Instead, he recorded the performances intact, without overdubbing, in a teak grove, pausing only when outside noises intruded.
In the mid-1970's, Harry B. Helmsley, the developer who controlled office buildings, hotels and apartment complexes throughout the city, touched off a stormy protest by preservationists when he announced plans to lease the property from the archdiocese and demolish the landmark but crumbling Villard Houses to make way for a large hotel.
The record bears them out.
Current plans have the Navy Theaterwide Defense available for emergency use in 2007 and fully deployed three years later, while the shorter-range Navy Area Defense should be ready sooner.
They have been called the Black Hole of the N.F.L.
The two New Jersey teams had already met this month, with Rutgers winning, 46-44.
Unitas turned the two-minute offense into an art form.
''A little boy got a harmonica out of a drawer and played,'' said Danny White, a Matawan singer-songwriter who recently released his second album, ''and there was one 17-year-old I talked to about music for a long time.
Objections arose from many quarters, including scientists who said the databases were not good enough yet to provide findings meaningful enough to market.
''Now, it's like juggling,'' he said.
It did not disclose how much it would pay for closely held Valmed, which was described as profitable, with $40 million in distribution revenue recorded in 1999.
The attention was not of the sort Netpliance was looking for this week as it prepared an initial public offering.
While Mott, which invests its endowment without the aid of outside managers, pays attention to proxy matters, it does not view its $3 billion in assets as a way to accomplish change at companies that prove themselves to be poor corporate citizens.
Under Justice Department rules, the death penalty decision begins with local government prosecutors, in this case the office of United States Attorney Mary Jo White in Manhattan.
''We needed to take definite steps to reverse the trend.
We learn about being generous.
That could mean giving inmates a supply of medication when they leave, helping them find housing and arranging Medicaid coverage for treatment.
Later diagnosed as manic-depressive, Hoffman had to go underground in 1974 and lived on the run under various disguises for the next seven years as ''Barry Freed.''
.4:31:25 17049 Walker, M, 37M .
Ms. Taschler paints evocatively empty subjects -- a swimming pool or theater doors guarded by stanchions and a rope -- in muted colors with matching, heavily painted frames; her deft, soft-focused pastels are better.
Time Warner's share price soared after the merger was announced on Monday, to a high of $102, but it closed at $83.25 on Friday, $6.75 below Monday's close.
A company official said no layoffs were planned after the Lukoil takeover.
Disk Drive Breakthrough Reported A group of I.B.M.
He might have become one of the city's musical patriarchs had he not been sent to Theresienstadt and from there to Auschwitz, where he died in 1944.
But if bond investors are focusing on that scenario, they are ignoring an important piece of the inflation puzzle, according to Alan W. Kral, vice president for portfolio management at Trevor Stewart Burton & Jacobsen in New York.
The pump was essential to Krys's treatment, according to the hospital staff, which added that he could not be discharged without it.
In the process, Mr. Day has challenged some of the cornerstones of Canada's identity, including the generous social spending that has saddled Canadians with one of the world's highest tax rates.
In 1995, they swept the Detroit Red Wings, four games to none, to win the cup.
Born in Poland, he himself passed through Auschwitz and other camps on his way to Mauthausen: actually one of its many satellite camps in Austria, Ebensee, from which he was liberated 55 years ago this month.
An interesting fact about Little River is that many of the town's black children went to college while very few of the whites did.
Gay couples who have been together for 40 years are legal strangers to each other.
The answer, of course, is that throughout those many centuries the vast majority of people lived at the edge of starvation; only very recently has a decent life become available to more than a tiny elite.
To the Editor: It is a pity that the discussion over legislation on trade with China (front page, Sept. 20) does not distinguish between the liberalization of our trade with China and China's easing of restrictions on our investment there.
Healtheon's frequently volatile stock price has been sinking over the last four weeks since it announced disappointing financial results for the fourth quarter of 1999.
March 14 at 6 p.m. ''OSCAR WILDE ON FILM.''
Knoblauch was not in the starting lineup last night, but he is expected to play tonight, in the start of a three-game series against the Boston Red Sox.
He went back to Jordan to work in the family business and she stayed to go to school at the University of Miami.
A little more than a month after winning the auction for a controlling stake in the former state bank Banco do Estado de Sao Paulo, Banco Santander Central Hispano plans to buy the rest of the bank, for $1.2 billion.
Now Playing * ''ALMOST FAMOUS,'' starring Patrick Fugit, Billy Crudup, Kate Hudson, Frances McDormand and Philip Seymour Hoffman.
''If I had to d.h. every day, I'm sure I could do that,'' said Raines, who declared himself healthy.
If you are playing with Tiger, you are playing pretty well.''
THE celebrated butoh dancer Kazuo Ohno, 93, feels that dancing promotes well-being.
.4:31:23 17032 Sugawara, S, 41M .
Starting on Friday and ending on Sept. 24, theater, concerts, screenings and special events will be held in more than 40 galleries and 10 performance sites in downtown Manhattan.
Five museums -- the Metropolitan Museum, the National Gallery of Art in Washington, the J. Paul Getty Museum, the St. Louis Art Museum and the Los Angeles County Museum of Art -- bought old master paintings at Christie's on Thursday.
StorageNetworks Inc., Waltham, Mass., an initial public offering of 9 million shares.
Though neither had raised money for a presidential campaign, they knew most of Mr. Bradley's longtime supporters, and their job was to knit them together into what Mrs. Sapoch called ''Bradley cells.''
The Tar Heels (11-4, 2-0 Atlantic Coast Conference) shot 63.2 percent in the first half and then went 8 for 9 from the field to open the second period to bury the upstart Wolfpack (10-2, 1-1).
Levy (NYT) DELEGATE DEAL -- Senator John McCain of Arizona is giving Gov.
''Then all of a sudden,'' she said, ''it all came together for him.''
As if Finchem needs to ask Tiger how he is doing.
13, a 10-footer for a birdie at No.
To the Editor: It is puzzling to read that a study of the Tappan Zee Bridge finds that it is too costly to repair and must be replaced (news article, Jan. 12).
Laurence Coriat, the film's London-based writer, was a psychology student in her native France and, accordingly, her script lent itself to psychological rather than social realism.
From here, walk across the square to the second floor of the Tuck Library of the New Hampshire Historical Society at 30 Park Street for ''First in the Nation,'' an exhibition organized by the New Hampshire Photojournalists Association, with a roomful of pictures taken by New Hampshire photographers who have captured some of the best-known moments in the state's political history.
Five choreographers -- Lydia Johnson, Sue Bernhard, Lacy James, Catherine Seago and Valerie Bull -- present a shared program.
Mr. Romanello is a retired electrician.
Last week, the two talked on the telephone, and on Monday Mr. Clinton called his old friend again, this time to congratulate him on his place on the Democratic ticket.
THUNDER FROM THE EAST: Portrait of a Rising Asia, by Nicholas D. Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn.
It is extending the head-gasket warranty on about 294,000 of the rear-drive cars and reimbursing owners who already paid for repairs.
The easiest way is for Robert Halmi to go his own way and say, 'I'm doing ''Arabian Nights,'' ' and it's with someone he trusts, and you go and make it.''
It gives you the opportunity to get one on one with a defensive back.
The overiding look of the place is western, what with the hardwood benches and knotty-pine walls hung with horns, tools and rifles.
The daily Italian financial newspaper Il Sole 24 Ore reported earlier that Alitalia and KLM had stepped up talks to consider a full merger.
Screaming, she beat him all night, then sent their daughter to live with relatives, cautioning her to keep silent.
''She put all her sons through college,'' Ms. Henry said of Mr. Szymanski's mother, Maria.
'' Ms. Garb remembered feeling nervous as she held up the tea, as if she were holding up a piece of paper for Mr.
Democrats also said they were furious at the Florida secretary of state, Katherine Harris, a Republican, for refusing to grant Palm Beach County an extension to finish counting the votes there tonight.
''They do not see evidence of particularly weak conditions,'' she wrote.
Then, in 1991, it opened an oceanarium that featured dolphin shows, drawing new visitors.
And The New York Times recently signed a nonbinding letter of intent with state and city officials to pay about $85 million for control of a site on Eighth Avenue between 40th and 41st Streets, for a new headquarters.
Profits at Chiquita, based in Cincinnati, have been dragged down by a long-running trade dispute between the United States and the European Union that has caused a banana surplus.
Since the regional company was formed last year, AT&T Latin America has aggressively moved into the region, by acquiring Netstream in Brazil and Keytech LD in Argentina.
The psychologist, Dr. Lourdes Rigual-Lynch, of the Children's Hospital at Montefiore Medical Center in the Bronx, met with Mr. Gonzalez, his wife and their infant son in Washington, D.C., this past Sunday, but not to assess Mr. Gonzalez or to decide whether his son, Elian, should be returned to him.
Eric Kretz, the brawny drummer, was willing to lighten up when necessary.
''I was born in Trinidad, where it's natural to accept everyone,'' Mr. Leiba said.
This year Ms. Oates was cited for her novel ''Blonde'' (Ecco Press/HarperCollins), a portrait of Marilyn Monroe based on biographical and historical sources.
Instead of a low body weight, they seek well-defined muscles, sleek abs and sculptured pecs.
The shuttle astronauts will be away 11 days.
.5:18:19 25162 Kersten, M, 44F .
''Georgia O'Keeffe: The Artist's Landscape, Photographs by Todd Webb.''
Why, then, does the mayor single out Mr. Sharpton for demonization?
He accuses them of siding with Rwanda, which the South Africans deny.
While some oil goes to Eastern Canada, the big market is the Eastern seaboard of the United States.
Ms. Hay, described as a food stylist in Australia, is faceless in this book and was seen only from the knees down in her last one, ''New Food Fast.''
Combining results from the Atlanta Games and the 1994 and 1998 Winter Olympics, its athletes have won 16 gold medals, 6 silvers and 9 bronzes -- more medals in the four-year span than Belgium, Denmark or Britain has brought home.
Endowments are, he observed, the ultimate long-term investors, with no plans to cash out, ever.
As the elevator reached the first floor, the man withdrew a gun from his bag, said Detective John Giammarino, a police spokesman.
Until recently, among smaller companies ''there was a greater sense of, 'I could do this myself and in my own fiefdom,' '' Mr. Perriton said.
We're still waiting for a James movie with a sense of humor.
You understand why his subjects might allow him to peek at their souls.
Services Sunday, July 23, at 9:45 AM at ''The Riverside,'' Amsterdam Avenue at 76th Street.
Since none of the offices facing 57th Street directly faces a high rise, their tenants have a largely unobstructed northern exposure and their offices receive additional natural light.
To many, their presence merely emphasized the absence of the United States, which last year was a major backer of the peace agreement that granted amnesty to a brutal warlord, Foday Sankoh, and even brought him into government.
The Million Mom March has opened more than 240 chapters in 46 states and expects to be represented in every state by the fall.
Though it was hoped that the general could stamp out corruption and balance the books, he has instead found himself betwixt and between, coveting approval -- and money -- from the West while bowing to powerful fundamentalists at home.
At 34, she was homeless and on drugs, she said, still struggling to overcome the effects of her own damaging odyssey through the child welfare system in the 1970's.
But both sides must grapple with influential domestic constituencies and broad diplomatic concerns as they ponder whether and how to impose retaliatory sanctions.
The balloting has also been threatened by former members of paramilitary units that fought in the civil war.
When I visited Japan last year, I saw that Japanese students' schoolbooks are lightweight paperbacks.
He said, without a smile: 'They're bound to do that, sir.'
Nathan Lane plays her encouraging husband.
Each candidate is turned into a stock and voters can buy and sell shares -- candidates' prices rise and fall along with their political fate.
And a year ago when, thanks to ink jet printing, I finally made up a dummy which an agent-friend sent around, the results were not good.
Tickets: $15 to each (Oestreich).
They have still not shown the ability to beat the Braves.
NEW JERSEY STATE MUSEUM ''Leonard Baskin, Clarence Carter, Jacob Lawrence and George Segal: New Jersey Remembers.''
The City Council has awarded the project $10 million.
Its partner in the project is L.&M.
''You bat behind Mike, you have to do a little better than that,'' Ventura said of his season-long slump.
O'Neal has never had that type of supporting cast and, Kobe Bryant's periodic shows of greatness aside, was almost a one-man gang against the Pacers.
The report is one more reason for state and federal officials to keep pressing their legal and regulatory efforts to force the Midwestern polluters to clean up their plants.
And Weill's music for the boy hero even recalls the chanting of the child Noh actor, fixing on one note that is often approached by one or two upward steps.
A majority of voters decided that Mr. Milosevic himself was dishonoring Serbia, according to an opposition vote count backed by the United States and the European Union.
''The problem is, we haven't been able to convince Chicago's owners that values in a Chicago commercial landmark district go up, not down, because we don't have any commercial historic districts -- yet,'' he said.
That struck me as a near-brilliant resurrection of the despised iceberg, with a clever postmodern wink.
He promptly called Ms. Schimko to thank her, and provided her with his FedEx account number for a speedy return.
After the Chatfield report, the state and Southdown agreed to disagree until New Jersey tests the air and dust at the quarry and in scores of homes within two miles.
Sen. Joseph R. Biden Jr., the law's chief Senate sponsor, said the decision ''is really all about power: who has the power, the court or Congress?''
From San Francisco to the South Bronx: a biography of the Yankee Clipper.
It will never play in movie theaters.
''If that was me, that's something I would care about.
His is the land of high trade barriers protecting deeply inefficient businesses, from steel and textile manufacturers to the small retail sector, while relentlessly promoting Japan's sleeker exports.
It only stands to reason that many times a reading of a ballot by a human will be subjective, and the intent gleaned from that ballot is only in the mind of the beholder.
''From the first day I announced my candidacy,'' Mr. Bush said, ''I said that I would run a different campaign -- one that attracts new faces and new voices to the conservative cause of the Republican Party.
It was how he felt about the relationship.
Its clients include some of the largest American and European airlines, and Embraer has continuously pressed forward with expansion plans.
The individual compensatory amounts were the highest ever awarded to smokers in a tobacco lawsuit.
The sale reduced Mr. Murdoch's stake in EchoStar to 26 million shares, or 11 percent of the outstanding shares, according to the filing.
Saturday at 2 p.m. Free.
''The phone was in their bedroom and doubled as the business phone,'' she said.
Remaking ''High Noon'' leads us directly into such questions as well as the larger issue of how the western has failed Western history.
B1 A Court Order for the Mayor Public Advocate Mark Green obtained a court order directing Mayor Giuliani to show by next week why he should not be held legally accountable for the release of Patrick M. Dorismond's sealed court records.
It's not known exactly when the Navajo first settled Monument Valley.
The Clinton administration will soon unveil a revised approach to forest fires.
Still, Ms. Davis's taste for exuberantly outrageous fashion could be called calculatedly risque.
Dr. Hut, who said he has never seen the committee's full report, says the visiting committee never intended to review individual faculty members' performance.
The Pentagon is considering ending all security clearances for the former head of the C.I.A., John M. Deutch, Defense Secretary William S. Cohen said today.
He conceded it was a possibility and yesterday it became a reality when he agreed to a three-year, $10.65 million contract with the Mariners.
Since no one can put the Balkan Humpty Dumpty together again, the Western countries have two unappealing choices.
Representative Heather A. Wilson, Republican of New Mexico, added, ''It's time to stop the revolving door of justice and put these people away.''
Mr. Bush said, ''I don't know how I can be more clear.''
The settlement ended a trade-secret dispute that began in March when Intel sued Broadcom for hiring several former Intel employees.
But ''it was the image of Nietzsche holding his head and having an idea, as an icon of a hermitlike intellectual, that dominated me as much as his specific ideas,'' Mr. Foreman said.
''This is not going to be a long, portentous philosophical tract.
He has smiled for the television cameras.
Voss understood how confusing John's Call might have looked to the public.
''Playing a brokering role was unusual and something that was never sought.
Luciano Pavarotti has offered to do an encore in Atlantic City for people who attended a concert last weekend when he sang with a bad cold.
We were friends right away.''
Auto industry officials who insisted on anonymity said last month that Ford might shut down the factory entirely.
His successor, Bill Belichick, abdicates the throne after a day and now we hear that the Jets plan to announce on Monday that Groh will be the new head coach.
Mr. Levitt said the new rules would get rid of irrationality.
Heat milk and syrup in saucepan until syrup dissolves into milk.
They worked hard to get this house, and now its like they have to start all over again.''
Mass of Christian Burial will be celebrated Saturday, 10AM, Saint Peter's Church.
In his new book, he describes the moment the marriage ended: ''I knew she had arranged to meet her lover.
The judge also ordered two other union officials, Edith Le Win, the vice president, and Barbara Bielecki, the secretary, to each pay a $1,000 fine.
There was talk about his family, about his immigrant grandmother, his father's bakery route, his wife's family's survival of the Holocaust.
All these elements are in Wagner's Ring, but there is also something to which our culture has developed an immunity -- tragedy.
Carotid endarterectomies have been on the rise as their effectiveness has been established.
The witness, Lee R. Koegel, an aviation safety inspector in Long Beach, Calif., where the plane was built, said he did not feel qualified to explain the difference, ''not being a lawyer.''
THE SCRIPT -- South Carolina's attorney general, Charlie Condon, says: ''The Charleston union riot reminds us why South Carolina is a right-to-work state.
Folk Art Studies Folk Art Institute of the Museum of American Folk Art, 555 West 57th Street; (212) 977-7170.
The judge told the jurors that there would be no court on Friday, which is the one-year anniversary of Mr. Diallo's death.
I think you are safer in just thinking of it as any other business.
Meets Sunday at 1 p.m. in front of the Brooklyn Public Library, Grand Army Plaza.
As homely as that process is, it has much in common with a large drug molecule that behaves differently in the body, depending on what shape it takes, said Dr. James Kakalios, a physicist at the University of Minnesota.
In all cases the acquired company had a drug either on the market or close to it but faced a long gap until the next product would be ready.
It's kind of hard when you know that it doesn't count.
''Dancer in the Dark,'' chosen to open the New York Film Festival on Friday, is positively Greek in its fatalism.
Mr. Elliott always collected ''with an institutional perspective,'' as Maxwell K. Hearn, curator of Asian art at the Metropolitan Museum, put it.
Greer, who went 5 for 6 with four runs batted in, drove in Alicea and Curtis with a single through the middle of a drawn-in infield to make it 9-6.
Also at the Triad: ''Gershwin's American Rhapsody: A New Musical Revue,'' starring KT Sullivan and Mark Nadler.
This attitude mimics his father's famous discomfort with any probing of his psyche.
This is a strong team.
Constitutional experts say that upon a president's death, the speaker of Parliament must call new presidential elections within 7 days, with polls taking place within 60 more days.
Mr. Kiarostami's views of hillsides, valleys and gnarled, solitary trees seem almost otherworldly in their clarity and depth, and his story, about a morose engineer who has come to a remote Kurdish village on an enigmatic mission, is as simple and mysterious as a folk tale.
WHAT THE STARS MEAN: (None) Poor to satisfactory * Good ** Very good *** Excellent **** Extraordinary Ratings reflect the reviewer's reaction to food, ambience and service, with price taken into consideration.
A second case reported tonight leaves open the possibility that a different couple might have been more welcoming to Samantha despite her problems.
Indeed, it was Diana Trilling who at the close of her memoir, ''The Beginning of the Journey,'' wrote elegiacally of ''the life of significant contention,'' which that cranky, opinion-toting group known as the New York Intellectuals specialized in.
The men demanded to be taken to three different destinations, they said.
And none of the Pacers could fully exploit Ewing's absence.
Their comments have been really constructive.''
He added that the project would help to improve the appearance of sections of the Meadowlands that are clearly visible from the western spur of the New Jersey Turnpike and would help to reduce ocean pollution by providing an upland site for the disposal of mud dredged from New York harbor as part of the deepening project.
Just how far over the rainbow need the reader go to get away from stuff like this?
But she has managed to bring criminals to justice in Mexico, Malta, Peru, and Ireland.
The Foundation Directory, which lists the nation's foundations by state, is available in many New Jersey libraries.
As the day drew to a close, after a rally at Elmira College and before another at a Binghamton golf club, Mr. Lazio made an unscheduled stop -- at a video store in a mall to select something for the long trips.
Heading out of Cleveland, the driver's first impression is that this is definitely a harder-edged car.
Their relations cooled when Mr. Dilan found himself with nowhere else to go in elective office but after Mr.
The rationale behind the agreements is similar to United's interest in US Airways: the carriers want to be able to feed passengers from anywhere on to their more lucrative, long-haul flights.
Now, as a result of upgrades, the state agency with the most direct contact with municipalities can do its work faster and more efficiently.
9 11 2 THE VINEYARD, by Barbara Delinsky.
So, at the end of the program, the studio added the following disclaimer: ''The character portrayed as a Financial Times reporter is fictitious and does not imply that Financial Times journalists have ever engaged in improprieties.
The march was being held to show the world, ''and especially American public opinion, what our people think of the gross lie that the genocidal blockade has been softened,'' the Communist daily Granma said.
Opera, Operas The rejuvenated Long Island Opera takes a step today that few opera companies -- let alone small regional troupes -- attempt.
He said companies were being encouraged to build upon the raw sequence.
MR. ZAPOLIN -- No, we said to ourselves, the only way we can be unique is to try to give our own story, and to portray that we were low-tech for novices, to say, ''I don't know more about computers than you but I'm just trying to help.''
Behind every one of Mr. Barman's japes -- from his corny shout-outs to ''towns, hamlets and neighboring islands'' to his off-key singing of a chorus based on Lauryn Hill's ''To Zion'' -- looms the same big punchline: Isn't it funny how white I am?
He expected further violence through the night, despite a 6 p.m. to 6 a.m. curfew, he said.
Although the Fiat group reported a 45 percent drop in profit last year, the car division, which for the first time ever accounted for less than half of the group's roughly $50 billion in revenue, returned to profitability after a year of losses.
In ''Angel Death,'' the crime takes place at a resort hotel on a Caribbean island.
In these theoretical devices, all the calculations needed to solve a problem would be performed simultaneously in quantum superposition.
Twenty-six percent of those over the age of 24 in New York -- the state with the greatest income disparity -- have at least a bachelor's degree, whereas in Indiana, which was among the seven states with the lowest income disparity, only 16 percent do.
''It seems there's something about talking publicly that helps.
Everything hinged on the final deal, perhaps the one shown in the diagram.
Woods said he was also displeased that the Tour raised its licensing fees for the event he will play host to next month, the Williams World Challenge.
The music came from the room of Frank Pardal, 54, who held his eyes closed.
The Federal Trade Commission and the Justice Department are looking into allegations that Associates has used deceptive lending terms and high fees that strip away the equity in the homes of unsophisticated borrowers.
The motorcycle was refitted with an extra gas tank, a tool box, a camera case and a steel underplate that protected the crankcase (and concealed a .32-caliber Smith & Wesson revolver).
''We waited for air support, but it never arrived.''
When the owner of a vineyard decides to write a memoir, she enlists the help of a younger woman.
Childs, who said he had been bothered by the injury for about a month, aggravated it in the second quarter against the Seattle SuperSonics on Monday night.
We extend our deepest condolences to his beloved wife Rhea, his children, grandchildren, and to all the Schindler family.
''Then, in the days or weeks after the game has been released, they'll announce the availability of patches that resolve the bugs.
Instead, a film made by Charles Guggenheim showed the president's plane taking off for Dallas -- leading more than one child in the 80's to think that Kennedy died in an air crash.
On the other hand, some tenant groups say that by any name, the effort is simply a gentrification program that takes away more housing for low-income families than it produces.
Some say the Soviet anthem should be stricken from official memory because of Communism's terrible crimes, while others say it should not be forgotten because of glorious moments like the victory over Hitler in World War II or Yuri A. Gagarin's first flight in space.
.3:34:15 3892 Rivera, M, 32M .
''Perot was to me standoffish, and he doesn't like people getting into his territory.
It was always assumed that they had simply been lost by an overworked staff at the review board, said Joel Berger, a lawyer who often represents plaintiffs in brutality cases.
From the start the contract did little to resolve tensions in a troubled partnership.
''We're going to try to double Malone as quick as possible,'' Scott said before the game, knowing that Martin would not be able to stop Malone alone.
The one-acre New York Chinese Scholars' Garden is open.
New York magazine called the area ''New York's Next Hot Place to Live.''
But despite the assurances from white farmers that they support land redistribution, they have repeatedly failed to systematically identify tracts available for sale.
Investigations of this type, known formally as multistate market conduct exams, have been rare, but they have resulted in fines of millions of dollars for some companies.
CAROLYN S. KONHEIM Brooklyn, Oct. 29, 2000 The writer is an environmental consultant.
''When I came home, I had so much to tell all my friends.''
When I went to sleep, it was real painful.''
A scientific expedition to explore Atlantis Massif, a mountain in the mid-Atlantic range, poses some special challenges because its summit is about 3,000 feet below the surface of the ocean.
''The customs guy was ready to check the dogs off when they got off the plane, but when they arrived, there were 21 of them.
But the Whitman administration decided to award the $463 million contract to the lone bidder, a company with close ties to several prominent Republicans.
''It can take the pounding they can't do on a snowy New York street,'' he said.
He and several others say they feel certain that Mr. Gore is being influenced to some degree by the race his father lost in 1970, a legendarily dirty campaign in which Republicans played on racial fears, distorted the senator's record and made illegal campaign contributions.
In the meantime, Donald J. Trump, Bernstein's current landlord at the General Motors Building on Fifth Avenue, wants to raise the rent from from $39 a square foot to $175 a square foot, or more than $27 million a year, when the company's lease expires in 15 months.
Her contribution to the current Whitney Biennial is an installation piece in which a white halter-topped dress like the one worn by Marilyn Monroe in some famous photographs is caught in the act of being blown to bits.
On June 3, family, friends, employees and advertisers gathered at the Wolffer vineyard in Sagaponack for a celebration replete with cabaret entertainment.
I was the one who was scared.
''On top of that,'' he wrote, ''Greenaway can't resist illustrating every line of text with repetitive film footage and choreographic routines, all thrown together in a sprawling jumble.
This week it is scheduled to move into a larger office.
Much of the housing stock is more than 100 years old, he said, while immigrants from Central and South America and Middle Eastern countries continue to flood into the city.
The Midland childhood is a striking contrast to that of another boy growing up at the same time, Al Gore, who instead of being paddled in Mr. Bizilo's office was attending the elite St. Albans School in Washington, swimming in the Senate pool and listening on an extension as his father the senator spoke on the telephone to President John F. Kennedy.
No injuries were reported, but the accident was the worst in the 26-year history of the plant.
''Yard-saling is a way of life,'' said Ms. Kinnane, who has elevated this suburban avocation into a vocation as an antiques dealer, collector and appraiser of Americana.
A lawsuit has been filed against the Fleet Bank, accusing the company of misleading consumers and violating a pledge to charge a fixed interest rate on credit card balances transferred to Fleet accounts.
Cohen says he has not read the Herman-Giddens study, but in 1998, a year after that paper came out, he added the category of Early Sexual Maturity to his Web site.
Tomorrow night at 6, St. James Church, off Main Street, Great Barrington, Mass., (413) 528-3595.
The picture painted by newly disclosed passages from State Department papers is profoundly disturbing.
Ms. Hendrix added: ''In 1998, we did 14 cities in 28 days.
Mr. Warin raised the possibility that the Picasso belonged to the Kann estate in a letter last year to Glenn D. Lowry, the director of the Museum of Modern Art.
The game does not allow that.
For upon discovering that he could be attractive to women he made the most of the opportunities bohemian and literary fame afforded until in a goatish, impotent old age, he became, as Frazier euphemistically has it, a ''tactilist,'' with a notable penchant for bottom-pinching.
Ronnie died of a heart attack in the Broadmoor institute for the criminally insane in 1995 at age 61, and Charlie died in April at age 73 on the Isle of Wight while serving a 12-year sentence for his role in a $50 million cocaine-smuggling operation.
''America's armed forces remain capable'' of achieving the military goals of the Clinton administration, the report stated.
's problems, many academics, scientists, athletes and coaches have criticized as insufficient and ineffective a new test for the endurance drug known as EPO, which is believed to be widely used in sports like swimming, distance running and rowing.
''We don't spend a lot of time talking about content,'' she said.
The Specialty unit, based in Shreveport, La., collects used motor oil for Pennzoil-Quaker State, a maker of the two top motor oil brands.
will be repeated on Saturday and Sunday at Dance Theater Workshop, 219 West 19th Street, Chelsea.
For thousands of square miles the wilderness shattered into a jigsaw of ponds and streams, as if the whole continent had flattened to sponge, where the rivers wound fantastically upon one another, and splintered 10 or 20 ways.''
Q: Do co-op boards have the right to unilaterally make decisions such as cutting down trees without consulting other members of the co-op?
The ads are running both in New York markets and in a few other Eastern cities.
Stinasu runs the accommodations at Raleigh Falls, in the Central Suriname Nature Reserve.
World War III as experienced by a nuclear submarine's captain.
The council, something of a United Nations cabinet of countries, is the only body that can call for enforcement of its decisions by military means, if necessary.
In the quarter a year earlier, Polaroid took a $40 million pretax charge for severance payments.
This was largely uncharted territory for a Democratic president.
Mike Morgan (5-3) pitched two and two-thirds scoreless innings for the victory.
The lighters should be returned to the place of purchase for a refund.
Adding life to the Manassas Old Town at night are people who have moved into some 20 modern apartments recently added to the upper floors of rehabilitated commercial buildings.
But that is not how many supporters of the Montenegrin president, Milo Djukanovic, view the situation.
Needed to win: 270 electoral votes.
She had read the reports from all the public hearings.
The agreement, if passed by Congress, would make Jordan only the fourth nation to eliminate tariffs with the United States.
Local and state officials said the Harrison property would be perfect for a studio complex: it has a cavernous column-free building with 103,000 square feet and a 100-foot-high ceiling, and it is across the street from a PATH train station.
In fact, the state now has its unusual ''blanket'' primary system, in which the names of all candidates appear on the same ballot regardless of party, because a moderate Republican, Representative Tom Campbell, believed he could have won the 1992 primary for United States Senate that he lost to a more conservative candidate if crossover voters had been eligible to participate.
But in the next decade its creative destruction will hit education and government with full force.
We extend our deepest sympathies to his family and his many friends.
It's an old habit, difficult to explain, harder to break.
''Just because I'm dressed like this,'' he'd say, ''doesn't mean I can't do a man.''
''I don't know if I want to go to a team that doesn't have a chance to win.''
''No campaign would deliberately solicit the press with any hope of any kind of return, so we moved to remedy that,'' Mrs. Clinton said in Manhattan.
City investigators at the Trade Waste Commission -- established in 1996 to reduce corruption and the influence of organized crime in the waste hauling industry in the city -- found that Browning-Ferris officials had misled the city by suggesting that the company had audited its trash collections to ensure it was charging its customers fairly, an official who participated in the settlement said.
The National Gallery began its documentation three years ago, when the issue of art stolen by the Nazis drew attention on both sides of the Atlantic.
She was turned in by a clerk at Moto Photo.
''So many guests come up to me and say, 'I hope they don't change things,' '' said Ronald Hector, standing behind the reception desk in his role as executive assistant manager.
In contrast to some of the flamboyant celebrities that appear on ''T.R.L.''
Iris Baez, Anthony Baez's mother, said in an interview yesterday that she appreciated the city's plan to rename the street, saying it would raise awareness about the threat of police brutality.
When the deal was struck, she said, it was agreed that she would not participate because she is a news personality.
The central computer would process the data and create a map showing empty slots.
.4:34:10 17648 Diminich, S, 30F .
The Nasdaq composite index posted the fifth-largest rise in its 29-year history on Friday, with Qualcomm and Sun Microsystems pacing gains.
They have concerns that too few apartments are being earmarked for area residents, and they wonder why the buildings were allowed to decay in the first place.
Mr. Woodside's first marriage ended in divorce, and after he remarried in September 1975 and moved into Manhattan, Mr. Woodside also had the opportunity to deepen his interest and appreciation of art.
He drew on the full spectrum of musical influences -- ancient and modern, Western and Asian -- and also the full range of musical instruments.
During World War II he served in the Royal Air Force, flying photographic reconnaissance missions.
But when we sat down with the agency and they gave us 15 different storyboards, we said ---- MS. BARON -- You said, ''Where's the one with me in it?''
I heard of at least a dozen startups while I was in France and Italy.
Terreri, who will turn 36 next month, had a 2-9 record last season and played poorly.
Some 300,000 children, the film reports, were victims of the Rwandan genocide.
The police said they suspected one of the cars ran a red light, but some residents said the light had been broken for two days.
To receive a clear signal, he must race from the balcony to his jeep and drive out of the village in search of higher ground, where he conducts impatient negotiations with the home office back in Tehran, pleading with his supervisors to extend his crew's enigmatic mission.
There is simply too much happening, and Mr. Gunnarsson is not very good at interweaving or subordinating plots.
I've even integrated the photos of my shocking hair misjudgments into my current persona.
''It hasn't always been lived up to.''
In Mr. Nachtwey's photographs, the boundary between living and dead is slim.
Born in Milwaukee, raised in Minneapolis, yet treasured every word in the NY Times and the New Yorker.
In 1902, the engineer Willis Carrier created a cooling system for a Brooklyn printer who was frustrated by the way heat and humidity changed paper size, causing the misalignment of his colored inks.
Prudence, 42, is his daughter from his first marriage.
.4:23:30 15235 Nudejima, S, 38M .
Representative Rush Holt, the Democratic incumbent, denied the allegations and said the Republican candidate, Dick Zimmer, was simply trying to cloud the legitimacy of a race he is likely to lose.
''Scientists should now get us out of it.
The life of the Buddha?
When sport utilities, pickups and minivans were the first in line as the light turned green, they also tended to accelerate more slowly than cars, probably due to their greater weight.
Mr. Napolitano, of Queens, operated a securities trading business in the mid-1990's.
To me, audiences are second.
''In places like New York, broadly speaking, the relationship between money and the art form is quite impersonal.
It turns out that Americans agree.
He was a journeyman, and journeyman did not speak with the older players.
(Each top staff member is expected to submit a more detailed, written report by the end of the day today.)
A lack of glamour and a stench of spam -- the dreaded mass-e-mailed sucker bait of get-rich-quick schemes and online nostrums -- have long accorded e-mail declasse status among the technoids.
'' The last native speaker died in 1962, leaving no audiotapes of his speech, so Mr. Baldwin had to go to graduate school in linguistics and work from documents to try to create a Miami grammar and recreate the spoken language.
Black relinquishes his main center pawn, thus avoiding a cramped position, but after 5 Ne4, White has an advantage in space.
Are sharks capable of plotting revenge?
James Clavell had only just published his first novel.
Parking is in an open lot surrounding the shopping center in which the restaurant is situated.
Outside the Royale, the photographs of ''The Rehearsal'' were still brightly lit in their glass cases: actors in period costumes and powdered wigs, like those in ''The School for Scandal,'' bowing and kissing in sumptuous rooms.
7 Texas Tech in Stillwater, Okla. Melinda Pharies added 18 points for Texas Tech (23-3, 12-3 Big 12) and Aleah Johnson had 17.
My friend Benny did not know what a gimlet was.
*Background checks will be mandated for handgun buyers at gun shows.
To the average driver, the barrels are covering potholes, but that is progress to local residents, because those holes mark the spots where Idlewild's first sewage system and natural gas lines are being installed.
The special charges are to go toward paying Sotheby's share of a proposed $512 million civil settlement with more than 100,000 customers of Sotheby's and Christie's who contend in a federal class-action lawsuit that the auction houses colluded to raise fees.
''It's particularly troubling at this late stage in the budget process that Congress seems to prefer a path of partisanship to one where we could maybe find some compromise,'' said Jack Siewert, the White House press secretary.
The first phase, to be completed next fall, is being offered to incoming freshmen and residential students, and includes all residential halls, libraries, the Murphy Technology Center, the Hagan School of Business and Spellman Hall, the student activities center.
The source she cited was a pirated copy of the movie ''Forrest Gump.''
They've got a done record.
The district now plans its own assessments, including student presentations, written accounts of experiments and multiple-choice tests, that can show whether claims made for kit-based instruction have merit.
From her collection of Cubs things, she said, she especially likes her Wrigley Field playing cards.
Under the banner of ''Grown on Long Island,'' the campaign was initially greeted with high hopes.
Analysts had hoped the company would take more steps to cut costs after buying American Bankers Insurance Group for $2.8 billion.
But Layden was unwavering in his support of the beleaguered Ewing.
To the Editor: Re ''The Greatest?
The youth, Jonathan James, pleaded guilty in federal court in Miami on Thursday to two counts of juvenile delinquency.
But while a kiss has nothing to do with platform or policy, it does speak, very clearly, to human nature.
Mr. Gore devoted whole sessions with the president to obscure matters, like the evaporation of the Aral Sea in Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan.
It is a place, she said, of ''informal mentoring, just being in the same place, gathering and talking.''
An outsize column emphasizes the sense of upset proportion as the grand doctors, arranged in an arc, consult their books incredulously or bend to listen to the boy, his face glowing, his back in foreboding shadow.
And sometimes it works out and sometimes it doesn't.
That number is dictated by the space in which ''Mourner'' will be presented, a former men's club at 21 South William Street in the Wall Street area.
LEVINE-Julius, on April 27, 2000.
In another report, a group led by Dr. Andrew P. Ingersoll of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena said the lightning preceding the storms was a critical clue indicating the presence of large amounts of water in the deep clouds.
The Americans and the West, desperate to push out Mr. Milosevic, finally understood for this election that the Serbian opposition was the only one available, Mr. Hiber said, and provided much more help than before, pouring money into Serbia -- to the opposition, the media, to student protesters, almost everyone who could claim to be anti-Milosevic.
In Europe, she said, the strongest reactions were in Belgium, France and Portugal.
Hillary Rodham Clinton can be grateful for that.
And for a brief moment at the start of today's event, it seemed the debate would be similarly ill tempered, as Mr. Nielsen used his opening statement for an attack, criticizing Mr. Maloney's position on taxes and accusing him of being beholden to special interests.
Unreal Tournament, my pick for the more engaging single-player action, also offers little touches like supplying a marksman's glove whenever a player reaches for a sniper's rifle.
But the rule for the second player is well founded.
Since then, American officials have held talks with Moscow on exactly what North Korea had in mind.
SKULSKI ART GALLERY Paintings by Ismena Halkiewicz-Grigorakis.
On Feb. 5, 2000, beloved wife of the late Jacob, most caring and loving mother of Julian and Carol, devoted motherin-law to Sylvia and Seymore, and grandsons, Jeffrey Scott Stuart, and the late Richard Sarnoff.
''Please, Please, Please,'' set to James Brown's ''It's a Man's World,'' is a good old-fashioned sexual tease for Sarita Allen in her diva vamp mode and Marc Mann as the virile mouse whom she crushes.
Alas, all three agreed that in the blind taste test, Island Cola came in second, to Pepsi.
Mr. Mohammed's samples and turntable scratching collude with Mr. Saadiq's guitar, bass and vocals, fusing the warm outreach of the soul man with the cool pose of the hip-hop player.
Zelda Hirsch, Helene and Harold Schulman, and nieces & nephews SEIDEMAN-Emanuel.
After all, he was once in charge of the unit for the Atlanta Falcons, in 1987.
Keep in mind that no one imminent hazard was found in any of our buildings.''
I find it carries further.''
''Beads, Body, and Soul'' through Sept. 17, Studio Museum in Harlem; Wednesday and Thursday, noon to 6 p.m.; Friday noon to 8 p.m., weekends 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.; closed Mondays, Tuesdays and major holidays; 144 West 125th Street (near Lenox Avenue); $5; $3, students and people over 65; $1, children under 12; (212) 864-4500.
''In our school, and our community,'' Ms. Bailey said, ''sports are a very important part of the educational process.''
''If you start opening up this stuff it doesn't do any good.
''We was just chorus girls.
Because of language problems, I missed the fine points of the botanical tour, though it was clear from Kamanya's pantomime that he could cure most any part of my body -- or poison me, if he chose.
agents and inspectors and giving states and communities another 10,000 prosecutors to fight gun crime.
5 and 9 (SMK 61841).
I would not get the decision.
''I was never enrolled,'' he said.
The Barbashes set up their foundation at the urging of their accountant.
Sick with typhoid, he was ultimately freed by Soviet troops near Berlin in 1945.
The Mets have inquired about a free-agent pitcher who could fill the No.
One day -- it seemed like overnight -- in place of the red landmark, someone had plopped down a real estate office.
Much of that, she continued, has been done under the auspices of her agency.
In the 1970's, the small Venetian Jewish community, numbering well under 1,000, began the restoration of the ghetto.
He brought in Johnnie Cochran to pave the way for a wrongful-death suit against the city by setting up an estate.
''It takes the financial strain off, the mental strain off.
Raiders, 15-7 Seattle (9-7) at Miami (9-7) Perhaps the toughest game to call because both teams are so even.
To the Editor: Re ''Unbiased Accounting'' (editorial, July 18): As you acknowledge, there is no evidence that non-audit work by accounting firms has led to any impropriety.
.4:53:49 21764 Rodriguez, L, 53F .
To register for Internet service by using the Dreamcast requires only a credit card and a few minutes.
A legal process is going ahead in an orderly way.
One of its most influential employees -- in practice if not in title -- is Levin Zhu Yunlai, the son of China's prime minister, Zhu Rongji.
Star-power names provide a comfort level for corporations lobbying in Washington.
MARINERS 13, RANGERS 5: Joe Oliver hit a grand slam shortly after Seattle's first rain delay in 31 seasons as the Mariners beat Texas.
On Friday night, there was proof of just how much they still need their old souls to lift them, and how tough it will be to recreate those wondrous June nights of last summer once Ewing and Johnson are gone.
According to a nationwide Ispos-Reid poll, 28 percent of 1,502 respondents said they would vote for the Alliance, up from 20 percent.
The shift was prompted largely by opinion surveys showing that Mr. Gore had pulled even with Mr. Bush after the Democratic convention.
No sun-shot clime has inspired more passionate writing than Tuscany, and the best of it ranges across a wide thematic territory: everything from modern novels like Penelope Fitzgerald's ''Innocence'' and Michael Ondaatje's ''English Patient'' to Renaissance classics like Vasari's ''Lives of the Artists'' and, even earlier, Dante's ''Commedia.''
One of only five 18th-century church buildings left in New Jersey, it will receive $139,784 for the restoration of its steeple and roof system.
A representative of Laura Mercier in the store said that no selling was done in the atrium, only brief makeovers for customers interested in sampling products.
But the governor of Zamfara state -- the only state with Shariah in effect -- said he would go along with the accord.
When he would come home to visit, his grateful former neighbors would lift his car on their shoulders and parade it before the new home he gave them money to build.
Another sort of power figures in the rise of the heel -- star power.
''If you want to learn, read a book!''
Opening Friday, the Wetlands Center has been created by the Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust, a conservation charity, around four unused reservoirs in Barnes, a West London suburb.
This will increasingly include new construction of units for low-income singles, he said.
Republicans generally reject that approach.
It was not clear tonight why Mr. Veerappan chose to release Mr. Rajkumar, a legendary actor who has played gentle heroes and mythical figures in more than 200 films, after the Supreme Court had blocked the granting of his main demand.
So far, that total is only about 27 percent a year.
The son evolves into a man who, though he devotes his life to writing about sex, never consummates his own marriage.
The issue was among one of several differences with Dr. Healy that led to Dr. Watson's resignation from that office in 1992.
Mark Recchi scored twice, and Eric Lindros and Chris Therien each added goals as Philadelphia eased its scoring slump.
Mr. Sloan said he had asked friends to suggest excursions that would capture the city experience.
.5:06:33 23879 Hart, E, 30F .
Al Sharpton, who has been leading protests against the Police Department, said he would push the Justice Department to bring a federal civil rights case.
''I have to let my hand heal up, because I'm going to beat him worst.''
But after the First World War, ''the novelty wore off and nobody used them,'' Mr. Monod said.
I was in an incredible fury about the world.''
Dennison Young Jr., the mayor's counsel, and Steven M. Fishner, the mayor's criminal justice coordinator, were said to be backing Mr. Dunne.
The poor have always borne the brunt of crime, and there is a huge population in the city who say that their uneasiness has never left them.
In the time I have been both Rozalind's and her son's physician, I have gained enormous respect for her and Corky as parents.
Towns in a three-way race in the 1998 primary and got 36 percent of the vote, announced his candidacy yesterday.
Then you fly over the memorial to Abraham Lincoln, this greatest of presidents, the man who saved the Union.
When the doors to the locker room opened last night, the biggest crowd was in the trainer's room.
AES CORP., Arlington, Va., a global power company, said its Venezuelan unit, Grupo EDC, Caracas, the holding company for the country's No.
FEDERATION OF PROTESTANT WELFARE AGENCIES 281 Park Avenue South, New York, N.Y. 10010.
One friend regularly supplied him with dreams.
Against the back wall, almost out of the way, Mr. Sondheim sat on an overstuffed leather couch.
Valentine said the first-base coach, Mookie Wilson, reminded Abbott, but Abbott was trying to be aggressive on the bases and thinking of breaking up a possible double play.
''The health care environment has changed tremendously in recent years,'' Dr. DeLap said.
Palm Beach County Circuit Judge Jorge Labarga ruled late today that the three canvassing board members could determine when a small indentation on a ballot amounts to a voter's attempt to cast a vote.
Carl Peterson, the president of the Chiefs, said her sister had died last weekend and she will be attending that funeral in Tallahassee, Fla., this weekend before her son will be memorialized in two cities.
So have various press organizations and political parties.
* ''MAKING CHOICES, 1920-1960,'' Museum of Modern Art, 11 West 53rd Street, (212)708-9480 (throug Sept. 26).
In its place could rise a 5,000-square-foot monstrosity.
''These institutions have a huge responsibility; people count on them, and they made a terrible blunder.''
''But it's becoming increasingly difficult because of the governor's office.''
This French bistro is a cozy spot that allows diners to watch the world walk by while they drink house wine by the carafe.
''That was a confirmation in my mind that there are times when an individual can limit themselves by not trying, and so I vowed never to say I'm not going to try that because I don't see any black people doing it.''
I've been going around doing readings from a new novel (''Le Mariage''), and often, on these occasions, I've been asked surprising questions about its themes.
Napa is neatly arranged: almost all the towns and wineries are distributed along two parallel roads, Highway 29 and the Silverado Trail.
Elizabeth Claire Dover, a daughter of Dr. and Mrs. George J. Dover of Baltimore, was married last evening to Steven Douglas Baker, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Dewey Baker of Mount Sidney, Va. Cantor Jan Morrison officiated at the Elkridge Furnace Inn in Elkridge, Md.
Rosario A. Iaconis Garden City, N.Y.
The move is the most serious of recent government efforts to curb independent and critical news media.
But Shiite Islam thrives on discussion in a particularly egalitarian way; it recognizes different interpretations, welcomes argument (at least among its clerical scholars) and shuns a rigid hierarchy.
In its first year, the library circulated 100,000 books to its starving, brutalized readers, mostly, it turned out, escapist fiction.
Martin was excited because Jonah had just gotten back with his family from Paris, where he had found himself in the living room of Constantin Costa-Gavras, the director of ''State of Siege,'' ''Betrayed'' and ''Music Box.''
I want to make another film.
The deal is the latest in a consolidation of the global auto industry, that was given a push forward last year by the merger of Daimler Benz and Chrysler.
AmeriServe, which distributes food to chain restaurants like KFC and Pizza Hut, filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of federal bankruptcy law in January.
This month Firestone acknowledged that millions of tires made since 1991 were unusually prone to tread peeling, and it now faces 50 lawsuits and a federal investigation into accusations that 46 deaths and 80 injuries are linked to the tires.
As consumption eases, so does the pressure to expand production through capital investment in new equipment.
A 28-year-old man admitted today that he strangled eight women here over two years, entering a guilty plea that will spare him the possibility of execution.
''Rapid Response'' is a four-person team of conceptual art activists (Christina Cobb, Peter Fend, Julia Fischer and William Meyer) that has conceived and, with this exhibition, is promoting a new, eco-friendly fuel supplier: the Post-Petroleum Gas Station, to sell nonfossil energy sources like ethanol, hydrogen, electricity or methane.
Since then I have come to know this: Confession is not therapy, nor is it moral accounting.
Yesterday, nobody introduced the politicians and luminaries in the audience.
Moments of difference stood out all the more.
But after the game, he walked under his own power.
I picture it manifesting unannounced, rather like the Ghost of Christmas Past, in the hotel rooms of female movie stars whose unlisted holographic ''addresses'' I've managed to look up on the Internet.
The Star-Ledger reported last week that Mr. Rolax was the man in the photograph.
While waiting at a crowded railway station to be deported to a mine, Mr. Harsanyi removed his sweater with its yellow star and walked away, his son said.
Carlos Delgado went 3 for 5 with three runs batted in as Toronto matched its season high with 17 hits.
Unfortunately, the kitchen seems to have stopped making demands of itself.
Those listed in the Physicians' Desk Reference include: Adalat, Calan, Cardene, Cardizem, Covera, Dilacor, Isoptin, Nimotop, Norvasc, Plendil, Procardia, Sular, Tiazac, Vascor and Verelan.
Referring to Bell Atlantic's chairman, he said, ''It's not in my best interest to tell you that Ivan Seidenberg is a poor manager of a multibillion-dollar company, because they're our major supplier.''
The European Commission said it would go to court to force Spain to give up powers over formerly state-owned companies like Telefonica S.A., the country's dominant phone company.
Pham Van Dong, who led the Vietnamese Communists' delegation to the Geneva peace talks in 1954 that ended the French war in Indochina and then served as Hanoi's prime minister for three decades, died a day before the 25th anniversary of the fall of Saigon, The Associated Press reported from Vietnam yesterday.
Equitable owes at least $2.2 billion to holders of policies with guaranteed annuities.
The rarest of events was unfolding.
On the other, it forces a writer to defend his work.
I look forward to working closely with the nations of this hemisphere but recognize that they cannot be bullied into progress.
WATCHUNG ARTS CENTER ''Studio One.''
But it studiously avoided confronting Buckley's core error of holding that mandatory limits on campaign spending would unconstitutionally limit free speech.
* ''OUR SINATRA,'' Reprise Room at Dillon's, 245 West 54th Street, (212) 239-6200.
Neighbors said they had smelled gas near the Walits' house from mid-afternoon on.
Over all, the Knicks have had trouble winning on the road this season.
In the January-February issue of i-D, a fashion-rock-art magazine, photographs of female newcomers, including several artists, often approached soft-core levels in their poses and uncovered skin.
Ms. Barrett, a Texas native who moved to New York City to pursue a career in interior design, now lives with her mother in Athens, Texas.
1930-1940: ''One night when your father was working, I went to the drugstore.
In the Aspen poll, 69 percent of the women sampled said global problems made it necessary for the United States to work closely with international organizations like the United Nations.
But Hazony concludes that these religious Zionists ultimately failed to inspire Israelis because they, like the Labor Zionists before them, became mired in the task of building settlements at the expense of developing ideas that would motivate their fellow Israelis.
Mattel to Sell the Learning Company Mattel said that it would seek a buyer for the Learning Company, the educational software unit that it bought in May for $3.6 billion and which has been in a slump ever since, leading to $300 million in losses and the resignation of its chief executive.
But he said he was going to insist on ''accountability,'' and when someone asked if he was going to be ''more or less tolerant'' with failure in the future, Deutch's answer left little room for ambiguity: ''Less tolerant.
As Mr. Robb makes clear, painting in late Renaissance Italy was like filmmaking now, the way to high fame and fortune.
Diallo ran onto it, shook off Ramos and nudged the ball over the line.
These appear rooted in the western takeover of East Germany, the dismantling of its society and industry, and the odd effect on this ravaged landscape of an immigrant asylum policy whose logic has become impenetrable.
''I don't know what's behind all these shootings because this is not normal.
''If I'm not patient, I'll go crazy.''
The tinny-sounding videotape is an actual confession by Daniel Rakowitz, who killed and carved up a woman in the East Village 11 years ago.
But how many traditional supercomputing challenges will fit such a model is very much in doubt.
Pat dry on paper towel.
Twenty-eight years later, Rachel Robinson, his widow, threw out the ceremonial first pitch on opening day at Municipal Stadium in Cleveland.
The bridegroom is a stepson of Robert Brehm.
The needle punctures the uterus and the two membranes forming the sac that holds the fetus and the fluid.
Holiday Show House Hempstead House at Sands Point Preserve, off of Middle Neck Road, northbound from Exit 36 of the Long Island Expressway, Sands Point, N.Y.; (516) 671-5677.
Wander into any alleyway off the main shopping boulevard, Queen's Road, and you can order tailored suits, personalized Chinese scrolls, custom-designed furniture or handmade shoes.
But the subject of donations ''just doesn't come up,'' said Mrs. Lee, who draws such checks on her account.
Both Merrill Lynch and CIBC raised their ratings on J. P. Morgan.
.5:17:50 25115 Bird, L, 35F .
Houston jumped to a 13-0 lead as the Bulls missed their first five shots and had two turnovers to start the game.
A former investment banker who became chairman in 1996, he has engineered huge acquisitions in both the old and new sides of the business.
It's just been seen as this huge sink.
''I've learned to hide it,'' Hardaway said of the pain.
The Clinton administration said today that it would file a complaint with the International Civil Aviation Organization, a United Nations specialized agency that sets global aviation standards.
Worries about mechanical flaws have in recent years forced a series of widespread groundings of planes.
April 16, 8 p.m., Rachmaninoff's ''All Night Vigil,'' Yale Glee Club and Yale Freshman Chorus, Pamela Getnick, conductor.
''Their success will depend upon them proving themselves and selling the concept of their usefulness.''
If those slots are filled by people from Wall Street and Stanford, people who have made their reputations independent of their politics, good.
''We don't know how long we're going or how much it's going to cost.
and quickly stuffed them back in our pockets.
She was the last African-American woman to reach a Grand Slam final before the Williams sisters, but before this match was even half over, you knew this was not about pioneering; it was about family.
But with spring training approaching, Assenmacher did not have a job.
Kathleen Mary Allen, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Martin J. Allen Jr. of Grand Rapids, Mich., was married at the Kent Country Club there yesterday to Robert Brian Olin, a son of Sheila Olin of Rockville Centre, N.Y., and the late Elliott C. Olin.
''There has been a lot of attention paid to the notion that there's a relationship between cockroach presence and asthma attacks in children,'' said Dr. Irwin Redlener, the president of the Children's Hospital at Montefiore Medical Center in the Bronx.
Most of these abortive efforts are simple testaments to Pota's failure of imagination.
Human rights and environmental groups had joined forces with residents here and in neighboring Chad, the two countries the pipeline would cross.
They've gone for the ball, and that's why it's 3-2.''
''There is a long way to go to rein in an economy that is growing 6 percent-plus in the past six months and going full steam ahead in the spring,'' he said.
Orlando Hernandez, who will start for the Yankees tonight, has never lost a postseason start, and the Yankees have a 14-game winning streak in the World Series.
Whether it is asking for driving directions or for medical attention, men seem not to want to appear uncertain or vulnerable.
Other pictorial items offer practical help: for example, the Circle of Fifths Poster.
The most unusual is probably the red slipware dish with a leaping deer from about 1928.
Throughout the day, there were more barbs ricocheting around the grounds than volleys.
A British company that operates an online business directory, Scoot.com P.L.C., agreed to acquire the British classified advertising company Loot Ltd. for $283.4 million in stock and cash.
The British police charged the driver, Perry Wacker, 32, of Rotterdam, with 58 counts of manslaughter.
And on a recent Wednesday night around 8, the place was packed.
Rolls-Royce, the world's second-largest aircraft engine maker, said yesterday that it was planning to close a parts plant in Derby, England, by June 2001, and eliminate up to 180 jobs in a cost-cutting effort.
Does it seem unfair that you got caught while you were trying to pay the money back, not while the crime was actually being committed?
''I can't get consumed with what Marty's doing out there,'' Boucher said.
Was this a banana-pecan pie?
Buttinger Nature Center, 31 Titus Mill Road, Pennington.
While Mr. Mejia's supporters had taken to the streets, the final tally was delayed as exhausted members of the electoral council took a five-hour break to get some sleep.
The 52-year-old Mr. Nazdratenko and the 58-year-old Mr. Kim have the same birthday -- Feb. 16.
The university's president, George E. Rupp, also spoke.
Ford has also said it is talking to Goodyear about tires for the 2002 Explorer.
Although the warning presumably went to both teams, it came a day after Pat Quinn, the Toronto coach, complained publicly about the Devils using such tactics.
In recognition of that, Mr. Bush said, he continually asks -- and tries to answer -- the question, ''How do I help people own?
Space available in buildings completed before World War II increased slightly to 7.4 percent from 7.2 percent.
But quivering, intimidated judges are exactly what the extremists have in mind.
(He then confessed he'd taken workshops, years earlier, with the magical scholar and voice coach Kristin Linklater, and he handled the language with such eccentric agility that I'm hoping he tackles a heftier Shakespearean role down the road.)
FOUNTAINS are the jewels of the city, serving no purpose but loveliness.
Why not spread out the sports and amortize a little?
During the crossover after the first game of the third set, Agassi asked for a trainer and then retired.
And that does not include the unlimited donations to the Republican Party, known as soft money.
But he is battling entrenched voting patterns.
The Caroliva olive oil, from Cordoba, is exceptionally fruity, and it plays no small role in transforming humble fillets of grilled mackerel, firm and meaty, into a memorable, two-fisted dish, enlivened with garlic and a sharp, tingling dose of chili and Rioja vinegar.
Populating the films are African guest workers, West Indian immigrants, disaffected adolescents, black-market businessmen who prey on the illegal immigrant community, all thrown together in rich tapestries.
''I think the ability to spend that extra time with patients,'' she said, ''somehow gets across to patients that you understand their concerns.''
To the uninitiated, the phrase would probably mean the right to reproduce.
On one panel someone has spray-painted 4/26/86, the date of the explosion, and just outside the control room, on what was once the observation deck, there is a brass plaque and a few plastic tulips to commemorate Valery Khodemchuk.
''Some big convention hotels are becoming predatory and going after the leisure and individual corporate travelers, the mainstay at nonconvention hotels such as ours,'' said Stephen Darling, general manager of the new 207-room Westin Grand, which O'Neill Hotels and Resorts of Vancouver opened last year at the south end of the downtown in a high-tech district.
Whether it was being ready at the bus at 5 o'clock in the morning for a very torturous ride or sitting through dozens of meetings, and not just sitting through them, but participating and being prepared.''
In order to support a major rally, we need to see multiples down another 10 percent or so.
It contrasts her designs for commercial fabrics, which emphasized structure and materials in new ways, with her pictorially striking handloomed pieces.
''The game for me might have looked easy, but it wasn't.
There were not even any verbal fisticuffs between Mr. Soyinka and the historian Ali A. Mazrui, whose decadelong argument intensified recently over a documentary that Mr. Soyinka's friend Henry Louis Gates Jr. made of his trip to Africa.
''They're all equally important in their own mind.''
My father maybe favored the two of us because I think we're both very much like him.''
In his second season after having been the Giants' second-round choice out of Michigan in 1996, Toomer had also been demoted by Fassel.
''So it looks good for the RHIC experiments.''
She says the store's East Village clientele play a major role in setting the city's fashion trends.
May his memory and good deeds be a blessing for us all.
ON THE SCREEN -- Close-up pictures of Mr. Franks in extreme slow motion alternate with recycled video of a tanned, T-shirt-wearing Mr. Corzine, beaming as he talks to voters.
A10 A Cool Reception for Bush Gov.
She is a financial services consultant in the New York office of A. T. Kearney, a management consulting firm.
''After a game, you're either still hyped up or maybe a little frustrated, and you're definitely exhausted,'' Parker said.
Still, government officials say an element of luck is involved.
Napocor's financial problems are partly the result of the country's chronic power shortages of the early 1990's.
Fish dealers test for the amount of amines to determine how fresh fish is, ''and the consumer's nose knows, too,'' Dr. Hotckiss said.
''Why should we accept his offer for a second round, if it's illegal?
He and his wife and children live in the ranch house, and on the land he built another house, one for his mother, a six-bedroom, seven-and-a-half-bathroom home complete with a movie theater and one of her favorite rooms, a trophy room displaying all of her sons' athletic achievements.
But nearly three weeks after Election Day, tonight's developments brought formality without real finality to a race that in statistical terms ended in a tie and has become the most embattled presidential contest in at least 124 years.
''But his attitude is Oriental, monotonic.
In the first quarter, sales of Prozac rose 1 percent, to $596.2 million, after declining for two quarters.
The graduates of the seminary in Yonkers kneeled on the steps of the altar while Bishop Egan, and their new brethren, laid hands on their heads.
Having lost 16 of their previous 22 games that had been decided by 5 points or less, the Nets believe a change of fortune is in the works.
''I saw him scamper back and forth,'' Manuel said.
Whatever one thinks of it, including the inspired banality of its sex scenes, Kubrick's last movie can't sensibly be measured in Schnitzler's terms.
Separate admission for evening screenings: $8; $4 for members and the elderly.
If the dust got too thick, they sprayed the rubble down with the hoses.
But how sublime that brief interval before you fall, when it seems as though you can do anything.
''We climbed out of the Bearcat, wanting each other again,'' Louise writes.
A dagger (+)indicates that some bookstores report receiving bulk orders.
Palestinians and other Arabs also recoiled at Mr. Levy's recent suggestions that the Palestinians intentionally generate crises in negotiations because they really do not want peace.
This time, there has been no single day when the index fell by as much as 3.5 percent, and individual investors do not seem to have panicked.
Devoted mother of Lawrence and Eleanor and mother-in-law of Jane and Kenneth.
It is not clear whether the board will reimburse Mr. Paternoster for the judgment against him, which with interest exceeds $28,000.
But he says he is ''a little worried about a man who tends to stretch the truth in order to get ahead politically.''
June 8-11: ''Matters of the Heart.''
Concerned about materialism and the values instilled in a child growing up on Long Island, they put Lena's inheritance into a charitable fund at the Long Island Community Foundation.
Hotel vacancies in the area are about 10 percent, well below the average of 17 percent for all of Long Island, according to Michael Hollander, president of the Long Island Convention and Visitors Bureau and Sports Commission.
The preliminary ideas call for a common dining room as well as studio space and rooms for public performances.
James Cicconi, AT&T's general counsel, said the company had not decided what it would sell but that it had no intention of spinning off its interest in Liberty Media.
Funny about breakfasts: you remember the best ones for a long time, always in geographical context.
After a year, we moved to West 10th Street, where we live today.
Party supporters shot into the air before fleeing.
Sequencing means determining the order of the three billion chemical units in the DNA of the human chromosomes.
''We will run the numbers over Christmas,'' he said.
Sally Bell's is open Monday through Friday, from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m.
He hoped for an even trump split, but West's discard of a diamond made matters more difficult.
Bonnie Bolden, the metro editor, who is white, summed up the sentiment: ''I will never again say things are fine.''
Luther had learned to read and write, but kept it secret for fear of punishment.
His main goal is to understand why a company is growing consistently and whether it can keep doing so.
Visitors headed north, as from the Albuquerque airport to Santa Fe and Taos, can use city streets to bypass the construction zone and reach Interstate 25.
The condition is like heartburn, with stomach acid backing up into the throat.
And was Mr. Florio misled, in precisely the same way, by his aides?
Jeffrey T. Buley, a lawyer for the state Republican Party, condemned the actions by Democrats, who have fought their own similar petition battles in the past.
Block Drug, founded in Brooklyn in 1907, produces Sensodyne and Poli-Grip denture adhesive, among other pharmacy items.
The Athletics have Alameda and Contra Costa counties, both on their side of the bay.
His main fame is as a teacher, and when he plays, it is often in venues too humble for his abilities.
Born to a Jewish family, he fled Germany in 1933 when the Nazis came to power, and worked in Italy before coming to the United States in 1937.
This was fine, because it saved the patron the pain of having to tell everybody himself.
Mr. Gore said little in the 90-minute session that he had not said previously during the campaign.
Seven years after his escape, the fiendish psychiatrist Hannibal Lecter is still at large.
Christie averaged 12.4 points, 4.4 assists and 31 minutes a game while Bogues, as his backup, played 21.6 minutes.
''We don't live here, but these guys have to come back here and live and their families are here and you don't know what kind of repercussions would have happened if they had played.
Suzanne Daley (NYT) FRANCE: BASQUE EXTRADITED Rafael Caride Simon, 54, convicted for terrorist activities, was extradited to Spain, where he faces charges of being a leader of the Basque separatist group E.T.A.
''Beautiful women really love mine,'' he said.
The booklet is sold at A Perfect Setting, 140 Atlantic Avenue, Cobble Hill, Brooklyn; (718) 222-1868.
There was always the awareness of why you were there and what was going on.
He named the American Boychoir School in Princeton, N.J., a secular institution that serves both residential and day students, as the only other example he could think of.
Ms. Lee, who pleaded guilty to a conspiracy charge, said she had helped the Peeler brothers carry out the killings by getting Ms. Clarke to open her door.
Initially, Mr. Missirlian said, he was happy in his role as Dunhill's Long Island franchisee.
The Long Island Rail Road has also added 134 double-decker coaches and 23 dual-powered diesel-electric locomotives that were purchased in 1998 for $371 million.
In the last year or so, though, as North Korea's still-small modern sector has risen impressively, the question seems to have shifted.
Indeed, at Faith Lutheran Brethren Church in Briarcliff Manor, the theme this year was the Outback Games, and a sign over the entrance to the church read, ''Welcome to Australia!''
Martin successfully removed it finger by finger and was now talking about the Jets' upcoming bye week with all the glee of a teenager approaching spring break.
If Mr. Ivester succeeded a legend, taking control when Coke was riding high, Mr. Daft has been handed a Coca-Cola at half-staff, with Mr. Goizueta's shadow fading.
''It's crazy, but they don't care if the light is red, green, whatever,'' she said.
What makes the latest pricing changes so tricky for a consumer is that they are not uniform.
Heat the olive oil and pancetta in a large flameproof casserole with a lid.
''Both of them have the same mentality: 'To win, I'll die in the ring.'
Game 4 in the Eastern Conference finals is tomorrow at 5:30 p.m. at the Garden.
It evolved in a similar way, and I think that's what's happening here.''
The Mets' success this season could be partly traced to their playoff experience last year, but they have proven to be susceptible to psychological barriers.
Several Outings With the Aunts ''Do you think she'll be frightened?''
Seven of the turn-of-the century buildings are vacant and three house small businesses.
A few years later, the outcry against the flood of refugees, especially Jews, was so strong that President Gaston Doumergue rescinded an offer of a chair in physics at the College de France made to the exiled Albert Einstein.
Mr. Taylor asked Mr. Hathorn if Mr. Beathard had fired the shot from outside the trailer.
A few months ago, when A.I.G.
Turner did not see Hernandez beat Cleveland in the Yankees' only pivotal game of 1998, when El Duque shut down the Indians in Game 4 of the A.L.C.S.
The pins would come out in three weeks, Martz said.
.4:27:57 16285 Tramposch, W, 51M .
And this underpass was clearly owned by a graffiti writer called Neck, whose most recent tag was a star-spangled confection bearing the words ''Made in the USA by Neck.''
But there is doubt that the son would be willing to let Israel keep a sliver of land on the shore of the Sea of Galilee that Syria held before the 1967 Arab-Israeli war.
But the deal was thrown into immediate uncertainty by the drug maker Pfizer Inc., which made an $82 billion hostile bid for Warner-Lambert.
On several occasions, Mr. Zhu declined to reassure Taiwan that there would be no violence before or after the election.
But only days after a judge threw out two lawsuits challenging his position, the governor submitted the bill requiring legislative approval and local referendums.
Special interest groups spent a total of about $1.1 million on the two candidates across the country.
But when you say you've complained about it, where has that been complained about?
''That's a good sign,'' said Ms. Augugliaro, because it meant the place was fitting into the neighborhood, despite misgivings expressed by some local residents when the project was announced a year ago.
Tracy Murray led the visiting Wizards with 23 points.
We ask Mrs. D'Ambrosio if she ever worries about eating seafood from the bay.
It was out of the question.
And the most remarkable thing of all is that this meal, this sceptered dish, this Full English bears no relation at all to what most people in England eat for breakfast.
You see, we've been here before.
That leaves her mother, Ms. Harris, the older, sentimental choice; Ms. Jones, the Broadway insider choice; and Ms. Shear, the populist choice.
Now they are clutching phones.
The age range of the pianists goes from the 40's up through the 80's.
And, while Northern Ireland, like the Irish Republic, once suffered from its isolation, the advent of a wired, global economy has reduced its sense of remoteness.
The approach is very different from the traditional method of creating colored light, which is to put a filter or gel in front of a white-light source so that only certain colors of the spectrum shine through.
At 8 p.m. on June 3 and 4, Hong Kong's Contemporary Dance Company will perform ''Sexing Three Millennia,'' about concubines in China, at the Kallang Theater, near the National Stadium; $13 to $30.50.
(+) 9 3 SURVIVOR, by Mark Burnett with Martin Dugard.
With a shot of manic energy, I extended my right hand.
Now, if, if we stay on this path, we can pay down the debt entirely in just 13 years now and make America debt-free for the first time since Andrew Jackson was president in 1835.
She was an avocational watercolor landscape artist, former model, public relations executive and more recently a real estate salesperson.
The two defendants who have testified so far in the Hajjarian case maintained that they were not part of any official group and knew each other only through a neighborhood vigilante squad that had assigned itself the job of attacking those they believed to be un-Islamic.
The game featured 11 fights before a howling mob of 20,000.
So last month the British author of ''2001 -- A Space Odyssey'' plunged into the infant market for electronic books -- ignoring the risk to his prestige.
St. Francis (5-5) of Brooklyn is riding a 13-game winning streak at home.
What really count are self-assurance and decisiveness, he said.
His own dining preferences tended more toward Le Cirque than Tad's.
In the men's 400, Johnson became the first man ever to win the quarter mile in consecutive Olympics, establishing a dominance not evident in any other event with his victory in 43.84 seconds.
Part of Samaha's credibility with the Hollywood community comes from the box-office success of ''The Whole Nine Yards.''
.4:18:22 13979 Peslier, M, 57M .
''Then we go on to the ultimate goal we all shoot for.''
The moral of the original tale says that Christmas can't be bought in a store.
With most voters still uncommitted, the eight remaining teams all have their candidates.
With the nimble hands of a seamstress, she slices pork (which Ms.
Online Broker Shifts Ad Emphasis When online brokerage firms started jamming the airwaves to promote cheap, electronic stock trading a few years ago, the onslaught was considered a byproduct of an overly exuberant bull market.
Russ Granik, the National Basketball Association deputy commissioner, said possible replacements could be Kobe Bryant of the Los Angeles Lakers or Eddie Jones of the Charlotte Hornets.
''It scared me a little bit,'' Tech Coach Frank Beamer said.
''It might be impossible, but I should try.
Later he helped manage his family's footwear factories before a successful 1988 run for Congress.
By the time Tegla was 5, she was hauling water and firewood and infant children on her back.
Later this year, BarPoint.com promises to list prices from the music store down the street as well.
Mr. DeLay insisted, ''I am not undermining the speaker.''
I'm just getting used to playing with the pain.''
But the melodic inventiveness and expressive grace are Mendelssohn's own.
They're taking money from other people.
They've got the tape, but they won't dare.
In an extensive run involving Jasper Johns, for instance, the camera focuses on the artist's rhythmic body language as he paints ''Harlem Light'' (1964) -- weaving, dancing, reaching, stepping back to contemplate, and communicating with the canvas in other ways as he casts a giant shadow on the painting's surface.
CREDIT CARDS -- Major cards accepted.
Before the capital improvement project that got under way in the 1997-98 fiscal year, he said, it had been 20 years since there was any major construction on the four campuses.
would start requesting would make it possible to assess how quickly and at what price each market maker in each stock executed trades.
Identity was a unifying theme as well.
He takes a chair at Father Pete's table.
For security reasons, do not plant large clumps of dense bushes near the house.
With five of the Council's seven members expressing reservations about Plan A, its referral to other agencies seems unlikely.
Experienced homebuyers, they look the houses over carefully.
Human rights issues never win presidential campaigns, but character will surely be important in this one.
LOUISIANA STATE 54, AUBURN 52 Katrina Hibbert had 21 points - including six 3-pointers - and 5 assists to lead No.
Open for dinner by reservation only.
Someone in the kitchen is terribly infatuated with a dessert billed as ''palette of sorbets,'' because it was sent out to my table, unsolicited, on three occasions.
Collaborative Arts Project 21 Theater.
The P.S.B., however, seemed more beholden to provincial powers in southern China, which are widely suspected not only of tolerating piracy but also of organizing it.
The zoo has tamarin monkeys, polar bears, colobus monkeys, gentoo penguins, chinstrap penguins and red pandas.
One of the most infamous license restrictions came attached to Microsoft Agent, a product that helped programmers create little animated helpers on the screen.
c5, but maybe he should have taken his time to get more pieces into play with 12 .
Thousands of men from around the country travel there in August and September to buy large quantities from farmers who have plucked the summer's yield of bugs from their fields.
In his suicide letter he bitterly blamed Fidel Castro for all his troubles, including his death.
Like many entrepreneurs, Kenneth Rocco has met the influx by hiring more Brazilians at his travel agency, Monica Travel, which also wires money and offers long-distance telephone services.
Although critics of the town plan say that it falls short, they also praise the town for proposing any program at all.
It was then that electronic commerce created a new arena for traditional business practices and several patents were granted that appeared to give exclusivity for such practices to some Web-only companies.
''We are one of the most crowded of the City University divisions, with one of the lowest square-foot-per-student allocations,'' said Dr. Lynch, president of the college.
Yesterday she just went at me.
''He is independent from the mayor, he's independent from us, he's a very independent man,'' Ms. Weingarten said.
Current adventures, aimed at 6- to 12-year-olds, include an archfiend who hangs out with his flunkies in the sewer, and an elaborate dressing ritual each time Miles Peterson transforms himself into Bibleman.
''The trick is to do everything you can in as short a period of time to win a championship,'' said Accorsi, ''but if you do, the slip will come.
But few of them are using their financial success to act as theatrical producers or philanthropists.
She entered practice in 1976 and in 1995 was made a queen's counsel, a title held by only 10 percent of English lawyers.
And a Schrafft's devotee could recognize the restaurant's 1928 brass and iron staircase, and the marble trim around the second-floor elevator.
Mr. Fizer checks the water supply on board from a panel on the front of the plane's wing.
It was Saturday, and as usual an Israeli patrol below drove down its looping maintenance road on its twice-daily tour to check the fence and an old border gate that had been used during Israel's 20-year occupation of southern Lebanon.
TOMORROW, 12:30 p.m. www.webmd.com Chat about eating healthily and avoiding the temptation to overeat during the holidays.
A Bell Atlantic spokesman declined to comment.
The ice was broken, Ms. Kirsch said, ''and from then on it was easy as pie.''
She is the new secretary.
Choosing AOL as the default service allows the software to rewrite settings so that the computer automatically dials AOL, instead of asking users to manually select AOL as the dialer each time they go on line.
General Motors is revamping the overseas distribution network that John Smith, a former Cadillac general manager in Detroit, once described as a ''loose, spontaneous confederation'' and converting importers to factory-franchised dealerships, of which there are currently 87 in Europe and 700 in 70 countries worldwide.
Our third game was a cakewalk, and in our next game, we knocked off one of the two teams tied for first place.
By now, however, she should know that appearance matters, especially as she paves the first campaign trail for a president's wife.
Success story or cautionary tale?
''Part of my responsibility is to explain our judgments so the country can evaluate them.''
''I'll take that,'' I said.
Operating power equipment, such as a lawn mower, within 100 feet of the hive, or any movement within 50 feet, can set the bees off.
CEDAR WALTON TRIO, Village Vanguard, 178 Seventh Avenue South, at 11th Street, Greenwich Village, (212) 255-4037.
An Outsider in the Art World When the weather warms, Mr. Varick sits on a blanket or a piece of cardboard, usually near Zabar's on Broadway, near 81st Street, where he creates and sells several sculptures a day.
The Brewers had lost five in a row.
's cooperation -- over its power plant emissions.
Flash floods washed out roads, inundated homes and killed at least two people early today after more than a foot of rain swamped east-central Missouri.
While some analysts were cheered by the fourth quarter, a Bear, Stearns analyst, Gary Schneider, said he was waiting for the company to clearly lay out its strategy for moving into the faster-growing digital world from the slower-growing core business of film and paper.
for six FM and three AM stations serving Joliet and Crystal Lake, Ill., and Kenosha and Racine, Wis. NextMedia, based in Denver, also plans to acquire an AM and FM station in Waukegan, Ill., for $9.4 million from Belvidere Broadcasting, an affiliate of Marathon Media.
That was according to several people in the room.
The missing civilian complaints, which had been substantiated by the board, had never been sent to the Police Department, which decides discipline in part based on review board findings.
And that's a view that tends to blame the victim.
She had plans for her dream,'' he says, referring to the Coby Foundation, which she established in 1996 to honor her mother, an embroiderer who was nicknamed Coby after a favorite radio character.
''I know that the society we had in East Germany was a lie,'' Mr. Sonntag, a 50-year-old engineer, said.
State Senator Randolph Townsend, who represents the city and is the chairman of the Legislature's commerce and labor committee, said the state is considering incentives ranging from state contracts to reductions in fuel taxes and landing fees to obliging airlines, including start-up regional carriers like Allegiant Air, based in Fresno, Calif. Never mind that such proposals run counter to the free-market ideology that dominates politics here; loss of direct air service could ''really hurt in the long run,'' Mr. Townsend said, even though job and income-growth statistics in the Reno area have yet to show definite signs of weakening.
TRAVEL Tech 2010 What straddles the line between science fiction and science nonfiction in this techno-friendly age?
''But luckily we both had happy endings.''
An adjacent construction site suggested further disruptions to come.
On March 3, students at several city schools walked out to protest the verdict.
MICHAEL JOHNSON, a spokesman for Britain's Automobile Association, on gasoline prices.
A real estate broker in the Westchester suburbs, Mrs. McTeigue will arrive at the commuter station Saturday morning to pick up her weekly batch of Manhattanites come to find their suburban castles.
News Corporation was expected to earn 24 cents a depositary receipt, the average estimate of two analysts surveyed by First Call/Thomson Financial.
A10 A Chechen Leader Is Seized President Vladimir V. Putin said Russia had captured Salman Raduyev, left, a notorious Chechen warlord, and had taken him to Moscow, where he will be held pending trial.
''Whether we get an agreement or not, they have tried,'' the president said.
In the meantime, all hail the new dis-ingenue.
Japan's overwhelming policy priority throughout much of this period was rapid economic growth, a concentration on gross national product, leading the ruling party's ideology to be dubbed G.N.P.ism by some.
Blatter also said that all club soccer would stop between June 15 and July 15 to allow national team competitions to take place.
Smoking in hospitals is a tradition from Soviet times.
THE LAST DANCE CBS, Sunday night at 9 The world portrayed in ''The Last Dance,'' Sunday's pleasantly smarmy television movie on CBS, is an almost perfect place.
Our answer was simple: ''We just don't have enough data from you.''
The Clinton administration tipped the scales in favor of Mr. Kohler this week when it agreed to support him.
The Mariners' previous longest game by innings at home was a 17-inning game with Cleveland in the Kingdome on July 30, 1998.
Jennifer Larmore brings her rich, dusky mezzo-soprano voice, deft way with coloratura roulades and endearing stage presence to the title role of ''La Cenerentola,'' Rossini's retelling of the Cinderella story, at the Metropolitan Opera.
The growth of the Internet and other data communications has placed unparalleled demands on the communications infrastructure.
In desperation, women invented the shopping list.
ST. PETER'S EPISCOPAL CHURCH Carillon Concert, featuring John Widman, guest carillonneur.
Mr. DeMarco, Ocean Spray's third-largest shareholder, has operated about 800 acres of cranberry bogs in New Jersey since 1965.
We got to know each other, and that lead to our first feature, 'Spicy Love Soup.'
The attractions here are the perfor-mances, the milieu and Tak Fujimoto's cinematography, proving that film noir looks great in black.
Nor did Smits have the 16 rebounds of Dale Davis.
The country will adjust very quickly.
The music channels are hardly balking at all the exposed flesh.
''He has three weeks already for the 2002-3 season.
Although Serena was able to muscle the blast back, Venus Williams took the short ball and zipped it across the net at an unreturnable angle.
He said that 25 laundries had signed the new agreement and that the union would go on strike against any unionized laundries that refused to sign.
ENCOURAGING SIGN -- Ideally, I wish there were no need for groups and concert spaces that specialize in contemporary music.
(Sometimes difficult: For 500 points, name any other book in which not one but two characters are insurance claim adjusters.
The work, he said, has strengthened his interest in becoming a lawyer.
The Pierson team joked around.
The bus barreled into one fence.
Or listen to Felipe Perez Roque, foreign minister of, er, Cuba: ''Those in the United States who have always tried to become judges of the elections that take place elsewhere must be receiving a lesson of modesty and humbleness.''
They're trying to drape a park over it and say it will have no impact.
They are well located, and things will only get better.''
Their sons, Sam and Jackson, play behind them.
Bristling with karmic vibes and perched on the back of a yelping lion (his face almost all mouth), she is a ''folk'' image of a kind that has only recently received museum recognition.
The European Union decided not to appeal its loss.
The Florida Marlins, who won the World Series only three years ago, will receive about $15 million, same as the Milwaukee Brewers, placing them third among the recipients.
He has the courage and the commitment.
Michael Wines (NYT) RUSSIA: BLAIR'S VISIT No.
They say that would discriminate against small European companies that already pay the tax while their small rivals abroad would not.
And he and several other school officials acknowledged that if they wanted to persuade state legislatures to increase financing for their financially strapped districts, they needed to push for some of the changes that legislators wanted.
Torres said he had consulted with Maradona's personal physician, who said the condition had not been detected in previous checkups.
An estate of any size can be bequeathed to a spouse free of any estate tax.
''I think it is impossible to be implemented unilaterally under the circumstances,'' said Shlomo Gazit, a retired general who was the first coordinator of the Israeli operation in the occupied territories.
''When people come up to me and say, 'You're better than Barbra Streisand,' I smile and say, 'Thank you,' and say to myself, 'They don't know what they're talking about.'
He was a forceful advocate for the disabled and the poor, and personally intervened to help settle labor disputes by pressing for workers' rights.
To some news producers, the number of celebrities with causes has become dizzying.
''We've been working really hard since that Duke loss last year,'' Tamika Catchings, Tennessee's national player of the year, said on Saturday after her team dismantled Virginia in the Mideast Regional semifinal in Memphis.
It brought a smile to my face and touched my heart.
''We have to realize that the Iraqi opposition has no credibility in the region,'' said retired Gen. Anthony Zinni of the Marines, who until recently headed the American military command in charge of the Persian Gulf region.
On the east side Mr. St. Florian has placed a broad entrance ramp from 17th Street NW, and on the west a waterfall that is adjacent to the Reflecting Pool, the long expanse of water that points toward the Lincoln Memorial.
During the war, said the singer, Trinh Cong Son, that image symbolized the nation's poverty and moral degradation, although -- still a romantic -- he conceded that love might also have been involved.
The $25 million sale of the three headquarters buildings -- known as the Nemours, Brandywine and Tatnall buildings -- to a development partnership had some residents of this company town wondering whether the mainstay citizen for almost a century was packing up.
We mourn the loss of our dear friend, Hilda.
The phrase ''back to school'' has acquired new meaning here.
Central bank officials said last week that sluggish consumer spending and private investment, rising oil prices and the deteriorating value of the baht endangered the country's recovery from a two-year recession that began in 1997.
Relatives and friends are invited to attend the memorial service St. Peters Church, 271 Roseland Ave. Essex Fells, New Jersey on Friday at 1:00 PM.
A 1997 study by the General Accounting Office found the Education Department slow to monitor compliance with the 1990 campus security law and said it had not fined a single college for failure to report a crime.
It said it had developed a security system that was to be installed at the home of Yasir Arafat.
Initially reticent when the topic of the engagement came up in an interview, Mr. Bush later acknowledged that it had been a very difficult time.
''A drowning man will reach for a straw,'' Williams said of Casey.
Fassel, whose job status was an issue before the Giants began the season, did not say what upset him, but when asked if players were complacent, Fassel replied: ''I don't know.
Reflecting its transformation, the company subsequently changed its name to Primerica.
The dining room set (right, $22) is by Dakota Jackson, the living room (far right, $22) includes pieces by Karim Rashid, Ron Arad and Keiser-Newman.
2 United States baby food producer.
You've just got to try to stay patient and focused.''
The Lions open the regular season Sept. 3 against New Orleans.
No one has produced evidence that Elian's father, Juan Miguel Gonzalez, is anything but a loving father.
14, absorbed a 109-66 drubbing from UConn last Nov. 26 as Bird recorded 10 assists.
''And because of that, we reached an agreement with Shell with their complete cooperation, to handle it the way we did.''
For information, The Jacob A. Holle Funeral Home, 2122 Milburn Avenue, Maplewood, New Jersey.
Our table on a patio shaded by trees in peak fall foliage overlooked Deering Harbor, where several sailboats were waiting to be pulled onto dry land for winter.
DO IT YOURSELF -- Lug your PC or laptop into a room with a television and a phone jack to take advantage of the increasing number of services that synchronize special Web sites to broadcast programs.
For his part, however, Strawberry said he no longer wanted to save himself.
Like most French games, it's aesthetically gorgeous -- the interactive love child of ''Blade Runner'' and ''The Fifth Element,'' with a soundtrack by David Bowie.
Lucky,'' starring Cary Grant as a suave gambler, which inspired a television series of the same name, sponsored by Lever Brothers, that ran on CBS during the 1959-60 season.
Gunson Scott, a British Airways pilot on a layover in Chicago, glanced at the signs and kept moving.
Alan F. Holmer, president of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, said drug companies opposed the legislation because ''it would put American patients at risk by making it easier for counterfeit, adulterated or subpotent medicines to enter the country.''
Promoted Shap Boyd to defensive coordinator and Rick Humphreys to linebackers and special teams coach.
''Somebody had to come down here and tell the truth,'' Mr. Shanahan said.
The facts have been given, most recently, in Christoph Wolff's invaluable new book ''Johann Sebastian Bach: The Learned Musician,'' and Mr. Wolff's conclusions were outlined in a program note.
But not only does ''Die Zauberflote'' tell a better story; the action, with its magic flute and glockenspiel, is also custom-made for music.
As another protest sign said, ''It may be legal, but is it moral?''
''Because of your hard work, your ingenuity and your sacrifice, the New York City of today barely resembles the New York City of four years ago.''
Others leave the hospital with a shopping bag of drugs and a mother overwhelmed by her own myriad problems, and do not make it to their first birthday.
At the same time, Gombrowicz knows that we cannot do without forms and structures, that absolute autonomy is unattainable and ''man is profoundly dependent on the reflection of himself in another man's soul, be it even the soul of an idiot.''
The Street of the Benevolent Jesus traverses an area of restaurants and nightclubs just off the docks of this port city of 1.5 million people.
Put bluntly, the two former Southern governors were both competitive and uneasy with each other.
''And I ran into the locker room, put it in Wilt's duffel bag, and covered it with a zillion towels,'' Millman said.
''From a public-relations standpoint, we've got to point out that the Electoral College does not meet until Dec. 18,'' said Senator Tom Harkin, Democrat of Iowa, who is close to Mr. Gore.
Inside, were seven young men from the reservation in sagging slacks.
The six chamber pieces on Continuum's program all showed features that are both characteristic of Mr. Sierra and useful: harmonic textures that are open and bright without being traditionally tonal; bouncy rhythms, often crossing over one another, that come dancing out of the composer's native Puerto Rico; deft instrumentation; and a gift for distinctive gestures that can twist and turn to create streamlined forms.
In play on Friday and Saturday the host country scored a convincing victory in this year's event.
Maria and her siblings grew up in a one-bedroom walk-up.
''Motherless Brooklyn,'' repeated a voice we didn't know.
When Aquaculture Technologies goes clamming, it is a relatively high-tech operation, with special dredges that jet high-pressure water into the bay bottom, blowing away sand and exposing the buried clams, which are then scooped up.
The players made their remarks Saturday evening after long flights from the United States.
The evening, which begins at 8 at the school, 8 West Eighth Street, will offer exhibitions of work by students and alumni.
It can readily accompany steaks and chops, rotisserie duck and pastas dusted, say, with fresh first-quality Parmesan cheese.
Its residents are among the poorest in the city.
This family saga is told like a polyphonic fugue: the novel as written by the author is labeled ''I write''; it is a fictionalized version of the story told by the author's father, which is labeled ''my father writes.''
In May 1994, a 10-year-old who said he had been taunted by classmates admitted to fatally shooting a fifth-grade boy.
''The guy with the biggest checkbook is the one that wins,'' he said.
''To the extent that there's people out there carping,'' he said, ''that's just normal.''
My common sense tells me that some license has been taken.
Today, during a visit to the Stevenson Elementary School here in Bellevue, a suburb about 10 miles east across Lake Washington from downtown Seattle, the public school proposal was the first issue raised when Mr. Cheney ended his short speech and held and question-and-answer session with the audience.
Parish House Theater, Pleasantdale Presbyterian Church, 662 Eagle Rock Avenue, West Orange.
It was never easy being John McEnroe on a tennis court, but today he found out that living through someone else can be much worse.
And he suggests that non-Hispanic Americans might grow more accepting of the Latino presence if they recall earlier fears of Irish, Italian and Jewish immigrants.
He said he hoped that the potential income from the latest patent would promote an environment in which researchers will take risks.
Back then, it was determined that the Red, Blue and Green Rooms would reflect the best of American design between 1800 and 1825, though Teddy Roosevelt's Colonial Revival interiors were retained for the East Room and the State Dining Room.
GARRISON -- Self-guided hikes at Manitoga, home of Russel Wright.
''Now I'm going to be able to buy a lot more shares at a lower price,'' he added.
Getting out the vote has been a factor in elections since the invention, practically, of democracy itself.
Mr. Vanderbilt's survivors include his wife, the former Frances M. Philips; a son, Oliver DeGray Vanderbilt Jr. of Molokai, Hawaii; a daughter, Madelon V. Peck of Altadena, Calif.; eight grandchildren and eight great-grandchildren.
She helped plant a tree in front of the store and she would share her doughnuts and coffee and trinkets from the couple's trips to New Orleans and other places, Ms. Majeed said.
Rarely, when colleagues are leaning against him, he makes a personal appeal.
Jennifer Williams scored 13 points for New Mexico (5-4).
''You know, these arrangements can also work the other way,'' Mrs. Brown said.
''I am prepared to put this institution through greater scrutiny,'' Mr. Varone said.
21 the Associated Press poll) outlasted Michigan (No.
''We've turned over one-third of the portfolio in the last 18 months.''
And home-repair companies in France, where the most damage was concentrated, saw their shares rise as investors bet that the storms would bolster sales.
Despite good reviews and consistently good scripts, ''Grosse Pointe'' is not doing very well in the ratings.
Yet law firm associates aren't the only ones defecting these days.
Most recently, as wealth from the new economy has poured into the nonprofit sector, business reporters are taking more interest in questions like the tax implications of giving.
Florida's panhandle, which stretches far west of the peninsula, is in the Central, rather than Eastern, time zone, and so the polls there remain open an hour later than the rest of the state.
Brasillach was a famous novelist, poet and polemicist of the 1930's who turned into a literary collaborator of the Nazis during their occupation of France.
Newark didn't begin becoming the preponderantly black city that it is today until about 1950, the time I was leaving for college.
Richard C. Madigan, director of Latin American investments for Offitbank, said the explosive growth in Latin American Internet companies over the last year was speculative and ultimately unsustainable.
Reveling in his untamed image, he followed up with songs like ''Feast of the Mau-Mau'' and ''Alligator Wine.''
''We want this great corporation to understand that their success should mean that new technology should work properly before it's foisted upon the public.''
''Once Fidel's got his arm around him, there's no way he can be acting honestly,'' said Gustavo Roca, one of the protesters outside the immigration service building.
The officer, Christopher Ventura, went to the home of Ramon Rivera Jr. on Classon Avenue near Lafayette Avenue in Clinton Hill about 7:30 p.m. after Mr. Rivera, 46, shot himself in the head, said Sgt.
KANE ALEXANDER, Firebird Cafe, 363 West 46th Street, Clinton, (212) 586-0244.
But I'm not going to let people feel that we've arrived.
I've done well with the chances that people have given me.
Scattered among the letters, however, was isolated support for those who decided to go back.
Reading material includes such seminal tomes as Graeme Aitken's ''Fifty Ways of Saying Fabulous'' and Le Mot Juste, a dictionary of classical and foreign words and phrases, including the correct spellings for ''zeitgeist,'' ''tchotchke'' and ''corps de ballet.''
Only one year separates the two players, but for the older Hingis, 20, her path to fame has made the difference in her maturity, development and level of success.
But economics often involves political choices.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in Ms. Shalala's speeches.
''We have built a very complex private network that includes satellite elements that sends content out to the edge.''
AT&T's sales will probably top $55 billion.
While the other players are modifying video-game machines to act more like PC's, Microsoft is doing the opposite.
Mr. Gemignani said that moment clinched his career.
''And we don't want to see this young man get hurt again.''
The next year, the American Embassies in Kenya and Tanzania were bombed, killing 224, of whom 12 were American.
''I have a sister waiting to come over,'' he said.
House Democrats and administration officials said Mr. Matsui's comments were intended to pressure Speaker J. Dennis Hastert to schedule a floor vote on the issue before the Memorial Day recess, when members of Congress return to their districts and could be subject to more intense lobbying.
MICHAEL JORDAN TO THE MAX -- The basketball star on and off the court on a giant Imax screen.
''Otherwise the people will lose confidence in the government and the party will lose its legitimacy.''
Survived by his wife, Constance Cryer Ecklund, four children and four grandchildren.
A Damanhurian candidate won the mayoral election in nearby Vidracco last year, and the commune has town councilors in half a dozen other small villages, worrying some locals who fear that the commune, which keeps buying land, will soon rule the area.
Everything went bad,'' says Snoopy.
The temperamental indie-punk pioneer returns to bring his moody, majestic rock to loyal fans.
In the 80's, the 300,000-square-foot Empire was transformed yet again, into a dimly lighted clublike place where on most nights marijuana smoke laced the air.
''I was a little disturbed by this,'' Ms. Schlager said.
The attraction of American universities for the half-million foreign students who study in them each year is another source of our soft power.
I didn't realize it, but Conover's struggle was winding down.
In late 1995, Mr. Rainwater and his wife, Darla Moore, paid $69.7 million for a 12.3 percent stake in Magellan Health.
Or he could ask for an unaffiliated ballot and then use it to vote either Democrat or Republican.
''He's a good kid,'' Henderson said.
(The case, in 1977, involved the sale of a Bronx building to a federally financed drug rehabilitation program.
It's been something indescribable that's happened to me.''
He took up arms against Mr. Rahmonov in 1992 as a top military commander of the United Tajik Opposition, a loose coalition of Islamic forces, democratic movements and regional bosses long excluded from power who were seeking to overthrow the post-Soviet hangers-on and the regional clans they served.
This argument appears to have made absolutely no headway so far, though it turns out to contain a fair amount of truth.
''No one seems to care until they have a crisis.
Crowley (D) Nay Yea Yea 8.
The dilapidated homes that had flooded the Harlem market have something in common: they were bought by real estate speculators in 1998 and 1999 and resold days or weeks later at inflated prices to obscure nonprofit groups with scant experience in rehabilitating housing.
Label executives say they offer musicians invaluable marketing and promotion, adding that they can perform these services much better than musicians or their managers can on their own.
A lot of people have a lot of ideas, but not a lot of people have the time and energy it takes to put a program together.''
Thursday, 4 p.m. to 7 p.m. Free.
''It speaks to a highly intelligent, motivated audience -- people who buy books and will respond to an intelligent dialogue about them.
She photographed respondents in their homes, offering each a $50 fee.
That Sprewell had the nerve to keep shooting after such a poor start was a testament to his faith in himself.
There are simply no modern dancers in City Ballet.
Earlier this winter, when Peter Hart asked his quintessential swing voter what one question she would put to Gore, Cullison replied: ''Are you going to be the same person tomorrow, the same person all four years?'
''Jonathan put his arm around her.
Freeing trade, privatizing government companies and limiting government spending were once seen as main ingredients.
That is less than a percentage point ahead of a money market fund over that time.
They noted that revenue for the quarter was off 3.8 percent, to $24.18 billion, from $25.18 billion a year ago, more than most analysts had expected.
What Yale provided was one of the most generous workshop and residency environments ever for dancers, with technical support and a three-week stage run for each installment.
Mediums for two people are $87.37, and large claws for two are $137.95, including shipping and mustard sauce.
''If people have problems in a family and sweep them under the rug and don't deal with them openly and honestly,'' he said, ''they're just going to fester.''
Their late-season offer to Neagle nevertheless remains on the table.
''If someone has an idea for an online business, they can either execute the idea or try to become a telephone company,'' he said.
Your independence, courage and compassion will be an inspiration forever.
Gilman (R) Yea Yea Yea Nay Nay 21.
They said that she stepped outside after opening a door from the garage so that the car's carbon monoxide fumes would enter the house.
The judge cut the six-year sentence by a year after Ms. Patavino publicly apologized for the first time.
Oct. 12 UPTON -- ''Fifth Annual Pine Barrens Research Forum''; also, Oct. 13; Berkner Hall, Brookhaven National Laboratory, Floyd Parkway.
Deidre Gruhin of Glen Ridge said she had been waiting around two hours for her car to be inspected.
To the Editor: The Russian economy has indeed improved, but Anders Aslund (Op-Ed, Jan. 18) overdoes it.
Then, in what seemed to be an attempt to gain support from Islamic militants abroad, they demanded that the United States release Ramzi Yousef, who is serving a 240-year sentence for the bombing of the World Trade Center in New York in 1993.
Mr. Brill added that he waited to announce Mr. Kuhn's appointment as executive editor to avoid ''stepping on'' the story about the Contentville partnership.
Passionate about the care and stewardship of land and wildlife habitat, he and his wife supported the S.C. Coastal Conservation League, Ducks Unlimited, Tall Timbers Research, the LowCountry Open Land Trust and the S.C. Waterfowl Association.
More a Cohan songfest (''Give My Regards to Broadway,'' ''You're A Grand Old Flag,'' ''Over There'') than an interesting narrative or structured musical, the show was Gateway's choice for this season.
Olin Downes in The New York Times praised the tenderness and charm of Steber's singing but said it lacked ''the color, the sensuousness, the outbursts of passion and of vain regrets.''
So are most of the big Fifth Avenue retailers: B. Altman, Arnold Constable, Best & Company, Bonwit Teller and De Pinna.
When Christie's put the sale together month ago, there were no major estates, and as a result they had to convince sellers that now was the right time to get top dollar.
Langdon, 29, who had spent his entire six-year career with the Rangers, played 21 games last season with an assist and 26 penalty minutes before an abdominal strain ended his season on Feb. 23.
A memorial service will be held at Congregation Emanu-el on Sunday, April 16 at 4PM.
Then he really stunned me by asking, ''Must I tell you exactly how many times?''
That may have been because Chief Justice Wells, apparently its primary proponent on the Florida court, agreed to go along with a unanimous ruling that ordered recounts in three heavily Democratic counties be included in Florida's tally.
Born and reared in California, Woods would love to win at Pebble Beach, one of the world's most picturesque courses.
It was really strange: the points keep passing and you don't realize if it's going to be O.K.
Do you give opinions of movies without seeing them, just the way you do about books, when all you've read are reviews?
Isherwood never stopped moving, or writing: stories, novels, film scripts and the notorious flight to America in 1939 with Auden.
Period detail (the setting is London in the mid-1940's) is sumptuously heightened by the inspired costume designer Sandy Powell (''Shakespeare in Love'') (Maslin).
Before he was killed, even Jean Dominique, once a close friend of Aristide's, hadn't spoken to Aristide in person in more than four years, except for one brief encounter at a party.
But now he is fulfilling a longtime dream and moving to Bedford, joining celebrities like Ralph Lauren and Glenn Close.
I'd buy some mimeographed poetry rag at the Gotham Book Mart and repair to a table in a far corner of a cafeteria.
While such advice may appear rather obvious, he said, there are a great many incidents of increased levels of carbon monoxide inside the home that are caused by the migration of fumes from the garage to the living space.
She takes advantage of the luxury she has in this volume (IDG Books Worldwide, $35) to unbutton her rich creativity and offer variation upon variation for classic dishes.
''It's almost like a steppingstone till they get their driver's license,'' he said.
The performances and discussions will be in the Great Hall at Cooper Union, on Third Avenue at Seventh Street in the East Village.
Mr. Lazio had been caught off guard when Gov.
''I still can't comprehend that us local boys confronted an elected government.
Before the turn of the century, the 20th century, paper was made of organic materials such as cotton and linen.
Training exercises for reservists were quietly discontinued.
While Woods made three birdies and an eagle on the back nine, Gogel, a 28-year-old tour rookie looking for his first victory, collapsed with four bogeys on his final nine holes, squandering a commanding lead and becoming another of Woods's many victims.
Mr. Massoud, too, depends on local commanders who sometimes show up to fight and sometimes do not.
One case, in Sullivan County, has yet to go to trial.
''After it was over, we just split up the money.
And Mr. Westin could be Leo's big brother, or a ''G.M.A.''
(''New Yorkers never really liked Donna Hanover to begin with,'' opined Dick Morris, accusing her of exploiting her marriage to advance her career.)
Ms. Keenan has pledged to improve the state economy and education, emphasizing that improvements in education would help attract new jobs and diversify a state dependent on natural-resource industries like timber and mining.
Mr. Valentin cited arrest reports by three of the defendants that describe Mr. Faison as ''falling out'' while being questioned at police headquarters, and reports by two other defendants that do not mention their presence at the arrest scene at all.
.4:47:09 20491 Zander, D, 40M .
Nabisco Group now sells at a 50 percent discount -- up from 21 percent last summer -- reflecting nothing but the fear of a Reynolds bankruptcy.
Six first-round games beginning at 9:30 a.m. was not practical.
A year after Bertelsmann, the German media conglomerate, appointed an independent group of scholars to examine its disputed history during the Nazi era, the commission issued a preliminary report yesterday that took issue with corporate lore that the Nazis closed the publishing company because of its political opposition.
In contrast to the cheery decorum that prevails at Foodbytes.com, discussions here can get cantankerous, and the moderator, Art Namendorf (a Baptist minister who goes by the Web handle The Artful Diner), sometimes has to step in and separate the participants.
Stewart Cink and Kirk Triplett remained an undefeated tandem.
That technique will be commonplace for everything from books to refrigerators in the world envisioned by Jerry Swartz, the founder and former chief executive of Symbol Technologies, a Holtsville-based company credited with helping to develop the first bar codes and hand-held scanners 25 years ago.
You can almost sense the cigarette smoke rising above lidded eyes in a roomful of regrets and booze.
''I want to give them the opportunity I never had,'' Elder said.
Sirius needs to launch two more satellites, while XM Satellite Radio also needs to launch both of its two planned satellites, which it intends to do from a mobile launching site in the Pacific Ocean -- the first later this year.
It also pushed his music toward a rootlessness that can seem decadent.
You smell it to tell the age.
Hal Sutton and Tom Lehman defeated Michael Campbell and Retief Goosen, 3 and 2.
''They may not like what we have to say, but the way this country works, they have to hear us out,'' said Ras Baraka, a teacher and a plaintiff in the lawsuit.
She graduated cum laude from Barnard College.
TAX EXEMPT TUESDAY Georgia, $266.1 million of general obligation bonds.
Flat water, not gin fizz.
Several said they had not watched the presidential or vice-presidential debates.
''We looked at each other during that drive,'' the senior left guard Jim Jones said, ''and we said, 'These guys can't play with us.'
One of the more important memos circulating was a list of the best pastry and coffee shops in Vienna, compiled by Christian Fleck, a sociologist from Austria.
The autobiography of a professional wrestler known as Mankind.
''Darren is going to be a great player, but he'd be even better if I could get him to lose 20 pounds,'' Harmon said.
The measure, asking voters whether they supported breaking away to form the State of South Jersey, passed easily in five of the six.
Russia also imposed an evening curfew on the entire rebellious republic and announced that every male under the age of 65 traveling around Chechnya would be stopped and questioned.
Crew introduced a Lycra-blend suit in 1995; Mr. Formby estimated that 15 percent of the men's collection this fall will involve stretch.
''It breaks the rhythm of the guys.
Not many people are lucky enough to get the partners they would like to have, he said, ''and so they settle.''
Austin Croshere scored 24 points off the bench and sank 12 of 12 free throws.
To begin, consider a special called shrimp and scallop souffle.
I'll come in on Sundays, even though I don't have to.
So it's not just primarily two guys serving each other off the court.
The production's high point, accordingly, is a dance performed not by either pair of potential lovers but by the sisters.
Mr. Gladstone, 20, a student and self-described activist, planned to vote for Mr. Nader.
''This was one of the toughest races I've ever experienced,'' said Zito, who finished second to Will's Way here with Louis Quatorze in 1996.
The budget includes an additional $400,000 from the reserve fund to fend off a looming deficit in the college's health insurance fund.
The department inspired national outrage in 1991 when several officers were captured on videotape savagely beating Mr. King.
''Couple of meetings,'' he said.
A few weeks ago, Mr. Altfest and his wife moved back to New York to be closer to their children.
In memory of the sweetest, kindest, most generous father ever, whose death one year ago today left an emptiness in my life that can never be filled.
More than 50 years passed, and though Mr. Marx made several trips back to the town, Borgo San Dalmazzo, the two did not meet again until a surprising and touching reunion last year.
But it said the risk was small and it was not aware of any actual tampering.
Instead, only now for the first time, given a coincidental spate of product quality crises, consumers are stepping forward in large numbers demanding accountings from companies for a broad range of defective products.
In addition, he noted that some cases of liver failure occurred so suddenly that even monthly monitoring could not have prevented them.
The coup succeeded only because Iranians who were neither on the American or British payrolls nor under foreign control or guidance seized the initiative to topple Prime Minister Mohammed Mossadegh.
Since I am in the business of archiving photographic collections, the Jan. 30 Long Island Journal column, ''Preserving a Lifetime's Memories on Video,'' was of special interest.
But what to call a student who once considered herself bisexual but has limited lesbian experience and sometimes waffles about her sexual orientation?
Eventually Ms. Plummer returned to school and received her diploma in 1978.
They think, 'Gee, another cellular operator in the world's largest market, which is about to enter the W.T.O.'
After the design had been adjusted to comply with city regulations, the arch went up in July.
.4:24:44 15517 Winter, J, 50M .
Lambertson and his partner, John Truex, who met in 1990 and started their accessories business, Lambertson Truex, in 1998, recently moved from a 2,000-square-foot loft they rented in Chelsea to a one-bedroom apartment they bought in a prosperous building in the West Village.
His arrival in the United States in 1919 was followed by an arduous and willful artistic metamorphosis.
When he is working in the bar, the only man running a place where money, alcohol and loud music flow into the early hours of morning, the customers who catch his attention are the white men who sometimes wander in.
IF you find yourself hankering to travel with Fido, Tweety or whatever you have dubbed your pet, and you're feeling apologetic about your obsessive attachment, drop the angst.
(It says a lot about the state of the British film industry that this request should have gone to an American.)
As a result, many of rai music's most popular musicians, including the stars of ''100 Percent Arabica,'' now live in exile in Paris.
It has created some wonderful stories.''
Security officers immediately called the South Orange Fire Department, whose headquarters is a mile away.
*How appealing was a recent offer made by the Sprint Communications Company to give buyers of a Sprint PCS telephone and a calling plan a free ''pre-owned phone''?
The Clinton administration today sought to build momentum for the vote after two Congressional committees strongly endorsed the measure Wednesday.
I have seen it three times in the last five years, and each time the work seems to deepen in meaning.
At the heart of the technique is what Dr. Abrams calls ''one of the weird quantum effects.''
A victory next year will be more prestigious; the marathon will award money for the first time.
''Which I have been doing my whole life!''
From his extraordinarily careful handling of the issue, one might conclude that Mr. Bush harbored deep reservations about vouchers.
Simmer, whisking until mixture is slightly thickened, smooth and ivory in color.
Among the charges the Wilsons level at each other are, in Laskin's catalog, ''domestic violence, insanity, alcohol abuse, mental cruelty and infidelity.''
Mr. Sidhu argues that Oracle is not in his company's league technologically.
Mr. Long, who is China's vice trade minister, complained that China was being asked to concede more in the trade arena than other developing countries.
Within the legal constraints -- pastors, liturgy and church construction are subject to official controls, public proselytizing is forbidden and children may not be baptized, for example -- many followers say they enjoy genuine Christian worship.
Oregon health officials said reports from doctors and patients' families indicated that those who used the state's Death with Dignity Act did so out of a desire to have some control over the way they died.
May they be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.
It was the only moral outcome, said Pat Jones, 53, who came here from Clayton, Ga., to support the recount.
The company lost 96 cents a share in the quarter.
''Father, brothers, farewell,'' she cries, sweeping into her aria.
And the people familiar with the inquiry said the Army had thus far found only one man who made the crucial contention that there were orders to slaughter the civilians as they huddled in a railroad-trestle culvert at No Gun Ri: Edward Daily.
Ferocious winds in December compounded the damage from an oil spill, and fossil fuels underlie both assaults.
At the century's beginning, the Arts and Crafts movement rode high, emphasizing the importance of ''common objects.''
There is no such thing as a part-time scout, just like there is no such thing as a part-time coach.
If there were a large influx of openings from a merger like Computer Associates and Sterling, he said, there would not be enough local talent to fill those jobs.
The event was the final fund-raiser in Mr. Gore's drive for about $34 million for his own campaign.
What poor nations have are trucks puffing out pesticide -- something New Yorkers are now enduring as West Nile reaches Central Park.
Democrats argue that prosperity will still sway voters come Election Day and note that Mr. Clinton has consistently won extraordinarily high approval ratings for his stewardship of the economy.
The story of Jim Clark, a technical and financial pioneer in the computer world.
Here, the cheap, relatively flavorful, and popular food of normal daily life is sold by the ton.
Butter is a major component in the pastries, but so are more esoteric ingredients.
So when I explain things, they listen to me.''
And about a minute or two later, I turn it up another notch.
We extend our deep condolences to his children.
George W. Bush of Texas -- derided the move as an improper intrusion of politics into the marketplace.
Mr. Estrin's Russian immigrant parents, Paul and Lillian Estrin, bought the shop in 1954 and ran it as a one-counter convenience store called Joy's Self-Service.
In 1999, taxpayers could deduct $2,750 from their adjusted gross income for each dependent.
The veteran offensive lineman Jumbo Elliott and his teammate Jason Fabini were spared jail time by a Nassau County judge for instigating a summer bar brawl that injured several patrons and three police officers.
And so the magazine has its subhead: ''sex, death and rock and roll.''
Mr. Bush took 53 percent of the vote in Virginia; Mr. McCain won 44 percent and Alan Keyes took 3 percent.
''We love to help everyone, to show them the better, more professional way,'' Ms. Borovski said.
''We'll do it in one take, which shouldn't be a problem.
''I think that he and then Vice President Gore will be in a better position to debate this in a way that's responsible and, I think, informed,'' he said.
Any chance that he would be reinstated through arbitration ended Thursday when it was decided that there was not enough time for the N.F.L.
In the 11th minute, she blocked a clearing pass by Brazil's Tania, chested the ball toward the goal and spun a shot that nicked the post.
In the words of Warren Schein, the president of the Chamber of Commerce for nine years, ''We have to help each other so the community is a better place to live.''
Where once everyone seemed to be treated more or less the same, merchants and marketers are focusing on the affluent.
Sanchez, seemingly upset, sat next to Chaney for a few minutes and then went to the end of the bench.
The company says it will not charge either buyers or sellers a handling fee or a commission.
The plan will reduce G.M.
Welles and his screenwwriter in ''Kane,'' Herman Mankiewicz, crafted a character from boyhood to old age: the heart-breaking cycle of trauma, elation, megalomania, failure and despair.
But Viagra was not the issue.
That supposition was turned on its head Sunday when the game between St. Louis, the No.
Robert Koren, area manager, does not say that any of the three resorts bars children.
Sometimes they get distracted, and the tart goes awry.
''I won't even venture to guess what's in his heart of hearts,'' Mr. Neel said of the vice president.
''There is constant pressure from the top to the bottom for performance, performance and performance, an insistence on increases in summonses, an insistence on the number of arrests and a constant change of tours that many cops are tired of,'' said Thomas Scotto, president of the Detectives Endowment Association.
.4:13:17 12800 Johnson, J, 37M .
I felt like I didn't have a worry in the world.
In New York, the euro settled at 89.50 cents, down from 90.13 cents on Tuesday.
The Sox also got no hits today from the fourth, fifth and sixth hitters, who bat after Thomas.
And as long as he does not overdo the spraying, he may be helping to save lives.''
Carter came back with a meaner disposition, a player who got in your face if he felt you were trying to undercut him.
Also from Mr. O'Brien: ''Al Gore's campaign manager is now asking for the ballots in four Florida districts to be counted by hand.
But the Mets' public withdrawal last week wounded Rodriguez's feelings, and it is highly unlikely that he would consider them again.
The company uses music, dance and routines taken from film and television to give us the action in the idiom of modern entertainment, while its fidelity to Shakespeare's language brings his idiom closer to us than any traditional performance could.
Some activities are preventive, scheduled before chowing down on Thursday; like the Townwide Fund of Huntington ''Four-Mile Run'' and ''One-Kilometer Fun Run'' at 9 a.m. and 8:30 a.m., respectively, from the American Legion Hall on Route 110 in Halesite (631) 427-9011, or the Port Washington ''Thanksgiving Day Five-Mile Classic'' at 8:30 a.m. from Manorhaven Park (516) 883-5599.
Judge Sauls gave Mr. Gore no quarter in a ruling that dismissed every legal argument advanced by the vice president's legal team.
Mr. Pearce counsels Schwab on ''executive communication'' and teaches leadership at the Haas School of Business at the University of California at Berkeley, sometimes with Mr. Pottruck.
Now, two centuries after Jefferson's heyday, wines of quality are at last being produced from classic vinifera grapes here at Barboursville, only 20 miles northeast of Monticello, and other vineyards around the state.
But in another important measure of strength, the Giuliani campaign said it had $7 million to $8 million in the bank, while the Clinton campaign said it had nearly $5 million.
The Negative Numbers Jump Not long after Mrs. Clinton signaled her interest in the Senate early last year, polls showed that the percentage of Americans who had a negative opinion of her jumped from the low 20's, where her unfavorable numbers had fallen during the sex scandal, to nearly 40 percent.
He has a full range of options, and his final decision will be made in concurrence with the board's wishes.''
You could see a little frustration.
But at dinner, in response to a barbed assertion from a Swiss physicist that Germany had all but lost the war, Heisenberg retorted, ''It would have been so beautiful if we had won.''
Tagliabue will then ask Belichick and the Jets if they would like to add anything to their written contentions -- and invite them to his office in person.
Some teachers, parents and child development experts say the increased focus on reading and math has come at the expense of play, and risks souring children on school at an age when the goal has traditionally been to socialize them to it.
If they could be coaxed to become islet cells, we would be able to treat every diabetic with an islet cell transplant.
Choose crimson clover and you will have carpets of rich red flowers.
And once she gets it right, it'll be worth the wait for all of us.
The company would not identify the buyer, except to say that members of KB management are involved.
Gerald A. Jones was an 18-year-old with a robbery conviction.
Every Wednesday, Michigan runs a job-hunting workshop here for ex-offenders.
99-603, could well determine the outcome.
Yet just as Telemann adorned his compositional structures with whimsies, so Ms. Kelly mixed formality with fun by having dancers bow at one moment, then frisk and wiggle immediately thereafter.
It managed just 104 yards and 8 first downs.
People like Mr. Yang and Mr. Ji are generally hired on the spot, with little training.
In 1961, he argued before the Supreme Court as part of the legal team that defended the Rev.
One-way fare: $40 to $47.
followers, he is not fixated on his diet.
The illusion of theater is not at work here.
Maybe not, but Pettitte's 88 victories from 1996, when he went 21-8, to this year are the third most in the major leagues during the five-year span.
According to Mr. King, who has written extensively about Mr. O'Brian and who recently completed a biography of him for Henry Holt, Richard Patrick Russ was born on Dec. 12, 1914, in Walden Chalfont St. Peter, a village near London.
''When supply is low, caps drive up prices,'' said Arthur Smadbeck, an owner of Priestly & Smadbeck Real Estate of Tisbury.
For him, Burgundian dishes are perfect partners: ''Coq au vin, boeuf bourguignon, rabbit with mustard, braised ham, chicken with tarragon, steaks .
After dropping five games in a row in the first set, she came back with her own five-game streak at the start of the second and stayed close in the third set before a couple of unforced errors doomed her.
Smith is the guy who grew that garden.
Mothers who say they have no place to leave their children take them to the courthouse.
Horst Kohler, the fund's executive director, says he has ''full confidence'' in Prague's ability to handle the meeting.
Richard N. Kaplan, who has been the president of CNN's United States news-gathering operation since 1997, is expected to announce today that he is leaving the network, executives close to the situation said yesterday.
As a result of the new regulations, he said, he will have to install overhead cranes to lift the steel, requiring him to tear down one of his two factories, and build a new one with 35-foot high ceilings.
Its foliage, which ranges from green to blue-green, turns copper-red in the fall; its flowers are dark red.
It showed how the not-especially-smart son of a Georgian cobbler, who was scorned by Trotsky as ''the most eminent mediocrity in the party,'' consolidated power and how he used it with genocidal fury.
''You kind of go through your batting card,'' said a senior administration official, ''and we had one very strong hitter that we hadn't tried.''
After returning from France, Ms. Kirschhoch lived for several years in Morristown with her parents while working as an editor at small book publishers.
The building's front entrance is accessible only by a footbridge that stretches across Lake Pancoast, but you can drive your convertible right up to the back door.
no matter how the Senate votes.
Take the idea of white zinfandel, at best a bimbo of a wine, give it a Ph.D. during winemaking in Languedoc, and you've got Fortant de France's sophisticated '98 white merlot.
And at least Houston seems more comfortable with the conventional starting lineup.
On the median mutual fund investment, about $38,000, that translates to annual fees of $513, Mr. Wallman said.
Mr. Odeh, a 20-year-old Palestinian policeman, was killed on Monday near Ramallah during an exchange of gunfire with Israeli soldiers that erupted as violent street protests swept the West Bank.
We can read emotions by a posture or a wave,'' she said.
Until a couple of decades ago, scientists believed that a high-pressure shock wave radiating outward from the impact would inevitably vaporize or melt the rocks that were knocked into space.
It won the third quarter, 16-0.
The flowers appear about six weeks later and form 1 1/2-inch clusters on top of 12-inch stems.
And what we know about very low inventories of any commodity is that if an untoward pressure, an unexpected pressure of demand, surges there is no buffer.
Bach's ''Christmas Oratorio'' is not a blueprint for a single public performance; it surveys an entire season in the church's year.
But we went further than chimpanzees did in attending to mental traits.
The movie studios had asked for, and received from Congress in the 1998 Digital Millennium Copyright Act, a statute that banned the distribution of such ''anti-circumvention devices.''
Festival information: (212) 875-5928; or at the Web site, www.lincolncenter.org.
Nb6, losing rook for knight after 46 Qd8, was the best he could do, Grischuk gave up.
''The nightmare that Japanese have is that the peninsula one day will fall under the strategic sway of China.
The next delved into the insular ultra-Orthodox yeshiva world and another explored stereotypes of different nationalities.
To the Editor: Buried in the discussion of the clothing-optional dormitory at Wesleyan University (front page, March 18) is casual mention of dorms dominated by beer and regular wine-and-cheese social hours.
MANTELLO -- But it was the most amazing thing.
These include a picture of a black hole in the ground, around which he made a round halo that fades from bright yellow to deep red.
''Three days later, I got a letter,'' she said.
''Both candidates are going to spend the surplus.
Aspiring psychiatrists straddle two seemingly contradictory worlds: the hard, quantitative world of medical science and the more ambiguous, intuitional world of human interaction.
In sly fashion, Josie also introduces players to role models absent from most history books, while increasing their computer fluency.
For the year, the index is ahead 2.1 percent.
''It needs an addition over here.''
The only sound was the purr of the air conditioner.
Honda, Japan's second-largest automaker, reported last Friday that earnings fell 14 percent in the recent fiscal year, a decline that had been expected.
I hope that governors, members of Congress and other elected officials will take note of Mr. Clinton's comments.
Friends later told reporters that Mr. Gore's father had kept him on a backbreaking work schedule during summers on the family farm.
Amid the music, Mr. Koite sang with the voice of gentle reasonableness: praising women, thinking about modernity, joking about cigarettes.
On March 31, 2000, at age 53.
Its curriculum is based on a program of international standards that, Mr. Farmer said, ''is over and above New York standards.''
I was in Bath, England, for the summer and in charge of organizing an enormous picnic to take to a country-house cricket match.
Tenant.net, which guides visitors through the complexities of renting in New York City, started as an electronic bulletin board in 1990 when John Fisher, a computer consultant, decided to use the wisdom he had gained as a renter in New York.
The overnight bank lending rate, at 6.5 percent, is the highest it has been in nine years and has pushed up the cost of consumer borrowing.
In 1999, that median was $320,000, a 20.8 percent increase.
THE REPUBLICANS KEYES ON THE TRAIL -- Still pursuing his Republican presidential bid, Alan Keyes told Wisconsin voters this week that Vice President Al Gore, the presumed Democratic nominee, has a ''pretty good chance'' of winning the election.
Mr. Abbe joined JDS Uniphase as part of the February acquisition of Optical Coating Laboratory of Santa Rosa, Calif.
While the State of Indiana, which also appealed the ruling by the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, was nominally on the administration's side, the two briefs diverged dramatically.
Born March 20, 1946, he grew up on a farm in Titusville that is now part of Washington Crossing State Park.
The mayor's letter, which began ''I read with care and interest your letter to me,'' and continued for three pages of measured discussion, said such an independent monitoring agency would be redundant, given the existence of the Police Department's Internal Affairs Bureau, the Citizens Complaint Review Board and other agencies.
Her collection of imperial Russian art from the 18th and 19th centuries is the greatest in the world outside Russia, and she had one of the leading United States collections of Sevres porcelain, much of it commissioned by Catherine the Great.
''We've talked daily for probably the last 10 days,'' he said.
''The lawyer's job is to marshal the relevant science, economics and technical information in a manner that an intelligent lay person can understand.
asking why free network television deprives a hard-working woman like you of this viewing pleasure and thereby deprives her company, and the American economy, of her full attention.
''There are Europeans who like the discretion of selling in New York,'' he added.
The Kaw, who traditionally lived in round lodges made of molded earth, were seldom bellicose.
Sponsored by South Salem Library.
That consent must be freely given in accordance with the procedures outlined in our Constitution.
''I knew somebody was buying it for more than the pictures,'' Hugh M. Hefner, Playboy's founder, said in a phone interview on Friday.
He said he signed a five-year, $22.75 million contract with the Flyers and should be in uniform Thursday night against Florida.
Consumers tempted to think the consolidation of power in the hands of big companies may streamline costs and lower prices should ask themselves how well airline deregulation worked in practice.
Since it peaked on March 27, shares of Cisco have fallen by nearly 15 percent.
She said the group's fliers accusing Rosenberg Diamond of allowing bad conditions, from peeling paint to rat infestation, were true.
''There is a need for housing, and we think the building we want will improve the area,'' he said.
JOINS SEARCH -- A team of F.B.I.
People know me as fair and as a straight shooter.''
Italy considers him an American.
In his eyes she has considerable sex appeal, which he considers a positive.
Prices of oil service stocks fell sharply as the price of crude oil dropped to a three-week low.
A structure that conformed to zoning, with five or six stories, would look out of place.
The United States Department of Agriculture announced in the Federal Register last month that as of today, it would lift certain restrictions on bringing pork and pork products into the United States.
The Giants found out he had been in the ballpark and invited him back for another game.
''It's going to take a lot of partnerships with government agencies.
''Of course they'll have to go,'' said a 21-year-old sergeant who gave his name as Oren.
''It's a wonderful concept and we'd love to be able to pay people more money and give them the benefits.
''Join the cover-up,'' he pleaded in Washingtonese.
Congress might be forgiven for assuming that it was protecting state employees against job discrimination on the basis of age when it extended the federal age discrimination law to states in 1974.
He asserted in court papers that he was not properly informed of his legal rights, and that he only answered the agents' questions out of fear.
For one, while there were lots of thoughtful interior touches, like covered storage bins in the doors, reading lamps and power outlets, the power-window switches were not lighted at night.
But American car enthusiasts with recollections of all those MG B, A, TC, TF and TD roadsters of yesteryear should not reach for their checkbooks yet.
Mr. Corzine has also been generous with his money to schools in the East, and Mrs. Dorris said he had a strong instinct to do the right thing.
That these arrangements constitute little more than political daydreaming nearly two years before the next speaker is chosen seems to be of little consequence to most political leaders.
''Antioch: The Lost Ancient City,'' which remains on view until Feb. 4, when it travels to Cleveland and Baltimore, recreates the splendor of what was one of the four great cities of the Roman empire.
*Instructions on how to solicit contributions.
(The party's platform in 1972, for example, denounced the very idea of requiring welfare recipients to work.)
''I know why I'm here,'' said Fleury, meaning to score goals.
''No one can ask for forgiveness for the Holocaust in the name of others, and no one is entitled to forgive in the name of the victims.
President Ernesto Zedillo today assailed opposition candidates who have warned of possible irregularities in the July 2 election for president.
Contributions in her memory may be made to Brick Presbyterian Church.
If one of every 200 votes is being impacted by that, that's a potential switch of half a percentage point.
In fact, his reply was, ''Tell me, when do I have time to make myself friends?''
The money -- $1,963.86, in checks that are being mailed this month -- comes from the state's so-called Permanent Fund.
But, he said, ''that window has now closed.''
''By the same token, don't have a real estate lawyer set up your special-needs trust.
''She wondered if it was like pitching brother against brother.
The City Council has until early July to vote on the plan.
Ten months after they met, I was born.
''We're going to be watching now,'' warned Erik Hotmire, news secretary for Senator Brownback.
''A new shirt costs 400 crowns.
One can imagine how disconcerted a 19th-century audience, knowing only public concerts, would have been by a finale that contradicted expectations of speed and common spirit, as, most notably, the finale of Tchaikovsky's ''Pathetique'' Symphony did.
''This is my third one on the field,'' Rivera said as he danced from family member to friend on the field, nearly an hour after the end of the game.
A16 NEW YORK/REGION B1-12 Expansive Ambitions Dig Deep Hole for a Health Plan Many of Anthony L. Watson's ambitions for the Health Insurance Plan of Greater New York have failed, burying HIP in a deep financial hole.
The overlap in active and modern playlists rose from 44 percent in 1998 to 54 percent last year, according to Airplay Monitor, a trade journal published by Billboard.
Even if the Americans lose Wednesday, they can advance to the final round of qualifying in the region if Guatemala ties or loses at home to Costa Rica on the same day.
Samaha settles into a chair.
The drug sentence the court vacated today in light of that ruling was typical of the way drug sentencing works in the federal system.
Cardinal O'Connor was the New York City security blanket.
Similar questions were asked: How did this music come to be?
To Knoblauch, that made sense.
The doctor, Robert Weitzel, 44, was convicted in July of two counts of manslaughter and three counts of negligent homicide.
Playfully, he lets it be known that his more famous brother is not above appropriating his ideas.
In the morning, he rolls out of bed into his Zen-like courtyard for a swim.
Certainly realist images of the city will continue to be needed; this collection could never be complete without a painting by Rackstraw Downs.
For example, bird weights are highly variable, a function of the fantastic migrations that many undertake.
Mr. Boston said the department has exhibited an ''overall lack of consistent effort'' to investigate and punish the use of excessive force by jail staff members, even as the situation has improved at those jails that have been the subject of legal scrutiny.
Chechnya Assault to Resume The day after a top commander announced a halt to Russian attacks in Chechnya, the Kremlin said that the attacks would continue.
Some thought that the oval was going to be Ford's new look, spreading to other models.
The police were still searching for the second suspect.
(You know Karenna has already chosen the convention theme song.)
FOOTBALL ARIZONA CARDINALS--Agreed to terms with C Mike Gruttadauria on a four-year contract.
Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan Securities, joint books.
I think it's something I missed growing up.
''We do more diverse things, make duplicates of E-mail messages.
To the Editor: ''The Politics of Race and the Census'' (Week in Review, March 19) obscures the real political issue underlying the 2000 census: the future redrawing of Congressional districts.
This isn't a legal challenge.
Asked why he left the tour, Nicolette smiled and said, ''Lack of talent, and lack of funds.''
He was a King Canute standing firmly on the shores of practicality and repeatedly getting washed away.
ATHLETICS 6, TWINS 2: Ben Grieve hit his first career grand slam in the 10th inning as Oakland outlasted Eric Milton and host Minnesota.
He proposed last September in the Napa Valley.
The Mets may also pursue the free-agent shortstop Alex Rodriguez of Seattle.
Lucy Mitchell-Innes, the Manhattan dealer, won her battle against another bidder, paying $1.6 million, nicely above the painting's high estimate of $1.2 million.
Wife of the late Jerry Wender.
Christie Whitman announced a $64 million business assistance package yesterday to help Lockheed Martin Corporation, one of South Jersey's biggest employers, win a contract to help develop the next generation of Navy destroyers.
''There's a word you need to learn: loyalty,'' he screams into the phone, and that remark establishes his character.
I don't, if you -- let's go back.
Big E E, ridden by Heberto Castillo Jr., finished in 1:353<diamond=5 and paid $9.30 for a $2 bet to win the Grade III race.
After all, where do brains and talent get you without ambition?
Rich people would sit in their carriages.
''This used to be the Claremont Lounge, one of the oldest bars in the neighborhood,'' Mr. Rux said.
He would give judges discretion to sentence 14-year-olds to death; he would let them consider supporting nonunanimous jury verdicts.
The additional transcontinental flights come just a month after the carrier, which is based in St. Louis, said it would focus on Los Angeles for more flights, including a new nonstop between Washington's Reagan National Airport and Los Angeles.
The Officers, Board and staff of the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee are deeply saddened by the passing of our esteemed Board member Rabbi Alexander Schindler, one of the most influential leaders in American Judaism.
Arielle Simon said she visited her father in the hospital yesterday and he told her he was eager to go home.
No credit is given for Mary Phagan.
The machine would then be able to give skating and hockey guidance, in real time.
At 71 Clinton Fresh Food, they are scattered below a roasted chicken breast.
Tickets: $25 to $45 (Kozinn).
With Stephon and Kittles out, you have a tendency to subconsciously say to yourself you are not going to be at your best and may let down.
I'm not going to say anything negative about him.
''These children are not getting the attention they need from the start,'' Professor Mather, who is deaf and has deaf children, said through a translator.
Mr. Algaze makes a point about the contrast between a stately church reflected in a Bolivian canal and the shacks standing along its banks.
It will keep open a similar mill in East Chicago, Ind.
He is unfazed by the recent sell-off in technology.
But the discovery of the pit may also indicate just how well organized, and perhaps longstanding, this march to mass murder in Uganda was.
Mr. Clinton was even more formal in his assessment of Mr. Putin, saying: ''If you want to know what my personal assessment is, I think he is fully capable of building a prosperous and strong Russia while preserving freedom, pluralism and the rule of law.
They noted, for instance, that there have been debates among officials in both places about how and when the party should begin broadcasting commercials attacking Mr. Gore -- and that those debates are ongoing.
A Yankee fan puts it on, say, on the morning of Saturday, Aug. 5, and can see that his World Champions are playing Seattle at Yankee Stadium at 4:05 p.m. With a push of a button, the team's season schedule comes on the face.
He attended the University of Michigan and Rollins College.
''If you can see the southern sky, you can get StarBand,'' is one of the company's marketing catch phrases.
But even Mr. McCain appeared stunned by the magnitude of his victory despite a year of relentless campaigning in New Hampshire.
The building was redone -- some say undone -- by Paul Rudolph, the giant of 60's modernism.
Handing over Mr. Milosevic to The Hague, however, would not be a priority, he said.
Customers with the best success in returns, he said, use the original packing materials to send back the merchandise.
Ms. Rivera has embraced -- and sometimes insisted that tenants and employees do the same -- a variety of psychological theories and management philosophies, the latest being a form of group therapy called ''health realization,'' which she says ''is about how we love ourselves.''
The militia's mission was based on a gross misreading of the rebels' tactics.
In a concert and competition that stretches into the wee hours, a dozen bands each play half-hour sets while judges deliberate.
MICHELE TOLELA MYERS President, Sarah Lawrence College Bronxville, N.Y., March 15, 2000
For example, when the trim on the doors, a hideous vinyl-and-chrome concoction, began to fall off, I replaced it with a wood crown molding stained mahogany.
The reweighting scheme is complex, introducing the need for a double majority, and efforts to eliminate the veto in many areas were simply abandoned.
54 Republican, 33 winner-take-all per Congressional district, 21 at-large, winner-take-all overall.
Tax credits to help families pay for college.
So, one can understand, if still disagree with, the desire of the United States to reward North Korea if it cooperates and punish it if it doesn't.
''Practice is on Saturday nights,'' he said, jokingly.
Our day had already featured a conversation with the owner of a pair of pierced nipples.
''I was lucky to get a glove on'' it, Brodeur said.
A similar pepper called Maras comes from just over the border in Turkey.
Gabriel added: ''One time I asked him about covering his eyes.
One visionary, for example, recently predicted that police officers would someday have an organically grown bulletproof skin layer, neglecting to mention that the bad guys might have organically grown viral bullets that dissolve the skin on contact.
Its understated, rather than theatrical, Asian decor features pagoda-like wooden ceiling beams; rice-paper lighting panels; a wall of Oriental artifacts and condiments; a Thai mural, exposed brick, a golden brown pressed tin ceiling; and candles on every table.
Julie Nixon Eisenhower, advised of the accusation, asked John Taylor, director of the Nixon Library in Yorba Linda, Calif., to respond on her behalf.
But give Mr. Viotti credit for unusual taste.
The overview described by the union officials represents the most detailed picture to emerge from a three-year inquiry by the United States attorney in Brooklyn.
The Weather Channel does a better, more thorough and soberer job of personalizing garden-variety hurricanes than does ''The Perfect Storm,'' which relies on reiterated hyperbole to convey the force of its monster while withholding the kind of detailed meteorological information that might have generated more suspense.
''I might get rid of them,'' he says, ''in a couple of months.''
Some of them are in the form of lightboxes that read like framed pictures, but with more depth; others are videotapes.
On paper, the choice that nearly eight million Chilean voters face on Sunday could not be starker.
I can see right the way across the river.
But they are far more apt to be interjected into the more adult sitcoms and late-night comedy, and to be reflected in films, editorials, art, fiction and memoirs considered enlightened and liberating.
The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index gained 44.88 points, or 3.3 percent, to 1,401.44, and the Dow Jones industrial average rose 276.74 points, or 2.7 percent, to 10,582.51.
He noted that that one victim had been five months pregnant and that Mr. Jones had raped another woman because she had rejected his advances.
McCarter & English handles the authority's bond work, receiving $380,000 last year.
''Nabisco is in one of the few fast-growing, expandable areas: cookies, crackers and salted snacks.''
The clubhouse was once a stable for the deer that roamed the park, where the animals slept in what is now the sunken bar.
The Street Crime Unit -- squads of elite undercover officers that were sent into high-crime sections of the city -- was seen by the department as one of its great successes, the unit's ability to get guns off the street having played a large role in the broader reductions in violent crime.
The Dow Jones industrial average edged up 19.05 points, to 10,706.58, while the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index rose 13.86 points, or 1 percent, to 1,452.56.
was at least partly autobiographical, I'd think it was a little cruel.
Last March, the 82nd Airborne disciplined five enlisted soldiers and four officers for their involvement in the misconduct.
PRINTER Without jumping to $1,000-plus printers, you might not see vast differences from one inkjet printer to the next.
The official emphasis, therefore, is on the value of the learning process in rehearsal rather than on performance.
''It was a bit early,'' Mr. Messier said.
Nancy Ticotin is a Dulcinea wannabe, but a self-loathing Aldonza, never.
The plan called for eliminating jobs ranging from $15,000-a-year part-timers to $90,000-a-year deputy commissioners.
Therein lies the difficulty of understanding the impact of welfare policy changes on children's lives.
The 10-year retrospective on that pick is a rousing whoop-de-damn-do.
SIMILAR views are heard from some American experts.
Sometimes, because of the pain of getting out of bed, he slept on a chair.
It was the biggest opportunity of our life and we let it slip away.''
* Allowing guards to take part in the firing, even after they were specifically forbidden to do so.
He tried to draw out her 11-year-old son, Eric.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta had confirmed West Nile virus is alive in mosquitoes that spent the winter inside Fort Totten, an abandoned fort in northeastern Queens.
One man blindsided by their speed was Hamed's opponent, Augie Sanchez.
It did little for public confidence in military efficiency.
We miss and love you more than ever before.
Mr. Sadtler, in fact, is a high school friend of Mr. Pritchard's.
The next day I visited some of my favorite sites in the little town (the official population is 76,000, but it feels much smaller).
That would be unthinkable at Rao's, a humble shrine to simple Southern Italian cooking at the corner of East 114th Street and Pleasant Avenue.
Now, as the arduousness of the crossing became clear, their stares conveyed the flat helplessness of fear.
You speculate that independent colleges will cut the amount of aid they provide to families who receive tax benefits, leaving students no better off than before.
He died of lung cancer in 1990 at the age of 53.
Snow said in an interview, she returned to Beijing and was honored by high officials.
One reason for the sophistication is that researchers now say children learn from a very early age.
There was no telling how much run support Clemens would need, if he would even last five innings.
Also survived by many beloved nieces, nephews and friends.
Hearst feared that revolutionary excesses would generate a homegrown fascist movement that would destroy American democracy.
In fact, the smaller the community, the bigger the decrease in murders, according to the F.B.I.
(AP) CONNECTICUT WATERBURY: SPECIAL TAX CONSIDERED -- Mayor Philip A. Giordano has proposed an emergency tax to help close a budget gap estimated at $22 million and increase the sale of $20 million in tax anticipation notes so Waterbury can meet its payroll for December.
Other soldiers quoted by the news agency said they did not remember such orders.
''Bend at the knees, and for added comfort, use a knee pad when you're down on the floor.''
Steve Laurenzi, the fan, was charged with disorderly conduct.
This couple down in Florida, a pair of retired schoolteachers, had them.
The mayor had tried convincing the board to hold off on an appointment until after the March elections (when, if his ballot initiative passes, Mr. Brown could appoint three new board members who could help his choice for superintendent).
CRAIG NEWELL: My experiences have mostly been with Napster.
''Let us hope that enmity and oppression should end, and that the clamor of love for truth, justice and human dignity should prevail,'' Mr. Khatami told an audience of several hundred, including a number of heads of state and invited Iranian expatriates.
Yet another unlikely publication has jumped on the stock-picking bandwagon -- Maxim, Dennis Publishing's hot-selling journal of beer and babes.
Dr. Ilamathi, 49, is a nephrologist at Suffolk Nephrology Consultants in Stony Brook, N.Y.
Signs on the walls say things like: ''The one who opens the door of the school closes the door of a prison.''
Oh, such a perfect day, you just keep me hanging on.
In rehearsal, his shouts of profanity have less to do with anger than with excitement.
Brochures were mailed to people who oversee 500 historic sites, many on the National Register of Historic Places, inviting them to commission Ms. Wallace to create a watercolor or pen-and-ink drawing of their sites.
To pressure Nike, United Students Against Sweatshops, the umbrella group backing the consortium, the Union of Needletrades, Industrial and Textile Employees and other groups issued a report yesterday that criticized Nike for using sweatshops.
Each was viewed in more than 13.1 million homes.
Mr. Bradley is continuing to hammer Mr. Gore over the abortion question in vying for the votes of women, who make up more than a majority of Democrats and who have tended to lean toward Mr. Gore so far.
At some point, there is always the possibility of a Mike Tyson-to-the-rescue moment.
When Bell was asked about Wendell, he said: ''Just don't throw at my head.
But in the era of the fast profit, a quick educational fix built on the B-school principle of numerical ''accountability'' is no less plausible.
Craft aside, Mr. Z finds room for comedy.
In fact, she said, she used to share at least one major trait with the computers she studied.
Joseph S. Kaplan, President Alan B. Siskind, Ph.D., Executive Vice President Paul Levine, CSW, Associate Executive Vice President Pinchas Berger, CSW, Director, Jewish Connections Programs
The government tried this year to make such pills, which must be taken within 72 hours after sex, available from school nurses, too, but the way it issued its regulations was ruled illegal.
The object of bouldering is to ''solve a problem.''
Dr. Kessler and the three international experts who also contributed to the report were unable to ascertain the extent to which this industry campaign is still being waged.
In that same year Mr. Sobchak became the first elected mayor of Leningrad, Russia's second-largest city.
For a host of reasons -- age, lack of tuition money, inadequate secondary schooling, reluctance to study, discouragement from family and friends -- college is not a viable option for a significant portion of the population.
The Supreme Court ruled today that a judge presiding over a death penalty case was not obliged to clear up the jury's confusion over a crucial sentencing instruction.
BRION GALLERIES ''Alien Beings of Uncertain Origin,'' one-man show of monotypes by Stephen McKenzie.
He asked the ministers to pray for his family.
Indeed, when a roughing scrum broke out at the buzzer to end the second period, Graves occupied two Hurricanes in a session of push-and-pull grappling.
And so far so good.
I think that it would be unusual.
Petty Enterprises operates today from the same location it always has, next to a modest white frame house in Level Cross where Richard and Maurice grew up and where Lee Petty lived until his death with his wife, Elizabeth Toomes Petty.
Parts of it remained out of bounds for the next 45 years.
17, when he hit his tee shot into the water, leading to a triple-bogey that reduced his comfortable four-stroke lead over Woods to one.
Moreover, he said, ''Mount Morgan'' was the only straight play to have had television advertising this season, and he noted that Mr. Stewart had received considerable publicity in print and in television talk show appearances.
she asks, raising the general question of exploitation.
From that point the novel was a matter of accretion, growth and constant revision.
The focus of their interest is long-QT syndrome, an electrical abnormality in the heart that causes a greatly increased risk of sudden death in children and young people.
Industries paying higher prices include clothing, electronic components and equipment, and rubber and plastic.
Dr. Lee's courtroom theatrics are legendary.
Because of such capriciousness, we now and then revisit restaurants we have enjoyed in the past, to see whether they have thrived or dived.
''It's more than the economic impact of the base,'' Mr. LeBlanc said.
But politics was not in his game plan.
Under federal and international regulations, ships can discharge gray water, from sinks, showers, kitchens, laundries and other facilities, anywhere, including in ports.
92nd Street Y (corner of Lexington Avenue and East 92nd Street), Tomorrow at 8 p.m. Tickets: $30; $15 for students and the elderly one hour before the show; (212) 996-1100 (Tommasini).
But rather than exploit his popularity, he is, at least for the moment, leaving politics, in keeping with a promise to serve no more than three terms.
The Scotts live in a brick house that Mr. Scott, an engineer, built himself with help from his father, a farmer, now deceased.
''Mexico made commitments two years ago to open its market and it simply has not done so,'' he said.
To the Editor: I particularly appreciated the Online Shopper article on Wal-Mart (''Boxed In: Exploring a Big-Box Store Online'') because yesterday I visited their Web site, looking for photo development services.
On the Republican side, the committee is expected to spend about $50 million on get-out-the-vote efforts.
Even in the 33-18 loss to the Giants that preceded the run of success, McNabb managed to complete 19 of 33 for 214 yards and a touchdown without an interception.
Every March, music journalists and record-company executives flock here for the Southwest Music and Media Conference, known as SXSW, to look for future stars.
We could have done other things if our goal was money.
FORUM THEATER COMPANY ''The Legend of Sleepy Hollow.''
In both cases, officials said, cars using the Wittpenn Bridge to cross the Hackensack River from Jersey City to Kearny were struck by oncoming trucks as they reached a curve in the four-lane roadway.
A request for information by the British foreign secretary, Robin Cook, to Mr. Putin in Moscow on Wednesday yielded little definitive.
I was excited to be out there.
Still, the New Jersey Senate race is for one of only five open seats this year, and open seat races usually generate special excitement.
Leslie H. Wexner, founder of the Limited, tells the story of the first time they met when Mr. Taubman summoned him to Detroit in the early 1970's.
Dear father of Patrice (Dr. Eric) Phillips, Robert Prentis Morris and good friend JoAnn Ross and the late Jimmy Prentis Morris.
Lately, in fact, they have even stopped watching movies with more adult themes by themselves.
Notre Dame point guard Jimmy Dillon twisted his ankle with 6:56 left to play and had to be helped from the game.
He also began the endgame for the five-year investigation.
PATERSON MUSEUM ''Ruby's Return: The Art of Ruby C. Williams,'' folk paintings.
The point is not the lawyers, but the lawbreakers: ''These people don't care about law or order or anything aside from greed.
The water-swollen bodies of the Barones were discovered in the creek at 9 a.m. on May 24, 1996.
Mr. Meadows was about to start work on a Welsh western when a conversation with his writing partner Paul Fraser steered them toward an autobiographical story about a temporary break in their long friendship during adolescence.
If the mediation talks collapse, the two sides will go back to federal court in Washington before Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson for final arguments scheduled for Feb. 22.
In an hourlong speech that at times sounded like a left-leaning history lesson, Mr. Nader assailed big business for what he called ''a corporate crime wave,'' and said the Democratic and Republican parties were controlled by corporations.
Exhortations have not had much effect lately.
He's as good as anyone in the country -- I haven't seen the whole country, but there can't be anyone much better.''
Politics here -- national politics, local politics -- never pales.
''We were saying for some time that the fall could occur at the end of December or the turn of the year.
Hours: Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Thursdays and Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m.
Edward Yardeni, the chief investment strategist for Deutsche Bank Securities, was one of the most vocal Y2K crusaders, preaching about global problems that might arise from the inability of computers to distinguish between 1900 and 2000.
Mr. Saksinsky agreed to pay back the P.B.A.
Last month, the First Alliance Corporation, a prominent subprime lender that is facing lawsuits by several homeowners and the AARP for deceptive practices, filed for bankruptcy protection.
Blood flukes have passed between snails and rats at watering holes on the African savanna for millions of years.
It is presented on a Lazy Susan, surrounded by olives stuffed with feta, smoked salmon, anchovies, blue cheese or chipotle peppers.
''People have an understanding of how markets work, and are used to securing a higher return on their savings,'' said one adviser to Mr. Bush.
In one burst through a bullhorn, one man yelled: ''Tipper Gore, join the resistance!
On the other side of the nest is a housing development.
Although Ms. Nathan at first walked between two mayoral security guards a step behind Mr. Giuliani -- and was not with him when he greeted Archbishop Edward M. Egan outside St. Patrick's Cathedral -- by the time the parade neared Columbus Circle she had moved abreast of the mayor and into the front row with Gov.
Duval won four consecutive holes starting on No.
Wednesday night, he was the cause of more defensive breakdowns, particularly in the Knicks' big backcourt.
Only 17 percent of those interviewed by the Forsa research group said they believed Wolfgang Schauble -- Mr. Kohl's protege and successor as Christian Democratic leader -- could restore confidence.
But that theory is contradicted by two studies being published today in The New England Journal of Medicine, which included a total of more than 5,000 healthy people screened by colonoscopy.
But Russ Granik, the deputy commissioner, said that neither he nor Stern had ever seen or heard of a ''wink and nod'' of such proportion.
As he did when he sought last summer to revive frozen relations with Syria, Mr. Barak offered a public assessment that the Syrian leader, Hafez al-Assad, is an honorable partner in peacemaking.
Rollovers kill 9,500 of the 41,000 Americans who die each year in crashes.
Mr. Forstmann said he would give scholarships to the students beginning next fall, but did not say for how long or how much.
But as the Democrats' own counterpunches turn increasingly personal and harsh -- the Gore campaign mocked Gov.
.4:34:48 17765 Haukeland, G, 53F .
Such gefilte fish with so little effort.''
Volunteers have been central to the survival of Shea's since the day in 1975 when a group of them interposed themselves between the building and the wrecking ball that was to reduce it to rubble.
Mr. Burnett said that there were no conditions on the questions Mr. Letterman could ask.
It is not surprising that the State Department would want to redefine rogue states, because at least some of the rogues are looking to go straight.
Lost or stolen tickets can be ''turned off,'' or invalidated, by the computer, and new tickets can be issued.
considered the salary-cap ramifications involving Williamson's contract.
Martin capitalized on the ugly points, and suddenly they were back on serve, and Johansson was serving to reach a tie breaker.
There is a review section devoted to the worst diners, thoughtfully left in regular typeface on the grounds that they are ''so bad that they aren't worth HTML formatting.''
''I get a mixed reaction when I travel out of state,'' he said.
McGwire, listed in the starting lineup as the Cardinals' shortstop and No.
About 10:23 a.m., a man in his home at 87 Highland Avenue -- which abuts the golf course -- heard unusual noises downstairs and went to investigate, Lieutenant Curran said.
Most are focusing on stem cells, because, in theory, they can be manipulated to form any organ in the body.
First, Carl Pickens was coming from Cincinnati, then Sean Dawkins from Seattle.
Open Friday and Saturday, 10 p.m. to 3 a.m. Cover, $6.70; women are admitted free.
Devoted father of Neal, Paul, Robert and Jonathan.
As you can see, I don't care which period is who.
Parents, teachers and residents of the neighborhoods around the five schools that could be privatized were uniformly confused about the plan yesterday.
As the play continues, it turns into a triptych on the process of becoming Mae West: for Jo, Charlie and Mae herself.
The end result is that for Jones's competitors, the playing field just became level.
They said that's the reason why they took it away, and if we generated more interest they would give it back to us.
Monica and the Roumeliotis brothers and two other bartenders live in Lou the Landlord's building, which is on a third corner between the two bars.
DaimlerChrysler has invested in the company and installed its own operating chief to improve Mitsubishi's fortunes.
Such self-contradictions don't faze her.
The United Nations has yet to give a formal response to Cambodia's latest tribunal plan, saying it is still studying the draft, which allows only a limited international role.
If there is one thing Belichick's defensive squads have always been -- besides prepared for any possible scenario on the field -- is in tremendous shape.
In response to the accusation that he had purchased the building simply to make a profit, Mr. Weinstein laughed.
The reunions follow the meeting in June between the leaders of the two countries, who pledged to seek national reconciliation.
He added: ''They just look to put the story out there and whatever spin they feel is going to be more attractive.''
''A well-placed shot kills quickly.
''We have not abandoned our pricing discipline,'' he said.
There's an apostolic succession, Ruth to Gehrig to DiMaggio to Mantle.
So they put up some bluebird boxes, and he and others later built a trail that now extends 1,700 miles, from the Massachusetts border through Albany down to Pennsylvania.
''They're right on task,'' Sister Rita said.
''I don't know if I can find a place,'' she said.
It is, Mr. Beller said, the kind of '' casually reported vignette'' that he likes.
Once again, we're in a situation where Americans see test-score comparisons that show Americans are not that bright in comparison to a global market.''
's top conferences; and college basketball had, in Mullaney's words, ''become a big business.''
While both books roam around various territories -- New York, love, Cambodia, political strife, journalistic morality, the disorder and early sorrows of the freshly minted children of the upper class -- they are founded on a bedrock of addiction.
Three months later, Fox started with a sound-on-film system called Movietone, which used an optical soundtrack like the ones used today.
He allowed nine hits and one run, striking out seven and throwing 97 pitches.
Among the city's attractions are Dunfermline Museum, (44-1383) 313838, and the Abbot House Heritage Center, (44-1383) 733266, both of which explore the town's history from the Picts to the present day, with displays on the 19th-century linen and silk industries.
I'm schooled in the classic European art films and their formal concerns.
Perhaps the Curse of the Bambino has had a boomerang effect in the form of delivering Clemens to the Yanks.
Bell Atlantic, which is based in New York and is the dominant local telephone company in 13 states from Maine to Virginia, said profits slipped to $719 million, or 45 cents a share, from $1 billion, or 65 cents a share, a year earlier.
For that, the curators have devised a kinesthetic experience, one that uses the body's sense of movement.
Several Bush advisers said today that they did not understand the logic of that.
The chef, Arra Lawson, who was at Palladin, serves small plates of Mediterranean-inspired dishes, like cue-stick chicken skewers with Moroccan dipping sauce.
Bullard had 13 points in the period, 9 coming on 3-pointers, as the Rockets took a 78-61 lead into the fourth quarter.
''That's where we got our first video camera.''
After she found out her foot injury was tendinitis and not a stress fracture, a relieved Davenport rested for about 10 days before going back on the court.
1, at the corner of 27th and 11th; firefighters needed so much time to batter in the protective iron shutters that the fire did $150,000 in damage.
She kind of prides herself on that.
''Material Language: Small-Scale Sculpture After 1950.''
''A DAY AT THE BEACH: SCUBA OBSERVATION,'' Coney Island Beach, Boardwalk and West Eighth Street.
Some might count ''Mork and Mindy'' (with Robin Williams and Pam Dawber) as an example of the phenomenon; even so, that series had its premiere in 1978, a year after Mary and Dennis's on-air affair.
As everyone knows, black performers, like black people in general, have done a lot of things to pay the bills and do what we dream of doing.
One can also imagine that in drawing the features of a woman, the other figure in ''Still,'' Mr. Lovell was faced with problems when the weakened, timeworn paint flaked off as he drew, making it necessary periodically to redo certain areas.
JOHN M. REILLY Bedford Park, the Bronx
They do not grow up with dance, for the most part.
This past week, the company introduced the technology with WFAA-TV in Dallas.
''Why jam 'Riverdance' into the category of best musical when it is really basically a dance revue?''
As good as lunch is, dinner is uneven.
Assigned INF Chris Clapinski, RHP Jason Grilli and C Chris Tremie to their minor-league camp.
(+) 4 123 SIMPLE ABUNDANCE, by Sarah Ban Breathnach.
At first, the Needham firm wrote a tune to lyrics by Warren Pfaff, a freelance copywriter, that went: ''We're so near and far away.
Labonte's teammate, Tony Stewart, will start from the ninth position and try to win his third race in a row.
It took him six months to realize a sculpture.
Martinez is annoyed with Torre's constant refrain about his slumps, that Martinez is pressing; Martinez said he would rather have someone tell him what is wrong with his swing.
''All that optimism disappeared, almost overnight,'' Mr. Birchard said.
Mayor Lindsay appointed an investigating commission under Whitman Knapp.
It is just her misfortune that her arms and legs are attached to ropes that others pull on to turn her into a marionette.
These voters want to preserve existing social programs like Social Security and Medicare, and they want new, but modest, programs to help their families thrive in the new economy.
Mr. Clinton has said that he favors revamping the bankruptcy laws but that the current bill is not evenhanded.
The tattoo is a surface design affecting mere appearance; but it is also permanent, a declaration of unchanging essence.
America Online Latin America rose 7/16, to 8 7/16, in the initial public offering of the venture between America Online and the Venezuelan media conglomerate Cisneros .
MAMARONECK -- Iris Dement, vocalist.
She asked store owners if they might be willing to carry her products.
Molecular tests are being developed for bladder cancer and colon cancer, for example, that would look for individual genes that go awry, long before any tumors are evident.
To the Editor: I am a visual artist whose work shares with music qualities which music explores superbly: pattern, repetition with variation, linear development, rhythm.
The Vatican signed the Lateran Treaty in 1929.
.5:05:25 23725 Bellingeri, S, 56M .
The similar language may be coincidental, but it fits into a strategy on the part of the Bush campaign to blur some of the traditional differences between the parties.
Outraged business groups vowed to try to get Mr. Bush or Congress to overturn the regulations.
His primary aim is ''to be a small part of taking North Fork wine to the next step.''
How would one adult and two or more small children manage that?
Today is a typical day -- a crew member has sliced his finger while hooking up the cages to be lifted ashore.
Because of his age at the time, he has been charged as a juvenile, and the proceedings of juvenile court are usually closed.
Brother of Leona Dick and Beulah Fishman.
They came to the attention of the Emmy Award-winning sitcom director Jay Sandrich (''The Mary Tyler Moore Show''), who asked Mr. Williams if he knew how to write for television.
The prickly, syncopated, one-chord patterns in Malian music are kin to the one-chord modal blues of American musicians like John Lee Hooker, and Mr. Toure knows it.
Millennials Rising The Next Great Generation.
Mr. Rosenblatt's latest film, ''King of the Jews,'' was inspired by a childhood trip to Radio City Music Hall with his mother for a sneak preview of a movie that turned out to be Nicholas Ray's ''King of Kings.''
He persuaded Mrs. Hampton to reopen the theater, which the two of them did in 1991.
He also had a spectacular goal against Costa Rica in 1997, for the 1998 World Cup.
''You can give him my report with a ribbon tied around it,'' he said.
Parcells insisted that Meggett stay with punt returns despite his problems.
The best-known examples are in Russia.
Among those arrested on a federal charge of extortion was Salvatore DeIulio, 51, of Middlesex, the president of the Breed's national organization, said the United States attorney, Robert J. Cleary.
Sir Alec Guinness, the elegant and versatile British actor known to older audiences for films like ''The Bridge on the River Kwai'' and to a whole new generation for his role as Obi-Wan Kenobi in ''Star Wars,'' died late Saturday at a hospital in West Sussex, England.
According to an activist who attended the meeting, David Scondras of Boston, the dissidents voiced their view that H.I.V.
.3:48:26 6558 Zinkin, J, 31F .
He guided the team through the 1982 season and had a series of playoff teams.
Or they can delay until the window of opportunity closes.
''We felt that the ad as a whole, with the visual images and the timing, exaggerated the effectiveness of this drug,'' said Dr. Tracy Acker, an official in the division of drug marketing, advertising and communications at the agency.
But fatherhood is not a state of being.
Mr. Pataxo's tribe has been demanding that the government return traditional lands now occupied by ranchers.
Two weeks ago, Intel said that its sales would grow 3 percent to 5 percent instead of the 9 percent to 12 percent it had expected.
''I truly do respect Cisco,'' he said.
''These are tenants, not terrorists.''
After the war, he became a pharmaceutical salesman.
I can't grow unless I integrate with the global economy, but the trade rules by the developed countries are unfair.
Today, he and his supporters continue to battle through the courts and in the press for control of Rumtek monastery and its treasures.
Roaming the world on an international book tour was not easy on Ms. Binchy's arthritis; the unending airport corridors tested her joints.
Recalled INF Julio Lugo from New Orleans.
It had just the right tone.
Astacio (1-2) allowed just four hits and two runs.
In fact, aircraft counts provided by the aviation agency show that since 1995, the number of small planes of various types based in the state has declined slightly.
''But I'm not doing that.''
They would replace some goods on which duties have been levied since April 1999, including: bath salts, lithographs, batteries and chicory.
I did it in the days before computers, so I was always running to the library,'' said Mr. Kaplan, who did not consider himself an expert on the city.
It is the very ordinariness of Mr. Franklin, the absence of fangs, that makes his ''MugShots'' segment so eerie.
In June 1997, the Supreme Court narrowly struck down a provision of the so-called Brady Law that required state officials to conduct background checks of prospective handgun purchasers.
But advocates for the development plan assert that the money to be made by a conference center is necessary and that it would be limited to 400 people, too few to interfere with people taking the ferry over for the day.
''Both locations have been ultrahigh.
But two associates of St. John's familiar with the N.C.A.A.
Casa Natalia, Boulevard Mijares 4, San Jose del Cabo, (888) 277-3814, fax (52-114) 25110, www.casanatalia .com, is a little gem run by Nathalie and Loic Tenoux, from Luxembourg and France, respectively.
No one had ever heard of someone playing baseball with lupus.
I think that's been exaggerated a lot, and I never did tell the Yankees that if you came to an old-timers' game, or something, I wasn't going to come.''
The scale and materials can be appropriate, but it doesn't have to be a clone.
According to Ms. McConnell's study, the S.& P.'s three-year compound annual earnings growth rate dwindles from 11 percent to 9 percent when options are considered a cost.
Similar programs pegged to a set percentage, which were established in Texas and California to salvage some vestige of affirmative action, have indeed raised minority admissions.
The bulletin plans to make them available on its web site (www.thebulletin.org).
The good news for the Whitman Administration is that by agreeing to a monitor, who will report to a federal judge, the state ended the Justice Department's threat to press for direct federal supervision of the force.
A photograph that appeared in The New Yorker made a similar point.
Like many nuclear opponents, she was counting on nuclear power to fail the economic test.
The church holds mass baptisms across the country each summer as part of a convocation ceremony in which congregants offer repentance and seek renewal.
''When you're on this side of the law, you don't see yourself as a victim.
On the right, Mr. Levy pressed Mr. Sharon to pledge his unequivocal support for the settlement enterprise, and his National Religious Party requested a candidate's application.
He has two co-defendants, Sandra Love, who was on the board of the Universal Health Plan, and John P. Connors, who was the executive director.
But he did not know anything.
By adding his voice to the tired chorus lamenting how television has ruined politics, Karabell helps to perpetuate a widespread misunderstanding about the realities of our raucous, yet vital, democracy.
Xerox said on March 31 that it would take a $625 million pretax charge in the first quarter to cover the elimination of 5,200 jobs -- 5.5 percent of its worldwide work force -- as well as plant closings and inventory write-offs.
''What is remarkable is the overwhelming evidence exonerating the government from the charges made against it and the lack of any real evidence to support the charges of bad acts,'' Mr. Danforth said of his final report.
An impressive wine list and acceptable French-American food are the hallmarks of this restaurant, right across the street from Lincoln Center.
Rather than back up another step or two, he jumped, falling backward, and the ball glanced off his glove, ricocheted off the fence and bounded toward the infield.
As bad news goes, this doesn't seem earthshaking.
As many as 30 or 40 shots were fired, witnesses said, and the police said shell casings from at least three pistols -- a .45-caliber, a .380-caliber and a 9-millimeter -- were found on the ground.
Whose hopes to the contrary?
MOSQUITOES zoomed in squadron-style as dusk curtained Whitestone, Queens.
Moreover, momentum-killing holding and false-start penalties have been rare.
''Rome was not demolished in a day.
13 22 BLIND MAN'S BLUFF, by Sherry Sontag and Christopher Drew with Annette Lawrence Drew.
The exhibition, which is the work of a team of curators coordinated by Elizabeth J. Milleker, associate curator in the museum's Greek and Roman department, has an ambitious goal.
The industry officials were in Washington as part of an annual lobbying trip organized by the Business Software Alliance.
Note, too, that, according to a recent study at Case Western Reserve University School of Dentistry and Ohio State University College of Medicine and Public Health, only 5 percent of bottled water tested contained the recommended levels of fluoride.
Further information is available by calling (203) 637-1830.
The annoying Ms. Chen herded them to the front of the house, through a cheering gaggle of friends and family.
''A proper survey of the music of the second half of the century would have been much richer.
''She has been very cooperative, and our analysis is that she runs a good program,'' Mr. Parola said.
It makes up 14 percent of the New York foundation's assets.
''The better-prepared businesses are those in sectors where there is already competition, such as manufacturing,'' said Zhang Xiaoji, an economist and member of Mr. Lu's research group.
It was damaged in World War II, taken by the United States and then passed on to Brazil and renamed the Guanabara.
That pretty much describes my own feelings about music videos.
Mr. Lau showed me to the presidential suite, where the nightly fee is $11,500.
Can a candidate be too attractive?
Jeffrey Renard Allen (''Rails Under My Back''), 2 to 4 p.m. Information: (212) 289-0908.
Indeed, many were surprised it did not happen sooner, since the theater was chronically in debt and notorious for operating in a perpetual crisis mode, particularly in the last 18 months.
Many cancer cells produce bcl-2 in abundance to ensure that they are not eliminated.
Much loved husband of the late Miriam (Marcus).
The writer relied on the comments of Park Slope and some local real estate agents whose remarks were self-serving and tantamount to red-lining.
The first set is nice.
In August, Alabama said DuBose's salary would be cut by $360,000 in the next three years.
His design uses a lightweight 175-horsepower air motor and carries 60 percent of its energy in four 3,000-p.s.i.
And we'll have a better handle on how to make a judgment.
''Art and Science Intertwined: The Botanical Illustrations of Dr. Stephen K-M Tim,'' through Sunday.
The state penalty is the second in two years citing major flaws in Beth Israel's administration and, in particular, its obstetrics and gynecology department.
The fund is a four-year program to provide organizational help and money to significant arts institutions that are led by their founders and that are at a financial and artistic turning point.
Another article in the Westchester section (''The Critical Piece of the Puzzle,'' Nov. 11) discussed the issue of au pairs.
It was an eventful fourth round today at the Bob Hope Chrysler Classic, with some players shooting themselves onto the leader board while others fell out of the tournament.
The 2,450-student school district in Rye, N.Y., with three elementary schools, one middle and one high school, was one of the few in the region to stay open yesterday.
''I, for one, am promoting the widespread adoption of his fine example,'' Mrs. Blair, a high-powered London lawyer, said at a legal forum on employment rights.
Interment to follow at Beth David Cemetery, Elmont, NY.
It examines the 500 years between 2650 B.C.
Adored wife of the late George.
Is there anything else having to do with weddings that are on exhibit?
The hot appetizer selection also includes vegetarian dishes like mucver kofte, zucchini patties mixed with vegetables; and patlican tava, fried eggplant served with yogurt and dill sauce.
As the area became more residential, the Energy Department paid to extend public water to some homes where private wells showed contamination.
Loud and abrasive when it's not cloyingly sweet, the movie is more likely to exhaust and confuse young audiences than to charm them.
Late tonight, The Associated Press reported, the Republicans asked a judge in the 11th Judicial Circuit to bar the use of the machine.
Roni Daniel, a veteran Israeli television journalist, saw the footage for the first time as he was delivering the news on Saturday night.
But at the airport here in New Delhi tonight, no one was thinking about geopolitics, only about the human drama unfolding before them.
''This is just amazing,'' she said, ''better than most days.''
THE impact Loretta Lynn has had on country music goes beyond style and success.
As Lelie, Jeremy Shamos has just the right eagerness for a young man who has a servant but no discernible responsibility.
''The two unidentified suspects entered and evidently demanded property, then shot the victims,'' Officer Jensen said.
Mr. Perez, who worked in an elite gang-prevention unit in Rampart, one of the city's roughest neighborhoods, began cooperating with the police after he was caught stealing about $1 million worth of cocaine confiscated as evidence.
If people take the Iowa results seriously, the losers will stop getting campaign contributions, and the whole show could be over after New Hampshire votes next week.
.3:27:43 2895 Janot, S, 35M .
That's not something anyone wants to see happen, of course.
Mr. Gulotta proposed raising property taxes by 3 percent in 2002, 2003 and 2004, but Republican lawmakers called for 5 percent increases, and Ms. Jacobs said the Republicans' proposal was still on the table.
The move comes just a week after the Charles Schwab Corporation, the nation's largest online broker, said it would pay about $487 million in stock for Cybercorp, a day trading company that specializes in software.
'' Two months after the dinner, Mr. Polanski called to announce a new project he had not felt free to discuss in Rome.
He said he voted against the Mets' opening the season in Japan, because he had been to Japan five times and knew how a trip there could drain a player.
AT&T is the largest contributor to federal candidates and political parties in the current election cycle, having donated more than $4.3 million, nearly two-thirds of which has gone to Republicans, according to a study last week by the Center for Responsive Politics.
I don't think the sea change in the way the world views these kids became truly apparent to me, however, until two weeks later when I accompanied the Midwood contingent to a reception at the New York City Board of Education honoring all the city's Intel finalists and semifinalists.
''We found out that we needed 25 percent more time in the day, and so we run from 7:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.,'' said Stephen N. Adubato, one of the guiding forces behind the academy's creation and the executive director of the North Ward Center, a publicly financed social services agency in this mostly Italian and Hispanic neighborhood.
One area of the cemetery is better maintained, but burial there costs more and this is a poor country.
''An artist without marketing is at a disadvantage in a very cluttered world,'' he said.
The pharmacist, Mudassir Ali Khan, 53, was arrested in August 1998 and pleaded guilty to conspiracy in May 1999.
In ''Messenger, Messenger,'' the hectic life of an urban bicycle messenger is explored by Robert Burleigh with a sympathetic tone and a gentle beat: ''Catch me, catch me, if you can, / I'm messenger, messenger, messenger man.''
James Sterngold (NYT) THIS BIRD WON'T FLY -- The people of Orange County, just south of Los Angeles, voted in surprisingly strong numbers for a ballot measure that appears likely to kill the prospect of building what would have been one of the largest airports in the region.
Since May, a state supervisory council has refused to approve Mr. Giordano's proposed $257 million budget for the fiscal year that began July 1, citing uncertain revenue projections that the chairman of the oversight council once called ''squishy.''
She has therefore been in a position to view the changes in Iran over a considerable period of time, from its days as a police state under the shah, through its days as a police state under the mullahs.
Like an annual fowl migration, the collapse was most certainly coming.
How can we protect our country if Hezbollah fighters are roaming the border promising the liberation of ''occupied Palestine''?
Right away I thought of the social implications.
Let the motivational guru who counseled Bill teach you the secret of self-acceptance: ''As long as you've got money, why not be liked for it?''
Casting the overhaul of the Social Security system as a ''test of presidential candidates,'' Gov.
Others say it is of little or no use as a performance enhancer.
And Groh is not biting.
I waited for Marion Frost's first command.
''But they're looking for assurances nobody can give them.
If Harold had only the ability to ''mimic'' his brother, the Nicholas Brothers wouldn't have been the sensation they were; it was their total synchronicity and individual creativity -- combined with two distinct but equally infectious personalities -- that helped make them one of the greatest screen teams in history.
As the Israelis, Palestinians and some Olympic officials were on their way to the base by helicopter, a team of policemen who were disguised as the crew of the proffered plane decided to abandon the dangerous mission.
Mr. Gore had been faulted earlier in the campaign for frantically changing his wardrobe and dressing casually, in earth tones, in an effort to show he was a regular person.
In May, an Apple driver without a bus operator's license struck and killed a 71-year-old pedestrian, Randolph Walker, in Midtown.
Saturday at 2 p.m.; next Sunday at 2 p.m. Tickets: $18; $9 for children.
The playground belonged to the tough kids like Chulo, who wear flannel and sneakers and whiskers.
When Jensen left the air a few years before his death, his departure was barely noticed, so completely transformed was the kingdom he once ruled; only on the dying network evening-news broadcasts do authoritarian white men still hold sway.
The Scarlet Knights are excited about the Virginia Tech game, and they think they will have a better chance against Michael Vick, the Hokies quarterback, if they beat Buffalo.
And last night, that's exactly what it seemed.
Dorothy Knobel Somogyi of Knobel Brothers Hardware in Darien has the answer: Seymour Stripe marking paint in red/orange fluorescent ($4.70).
Maybe elsewhere but not here.
Indeed, some of the worst fighting today is occurring not between state armies and rebel forces, but between indigenous ethnic militias and the rebel factions that they regard as occupying armies serving outside predators.
Richard C. Richards, a philosophy professor at California State Polytechnic University in Pomona who has studied perversions, said about 1,000 American men have the crush fetish.
I'm not sure what exactly is in it, but I believe it includes art, design, manufactured objects.
Posada doubled and moved to third on Jose's single, and Wells squatted on the mound, trying to stretch his back.
Living there, Ms. Hillsten said, was a big barrier to friendships with people they were meeting in Manhattan.
He didn't show a lot of stress from yesterday.''
In Guatemala today, anthropologists said they had unearthed the remains of 15 peasants, including a two-week-old baby and a 5-year-old child, from wartime mass graves.
National missile defense was the most attention-getting issue, because it exposed a rift in a well-scripted gathering.
Details's publisher, Linda Mason, will remain with Conde Nast.
Now another panel is digging deeper into his murky finances to determine whether the showers of money influenced the performance of his public duties.
In New York, voters who are already registered cannot switch parties until Nov. 8, but anyone who is not registered to vote can select a primary to vote in by Friday.
Charles Way and his wife took Barrow and his wife out to dinner.
''The policy has been clear,'' a European diplomat said.
But if you really want to get to heart of the matter, call him Mister Mustard.
And in their unanimity, they deprive the country of a necessary debate on a crucial question: Is zero national debt healthy for the economy?
Younger worker after younger worker hears my call that says I trust you.
Friday at 8 p.m. Tickets: $15; $12 for students and older people.
Gould liked extremes and provocations, and they abound in this brisk reading.
But for the task for which it was designed, it can be up to 1,000 times as fast as a Pentium-based computer, making it cost-effective, Dr. Yu said.
The West had destroyed East Germany.
While wireless users may think they're viewing the World Wide Web, many wireless providers in the United States, including AT&T, limit their customers to special pages stored on closed servers.
Following is the text of the statement of the European Central Bank in Frankfurt as it announced the joint action with other central banks yesterday: On the initiative of the European Central Bank, the monetary authorities of the United States and Japan joined with the European Central Bank in concerted intervention in exchange markets because of their shared concern about the potential implications of recent movements in the euro exchange rate for the world economy.
He was a deeply humane man: warm, boyishly charming, and truly loved.
Free shuttle bus from Croton Harmon train station.
With Armstrong setting the pace for the last 2 steep kilometers (1.24 miles), the pair opened a lead of nearly half a minute over a few chasers, including Jan Ullrich, the German who is second over all behind Armstrong.
Its dating, while imprecise, tentatively ties it to the sudden disappearance, 247 million years ago, of trilobites, other marine invertebrates and early reptiles.
The relationship with General Contreras was viewed as ''necessary to accomplish the C.I.A.
''There is not another such bill, much less law, at the state level,'' declared Patricia Ireland, president of the National Organization for Women, who said NOW would like to see similar laws enacted in each state.
And he's not ashamed of that chicken.
Soccer players whipping off jerseys at every goal until they start getting yellow-carded, which creates a worldwide 38th Parallel above which they cannot yank.
I want to begin by thanking the entertainment industry for accepting my challenge to put voluntary ratings on TV programs and video and Internet games.
The project had been tied up in China's complex approval process for years.
This time, he rose to give one of his few floor speeches about gun control in 16 years in Congress.
I project a flourishing, innovative, multitiered system of free, private, for-profit transport at rates far below the cost of subway fare or taxi fare.''
As an artist and musician, Louis was par excellence, but as a human being, he was supreme.
This chair, lot 414 in Sotheby's sale on Wednesday, is an 18th-century precursor to the La-Z-Boy.
Sour cream coffeecake with walnuts is buttery and moist, serves 8 to 10; $38.
Rest peacefully in Heaven, our dear Ivan.
he shouted, and the r's in the Spanish corruptos trilled through the loudspeakers.
He says that he ''will try to steer clear of the kinds of information you expect to read.
The next day I called the chef, Eric Vernice, and he was happy to share the secret.
That he should stay strong.
In the end, it was Mr. de la Renta who received the top women's wear award, winning over Donna Karan and Mr. Lang, who was a no-show, even though he was a nominee in three categories.
''It could well be that settlement talks continue,'' he said, adding, ''Sometimes these things spark settlements,'' referring to the judge's opinion.
A CBS News poll conducted on Sunday night found that a majority of Americans -- 57 percent -- believed that federal agents had only done what was necessary to enforce the law.
3 Duke (21-3) and at Miami (16-9, 9-3), which upset the Huskies on Saturday, and a home game with No.
Yet the Festival of Light Web site has had close to 14,000 visitors since it went online in December, some from China, Ecuador, Iceland, Indonesia, Iran, Malaysia, Pakistan, Turkey, Ukraine and the United Arab Emirates.
''I don't think the fact that a drug is taken off the market is an indication that it should not have been approved,'' said Dr. John Jenkins, director of a drug evaluation office for the Food and Drug Administration.
On November 9th., 92 years old, born in Poland.
The NATO operation had triggered an all-out attack by the Serbian military on the civilian population, and thousands of ethnic Albanians were thought to have been killed.
Insurance companies say that they do not mean to discriminate against women, but that covering fertility treatments is too expensive.
This city was Ani, which 10 centuries ago was the seat of Armenian royalty.
Finally, a single vote does matter.
Today U.S. policy needs to focus on how to bring these countries down from the rogue tree into a U.S.-dominated international system, without their falling -- splat -- on the ground.
SIX FLAGS GREAT ADVENTURE ''9th Annual Fright Fest.''
Loyal sister to Milton, Janet and the late Harriet.
I've got to be sure Bush doesn't get elected.
Hollywood Video is the nation's second-largest video store chain, with 1,710 stores, behind Blockbuster Inc., with 7,248 stores.
Completed in 1993 by Saccardi & Schiff, land planners in White Plains, the master plan has served as the road map for the revitalization that is now taking place, the mayor said.
People expected me to be him.
Though his personality is appreciably more normal than most musicians who improvise for a living, he also talks a bit like an executive with a game plan, using phrases like ''exploring facets.''
The ultimate goal is to develop specific measures of quality spanning the entire course of care, from diagnosis to cure or death.
If you do like seafood, the choices include wonderful sardines wrapped in grape leaves and topped with thinly sliced rounds of lemon; the chewy, oniony octopus salad; and the rich taramosalata, fish roe whipped with olive oil and lemon.
Inside, the dining room noise is absolutely deafening.
From 1995 until the end of last year, when he was overthrown in the country's first coup, Mr. Bedie ceaselessly improvised at eliminating his rival, a former deputy director of the International Monetary Fund.
Felix Grucci Jr., 49, the president of Fireworks by Grucci since 1983, said that because of Congressional divestiture requirements, he would have to step down from the company before he is sworn in as a United States representative next month.
People drive two blocks to buy a loaf of bread; go slowly, exquisitely mad in freeway traffic jams and show up an hour and a half late (or a half-hour early) for dinner.
''I fell in love with the Beats the way I fell in love with Robert Johnson,'' she said.
With 1:05 left, Hemsley, this time from the left wing nailed the 3-pointer, to cut St. John's lead to 56-55.
''Questions about what to do next with the span that connects our two counties are bringing us together very rapidly,'' Mr. Zebrowski said.
They kept the Avalanche on the perimeters of their zone, denying the visitors much space directly in front of Brodeur, who is 8-5 against Roy.
Charlie's frustration is exacerbated by untoward developments in his latest race for re-election.
While investigators' attention has centered on the tire blowout, the Concorde's safety record has come under scrutiny in the past few weeks.
And Juliet Miller, executive director of the National Career Development Association in Columbus, Ohio, says, ''It used to be that you just sent out a resume, and you'd get a job.
But over the last week, Mr. Bradley has come out of his lofty closet and shown that when the crunch comes he is perfectly willing to dive into the type of politics he has professed to abhor.
There is little the cast can do.
She will represent the United States at the Bocuse d'Or competition in France next year, a cook-off established by Mr. Bocuse in 1987.
So why in the world would anybody want to make a movie about a president?
The board has been tracking net income for nine years.
Girding for criticism that CBS is blurring the line between entertainment and news, executives pointed out that plot twists were being treated as legitimate news by other media organizations throughout the nation.
Almost, that is, were it not for the strains of loud pop music playing in the background -- loud pop music that reminded my two children that our hike is just a preamble to the day's real entertainment.
Was it the fact that President Reagan rushed into Lebanon out of guilt over the Sabra and Shatila massacres without any preparation and, as a result, we became another faction in the Lebanese civil war?
But Bull Run declined, and acquisition talks will cease, Rawlings said.
He acknowledged that the alternative certification program had yet to be fully developed and approved by the Board of Regents.
''If you want to talk about price, you have to talk about what you are getting,'' he said.
He pointed out that last year his studio's ''Cider House Rules'' won none of the late-year awards but got seven Oscar nominations, the second highest number for any film, and won two.
He and Bonilla moved up on the first of Schourek's two wild pitches.
One of billions of amateur photographs, source unknown, the picture is a talisman of evaporated memory that over the years probably made its way from the corner drugstore to the family album, where it was briefly cherished.
The three-year-old battery did some extra work to turn the crankshaft.''
Mr. Lugo, who manages an audio store, calls his site Crisis, an acronym for Citizens Representing Interested Stakeholders in the Schools.
's chairman and chief executive, called the quarter solid, but John B. Jones, who follows the company for Salomon Smith Barney, summed up the results as understandable rather than satisfying.
Would have required nonsmoking areas in most restaurants.
Bishop Gerardi's killing was traumatic for Guatemala.
But awarding the Olympic Order to Honecker, an honor that had also been bestowed on Manfred Ewald, who was president of the East German Olympic Committee, was roundly criticized as giving at least tacit approval to state-sponsored doping -- a system that was long suspected and has since been revealed in courts and in released documents.
''You are the most irritable guy I've ever been around.''
''The guys came back and battled and tied the game up,'' White said.
But the Bush commercial's selective quotation about the ''McCain we know'' omitted the editorial's final two sentences: ''There is much there to admire.
''So much floor space is taken up with the furniture, so the sales per square foot are not as great as with, say, a clothing store.
But CueCat has been criticized for not being portable and for collecting personal information about users.
In the past, inmates usually just got time in special confinement wards for such behavior, but Mr. Kerik began pushing to prosecute them for new crimes in these cases.
Brookfield, another major landlord in the city, said it wanted to develop the project, but only under certain conditions.
The school superintendent, David W. Hornbeck, ended his six-year tenure today, and the Board of Education ushered in a new chief under a new management structure.
Only older people have made significant improvements in their activity levels.
With the rookie free-agent running back Mike Stack moving to his right to receive a screen pass in today's drill, Jones got into position.
With one signature, Carlos Delgado settled two issues yesterday: he agreed to a new four-year, $68 million contract with the Toronto Blue Jays, ensuring his continued employment as the team's first baseman and eradicating a question about who had been baseball's highest-paid player.
.7:04:07 28990 Krueger, T, 32F .
She recruited a treasurer and a co-president and started having meetings.
The Piers has a decent artificial bouldering wall made of a hard gray plastic material fashioned to simulate stone; it's dotted with colored holds that define the various routes and problems.
A show that makes you feel ridiculously happy one instant and seriously sleepy the next.
The message is health, and the soundtrack intones: ''You are what you eat.''
Even the poor own VCR's, microwave ovens and Sony Walkmans.
As the Republican convention opened yesterday with appeals to a broad range of voters, Hillary Rodham Clinton warned voters not to be deceived by a what she described as a ''well-scripted show'' intended to conceal the party's extremist record.
Even in those modest times of rudimentary television and relatively modest behavior, it was a very big thing.
Today, with the help of the vice president's E-rate program, more than half of them are; and 90 percent of our schools have at least one Internet connection.
As a young girl, she had not been close to her father, but as he grew older and wealthier, he frequently took her on trips and cruises with him.
But as the afternoon progressed, investors' fears subsided.
Dr. Frederick Seitz, past president of the National Academy of Sciences, said Dr. Friedman's first paper on X-ray stars was accepted with great reluctance by Physical Review, the top physics journal.
People who cannot act silly are permitted entry only on a limited basis.''
''It's partly loyalty to my New York cast and also self-serving; they know the key the play was written in.''
Still, the improvement is there, enough for Barry Schneider, chairman of Community Board No.
There is nothing nave in Joyce and if he depicted women as sexually primitive he was more prescient than anyone before or since,'' she writes.
Kelly Wunsch (4-3) picked up the victory with two-thirds of an inning in relief.
Others in camp know Mattingly much better than Johnson.
Dorinda C. Bordlee, a special assistant attorney general in Louisiana who has defended the state's 1997 ''partial birth'' ban, said she was considering advising the Louisiana legislature to amend its law to define the mother's health strictly as ''significant long-term physical risks.''
The lone Republican member of Broward County's canvassing board resigned today, saying that she could no longer work 15-hour days and that she wanted to go to California on vacation with her family.
After O'Neill missed the breaking pitch and struck out in the fourth inning this afternoon, his frustration immediately appeared, and it reflected the feelings of an exasperated team.
Tomorrow at 4:30 p.m. Pavel Nersessian, pianist, with works by Bach-Busoni, Schubert-Liszt, Wagner-Liszt and Verdi-Liszt.
O'CONNOR'S, 39 Fifth Avenue, between Bergen and Dean Streets, (718) 783-9721.
A pillar of the British merchant fleet hauling jute from India to Scotland, it was demasted in a storm off Cape Horn in 1910, faced junking for scrap and was finally rediscovered in 1968 by the South Street Seaport Museum, which is turning it into a floating museum and training vessel.
Before coming to Metro State, Dunlap spent three seasons as coach of the Adelaide 36ers in Australia's National Basketball League.
He is 25, not 23.
''They must have faxed every N.R.A.
We're not ready to pack it in.
As a campaign issue, tobacco control traditionally has carried little weight with voters.
-- at La Locanda is cute, but when the moment comes to order it, who is actually going to say the words?
He notes, ''A democratic politician who changed his name to 'Man of Steel' would, one hopes, have his political career finished by the laughter.''
The captain said the Taliban might have opened the hold for the hijackers -- a job that requires a special instrument, he said -- so they could get their baggage.
In its evening broadcast, News 12 reported that New York police detectives told the station that Steen Fenrich was gay and had posed for gay pornographic photographs.
So we are still just as uncertain about the origin of new species as the ecologists are about extinction mechanisms.
June 21-24: Teatro Hugo and Ines's production of ''Short Stories'' and the Saigon Water Puppet Theater.
A portion is squeezed into a shelf under an assemblage of broken appliances.
''Eventually, you have to stop and buy,'' he said.
Admission: $5; $4 for older people and students; free for members and children under 12.
And he added: ''While I am on paper acting mayor, my job is to keep the mayor informed at all times.''
Until the stocks trade in decimals, the tables will round their fraction prices to two decimal places.
It would be unrealistic for parents to expect their children not to be rude, whine, complain or resort to other forms of bad behavior in such circumstances.
Like a number of lesbian couples, Christine T. and Janis C. wanted children.
''The major challenge now is to ensure that people follow the jobs now being created.''
The announcement of Mr. Bush's choice is not expected before Tuesday.
Ken Prusa, a professor of food science at Iowa State University in Ames, argued that moisture, not fat, is the key to flavor.
Hours: Mondays through Thursdays, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.; other times by appointment.
One fears that our taste for imaginative events that transcend electoral horizons may be damaged permanently by our recent real-life legal orgies.
The quickened pace of the investigation, which was originally intended to conclude by June, has prompted more public demonstrations of support for Knight, as well as newly stated opposition to the embattled coach.
The accounts are ideal for people who can roughly predict their medical costs.
At other times, when the dioxin falls on water, it is picked up by algae, which in turn are consumed by crustaceans and fish, and then by the marine mammals that eat them.
In his first appearance of the year at Toronto, Bottalico got a save after allowing a home run to Tony Battista.
''What prematurity is about,'' Mrs. Martin said, ''is risk.
Between 1976 and 1986, the national population grew from 33.7 million to 49.4 million.
''Well, Justice Brennan,'' said Joseph P. Klock Jr., a lawyer for the Florida secretary of state, as he addressed a question from Justice John Paul Stevens.
Services Thursday 1 PM at Gutterman's Inc., 175 Long Beach Road, Rockville Centre, Long Island.
Walter Riester, the Social Democratic labor minister, has proposed limiting the stays of the new green-card immigrants to an initial period of three and a maximum of five years.
Accordingly, he said, information about the company that insured the letter writer's home should be on file with the department.
advisory committee recommended four years ago that the drug be approved and the agency, under its former commissioner, Dr. David A. Kessler, wrote to the Population Council saying the drug could be approved if certain conditions were met.
A letter was sent to Firestone dealers warning of the dangers of using the wrong size tire: ''Failure to follow these precautions may adversely affect the handling of the vehicle and possibly cause loss of control and rollover, which could result in serious injury or death.''
.4:32:37 17315 Saubier, N, 36M .
But Pricewaterhouse will have to come up with an alternative response to these trends, and the company's value can be expected to go down if uncertainty about the future of its consulting unit drives away employees.
LOVE FOR THE HOLIDAYS, Joe's Pub, 425 Lafayette Street, at Astor Place, East Village, (212) 239-6200.
In percent (Sources: Salomon Smith Barney; Telerate; The Bond Buyer)
The contacts Mr. Sapir made in New York proved a boon when the Soviet Union collapsed.
Many of the poems in ''The Boys at Twilight'' are about England and Englishness.
Sales of the newer units are outpacing the pacemaker business.
His gut-wrenching pain as the stabbed and dying Mercutio was almost too believable.
''People can't even fish there, and there is no real development.''
''They were willing to trample all standards of fairness -- not to mention the Constitution -- in their effort to drive him from office,'' he says.
''On the plane, you have to sit on the aisle, not too far from the lavatory.''
Bayuaji performed the entire eight-hour play by himself except for a brief interlude in which his father indulged the audience.
Mr. Lopez says the issue is not the superintendent, but the neighborhood's poverty.
The breeders are also working on cultivars of coral bells that have extra-tall, extra-prolific stems of extra-large flowers.
Consolidating that empire means subjugating the Eritreans, who control access to the Red Sea, without which Ethiopia is a landlocked state.
The oligarchs -- the tiny group of men who got rich by acquiring state property in rigged deals -- are a trickier problem.
This tipped the scales for me.
A night of covert love-making is over; another day of exhausting deception has begun.
NAKED By Luigi Pirandello, in a new version by Nicholas Wright; directed by John Rando; sets by Derek McLane; costumes by Ilona Somogyi; lighting by Russell H. Champa; sound by David Van Tieghem; production stage manager, Karyn Meek; general manager, Jason Loewith.
HERE are three recent novels full of vivid detail, weaving New York City life through larger tales of crime and corruption, on gangland life at the turn of the century, young unorthodox detectives from Brooklyn and a corrupt precinct of the New York City Police Department.
Born and raised in Paterson, N.J., Mr. Pitofsky was the first in his family to attend college; his father worked in a silk mill.
Mr. Bosak, who has written an unpublished history of the New York Police Department in the Bronx, says that he has a list with 62 names of fallen police officers.
Mr. Wei, 50 years old, said he moved temporarily to Washington from New York so that he could lobby full-time to defeat permanent trade ties, one of the Clinton administration's top foreign policy priorities.
The West has zero leverage on Mr. Milosevic at a time when security in the Balkans is again deteriorating.
When the pods are crisp, remove the beans.
Kirksay, the conference player of the year, was taken off on a stretcher with a back injury, but he returned late in the game.
''This guy was following me around like I was going to steal something.
''The new economic paradigm is about the knowledge economy, and that is always going to follow the quality of life,'' Mr. Watson said.
Friday at 8 p.m. Tickets: $15.
This has repeatedly returned Gore to the same shaky ground -- his political ability -- while lending heft to a related doubt about him: that he is a programmable man guided more by tactics than beliefs.
Prone to hyperbole that matches his wildly unpredictable game, the 28-year-old Croat, who ranked in the top 20 for nine straight years before falling dramatically in the last two years, never fails to make a statement even in defeat.
It would have been $1,000, $2,000 at the most.''
The Web sites of foreign publications are sometimes blocked by the government, but many educated Chinese know how to circumvent the restrictions and individual articles are often posted in Chinese chat rooms, which are more difficult for the government to monitor.
Blind people can't easily tell if a job candidate is white or black, thin or obese, plain or pretty.
Performances are tonight at 8, gala opening; Sunday at 2:30 p.m.; Monday night at 7:30.
When Mrs. Esposito celebrated her 55th anniversary with the magazine, her co-workers honored her by singing their own version of the theme from Cabaret.
''We are simply not that far away from a time when American apartheid was in place,'' he says.
In Online Auctions, Rings of Bidders A close analysis of eBay art auctions reveals that the flourishing cyberauction world faces a deeper and more intransigent problem than people who bid on their own items to drive up the price: the prospect of rings of shill bidders, acting as partners.
It has been a long time now, more than five years of incarceration, long enough for Leandro Luis Bernardo Dias to learn the ways of this prison seething with more than 7,200 people: the suspicion, the drugs, the betrayals, the stabbings, the AIDS, the hymns that come at close of day and the cries of protest that announce the night.
Whose language is it anyway?
''I had to eat in front of the warden.
Crashing Without Pain Shoppers who used to read text about crash-test results can now see the crashes for themselves, thanks to a Web-based insurance company that is evidently eager to draw more traffic to its site.
Justice Breyer's decision said that Nebraska, because of its broad phrasing, imposed an ''undue burden'' on a woman's right to choose a D & E abortion.
''More and more, children like mine are going to be part of the future here, and that is why I don't get upset or impatient about things.''
Keith Bremer, 45, chief financial officer at DDB in New York, was named to the new post of chief operating officer.
The Capitals won their second straight and now own their first winning streak of the season.
But the political fact is that Mr. McCain has the endorsement of most of the state's Republicans in Congress, of most Republicans in the State Legislature and most of the state's big-city mayors and county officials.
People are passionate about food.''
He said it would take a couple of deals before all investors would be comfortable with purely electronic buying, adding, ''We will do this one and do another one, and as time goes by, we will see where the comfort level is and then go to the next level.''
Don't worry about boring the traveling press; get three major messages firmly in your mind and deliver them without the crutch of notes.
Kevin Liles, president of the urban labels Def Jam and Def Soul Records (which includes Sisqo, a rhythm-and-blues singer, and Redman, a rapper), said there was one employee whose job was to pore over lyric sheets with a red pen, circle the explicit lyrics, show them to him and then sit at the computer covering up all offending words with sound effects to create a clean version.
The network built the audience in recent months through reruns of the first season during the summer, when many people saw the show for the first time.
But the United States' recent decision to provide $1.3 billion in emergency aid to Mr. Pastrana, combined with Mr. Clinton's visit to Cartagena, Colombia, on Wednesday, forced an unexpected reordering of priorities.
The fourth-ranked Orangemen were the last unbeaten team in Division I men's basketball.
A couple would pay almost twice as much.
Quaker Oats, which agreed to be acquired by PepsiCo in a $13.4 billion all-stock deal, gained $2.06, to 91.06; PepsiCo rose $1.44, to $43.81.
A nominating form can be downloaded from the Web site www.ipo.org.
B9 NEW YORK/REGION B1-7 Two Algerians Arrested In Terrorism Inquiry Two Algerians, one in Brooklyn and the other in Seattle, have been arrested in the continuing investigation of a terrorist bomb plot.
''I think he is just trying to win popularity and make himself a hero to cover up for his own failures,'' Mr. Munir said.
This is the menacing charm of soccer, because one stinker of a game, one wayward ball, one flub, one grotesque penalty call, can upset millions of dollars' worth of preparation.
Her husband, Norman (Harrison Ford), is a driven research scientist who's never home to offer any emotional support.
Information: (32-87) 55-3450; fax (32-87) 55-6639.
In this rendering of a most thoroughly examined life, the emphasis falls squarely on the examination.
Hotwire gives the fare, including taxes, airport fees and fuel surcharges, for the cities and travel dates selected before asking for credit card information.
Defense lawyers had argued that prosecutors should have informed them that Jeff Gwen, a friend of the two victims, had corrected a mistake he made in initial statements to the police.
The son of Mary and Joseph, 30 years old and still holding back from setting out on his real mission in life, has nightmares about the future: wars, crusades and immolations that will be carried out in his name.
Age 84, formerly of Hackensack, NJ, and Lake Wales, FL, and most recently of Sewickley, PA. Beloved wife of Alvin Henschel & their daughter Josette (Henschel) Ludwig of MA, and her children, Loren and Tobin, sister of Paula Schneider of NJ.
All-Star Game, the fans also voted in Wicks, the team's seventh-leading scorer.
Jean Sibelius composed and conducted the premiere of his tone poem ''The Oceanides'' in the summer of 1914.
Chateau Lafayette Reneau won the Governor's Cup for its '99 dry riesling ($11), which 16 judges voted best riesling, best white wine and best wine in the show.
contenders: ''I'm better, I'm better, I'm better.'')
Until this year, the two largest American companies offering same-sex benefits had been I.B.M.
Friends may call at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st St., Tuesday & Wednesday, 2 to 5 and 7 to 9PM.
Mr. Erakat slowly read the letter aloud, translating for Mr. Clinton and advisers who were with him, including Secretary of State Madeleine K. Albright and Samuel R. Berger, the national security adviser.
FALCONE CBS, tonight at 9 and tomorrow night through April 12, except Sunday night, at 10 (Channel 2 in New York) Robert Singer, Mark Johnson, John Lee Hancock, Bobby Moresco and Ken Solarz, executive producers.
Tattoo the Earth is intended to honor this ultimate commitment to strangeness alongside the music that, to many ears, shares its stance.
It is understandable, then, that while Des Moines or even Davenport might greet the arrival of a national office-seeker these days with a bit of a yawn, Red Oak is more prone to gasp.
Colonel Ivantsov said that hospital guards need to be more vigilant and that the hospital might try to improve its security by declining to admit civilians.
Asked if Hardaway would start, Coach Pat Riley said: ''I don't know yet.
It is true that she profited greatly from Mayor Rudolph Giuliani's decision to retire from the race for medical reasons, as well as Representative Lazio's late start, which put him at a disadvantage financially and in terms of name recognition.
Yeah right, buddy, and I'm the Duchess of Windsor.
The gym echoed with squeaking sneakers.
Sheldon Silver, the Assembly speaker and a Democrat who generally supports casinos in depressed areas, said he was unsure whether the governor could act unilaterally and would not comment further.
In 1987, a fund allowed developing nations to convert their industrial processes.
JAMES L. WILKES II Tampa, Fla., Aug. 8, 2000 The writer is a lawyer who represents victims of nursing home abuse.
''This shows us that winter is still winter in the United States.''
In musicals, humor is the leavening that stops sentimentality from falling flat.
By then, however, they had been living together for weeks.
''Act Up didn't come out of a vacuum,'' he observed.
The MetroStars expect more than 20,000 fans to attend the game, according to Nick Sakiewicz, the team's new general manager, who is expecting ''a huge walk-up crowd.''
''I can see if people in Farmingville believe that if they're not working they should go back home or to a factory and not mess up the look of Farmingville.''
''It was really fun,'' Raven said.
At one point Mr. Clinton, in attempting to deflect questions designed to show a pattern of bad behavior, denied having had sexual relations with Monica Lewinsky.
Crew was criticized, like his failure to set clear standards for principals, superintendents and the promotion of failing students.
''INSIDE THREE HISTORIC GEMS'' visits three lower Manhattan buildings -- the Alexander Hamilton United States Customs House, Trinity Church and the Woolworth Building.
They were just popping out.
Perhaps the spirit of Lee is only to be known intimately in the act of reading his wonderfully vivid writings.
Levy, the New York City schools chancellor, released a brief statement yesterday saying he was disappointed with the test results.
Gervase has four children, but he's not married.)
The board said it would accept all ballots, including those with dimpled chads.
The company's main business plan is to sell genomic data, but its problem is that the public consortium makes all its genomic data available free.
Taiwan's deputy prime minister, Yu Shyi-kun, resigned to take responsibility.
The helicopter hovering above the rails will communicate with the railroad police on the ground, as well as with local authorities, who often are called in to help catch vandals or trespassers that the train's crew has spotted.
''Look at that,'' Ms. Bardash exclaimed, laughing.
''People do get into trouble, they do need help at times,'' said Megan E. McLaughlin, executive director of the federation.
The value of the market, as measured by the Standard & Poor's 500 has risen 139 percent during that time.
Still, she said, ''it's so jarring'' to find that the bank made only two loans to African-Americans in the Newark metropolitan area in 1998.
To the extent that social science can measure religious attitudes and conduct -- rates of belief and membership, for instance, or frequency of worship and prayer -- what stands out is how glacial the changes are over decades.
They had as many scoring opportunities.
letter, the Spondylitis Association of America, a patient advocacy group that represents people with Reiter's syndrome, recently voted to call Reiter's syndrome reactive arthritis.
For the first time, Israel is witnessing an explosion of private wealth generated by foreign markets and foreign investment.
A physicist can imagine a weight hung from a spring, bouncing up and down, and fix this mental image with an equation.
The kitchen is at its best with unfussy food, like grilled veal chop, blackened tuna and perhaps the most perfect duck in the city.
Thomas Sellers, 50 Had His Prostate Removed Thomas Sellers, a 50-year-old resident of Brookline, Mass., is not only a prostate cancer survivor, he is also chief financial officer of the New England division of the American Cancer Society.
SOUND LEVEL -- Loud when the restaurant is full.
''But if I did get a kidney, I would say a prayer for that person's family that it came from with thanks.
The boisterous room seems as big as Grand Central Terminal and is lively at almost any hour.
Let's look at the evidence and then try to mete out some justice.
There's a general trend in modern Orthodoxy to move to the right, and it's highly likely that the next leader will move the synagogue that way.''
.4:26:41 15988 Stahlhofen, F, 33M .
Then, there was the massive Bronx Developmental Center, completed by Mr. Meier in 1976 with wide publicity.
As part of the settlement he announced yesterday, the company, recently bought by VoiceStream Wireless, agreed to ''clarify claims regarding the privacy or security of calls'' between its Global System mobile network and other systems, Mr. Spitzer said.
Such live continuous images of animals are fast becoming a staple of zoo Web sites, as more powerful computers, broadband and slicker marketing take hold.
''But there's something to be said about the fact they still come to work every day and give everything.
But the stories do not get published in Seepersad's lifetime.
He shouted at Referee Brian Murphy, turned and smashed his stick against the glass, snapping off the blade, and swung the broken piece of equipment in Murphy's direction, forcing the linesman Greg Devorski to duck to avoid getting hit in the head with the stick.
The small storefront dining room is clean, simple and cool.
It also would provide equal time for candidates who are the targets of such independent expenditures.
The timing of the photo's release -- three weeks before the Republican National Convention in Philadelphia, just across the Delaware River from Camden -- could hardly be worse for the governor.
The motto for mowing is follow the one-third rule.
''The marketplace is demonstrating some need for additional capacity.''
He has 1,179 victories and 981 losses in his career, and he won his lone N.B.A.
''The Farewell Songs,'' in a virtuoso performance by Lucy Shelton, gasps, spits, hisses and rants but also indulges in opera-singer rhetoric and a traditional if distorted Viennese waltz.
The advocacy group's no-punches-pulled message: George Nethercutt is a liar.
Supplies proved inadequate when a cold snap struck in late January, causing heating oil prices to spike.
Predictably, the Florio campaign tried to play down the numbers, calling the results flawed and accusing the college of trying to manipulate the race (but even Mr. Florio's imaginative handlers could not come up with a good explanation of why a college in Connecticut would want to sway a New Jersey primary).
As the current economic expansion gets older, ''there is a natural conservatism,'' said James R. Gregory, the chief executive of Corporate Branding, a brand strategy company in Stamford, Conn. ''People want to hold on to the gains.''
''Eventually, we are hoping to move into animation in the house,'' he said.
Both trials ended in hung juries.
It was in Jerusalem's Old City, but not on the Temple Mount.
Surfside, the 3-year-old filly who was considered a candidate for either the Kentucky Derby or the Kentucky Oaks, was found yesterday to have a bone chip in her left front ankle that will keep her from racing for several months.
It's no coincidence that the Once-ler, who narrates his story in the first person, calls the Lorax ''Dad.''
Curtis Gans, the committee's director, attributed the increase to Senator McCain's success in mobilizing independents and Democrats in states where they were allowed to vote in Republican primaries, and also in galvanizing Christian conservatives and Republican regulars who turned out to support his rival, George W. Bush.
I have the memory of how incredible it was to be that young, to have that kind of access and be able to have a dialogue with professionals you completely admired and were slightly intimidated by.
For instance, the ads running with the label ''Rebel'' identify the young man as Lucky Spencer of ''All My Children''; the actor shown is Jacob Young, who recently took over the part from Jonathan Jackson.
But to opponents of the group, the primary subject matter is inappropriate for a school organization.
Below 96th Street, nearly every residential building is a co-op.
Yes, Vince Carter threw down a tremendous alley-oop dunk in the first half, which left the fans in a state of disbelief.
Port Chester's downtown waterfront has been depressed and in need of rehabilitation for three decades, Mayor Christine Korff said.
Those states will have just one year to spend the extra money, which reverts to the Treasury after Sept. 30, 2001.
By placing these vague references to language among the fallen trees and frozen highlights, Mr. Torlen adds a sort of quiet wisdom, as if the forest is trying to convey an inner calm born of the promise of the cycle of life.
Mr. Zwibelman, 27, is a lawyer in the voting rights section of the Civil Rights Division of the Justice Department in Washington.
He graduated from CCNY in 1938,and from NYU Dental School in the Class of 1942.
Wilson stayed through 1957, and spent the rest of his life (he died in 1976) as a freelance painter for museums.
''I normally don't like censorship fights,'' said Efraim Zurdoff, director of the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Israel.
Although the study included men, there were too few who both used phenylpropanolamine and suffered strokes to draw any conclusions about the risks in men.
I think in five years or so when this whole speculative period of the Internet is over it's going to resemble a real business.
Unless you are planning to bring paramours back to the room your first week of school -- this sounds awfully optimistic to me, but perhaps my own freshman experience is not a reliable guide here -- there is no reason to hasten this conversation.
They were then loaded onto police buses and driven away.
These are not what Fauchon is planning to sell here.
''I don't pay them so that they can beat me up,'' President Jose Lopez Portillo noted in 1982.
Entombment at Cedar Park Cemetery, Westwood.
''A lot more of our strategic decisions, like doing the Iowa straw poll and waiving the matching funds,'' the aide said, ''were about not letting Forbes do to us what he'd done to Dole.''
Mr. Gore won an early endorsement for his presidential candidacy from unions this year, and has told union leaders that he would take a different approach to trade than Mr. Clinton.
Within a few years, they have a chronically congested four-lane road instead.
''I could have stayed in Edmonton and quit when I was 65, been very comfortable and lived a great lifestyle,'' Sather said.
Meeting people, she said, should not be left to chance: ''Arrive early and get comfortable with the surroundings.
Devoted sister to Laurie Goldberg and Robert Pearlstein.
He continued: ''Bosko is face-down on the pavement, right arm bent awkwardly behind him.
''One reason why I stayed calm is that I'm playing so well.
A quibble: why are there no interior shots for eight of the featured projects, including some of the most intriguing cases, built by celebrities like William Randolph Hearst, Jack London and Joel McCrea?
It was the sixth-worst day in Nasdaq history on a percentage basis, and left the index at its lowest level since early January.
.3:43:53 5617 Crespo, G, 31M .
The deal, they said, effectively puts the ownership of significant independent winemakers in play.
It features readings from Proust's masterwork, ''In Search of Lost Time''; the first public reading of sections of Harold Pinter's ''Proust Screenplay,'' a production of the National Theater in London this fall, and musical selections from Proust contemporaries like Gabriel Faure and Reynaldo Hahn.
Five times I faced near death at the hands of dictators.
Ambitious Israeli-Jordanian development projects -- including an envisioned binational airport and industrial zone between Aqaba and Eilat -- have fallen victim to cross-border bureaucratic squabbles.
He cites the reputation that Mr. Domingo has brought to the company and its growth since Ms. Mossel became executive director in 1995.
A1 Gore's Union Card in Iowa The heavily unionized work force in the farm-equipment factories and meat-packing plants of Iowa is a major factor behind the Gore camp's confidence that the vice president will win the Jan. 24 caucuses.
on 28 June, aged 89.
Nine More Tackles for Jones Linebacker Marvin Jones continued to lay waste to opposing offenses.
Constant has an acute sensitivity to instrumental sonorities: the work begins with sustained, soft high tones traded between the violin and a solo clarinet, then picked up by other winds and strings, to create an unearthly effect as fresh as anything produced electronically.
I really do expect them to accept the will of the people.''
Cynthia S. Wickwire Lundquist, a Presbyterian minister, performed the ceremony at the First Presbyterian Church in Fredonia, N.Y.
You would not put a cat in the refrigerator because it is alive.
The lights still shone and no terrorists intruded on the gaiety.
In her sixth annual address to the Legislature, Mrs. Whitman, who in past years has used the occasion to tackle difficult problems like high auto insurance rates and rising property taxes, instead outlined a modest agenda for her remaining two years in office, with the state's economy, education, the environment, and the elderly all sharing her attention.
.4:32:22 17269 Schmidt, D, 46M .
Joe Torre said more than a week ago that Chuck Knoblauch would play second base in the World Series, when the games shifted to Shea Stadium.
While Isaac Manjo, who moved to America from his native Liberia, was initially put off by the sculpture not being a likeness of Ashe, he seemed to appreciate the rest of it.
The helicopter patrol will also help watch the rails when trains are carrying valuable goods, sensitive military equipment or important government officials.
It's sort of a no-pressure kind of thing.''
But he has also said he acted alone, and claimed in court to be Jesus.
''I wasn't surprised but I was disappointed,'' said Lewis, who remains the World Boxing Council and International Boxing Federation champion and who will fight the unbeaten Grant.
It's also truer than previous biennials to what goes on across the country, truer to the character of the American scene, where artists come from other countries, more respectful of different generations and multiple strategies.
The third shadow blots out the light -- morning, noon and afternoon -- and is not going away.
''Then,'' Mr. McBlain remembers, ''we arranged for some dyes and leather and tools, and Winfred was off and running.''
Individual contributions, such as the many beautiful solos from the woodwinds or the timpanist's deft attacks, whether soft or vigorous, were the achievements of particular musicians but also of the whole group, for everyone was bent to the same intent.
The man, a 60-year-old real-estate agent who didn't want his name used, said he had ''been kind of hyper'' for as long as he could remember.
''I'm a traditionalist,'' said Alberto Rinaldis, a computer consultant from Morristown, acknowledging that using a $700 stainless steel Montblanc fountain pen for business is a bit of a dichotomy given his profession.
The breakdown left just one known bidder in the field -- a government-backed British consortium known as the Phoenix Project, whose overtures BMW rejected only Thursday on the ground that its financing was uncertain.
Gilbert, whose old-hat Beaux-Arts approach pegged him as a reactionary when he died in 1934, is most admired for the Woolworth Building, but he also designed other local landmarks.
''KINGDOM OF THE SUN,'' directed by Zac Whinnem, is knights and courtiers, Monty Python style.
''Broadcom focused on acquiring Intel technology by inducing Intel employees to disclose trade secrets.''
Hanging over walls that are painted buttermilk, the balcony looked like the rim on a cup of gold.
Most of the two-hour film consists of Atticus's stay in Mexico, where he goes to claim his son's body and investigate the circumstances of his death.
Sutton Place Synagogue records with deep sorrow the loss of our longtime member, past trustee and benefactor.
Brown's varsity also won the Sally P. Shoemaker Trophy, which goes to the highest-placing Ivy League crew at these championships.
Studies published in the Journal of the American Medical Association and the New England Journal of Medicine showed increases in resistant bacteria in children and adults with pneumonia, meningitis, bloodstream infections and food poisoning.
And Ms. Sarandon and Aretha Franklin represent women ''who, as we say in the pages of the magazine, are better than ever,'' Ms. Blyth said.
Mr. Cohen does not provide an Al Gore figure, though it's easy to imagine one visiting Y on a weekend trip from H. In the end, though, ''The Skulls'' is less interested in politics than in profitably flattering the suspicions and resentments of its intended teenage audience.
''A huge piece of metal sculpture could act as a lightning conductor, and must be grounded,'' he said.
''I didn't need to give it to my kids.
The fund said any future disbursements of aid to the country would be administered by the fund itself and would not be deposited directly in Ukraine.
Late in the game, while the Devils were on a power play, Arnott was hit in the face by Derian Hatcher, the big Dallas defenseman and captain, who is known for his rough play.
In the Diallo case, the question is whether any pause in the police gunfire was long enough for officers to realize that Mr. Diallo, who did not have a weapon, did not pose a threat.
Mrs. Gordon took over when her husband died at age 86 in 1989.
Bullpen Gets a Rest Four of the Mets' established relievers -- Dennis Cook, Pat Mahomes, Turk Wendell and Rick White -- pitched only one game apiece during the just-completed six-game homestand.
But to Palestinians, the Israeli call for ''separation'' has Jim Crow undercurrents of ''separate but equal'' -- that is, separate and unequal, with restrictions on all aspects of their economic life.
''These days the battle has changed to the Parliament against the judiciary.''
A third collection, ''28 Stories,'' was published in 1969.
The most vital came after Wake Forest cut into a 10-point Duke lead, moving within 68-65 with 5:10 left on three free throws by the freshman Josh Howard, who paced all scorers with 19 points.
As it turns out, many of the players from 1998 are still on the scene today -- either as campaign advisers or commentators -- and both Democrats and Republicans, apparently unabashed, raced to the opposite side of the ideological field and marshaled the same arguments that had been used against them the last time.
Jimmy Halperin, a jazz saxophonist from Northport, recently returned to his white Mustang parked at Main Beach in Southampton to find a $100 ticket on the windshield.
Here, the hard wooden chairs and streaked lime-green walls, the sparse setting and ominous closed door (which, unlike the doors to most theaters, is in full view of the spectators), suggest both the incarceration of the characters and the shrinking of their world.
But then she falls for a New York investment banker (Benjamin Bratt), which leads to a messy parenting conflict and turns a film with smart promise into ''a stumbling, poor man's 'Kramer vs. Kramer' '' (Holden).
Prosecutors said the officer wanted to pay off $40,000 in credit card debt the couple had run up.
''I never received a call from anyone, and the United States does not act in that manner,'' he said.
Besides, in a fast-moving industry, no one knows how to specify today the unforeseeable violations in the future.
''Our answer was, 'No, we can live with that,' '' an American intelligence official recalled.
''They said they saw it everywhere, even in bookstores, and they didn't like it.''
Columbia Pictures was putting the best spin possible on the opening weekend for ''The Patriot,'' a film that many expected to end up in first place, largely on the strength of the drawing power of its star, Mel Gibson, and the track record of its director, Roland Emmerich.
The idea is to get the best face-lift for you.'
Yet somehow, things are playing out differently.
(Some may find the picture vaguely homophobic, with the prince's brother treating young boys primarily as prey.)
MECCA-Anthony S. With profound sorrow, the faculty, students, staff, and alumni of the New York University College of Dentistry record the passing or our beloved Professor, mentor, benefactor, and colleague, Dr. Anthony S. Mecca.
DIVISION I MEN Two teams in need of a few breaks in order to make the 12-team field of the N.C.A.A.
''It is just a very small selection, perhaps to introduce this music to some people who don't know it,'' he said.
THE pastry chef at Esca, a new restaurant in the theater district, has thrown caution -- and half a sheet of gelatin -- to the wind.
Eritrea has already accepted the plan.
Volendam Capacity 1,440 passengers; 63,000 tons, two outdoor pools, one with retractable dome; spa, fitness center, casino, international cuisine, choice of restaurants; entered service in 1999.
He never once mentioned his troubles, she said, but in frequent chats would focus on her mundane cares and would offer a bit of Army-slang advice about always being persistent in life.
''May he rest in peace.''
If Young signs with the Pirates, however, he gives up his final two years of basketball at Princeton.
Cooper made a very difficult shot.
The two races were winnable by both sides in the battle for control of the new House of Representatives, and the two parties' national organizations spent heavily in the contests.
''It expresses the wish that Taiwan and China can advance together by joining hands,'' said Henry Huang, a Taiwanese who will run the plant's production planning department.
Only a longer view down the great slant of green to my left.
Skunk City, where residents say the namesake critters still roam at night, is somewhere in between: a well-kept house is followed by a rundown place, then another nice one, then an abandoned wreck -- or two or three.
In addition to collapsing the national and stylistic divide between artists working at the same historical moment, Mr. Rosenblum also views the past through the lens of the present, drawing uncanny connections between the art of then and now.
And because the movie is about alter egos inside you that you're afraid to show, I thought it would be very gutsy for me to just go for it.''
But the Executive Mansion is still a house: home to a family, site of festive meals, with a high-traffic kitchen, a spare room for guests and a well-kept lawn.
'' But Peter Davila, who guards the Christmas tree at Rockefeller Center, said he had great hopes for the Bush presidency.
The men were also barred from disposing of any of their assets.
.4:00:49 9828 Markowitz, L, 40F .
For example, during the day, when homemakers are most likely to be shopping, point-of-purchase displays might feature families using a product.
His optimistic message of individuality, distrust of government and reliance on markets would undoubtedly make him a dot-comer.
Carrie Addison, 44, who owns a convenience-store franchise, just groaned at the mention of Mr. Clinton's moral lapses.
Dick Vermeil, the St. Louis Rams' famously emotional coach, said today that Sunday's stirring Super Bowl victory did not move him to tears in the team's locker room afterward.
But according to people involved in the talks and in Columbia's expansion plans, John Zuccotti, a university trustee who heads the buildings and grounds committee, talked with Mr. Trump about the parcel in August and scheduled a meeting for next week.
Susan Dziubinski, until recently editor of Morningstar Fund Investor, was in fifth place for the quarter with a gain of 17.68 percent.
He said the trial judge, Karla Moskowitz, had not yet ruled on his challenge of Ms. Lara's medical expert.
SCHWARTZ-Harold, DDS, 79, of New York on June 30, 2000.
Mr. Blain is part of a population of poor people that is expanding despite the continuing economic boom.
Bass offered $9.50 a share for Bristol.
But just as a lot of religious doctrine and ritual is esoteric, so is much of the art.
(+) Rankings reflect sales, for the week ending Sept. 23, at almost 4,000 bookstores plus wholesalers serving 60,000 other retailers (gift shops, department stores, newsstands, supermarkets), statistically weighted to represent all such outlets nationwide.
It has conducted several studies in the last couple of years with Columbia University and Northwestern University on Somnavue's effect in seasonal affective disorder and sleep disorders.
We meet Joanna, an attractive young model who ticks off a list of her idols, led by Naomi Campbell.
Two women entering the store clutched their identical blue boxes and discussed how much money their boyfriends had spent on their Christmas gifts.
In selling off Elandsrand and Deelkraal, Anglo will lose 500,000 ounces in annual production and 10 million ounces in reserves.
Not all the messages are saccharine.
''It's a mess,'' said Irina Efimenko, chief accountant for RosInter, which owns more than 20 restaurants in Moscow.
''But 'Vertical Limit' is one of the most thrilling action films I have ever seen in my life.
But my guide -- bless him -- returned.
Pellman said his committee had overseen a study to discover what sort of football collisions cause concussions, using computerized analysis of game footage and crash-test dummies to re-create collisions.
CAREER -- Accountant and partner, Arthur Andersen & Company, 1962-1984; member of Congress, 1985-89; financial consultant and author, 1989-present; president, Albanian American Civic League, 1989-present; president, Truth in Government, 1989-present.
The documentary refuses to milk Wallace's last years for sympathy, though, an admirably hardheaded choice.
By the mid-1980's, he was a half-owner of the studio.
The three questions are: How much did she weigh at birth?
In 1992 he was fined and banned from Germany after he was convicted under the German law that makes Holocaust denial a crime.
Madame Rotival lived a memorable life.
But that truth was a private one, alien to public discourse, where the miraculous myth of Austrian victimhood prevailed.
''I said it in the heat of the moment,'' he said.
Instead he led the heart nine, challenging South in that suit.
The creatures of the Venetian lagoon in the hands of an expert chef are as memorable as they are rare, but most visitors to La Serenissima, trapped in the world of mass tourism or deterred by appalling prices at the top end, come away with the impression that Venetian food is not very good and way overpriced.
She is a Bensonhurst Mae West.''
He describes it like this: ''I've already hit all the rocks.
B4 SPORTS D1-8 OBITUARIES A19 SCIENCE/HEALTH A New Greenhouse Gas Scientists have found rising levels of a newly identified synthetic gas that traps heat in air more effectively than other compounds released by industry and fuel-burning.
He told Mr. Ivanov that with the struggle in Chechnya continuing it would be very hard to do business in Russia.
As Mr. Bush and Mr. Ridge traveled around Pennsylvania this week, reporters repeatedly asked the Texas governor whether Mr. Ridge's position on abortion would remove him from consideration.
''She went along with the newer ideas I had, and that gave me the idea that I wasn't in left field.''
The recent quarter's average return on assets, an indicator of an institution's profitability, declined to 93 percentage points from 104 points in the first quarter, the office said.
In a way, the court has as much at stake in the playing out of this national drama as either of the politicians whose fate five justices chose on Saturday to take into their hands.
I have to make sure that I'm all right.''
-- until I threatened unspecified legal action.
-- who do hold one or both of these beliefs.
Franklin understood that I was serious.
The proposal came after the government demanded on Thursday that the family take swift steps to return the boy to his father in Cuba, following a federal judge's ruling this week affirming the government's decision to send Elian back.
Two years ago, a star member of the football and wrestling teams was convicted of sexually assaulting a 14-year-old female student at a party.
''At present,'' Mr. Buzek said, ''it is my responsibility to ensure that all state functions continue undisturbed.
Norman Adler, a Democratic political consultant, added that ''the nature of Giuliani's problem is that instead of the presidential candidate carrying him, the presidential candidate will be a monkey on his back.''
South was now cut off from dummy's hearts and had to fail by a trick.
With an estimated 100,000 medical Web sites, patients can look up any disease, drug or medical condition in seconds.
One small distributor, Dubin Medical Inc. in Santa Barbara, Calif., sent a fax to hospitals on Monday saying it could deliver the flu vaccine on Tuesday.
After one week, the Stanley Cup playoffs have provided a lot of goals in several games, strange goals in some games and one grand episode of bizarre behavior by a goalie.
By the latest count, which rose with fresh announcements yesterday, astronomers have detected massive black holes at the centers of more than 30 galaxies.
''You can't come out and defend solely against the quarterback running the ball, making that your only priority,'' Redskins safety Mark Carrier said.
''Fundamentally, Time Warner has something AOL doesn't have: great media brands built up over decades.
In his final examinations he was marked down for a second by the philosophy department, scraping a first-class degree only on the strength of his ancient history papers.
Bank of Scotland's offer is for the 85.1 percent of ICC Bank that is owned by the Irish government; the remaining 14.9 percent will continue to be held by a trust for an employee share option plan.
He sought to raise doubts about one of Mr. Bush's most potent selling points: that he could defeat a Democrat in the general election.
As the war boosted his popularity in the presidential race, he promised more money to the ground forces.
''Jiang Backs U.N. Rights Cooperation,'' blared a typical headline.
IN OTHER GAMES LaDainian Tomlinson rushed for 243 yards on 39 carries and had two touchdowns as No.
The key is to provide job security, according to Leonard Adler, who is overseeing the project.
.3:11:03 1222 Skovli, S, 37M .
''Of course, I've got four kids, and three of them have braces.''
Hours: Tuesdays through Thursdays, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Fridays, 11 a.m. to 7 p.m.; Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Princeton Meadows Center, Plainsboro Road, Plainsboro.
SABRES 2, MIGHTY DUCKS 2 Dominik Hasek made 29 saves in his return to the Buffalo lineup last night as the Sabres played to a 2-2 tie with the visiting Anaheim Mighty Ducks.
Draft language of an unpublished Celera-consortium agreement states that their goals ''are, in fact, complementary'' and that the two sides are agreed on patent policy for the human genome (essentially that genes should be patentable only after their roles have been identified in detail, not on the basis of their sequence alone).
First, our friendly waitress, wearing a long traditional Ethiopian dress, brought one of our appetizers, senge karya, which consisted of two long uncooked peppers filled with a mixture of sauteed fresh tomato, onion, garlic and shallots.
''We don't have spirits in the house,'' said the reservationist who answered the phone.
Or at least as true as I could see it.''
During Mr. Winkler's vivid testimony, his wife, June, wept silently among the spectators, sometimes doubled over.
Those foot soldiers in the quest for a Hindu nation stood in ruler-straight lines that stretched as far as the eye could see.
Coppin State 64, Hampton 60 -- Coppin State scored the final 8 points of the game to beat Hampton.
In some states, different counties have different ballots.
Our collective wealth has risen astronomically, but the distinction between rich and poor countries, and rich and poor individuals, seems as skewed in the year 2000 as it was in 1901 -- and this after generations of efforts to create equity.
There are, for instance, plenty of conspiracy theories, including a local one here that has Gore supporters scouring mental institutions to dragoon residents to the polls in padded trucks with the promise of free cigarettes.
It is a remnant of the days when places like it were found all over the neighborhood.
The Canadiens extended their undefeated string to four games (3-0-1), tying a season best.
The Jets gave no update on Testaverde's condition yesterday, but it is hard to imagine that he could, or would, play on Sunday.
The most recent instance of such tension has arisen over American plans for a limited missile defense system that Germans see as a doubtful defense against ''rogue states'' whose real menace is widely questioned.
That's why Putin came armed with his Parliament's long-delayed ratification of Start II, which reduces by thousands the long-range nukes held by the U.S. and Russia.
Unless the polls are badly mistaken or voter turnout is too low to validate the balloting, Vladimir Putin is likely to be elected president of Russia today.
''If a ballot has a big hole and a smaller hole does it have one or two holes or one and a half?
Many of Embraer's rivals ''are building battleships, by which I mean systems that are very capable of being dominant but which cost a lot of money,'' said Byron Callan, an analyst who follows Embraer from New York for Merrill Lynch.
Of 2,000 people she approached for permission to publish their photographs, only 10 failed to respond.
''I turned on the television and all of a sudden I looked up and there was the sign crashing down,'' said Ms. Wolkoff.
''I certainly don't think these people have any edge to getting kids in anywhere,'' said Donna Shaitken, whose son worked briefly with a private counselor while he was a student at Horace Greeley.
Any combination of 11 Mets victories and Arizona losses will clinch it.
Amy Wilkins, a policy analyst at Education Trust, a liberal group that has praised the Texas system, said Texas was not the only state where gains on the national exam did not match those on state tests.
The Devils start their preseason schedule tonight with a game against Pittsburgh at Wilkes-Barre, Pa., and visit the Detroit Red Wings tomorrow.
But it remains unclear whether the hostilities will dissipate and the board will again attempt to work closely with the civil libertarians.
In the DeKalb Avenue accident, the third derailment in the transit system this year, investigators are still unsure what caused the third car of the eight-car B train to come off the tracks as it passed southbound over the switch.
Levy and the board to turn over as many as 20 of the city's worst-performing public schools to private companies, which would operate them as charter schools.
His campaign aides more bluntly portray Mr. Allen as a polarizer -- in the words of one aide, ''Virginia's Al D'Amato.''
Mr. Kohl's image as a statesman is rapidly degenerating into that of a corrupt and arrogant machine boss.
Lomonosov is ''not just a factory, but rather it is an experimental art studio,'' he said, adding, ''We emphasize art, and especially creating new art forms through porcelain.''
Last week, Prudential Securities laid off more than 400 people in New York as it did away with its institutional bond business.
A nose job midway through the '99 model year still looks fresh.
Tickets: $22 and $26 (Dunning).
We've worshiped in Touro Synagogue, the nation's oldest standing temple, and in Trinity Church, built in 1726, on Spring Street at Queen Anne Square where George Washington's pew remains.
The fans who had booed Yashin for most of the sequence paused to cheer the goal, then booed his name when it was announced on the public-address system.
We extend our heartfelt sympathy to his family.
Watergate grew out of a dispute about Richard Nixon and his prosecution of the Vietnam War.
There are no other stores like this one listed in Queens.
In February 1988 Mr. Levine was summoned to the Vatican.
STARR-Nina Howell, photographer, 97, May 14, at home in Hamden, CT. Widow of Nathan Comfort Starr, survived by daughters Margot Starr Kernan, Penelope Comfort Starr, 9 grandchildren, 4 great-grandchildren.
8 with a 24-foot putt.
Alexandra Simpson Diamond was married last evening to Jeffrey Anton Fuisz at the Pierre in New York.
Urgently, he sped up, caught a runner who had passed him and won anyway.
The Brilliant Son Of a Mountain Family Hafez al-Assad was the ninth of 11 children, born on Oct. 6, 1930, to minor notables in the village of Qurdaha, in the Ansariya Mountains, which rise sharply from the Mediterranean coast.
All of them would cut guaranteed benefits, pump substantial amounts of general revenues into the system or require individuals to return to the system a portion of their investment gains from the personal accounts.
''They really must love to be helpful.
-- Platinum futures rose 1.8 percent to a 2 1/2-year high after Russian exporters said shipments were being delayed.
The student lounge remained the fire's tragic center.
Today from 10 a.m. to dusk.
We're going to be placing nine million cubic yards of sand on the beach.
She added: ''I also believe that our reader may not be getting younger, but her mindset is.
An hour after Mr. Giuliani announced that he and Donna Hanover were seeking a separation, a senior New York Republican described it as a favorable development, contending that it would put an end to intensive coverage in the New York tabloids about his close friendship with Judith Nathan, a pharmaceuticals executive.
Ms. Eder displayed all these qualities at the concert, at which she was backed by an eight-piece band led by her musical director, Jeremy Roberts, who elicited a splashy orchestral sound from the ensemble.
''I'm not parsing words today, I'm saying very clearly, I have called him, I said I would support him, I intend to support him, and I intend to work for the Democratic ticket and for Democrats to regain control of the Congress.''
Hours: Tuesdays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. LOUISA MATTHIASDOTTIR, Salander-O'Reilly, 20 East 79th Street, (212) 879-6606.
It is within a few blocks of what will be a rebuilt downtown highway, Interstate 93; a new extension of the Massachusetts Turnpike; a truck haul road; a rapid transit line; and the Ted Williams Tunnel to the airport.
Mr. Morris's dancers whirl balletically one moment and take the disco floor the next.
''The '94 fiasco was not a prudent purchase.,'' Mr. DeSantis said.
CHARITY: It's written in stone, over the stairs when you come in .
On the hipper side of the equation and a rung or two below Castella on the social ladder is Manie (Ms. Jaoui), the free-spirited barmaid in the bistro next to the theater where Clara is appearing.
The brothers sat next to each other as Jose told this story last week.
''His recent record shows he's very much in synch with the vice president,'' he said.
Galata Turkish Kebab House, 1586 First Avenue near 83rd Street; (212) 452-2752.
At least nine High Court judges in three provinces have declined to take the pledge.
Frelinghuysen (R) li Nay Yea Nay Yea 12.
Following an 18-month study, the panel members recommended that the owners share 40 to 50 percent of their local revenue, levy a 50 percent competitive-balance tax on portions of payrolls above $84 million, encourage clubs to have a minimum payroll of $40 million and withhold central-fund money from clubs that did not reach the minimum.
''It will be a day when we get a state without power, without sovereignty. ''
The Cafe at Rosemont 88 Kingwood-Stockton Road (Routes 519 and 604), Rosemont (609) 397-4097 VERY GOOD ATMOSPHERE -- Comfortable, slightly funky converted general store.
During the therapy, patients had their good arms secured in a splint and sling for 90 percent of their waking hours.
If they have to work a weekend, they ought to work a weekend.
Schools like Minnesota, Northwestern, Michigan and Rutgers, and Ivy League programs like Cornell and Columbia were all in pursuit of Bennett, then a senior.
Trim the scallions and cut off all but 2 inches of their dark green tops.
Though the sermon tape was broadcast three weeks before the Cole was attacked, officials said, it did not prompt either warning.
From 300,000 to 400,000 homes in the state get water from private wells.
''There they put you in a window on display.
Sally Singer, director of fashion news and features at Vogue, explained that this had a lot to do with Mr. Sage's choice of city setting.
Mr. Cesaro's aim is to please all types, so main courses range from a satisfying roast chicken with pearl onions, mushrooms and mashed potatoes ($15) to foie gras glazed in Calvados ($27.50), which I didn't try.
And, given his Bohemian way of life, it seemed natural for him to photograph Paris after dark.
Her performance will be up to herself and no one else.
The debate shows no signs of ending any time soon.
And Senator Spencer Abraham, Republican of Michigan, said some American companies would ''move their operations overseas, taking American jobs with them,'' if they could not get the workers they needed here.
Mr. Gore also cast himself as the one who would ''take on the special interests'' as he renewed his call for overhauling the campaign finance system.
Noting that China has adopted a Western-style university system, Mr. Watt observed: ''The good thing is that the opportunity to study is now open to all.
Mr. Tavcar, who was born and raised in Cleveland, maintained a devotion to the Cleveland Browns football team and the Cleveland Indians baseball team through a lifetime spent mostly in the Northeast.
Steve Shields recorded his fourth shutout of the season, stopping 20 shots.
.3:50:52 7088 Hammond, G, 56M .
On Monday, Mr. Thompson was appointed the new director of the Cooper-Hewitt, a cultural organization housed in a flamboyant Fifth Avenue mansion at 2 East 91st Street.
FAIRLEIGH DICKINSON UNIVERSITY ''White Liars'' and ''Black Comedy,'' two one-act plays by Peter Shaffer.
But right now it is a threat with real teeth because a pullout by Mr. Sharansky would endanger Mr. Barak's fragile coalition during a tense round of peace negotiations.
Many Western diplomats had hoped that Dr. Assad, who was an infant when Syria lost the Golan Heights, would bring a less ideological approach to the peace efforts.
None of the new-economy executives in the study received restricted stock, so the column does not appear on the new-economy table.
Some in the audience expressed impatience, asking for specifics on what he would do as senator.
''I wouldn't have been in his position,'' Mr. Bush said.
* EDWARD STEICHEN, Whitney Museum of American Art, 945 Madison Avenue, at 75th Street, (212) 570-3676 (through Feb. 4).
''It helped me so much.
Bernalillo County officials said 253 ballots were found in a misplaced box late this afternoon in a county warehouse, and 355 others had been damaged.
Mr. O'Neal's journey to Wall Street started in rural eastern Alabama, where his grandfather, who Mr. O'Neal said was born a slave, had settled to raise timber and cotton.
Before the close, Mrs. Clinton is shown in two quick scenes, walking with people and then moving down a line, shaking hands.
Throughout the tour, Mr. Sharon was ringed tightly by agents of the Shin Bet security service.
The Yankees want to wait until the end of spring training to complete their selection of Powell -- they are considering another pitcher, as well -- to protect themselves against the possibility of injury and so they can do more extensive scouting.
coverage because it had too much American material on the air.
Mannesmann has not yet broached the issue with British Telecom, people close to the talks said.
Part of an impressive photography series from the Taschen publishing house that includes books on Karl Blossfeldt, Edward S. Curtis, Man Ray and others, it delivers a great deal of information at a budget price.
One man quickly passes the magazine, which is concealed in a folder, to the other and says, ''See you next week.''
''Harleman has always been a name in Sweden, but no one knew how much he did because he never told anyone.
Indeed, researchers often advise that we ignore patterns that aren't also found in other places and times.
If the news media are accused in some conservative quarters of muting criticism of Senator John McCain, there is at least one publication that is all but shouting its hostility toward him: World magazine, a little-known newsweekly for evangelical Christians.
Some investors suggested that the consolidation plan was aimed at diluting the outside shareholders' position in Surgutneftegaz to 20.5 percent of the equity from their current 30.8 percent.
They never told me I wouldn't get married, but they told me I must learn to be independent, that I must support myself, that I must not think that anyone would support me.
They picked their way through thorn scrub, frequently stumbling in the dark.
A few minutes later, the Frisicaros let slip a secret: they were apostates, Lazio fans who had turned against their party's Senate candidate, Hillary Rodham Clinton.
George W. Bush postponed the execution of a convicted killer in Texas named Ricky Nolen McGinn to allow DNA testing the death-row inmate contends will establish his innocence.
ARCH plans to sell a low-margin water chemical distribution business, which should increase its overall profitability, he said, and plans a venture with an industrial gas company to run its semiconductor chemicals business more efficiently.
I can click on rent and go right to the lease file.''
Here is a schedule: Today ''MA PETITE ENTREPRISE'' (''My Little Business''), directed by Pierre Jolivet, 1 and 6:15 p.m. ''LA DILETTANTE,'' by Pascal Thomas, 3:30 and 9 p.m.
The plan of the big British phone company, Cable and Wireless P.L.C., to merge its Hong Kong unit with Singapore Telecom was thrown into doubt when a 10-month-old Asian Internet company said it planned a rival offer for Cable and Wireless HKT.
The latest delay, has created concern among Pentagon officials.
''I think that with the last five minutes of commuting time, something snapped.
It includes profanity, alcohol consumption and knockabout football violence.
Boras sensed that the Rangers would not be flexible and considered the possibility that he would have to look elsewhere.
In Connecticut, Susan Bysiewicz, the secretary of state, has said her office had considered replacing Roosevelt-era lever machines with optical scan technology, but now leans toward touch-screens after Florida's problems.
He played on three Ryder Cup teams and won 14 tour titles.
''Now, I can stand back and look at it, and I see that he has matched what I can do, and it really makes you feel good.''
LUXURY sport utilities built on the underpinnings of trucks, as most are, tend to disappoint owners more than luxury cars -- and also more than a new breed of carlike ''crossover'' S.U.V.
''If people wear the same thing.''
Reynolds (R) Yea Yea Yea Yea Yea Yea 28.
Bloodied and bandaged, Marat Safin emphatically showed why he is the world's No.
But there's something that I can't describe formally, which is a certain feeling, an intuitiveness, maybe.
A Communications Bay on the bottom of the ThinkPads can be used for a variety of connectivity options, supplementing the built-in Ethernet and phone connectors.
''This process is designed to understand what went wrong and to see how both parties can ensure that the Palestinian and Israeli people not relive the terrible events of the last few days,'' said a statement on Monday from the White House.
Translation: Mr. Gore rips his rival's proposals to shreds and presents his own as reasonable alternatives.
The young Giotto used sticks to draw outside on rocks and in the dirt; he was discovered doing this by the master painter Cimabue, who was so taken with the boy's work that he immediately asked if he could become his teacher and mentor.
Even people who never set foot there remember seeing Paramus Lanes on the 1950's television shows ''Make That Spare'' and ''Championship Bowling.''
''The purpose of the vigil is to draw attention to the fact that people in the Hudson Valley want the PCB's cleaned up,'' said Cara Lee, Scenic Hudson's environmental director.
''I could sit here, and I could victimize myself,'' Buck said as his son stood nearby, his wife sat on the next couch and his grandson played on the floor.
Adaptations spread across Central Europe, adapted from generation to generation.
This walking tour explores landmarks and historic sites of Colonial New York, with stops at the first Capitol and a building where George Washington slept.
The project's first director was Wiley A. Branton, who died in 1988.
''My first goal is to improve human rights conditions here in Taiwan,'' he said.
It mostly doesn't bother me.''
Not surprisingly the camera doesn't fail Ms. Flockhart, who appears in two of the pieces.
.3:44:22 5712 Thompson, E, 32F .
Gavin Brown's Enterprise 436 West 15th Street Chelsea Through Oct. 7 Udomsak Krisanamis, who immigrated to the United States from Thailand in 1991, may be the Frank Stella of current painting.
In the months since the governor withdrew from the race, Mr. Gormley, Mr. Franks and Mr. Treffinger have been furiously lobbying members of the party establishment, and endorsements have been doled out largely along geographical lines.
Jomo Cousins remembers where he was when football season began a year ago.
Vast chunks of voters are being swayed by a kiss, a sigh, a roll of the eyes, a smirk, a befuddled stare.
Many companies are already plucking the procurement gurus from outside the purchasing ranks, and superimposing them over the heads of the buyers they now have.
A stranger in town, Wilfred has no food, no friends and no place to stay for the night.
It takes years -- and a reunion with his estranged girlfriend Eileen (Vinessa Shaw, last seen in ''Eyes Wide Shut'') -- for Byron to come to terms with what he has done.
.6:06:08 27989 Delacroix, C, 50F .
Generally speaking, the rent-control laws apply to apartments that have been occupied by the same tenant since July 1, 1971, and are in buildings of three or more units built before Feb. 1, 1947.
''They say those were the good times, but that's baloney,'' said Bob Fuller, an 82-year-old real estate owner in Brooklyn Heights who remembers renting a kochalayn (''cook alone'') -- a room in a boarding house with a common kitchen -- for $75.
Aside from the news on semiconductor sales, there was not much to impress traders or investors.
In the less than ideal conditions of the typical apartment, it's best to try to keep them comfortable.
Mr. Blake had begun contemplating retirement last November, when, as chief executive of Promus Hotels, he arranged the company's sale to Hilton.
Lofton had a two-run triple in the second, an R.B.I.
''The newer priests don't want to work in the inner cities,'' Monsignor Byrne said.
A year after the World Cup, attendance has inevitably dropped at the national team's matches, but Foudy said that people still frequently approached the players in airports and high-fived them and congratulated them on the victory.
The floods swept away schools and clinics, crops and cattle.
The police said some of the objects, which included candelabra, silverware, carpets and a gold letter opener from Al Gore, had been altered to remove inscriptions that clearly marked them as gifts to Israel.
While executions do not attract much attention in Texas, he said things will be different in New Mexico.
New plantings have been artfully added to isolate and protect some of the most ''enticing'' sculptures from ''the curious and overzealous,'' Mr. Powell said.
Net revenue for this business rose 44 percent, to $1.4 billion.
Today's agreement also lifted sanctions on the sale of food and medicine to Iran, Libya, North Korea and Sudan.
Andy Bean and Greg Norman have both shot 62 at Bay Hill, but that was when the course was a par 71.
The Dominican flag is broken into red and blue rectangles going off in different directions though still connected.
The yield on the 30-year bond dropped to 5.61 percent, from 5.64 percent.
But that was a long time ago.
In Georgia, a bill similar to the new Virginia law has passed both houses of the state legislature, and Gov.
The agreement offers less than the full exoneration Dr. Lee's family had sought.
Ramsay finished the regular season with a 16-8-1 mark after Neilson stepped aside in February for cancer treatment.
And he did not shy from hardball tactics.
One would be testing the agreement between the Russians and the International Space Station to see if contracts made for Mir would hold up on the new space station.
''I'll let you know,'' Steinbrenner said, on when not too early might be.
The Yankees do not know when he will play again.
''The people who are members of the league are not fund-raisers,'' she said.
We've done this for years, and it keeps perfectly for six months or more.
With their stock options worth less with present prices, they said it was a temptation to move to other Internet companies where jobs are plentiful and compensation is higher.
SHAW-Dr. Edward J., 84, January 14, St. Louis, MO.
Joanee, Glenn, Tommy, Elyse and your grandchildren.
.4:38:32 18614 Noltensmeyer, J, 31M .
A VISIT to the New Canaan Historical Society transports visitors to a particularly pretty part of a town.
Christmas trees, most certainly not.
''Do I expect that it's going to be, necessarily, the most mainstream and risk-free kind of project?''
9, a choral work in which the Berlin Radio Choir is to make its Philharmonic debut (Feb. 23-27), and Siegfried Matthus's Concerto for Flute, Harp and Orchestra (May 31-June 5; Nancy Allen is the harpist; the flutist has not been announced).
Edmund Muth hit three home runs and set the College World Series career homer record yesterday as Stanford rallied from a six-run deficit for a 19-9 victory over Louisiana-Lafayette in Omaha and advanced to the championship game there tomorrow.
In the short run, village officials hoped to remove some of the unsightly abandoned buildings on the waterfront, which is on the state's Superfund list.
As she frolics with her year-old Jack Russell Terrier, Dolly, and shares quiet time with her companion of over 15 years, Phyllis Meryl, it seems like Big Judy has everything, and everyone, under control.
For Cancer Research OCT. 12 -- The Cancer Research and Treatment Fund, which supports cancer research at the Weill Cornell Center of New York Presbyterian Hospital will give a fund-raising dinner at the Pierre.
And that sense of community that I experienced in the bungalows, of belonging, of being in the same place together is gone.''
''This is the first I've heard'' of the mayor's proposal, said Charles Gargano, the chairman of the Empire State Development Corporation and Governor Pataki's chief adviser on economic development projects.
He passed to Tyler, who hit a 15-footer to make it 58-51.
''It was completely an oversight where they were creating favoritism.''
His idea of an ideal graphic is one that wastes no space or ink, avoids distortion and conveys a lot of data in a meaningful context.
Sarah Lidsey, the old-master specialist at Christie's in New York, expressed no doubt about the painting's authenticity after she was invited to inspect it last year.
More recently, the family of a girl who was born deaf, Amy Wall, prayed for Mother Drexel to intercede for their daughter.
Currently Dome's largest project is the $17 million renovation of the former Eastern High School in north central Baltimore.
''You can't tell when one comes in,'' she said.
But the offensive performance was as painful to see as Testaverde's injury.
Service is another thing that suffers at peak times.
Corn buyers rely to some extent on the honesty of farmers.
''I remember so well the days when we had a mayor, Jimmy Walker, who could spend all his time in night clubs,'' said Mr. Edelstein, a former chief of staff for Mayor Robert F. Wagner, and before that, for Gov.
And if anyone doubts that this is a family project, consider that the two authors say the main character came from Mrs. Hamilton's 4-year-old son, SAM HAMILTON.
piano duo, Fri. two-piece jazz combo.
He was barely pressured by the Bears and said the line did an outstanding job.
But is he really being inconsistent when he humiliates his wife and his two school-age children by informing them of his divorce plans by press conference or by parading down Second Avenue with his ''very good friend'' for the paparazzi?
He is still master of the thousand-yard stare, which he deploys right around the time people start talking too much about his past.
The mystique of the live audience as inspirer of great performances may still be absolutely genuine, but most people know the Beethoven sonatas or Messiaen's ''Turangalila'' from recordings heard at home.
Pyongyang said today that it was reconsidering its moratorium on long-range missile tests after the United States tested an interceptor designed to shoot down enemy missiles.
Golden Behr: Whites don't have to think about race very much.
Commander Kulisch, who assumed her post June 9, talked recently about her team's work.
In ''Danny,'' for instance, Mr. Kybartas uses long takes of the inhospitable landscape of Steubenville, Ohio, Danny's hometown, as a metaphor for a world that will not accept Danny.
The national growth rate was 2.2 percent.
The officials added that 20 percent to 30 percent of insurance premiums go to offset the cost of this type of fraud.
What his Miami relatives have not been as generous with, Mr. Gonzalez said, has been allowing the father and son to speak in recent weeks.
The company, whose headquarters is in Paris, also plans to open restaurants and shops in other cities.
Japan's daily newspapers boast the highest circulation figures in the world.
Like other countries in Latin America, Brazil faces infrastructure problems that are slowing development.
They carry the toxin -- the termite equivalent of an Obituary Cocktail, a legendary local drink -- back to the nest, infecting their cohorts.
Dixon, a surprise draft pick from Lambuth University, has looked smooth running his pass routes, has an infectious enthusiasm for the game and has caught everything thrown his way.
It will seek to force the Europeans to repeal a regulation banning aircraft powered by engines they deem too loud or polluting.
After an outdoor Mass, the demonstrators walked past the presidential palace and the Parliament building, chanting, ''There is no freedom without ownership!''
So why are Republican leaders insisting on a plan that almost nobody familiar with the issue thinks will work?
They were in each other's wedding party.
No one gave it a 1, or ''least attractive.''
Unlike most politicians I know, he's very adult about it.
''We obviously feel the brand is very strong,'' Mr. Hilfiger said in an interview last night.
''There are a lot of different trends going on; people just have a different relationship to cars,'' Mr. Reitzle said.
More often than not, our sense of disorientation is amplified by memorably bizarre images: a human leg sticking up from a woodchipper in ''Fargo,'' a man being buried alive in ''Blood Simple,'' a neatly wrapped box (possibly containing a woman's head) materializing in a hotel room in ''Barton Fink.''
Outfielder Juan Carlos Bruzon and catcher Alexis Hernandez signed with the Winnipeg Goldeyes of the independent Northern League.
Although Mr. Giuliani said little on the program that he had not before, he did provide the public with the first close look of how he spends his time around 7 a.m. each day.
A1 The United States Supreme Court asked the Florida Supreme Court to clarify parts of its Nov. 21 ruling permitting recounts to continue past a statutory deadline, and it vacated that ruling.
More striking than the demographic and morbidity trends, Howe and Strauss say, is the change in attitude.
At the John Fitzgerald Kennedy Library in Boston, the original 1979 exhibition by Ivan Chermayeff did not delve into Kennedy's assassination, at the express wish of the family, Mr. Chermayeff said.
He was a member of the Commonwealth-Greenpoint Lodge #
Mr. George was able to make the leap through a program sponsored by the Rockefeller Brothers Fund, a New York-based philanthropic organization.
Devoted mother of Gary and Roy Spiewak and Anne Missan.
The European Union has a treaty that allows it to suspend a member nation if it should threaten democracy, human rights or the rule of law.
Neither did Mr. Melendez and his representatives.
.5:05:01 23667 Ingvarsdottir Sinclair, J, 46F 5:05:01 23668 Horal, P, 46M .
''At a new trial, we would be able to introduce evidence that someone other than Sante killed'' Mrs. Silverman, he said.
''Two candidates may go into California, but only one of them's coming out,'' said Dan Schnur, a strategist for Mr. McCain and a veteran of past California campaigns.
.6:04:41 27939 Wilson, S, 50F .
He also criticized Ms. Reno for making television appearances while pleading for more time to collect the documents.
W. advantages: You could count on Tex-Mex with good guac, and putt-putt afterward.
''No, your honor,'' Mr. Bruck said.
Open or closed, the door allows light to travel down the hall.
INSIDE PITCH TOM PAGNOZZI, CHRIS TURNER and TOM WILSON are still in camp, trying to win the job as JORGE POSADA's backup catcher, but officials around baseball say the Yankees continue to explore possible options for a backup catcher.
Basketball players added muscles and multimillion-dollar sneaker contracts.
But unlike younger students, they were not in danger of being automatically held back if they skipped the program.
C1 New Bid for London Exchange OM Gruppen, which runs the Stockholm stock exchange, is expected to make a formal offer, which could include a hostile bid, for the London Stock Exchange, which has rejected an informal $1.18 billion offer.
Priceline.com's shares fell $8.9375, to $31.125.
M. C. Escher's impossible worlds, where water seems to flow uphill or stairs to lead simultaneously up and down, or even the famous line drawing that can appear to be both duck and rabbit, remind us that seeing is as much an act of invention as discovery.
On the other hand, you may want to begin collecting older coins.
At least for a day, someone was listening.
It may seem the primitive appliances win this debate hands down.
I passed high school kids quoting ''Hamlet'' on the street.
Is it likely, as Mr. Tolstich's Jan. 10 court date drew near, that memories of being locked up overwhelmed him?
He is signed for $7.5 million this year and is eligible for free agency after the season.
Mr. Clayberg uses tools like escrow services, which ensure that customers are satisfied before the seller is paid.
In the world of river guides, there can be only one.
''I'm sure Grant liked what he saw down there -- the money and the other stuff.
Had it been enacted, we could have saved perhaps thousands of people from becoming sick by now.
Mr. Bakaly said it did not come up in the meeting.
According to Seabrook, it is a place where traditional taste categories -- including the highbrow appropriation of lowbrow known as ''camp'' -- are obsolete.
In the end, the Liberty sent Charlotte packing.
is at least temporarily abandoning most of its efforts here after spending $55 million over five years, $21 million of it to clean and replace the yards of 1,537 houses in Picher.
Beach-book fanciers will undoubtedly gravitate to the freely flung dirt here, from invidious suggestions that Sharon Stone is the kind of actress who sexually curries favor with the screenwriter, even if the screenwriter is Mr. Eszterhas, to a particularly cruel anecdote about Farrah Fawcett, to Larry Flynt's description of having sex with a chicken.
What a visitor sees at Hildene is a life lived at very great remove from the hardscrabble frontier existence Americans associate with the young Abraham Lincoln.
''I said, 'Run, while you can.'
Several towns in New Jersey have banned smoking in most public places, but so far they have left public houses alone.
PEOPLE in South Jersey are friendlier than people in North Jersey.
As stated in Forsythe v. Longboat Key Beach Erosion Control Dist., ''all parts of a statute must be read together in order to achieve a consistent whole.
He said the incident should be viewed as tragic, not malevolent.
William J. Muller, the executive assistant United States attorney, did not say whether the government would appeal the decision.
Six excellent young singers were on show, with lively and highly musical support from an orchestra of soloists directed by Kenneth Cooper.
Regulators had feared that without surrendering those holdings the new company would control enough resources in Alaska to have power over a wide range of petroleum products.
I'm talking about making sure the level of stockpiles and deployed weaponry is such that we can keep the peace and have a strong deterrence.
During the sale, she estimated that 2,500 people a day browsed through her bric-a-brac.
It was while touring with Melvyn Douglas's 1950 production of ''Two Blind Mice'' that Mr. Emmett got to know his future wife, the actress Kim Hunter.
It spilled into a court hearing later in the day, and drew in officials across state government.
George Steinbrenner marched resolutely through the corridors of Yankee Stadium last night, barking orders to a club official who accompanied him, sounding impatient.
Three weeks ago, Parks Department officials said they could repair the wooden pilings beneath the Cromwell Recreation Center without closing down the building.
''I don't think there's going to be one first-to-market site that's going to make it,'' said Barry Hutchison, a spokesman for the firm.
This could be important because it allows Democrats to concentrate their resources in other states.
She was partially wrapped in her shroud, the top pulled down so her face and folded arms were visible.
During his western Pacific voyage, which he started in August 1997, Mr. Bird lost 60 pounds, he said.
The archaeologists found the bodies laid out on three levels.
For now, business travelers are the main beneficiaries of the improvements.
Mr. Moelis, 42, who ran the firm's Los Angeles office, joined Donaldson from Drexel Burnham Lambert in 1990, after Drexel went bankrupt.
It doesn't have a telescoping wand, but it does have a swiveling head.
But we were right to feel that way.''
POTPOURRI CROTON-ON-HUDSON -- French wine- tasting program with Vincent DePrez.
He said: ''I told Andy, 'I'd like to get up to New York one of these years and see you all get your rings.''
That continued a troubling pattern for the Mets against Ortiz.
The Postal Rate Commission, an independent agency that sets rates, today granted a United States Postal Services request to raise the price of one-ounce first-class mail to 34 cents from 33 cents.
But his victory over the Diamondbacks yesterday gave him a 10-11 record.
He imported a bowling alley from AMF of the United States, dismantled it and copied its design.
This is a much different thing, and at least listening to him in the debates he seems to have an aversion not only to the details but to policy making as well.''
A neighbor, Johnny Moreno, whom she thinks of as a son, does not want the responsibility of carrying her up and down the four steps.
He was on the Bulls' injured list with what the team says was tendinitis in his left knee and had left earlier this month for his Tulsa, Okla., home.
The Fishers and Morgan Stanley, which would invest a total of $125 million of their own money in the fund and collect a management fee, state that returns would be in excess of 20 percent, with a minimum target of 15 percent.
Incidentally, there is an official agreement to use a lowercase ''k'' for the prefix ''kilo.''
His historical reputation, which deserves to be formidable, is unlikely to be diminished by the vanity, political posturing and sheer pettiness displayed in this book.
So on Friday, as the agency's 12-member board ratified the deal, which had been clinched the day before by the two governors, many of those involved in the talks could not forget that troubling history amid the governors' tableau of unity.
There are about 1,500 of them in the city, officials said.
''He is just trying to prove his point, to shut down the film,'' Mr. Howard said.
One faction was shouting in protest, while the other wanted demonstrators to remain quiet.
When times are slow, Mr. Perri looks for ways to earn extra money; alongside the slot car chassis and motors there are nutritional supplements and vitamins for sale.
Open for dinner daily till May, when it closes on Sunday; summer hours vary.
Bob Butterworth, the state attorney general, who leads Mr. Gore's campaign in Florida, said another problem for the vice president would be a perception by some voters that the state would benefit more under a Bush administration because of the brotherhood bond.
Those sensors used heat emissions to locate and identify objects, just as an ordinary telescope uses light.
Bellagio, the restaurant at 234-19 41st Avenue in Douglaston, Queens (718-224-1300), now serves lunch as well as dinner at entre prices of $4.95 to $8.95.
''This recommendation is wrong and clearly contradicted by precedent,'' Mr. Kendall said.
Newman felt it was an excellent idea because ''it's a nice, easy way to look at a lot of players.''
He succeeds Michael Pralle, who was named to lead GE Capital Real Estate, a GE Capital division.
''We have got to face reality,'' Mr. Carroll said, ''and what's happening now is that various groups are absolutely bent on a course of catastrophe for communities in the West.''
How brave of Ms. Jaffrey to approach a subject so unwieldy, so vast, that it could make most authors dizzy.
But unlike the later literature of suburbia -- with its tiresome emphasis on soul-numbing banality and, especially these days, gruesome dysfunction -- Pooter's jottings manage to convey the essential wholesomeness of suburban folkways.
Talk of a vice presidential nomination flickered and then died, as it did again this year.
''It's foolishness,'' Mr. McCain said, ''and we all know it.
At 1 Front Street East, www.national.ballet.ca, (416) 345-9595.
Before he had even discussed an opera with Gershwin, Heyward was predicting the very different shape ''Porgy'' would take once it was set to music.
I know the members of the commission and the people who are commenting as opponents.
Such behavior, however justified, does not promote good will.
His father, John McEnroe Sr., recalled a junior tournament in Miami when young Patrick missed an easy volley and gave in to his frustration and the wishes of the crowd.
And what if the ill patient rallies one more time, will Dr. Garner be back to continue his triage?
A woman copes with a midlife crisis: should she continue to raise a family, or should she pursue her old career as a photojournalist?
It can also be bought with your own earnings, say, after a good day at the track.
Consequently, I spent the first several years not working because I lost touch with whatever it was---- PARKER -- That thing that is in you that made you able to---- MANTELLO -- But I don't think you did.
In 1998, he organized a major conference on the issue, bringing together bishops from impoverished countries with bankers and government officials.
Today, Mindy Tucker, Mr. Bush's press secretary, accused Mr. Gore of ''showing weak leadership'' in ''standing by while his administration vetoed a bill that would help so many hard-working Americans and their families.''
Moreover, Mr. Corzine ran far behind his fellow Democrat, Vice President Al Gore, across the board in New Jersey, evidence that Mr. Corzine's fierce liberalism won few votes outside the urban core and that his lavish campaign spending probably lost a vote or so for every two or three it won.
It is about a rhinoceros, who once was a man, racing about a small town.
''Even if they don't believe in the message,'' he said, ''they see it as a free trip for their kids.''
On Saturday night in a 1-0 loss to Columbus, Matthaus criticized his teammates.
Besides his wife, he is survived by a son and two daughters.
For eight seasons before 1900, the National League had 12 teams.
We just lost and when bad things happen, people tend to look at things that are not there.
With Detroit all but out of the picture, the clubs pressed for either the Chicago Bulls or the Charlotte Hornets to get involved.
My options are pretty limited as to what I can do if this doesn't work out.
The stock of one stellar name, Allstate, has been trading at about $24 a share, down from $41 a year ago and just a bit above book value.
He certainly isn't the traditional player with obvious gifts.
BALLY'S PARK PLACE Arthur Williams vs. Valery Vikhor, professional boxing.
Yet it still has fewer than half the members of each of the three largest H.M.O.
He visits Hemingway's favorite hotel room in Havana and his house outside the city, both lovingly maintained as shrines.
Then, on Tuesday, he takes center stage with a new production of his opera ''Platee,'' directed by Mark Morris and presented by the New York City Opera at the New York State Theater.
''There are underserved communities that you have to focus attention on in order to get them to the point where they can compete,'' Mr. Watts said.
* Buy one comprehensive wine book.
The calming sound of chanting and meditative music floats through the dimly lighted room, and candles cast their glow on the small space.
At a recent Republican fund-raising reception in Silicon Valley, she sang part of the Star Spangled Banner (the obscure second verse).
The data is significant because the class entering in 1996 was the first to be held to new, higher state standards.
Jorie Graham was undecided to the end on whether Frost's ''Home Burial'' or his ''West-Running Brook'' made the stronger claim.
That was an unthinkable act to Willye B.
''Um, no,'' the woman says, ''I got it at the Menlo Park store.''
Good security still starts and ends with trust, integrity and seriousness of purpose.
Scott Blake, vice president for marketing at Michelin North America, added, ''All retailers have an opportunity right now to pick up business, but also to focus consumers on high-quality service and high-quality brands at a time when they're a little shaken.''
Sunday at 3 p.m.; Thursday at 8 p.m. and May 21 at 3 p.m. Tickets: $12; $8 for students and the elderly; TDF vouchers accepted.
The better they learn the game in college, the better they'll be in the pros.
''They are depriving their nations, their people of great opportunity by trying to limit access to these technologies -- and besides, they are going to fail, so they shouldn't waste resources trying to block it,'' Mr. Annan said at a news conference after presenting his report to the General Assembly.
Privacy, also, is a natural concern when dealing with the Internet, particularly when sensitive information is being transmitted through computer servers that do not always seem secure.
Nor do they seem especially architectural; they look more like neutral floor or wall finishes adaptable to any building, old or modern.
''A month ago, who knows how we would have reacted to that?''
Pittsburgh is perhaps a victory away from entering the national college football polls and about half a season away from moving into a new stadium.
.4:24:40 15503 Benstead, I, 40M .
In a poll published on Sunday in El Tiempo, Colombia's leading paper, 76 percent of those surveyed said the government should not extend the demilitarized zone, and 88 percent said the demilitarized zone had served no useful purpose.
Leading Senate Republicans, under pressure from Democrats and some of their own members, changed course today and said they would try to pass legislation in the next few weeks to help low-income elderly people buy prescription drugs.
Pieces of rubber lace trail over two mannequins in her studio.
.4:21:14 14646 Jackino, J, 32F .
''The average American does have a right to know that their lawmaker is basically a day trader,'' Mr. Lewis said.
''What can we do about getting a better market capitalization?''
Other restaurateurs say few blacks apply for the jobs even though new restaurants are plentiful and waiters are scarce.
But the National Association of Manufacturers, a trade group, saw the glass as half full.
It was a rare admission.
Beloved husband of Marina and the late Marion.
As a result of the shortages, computer users at large companies must often hold for minutes before their calls are answered and even wait hours to have their troubles fixed.
Patti LuPone in ''Matters of the Heart.''
Boniface Ramsey officiated at the Roman Catholic Church of St. Vincent Ferrer in Manhattan.
The group bobbing in the river included two photographers, a chef and a tourist from San Antonio.
''We have a way to engage the kids at a level that they live at every day,'' he said.
Only 500 cases of his single malt whiskey have been released for sale.
His warmth, kind spirit and magnificent musicianship will be sorely missed by all who were fortunate enough to have known him and to have heard him perform.
The memorial is at the St Francis Auditorium at 11 AM March 28, followed by a gathering at Santa Fe's La Fonda Hotel.
''That ball is getting put in a glass jar,'' Thompson said.
THE MODERN JEWISH CANON A Journey Through Language and Culture.
''They told you, 'If you work hard, there's no limit.'
Flanked by the gay Republicans at a news conference at his campaign headquarters, Mr. Bush said he welcomed gays into his campaign and added, ''I want the Republicans, conservative Republicans, to understand we judge people based upon their heart and soul; that's what this campaign is about.''
She will leave in June 2001.
On Monday, Gore advisers on the bus were fuming about Mr. Clinton's latest ''exclusive'' exit interview in Esquire, dredging up all the Monica stuff, indulging in self-pitying rants, taking on the Hillary-Sidney Blumenthal ''everybody's out to get us'' mentality and whining that the Republicans should have to apologize for what they put him through.
Other Microsoft executives who have spent years with the two men say it is the trust they built first as college friends that has distinguished their collaboration over the years.
I think it's a good thing that companies today have to work harder to keep the best people.
''It's typically outrageous,'' the consumer advocate, Anthony Wright, program director for New Jersey Citizen Action, said.
Coach Al Groh attributed Coles's sloppiness to a lack of endurance; he was also returning kickoffs.
''Basically, they did not break him,'' Savik Shuster, the director of Radio Liberty's Moscow Bureau said in an interview.
Chris Childs would probably be the player the Knicks choose to move, but because of base-year compensation issues, the Celtics would have to send another player, perhaps Greg Minor or Eric Williams, to New York along with Fortson.
Hitting 30 home runs in a season, as Rodriguez has for four of the past five years, was once a sign that a player could be headed for the Hall of Fame.
Mr. Grasso told reporters that the policy change also strengthened the department's legal position, even though the policy on car seizures has been upheld at the State Supreme Court and Appellate Division levels.
These unlikely surroundings still amaze her, growing up as she did in tiny apartments where nature meant a sooty picnic within view of skyscrapers.
But, according to the United States Patent and Trademark Office, about 600 inventions a year are dreamed up in Westchester and patented.
Local legislators passed one of the world's first bans on smoking in public places.
How many Tony Awards has it won?
A Hong Kong company controlled by Mr. Riady paid Mr. Hubbell $100,000 on June 27, 1994, after Mr. Hubbell resigned from the Justice Department and faced a criminal inquiry over law-firm billings.
The central bank was due to announce the bank's rate policy on Friday after its policy board meeting.
Museum administrators said they would maintain the buildin's exterior as is and renovate the interior for the Dahesh collection.
Morocco will advance by default.
Quite possibly, the air of levity was an effort to move beyond what had happened earlier in the week with a public show of little concern over it.
.4:46:00 20240 Davies, J, 31F .
''He knows how to play, so I wasn't surprised that he went up to the majors and did what he did.''
Asked what message his faith could offer the conference, Dr. Kotwal offered a reply drawn from its ethics: ''Zoroastrianism lays stress on a very good standard of morality.
There was Andrew Lippa's version at the Manhattan Theater Club and George C. Wolfe and Michael John LaChiusa's interpretation on Broadway.
Mr. Fagan's fears are well-founded.
''We want to cultivate the idea that you can stay here and make it here.
The defending champion, Kelli Kuehne, was another stroke back after her second straight 69.
The United States needs Angola's oil, and American officials concede that this need dampens their willingness to criticize the government or demand too much, too fast.
In some places, they are the most democratic medium available.
Tierney implicates the news media too.
Mr. Grabill, who has worked at Windows on the World and the Fairway Market in Manhattan as well as in Europe, said dinner entrees are in the $16 (organic chicken) to $20 (filet mignon) range.
''A card and some flowers?
Only about 740 union workers out of 3,100 scheduled to work in the strike region yesterday showed up.
The authorities said that the police were able to find the suspects because two patrol officers had spotted them parked near the synagogue at 2:45 a.m. Sunday and recorded the car's license plate number.
Right now, DEDRIC WARD is penciled in as the starter opposite WAYNE CHREBET.
Reginald Yates's ''Life Forms/Solo Inventions,'' set to a percussion score composed for and performed on African traditional instruments by five musicians, was a visual and intellectual feast.
Mr. Bockman was born in Seattle, Washington and grew up in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The illness receded, and the daughter married Mr. Aouad.
Edgard Clemente added an R.B.I.
Sotheby's and its former chief executive pleaded guilty to antitrust violations after a four-year investigation by the Justice Department.
For the common shareholders of Continental, the dilution is just beginning.
PACIFICARE HEALTH SYSTEMS INC., Santa Ana, Calif., said it would close Medicare health maintenance organization plans serving more than 23,000 Medicare patients next year.
''Power and Desire: South Asian Paintings From the San Diego Museum of Art, Edwin Binney 3rd Collection'' remains at Asia Society at Midtown, 502 Park Avenue, at 59th Street, (212) 517-2742, through Jan. 7.
.4:55:21 22032 Battaglia, F, 52F .
Last week, Mr. Ross's investment firm, W. L. Ross & Company, joined with the American International Group, a leading American insurer, to invest $800 million in a mutual fund company that is part of South Korea's giant Hyundai conglomerate.
Sexton doubled to deep center field to drive in Clark and preserve the Reds' string of 157 straight games with at least a run, the third longest streak to start a season in the major leagues.
Or the roads may themselves stimulate more development, leading to congestion.
The Board of Governors and Members of Fenway Golf Club record with profound sorrow the passing of its long time member and distinguished member of the Board of Governors, Stanley Schechter and extend to his bereaved wife, Betty and the members of his family our sincere condolences.
God have mercy on the lonely bastards.''
and the Justice Department stopped short of penalizing the exchanges by imposing fines.
George Cukor directed - Thursday at 11:30 p.m. on TCM.
Mr. Lazio's aides argued that Mrs. Clinton's identification with a national convention could only serve to remind voters that she comes from outside New York and may hold ambitions that go beyond the Senate.
The tourism authority plan, unveiled last summer, proposes to entice visitors to stay longer by encouraging more events and activities, Mr. Fishman said.
That report will be released on Tuesday.
Nevertheless, Mr. Forbes, who won his first two terms with 53 percent and 55 percent of the vote, was re-elected in 1998 with 64 percent.
There are some things in WordPerfect 6.0 that do not convert properly to a Word 97 equivalent.
Manhattan Theater Club, 131 West 55th Street, (212) 581-1212.
''If there's no gift bag, you get very bummed out.''
On the other hand, this not very nice man sings like an angel.
She ruled that Rush's limited edition of 5,000 prints fell within guidelines established by the United States Supreme Court.
Arriving as American citizens, Puerto Ricans were entitled to the social services denied to many new immigrants.
''He wanted to concentrate on football and asked for help.''
When the gland is destroyed, hyperthyroid patients become hypothyroid and need to take daily hormone medication.
His first act was to reduce overhead to save $2.5 million.
''Cinderella on Ice,'' performed by the St. Petersburg State Ballet on Ice.
In my admittedly limited personal experience, I have found great performers of classical music even less able than ballplayers to articulate the bases for their success.
In order to make sure that judges would pay prompt attention to such challenges, Congress included an ''automatic stay'' provision by which the injunction would be lifted until the judge ruled.
''We pretty much stunk last year in back-to-back situations, so this is our first opportunity to change that,'' Sprewell said of tonight's game.
''They were obviously his father's suit coats.
Greenwich Street Theater, 547 Greenwich Street, at Charlton Street, South Village.
The two banks have 27 branches.
Ledger on screen, and the younger actor responds with an exasperated bashfulness that makes him less cool and more likable.
But he quickly provided the answer a child wants to hear: ''If we make it to the World Series, we're coming back.''
''We're operating within our sovereign rights as an Indian nation,'' Mr. Gumbs said.
''It's what color the eyes are used to seeing.''
This Passat cost less than the A4 but had slightly more room inside and a better ride, too.
Basketball was a way of life for Dave and his brothers Dan and Larry, all of whom would play together into the night.
As a result, political candidates are now debating how to spend surpluses rather than how to reduce deficits.
*Mr. Bush, who announced early on that he was a compassionate conservative, did a good job of rubbing the rough edges off his ideology, a better job than his rival.
25 Corzine's Record Spending A final accounting shows that Jon Corzine spent $36.7 million, almost all of it his own money, to beat former New Jersey Governor Jim Florio and win the Democratic nomination for United States Senate.
GEORGE W. BUSH -- Kennebunkport, Me.
So, was an elbow thrown at the Clinton-Gore administration or not?
Federal authorities said that the lawyer, Robert C. Schuster, had told the paralegal that he had about $100,000 to ''play around with'' and that both of them could benefit if she supplied him with the tips.
The remaining 21 school measures were placed on ballots by legislatures, which were usually seeking permission to raise money for school construction and other additional spending.
But it wasn't what he thought.
That was the uncharacteristically frank message relayed by Alan Greenspan, the Federal Reserve chairman, in his testimony before Congress last week.
She is the one who rang the opening bell on the New York Stock Exchange Monday morning, the one with a doll created in her stylish image and the defending champion who turned everyone's head in her first-round match yesterday.
Professor Brill said the January ruling in which the court ordered the committee to get on with it may make it difficult for its members to grant the long extension.
The heart problems he had following the start of ''N.Y.P.D.
And the Mets are the team that is still trying to catch up to that point.
That the world contained wider possibilities for art than his works showed would suggest that Mr. Devine was impressed in an unexpected way.
Mr. Amato was trained at Yale in evolutionary biology but recently found himself on a boat off the coast of Madagascar shooting a crossbow at whales to get small amounts of DNA.
As a journalist, I write often about people fighting to protect their neighborhoods -- from developers, from environmental threats, from social homogeneity, from rent deregulation.
But what can you do.
And methods being developed to protect such works -- like scrambling the data and requiring a key to decode it -- may wind up being trumped by similar encryption that covers the tracks of those doing the swapping.
Funeral services will be held on Sunday, March 5, at 2 PM at Riverside Memorial Chapel, 76 St. and Amsterdam Ave. We will never forget his warmth, humor and generous spirit.
CHARLES E. BURTON, on his appointment as chairman of the Palm Beach County canvassing board.
Sales of Cozaar rose 16 percent, to $405 million.
The next steps are going to be even harder.''
An Irish-American writer recalls his childhood in Limerick.
In how many industries does one business disparage another by name in national television advertisements, as Visa has done with its long-running ''they don't take American Express'' campaign?
With the sole purpose of extinguishing the Knicks' new life.
Most of the changes were made in the company's Allen, Tex., headquarters and involved workers engaged in centralized software development, administrative and technical support.
The little torturer expresses his admiration for a certain play in which heads are cut off and a daughter mutilated with knives.
That last, far-reaching category might include, for instance, ''a large number of persons in pursuit of a common purpose.''
Sometimes this approach is way over the top.
That drive ended at the 50-yard line after Kenard Long sacked Collins, who was pressured all night, for an 11-yard loss.
Anxious about the rise of the Nazis, she left Paris in 1936 with her husband, Lazar Radley (whose name she did not take), her two sons, her mother and her brother, and settled in New York.
METROSTARS The MetroStars will stage a news conference in Midtown Manhattan this morning to announce plans for a new stadium.
By creating its own network of people using the same hardware, Sega.com hopes to quell the common complaints of online gamers, mainly slow response time due to Internet traffic and hardware incompatibility.
.4:35:25 17917 Nakatani, M, 68F .
Tickets, sold at the door, cost $8.50 on Nov. 23 and $14 all other days; (61-3) 9646-4044, www.wineaustralia2000.com.
The House vote last week to repeal a Depression-era policy intended to discourage older people from working could bring some of those people back into the labor-starved economy.
Just as the Yankees are on the verge of activating Scott Brosius off the disabled list, they may lose the All-Star second baseman Chuck Knoblauch, who injured his left hand in today's game.
Others said they decided to review the absentee ballots after the issue caught the public's eye.
For details, keep an eye on www.delta-air.com.
The cause was congestive heart failure, his family said.
''We had a young group,'' Nolan said of his Washington players.
Unlike many addicts, Raines recovered his life, playing another 17 seasons, with a career that nearly overlapped with that of his son.
TITLE FOR GUSTAFSON: Sophie Gustafson made a 4-foot birdie putt on the 18th hole to clinch her first victory on the L.P.G.A.
His second wife, the former Elena Stanescu, died last year.
It was watched in just about 2.4 million households during its third and final showing on Aug. 9, which was not nearly a large enough audience to justify its continuation on the network.
''We're seeing some early signs of improvement in Latin America, but they're not where we want them,'' Mr. Greenberg said in an interview.
The biggest donor was the AT&T Corporation, which gave $631,050, to bring its total for the 2000 campaign to slightly more than $2 million -- $1.2 million to the Republicans and $875,300 to the Democrats.
In addition, large numbers of New York City teachers, including many of the best prepared, leave teaching within a few years after starting.
''I think the offense is maturing,'' he said.
Rarely has it been so jarring -- and so satisfying -- for a film to close with the words ''The End.''
I thought it was going to crash right here at the airport.''
Mr. Diallo, 40, told the police he was related to Amadou Diallo, the immigrant from West Africa who died in February in a fusillade of police bullets in the vestibule of his apartment building in the Soundview section of the Bronx.
The government has traditionally been able to tap the 253 trillion yen postal savings system, but many 10-year deposits will mature soon, leading many economists to predict that money will flow out of the system in search of higher returns.
On the third date, days before New Year's Eve, he had come down with the flu but went ahead with preparing dinner for her.
Mr. Schepkin's performance has an electrifying energy, but it is most striking for the florid ornamentation the pianist applies at every opportunity.
In 1992, he was pulled from the River Clyde during the filming of the a television show, when a motorcycle stunt went awry.
O'Brian was a sickly child who bounced from school to school, taking refuge in books and languages and sharing his mother's passion for botany and his father's for science.
Giants, 21-17 Arizona (3-10) at Jacksonville (6-7) The Jaguars are hot.
The government, in crafting such an aid program, has had to conclude that a given level of aid is necessary to further that purpose among secular recipients and has provided no more than that same level to religious recipients.
The city has had some success recently that may bode well for the new strategy.
IT took Yasir Arafat many years to arrive at the gate of Jerusalem.
But many people outside the company are skeptical.
The lighting was by Diane Fairchild.
On a '98 Gascon white, a chardonnay-colombard blend, the decoration is a fat bird with ''chicken,'' ''pollo,'' ''poulet.''
Drinks and hors d'oeuvres will be served throughout the evening.
''Things happen, especially in the Tour de France.
Texas catcher Ivan Rodriguez (665,909) has the biggest lead, with Jorge Posada of the Yankees (264,347) second.
But if I get off to a solid start, play the par 5's well, which are reachable, and make some birdies, I'm going to be in a position to force him to shoot a ridiculously low round of 10 or 11 under.
To the Editor: ''Despite Efforts, Airport Delays Are Worsening'' (front page, July 16) doesn't discuss how one segment of those who experience the increasingly long and interminable delays at airports -- young travelers and their families -- react to those delays.
''We hope to amplify the voices of local musicians trying to represent authentic traditions that are in danger of being drowned out by popular culture or nationalism,'' Mr. Levin said.
ANDREW J. SPANO can trace his interest in technology back to when he was 13 and began reading science fiction.
The next round of talks, in February, will fall to a new administration.
Strange bedfellows found themselves entwined in their mutual outrage -- feminists who found such contests degrading to women and Hindu nationalists who saw the show as an invasion of Western degeneracy.
''Fish are like people,'' Mr. Kennedy said.
Bangs fled Rolling Stone in 1970, in favor of writing, and later editing, for Detroit's rowdier Creem magazine, which published his best and most free-form essays, profiles and criticism.
''It was a wake-up call to all of us that there was a huge interest in Yiddish that had not been tapped.
The Bearcats (7-2) advanced to today's championship against No.
RAMAPO COLLEGE ''Salute to Louis Armstrong,'' with Byron Stipling, jazz trumpeter.
Next Saturday at 2 p.m.
Ruggiero (Rugs) Carlucci, the young police sergeant who recently took over the peacekeeping chores in this ruefully honest series, does his best to conduct a fair investigation.
Ms. Bodinetz, the director, said of the play's language: ''It's so particular that most people in London didn't know the terms that were being used.
Weinke comes into this season with a 21-1 record as a starter, including 20 victories in a row.
An uneasy calm returned to the Ivory Coast today as the new president and his opponents held meetings suggesting a truce in the political crisis that has shaken this corner of West Africa for a week.
Rick DiPietro made 31 saves and Chris Heron sparked a three-goal barrage in the second period last night as Boston University won its sixth consecutive Beanpot Tournament with a 4-1 victory over Boston College in Boston.
And as Dr. Lederman said in an interview, ''The history of transistors is the history of solving Schrodinger's equation in various materials.''
We have been taken on a tour of America's entire racial history in preparation for this moment: understanding why this particular white soul, with the most humane and unprejudiced of parents and the most integrated public education that America has to offer, lost all his black friends with the nset of puberty.
Most economists believe Alan Greenspan is more responsible for the economy's spectacular performance than Congress, Presidents Bush and Clinton or any other identifiable factor.
''So the only way was to get as close as possible to him.''
By the end of 1999, he had raised more than $3 million in campaign funds and seemed well on his way to victory.
When you return, after a day of sightseeing, to your room at the Mansfield Hotel on West 44th Street and find your bedspread turned down, instead of a chocolate on the pillow you might find a CD called ''Salute to a Century of Jazz.''
Across Society Hill's northern boundary, Market Street, is Old City, which 20 years ago was a disused quarter of small, abandoned garment factories with a few luncheonettes and a string of restaurant-supply stores.
Lucic, considered one of the up-and-comers of the women's tour just a year ago, pushed aside her No.
There's never a great time to consider these things.
It was Mayor Carlos Ramirez of El Paso, a man outside the traditional party mold.
When they are gone, the skiers are expected to come in droves.
''When I got to the Pro Bowl and realized there were only three other defensive ends on the A.F.C.
Health care was hardly his strong point, or even a matter of major interest to him.
The other founding member and lead singer, Stevo Nelson, originally from Livingston, was steeped in the music of New Orleans when he was a doorman at the Crescent City club Tipitina for seven years.
The United States is focused on the sanctuary in Afghanistan of the Saudi-born financier of militancy, Osama bin Laden, who is wanted in the United States on charges of being behind the bombings of two American embassies in Africa in 1998.
The lawyer for Mrs. Underhill's estate, Robert L. Ecker, said he did not know whether he would appeal.
Sharon McHugh believes the tradeoffs are worth it.
Last month, the European Union lifted its yearlong embargo against the airline imposed over Mr. Milosevic's repression of the ethnic Albanian majority in Kosovo province.
And what Lax sent was enhanced reality: a race that became sports entertainment, with Trautwig's mostly eloquent narration; music added at crucial moments; plenty about Jones and her twin sister, but little about McMahon; underwater shots of the swimming segment; a close-up of Montgomery's shoes and more beauty shots of Sydney than in 17 days of Atlanta in 1996.
But municipals, tax-free except for capital gains (and the alternative minimum tax) currently yield nearly as much.
Central Hockey League COLUMBUS COTTONMOUTHS--Signed F Craig Stahl, F Ricahrd Kazda, and F Denis Lamoureux.
But once we are up there, the sights are incredible and it is just a matter of a slow climb to get there.''
.3:40:52 5064 Skog, K, 28F .
The likelihood is that Tagliabue will uphold the contract and then help put together a deal that will allow Belichick to move to New England as the Patriots' new head coach and general manager in exchange for draft picks that the Patriots would give the Jets.
The homeboys I used to hang around with were like, ''Hey man, look at that white boy.''
Ms. Streb's free fall into music comes with an immediate caveat.
Unlike some other dealers, he does not search for specific cars for individual buyers; he looks only at cars in good shape that can be put in near-show condition with a minimum of work.
Near a small stone memorial erected to Mr. Adriano in the Dessau city park, African youths hang out.
Rite Aid's restatement of earnings began last year, after the company's auditors at KPMG voiced complaints and later resigned, saying they had no faith in the management.
It was close to 1 p.m., barely seven hours after the Dolphins had returned from Sunday's playoff victory over the Seahawks in Seattle.
Benjamin Adams, a seventh-generation descendant of the first president to reside in the White House, said he expected many more twists and turns before the country discovered whether the Bushes or the Gores would move in next.
''Poverty, sickness, despair and isolation are still rampant in our city, even if we don't see it in our homes and offices, or on the street,'' Dr. Ruskay said.
A woman from a village 60 miles east of Lockerbie told the court today that she had found an instruction manual for a cassette deck in a field outside her house.
The latest internationally accepted value had an uncertainty of .15 percent.
Its yield fell to 5.51 percent from 5.58 percent on Tuesday.
Early tenants of the Goelet Building included a gas-fixture manufacturer, Archer, Pancoast & Company; Herts Brothers, a decorating firm; and Fritz & LaRue, a carpet dealer.
REX CARNEY Washington, March 20, 2000 The writer is international trade program director for Environmental Media Services.
.4:53:38 21724 Testagrossa, D, 41M .
On this day they bought a pair of blood pythons (the name refers to their red color).
There is hope for everybody.
MR. BUSH -- I would support the Orrin Hatch version of it, not the Senator Kennedy version.
Mounting a classic as big as this one, with a price tag to match, involved every resource the company could muster.
One channel focuses specifically on college students, offering detailed information about how agencies are organized, how to prepare for a job interview and how to develop a portfolio of work for those interested in becoming copywriters or art directors.
During Tilton's long absences on lecture tours, she found comfort in Beecher's visits.
Religion's salubrious benefits apply to frail and healthy older people alike.
The Hoffman papers and memorabilia were given to UConn this summer by Jack Hoffman, his brother.
Born in Chicago, he spent much of his early childhood with his grandparents after his mother and father divorced.
The company, which is downsizing, vacated the 87,000-square-foot two-story building on the site last fall and sold it to CDI/East, said Joseph J. Garibaldi IV, a senior vice president at the Garibaldi Group, a real estate services firm in Chatham that represented Lever Brothers in the sale.
It is emphatically a theater piece.
That argument angers environmentalists, who say the lack of understanding is that much more reason for preservation efforts to be swift and broad.
Four officers from the Bergen County prosecutor's office, five members of the Fort Lee Police Department and an officer from East Windsor went to Mr. Holtz's motel room late Thursday night to question him.
Coca-Cola of Atlanta, the world's leading soft drink producer, denied the accusations made by the merger partners in Companhia de Bebidas das Americas, known as AmBev.
'' Mr. Wolfe, who was then 32, set about imposing order on the artistic and administrative chaos he discovered in Arkansas.
That hit home to me.''
He criticized Mr. Gore for not taking a position on the issue.
The relatives have fought to have the boy remain in the United States.
All the same, what I really can't stop thinking about is the angle of Ms. Atkins's right leg, which is all the more noticeable for her wearing white stockings.
who used to be a restaurant critic of The New York Times, accused Mr. Ruggerio of using 10 recipes from four cookbooks ''that appear in almost identical form in Ruggerio's new book.''
That's why you put on a helmet and shoulder pads.
''I felt it was very necessary, and also it's something I wanted to do,'' Mr. Tomasson said.
When I was a boy, my father would perform a ritual.
He can even take a joke about his girth.
He had championed Africa's powerless, knocking down the mighty, including President Olusegun Obasanjo, when he was the country's military ruler a generation ago.
Why buy a car on the Boston Post Road when the same dealers have outposts in Bedford or Yonkers?
Microsoft noted that the company would have to win approval for elements of the plan from several federal agencies, including the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Internal Revenue Service, as well as governments of countries where the company has subsidiary offices.
One is Nance Douglas, an elementary schoolteacher who has answered more than 630 questions since the site opened for testing in September.
Interment is at New Montefiore Cemetery follows.
The bridegroom is the stepson of John A. Shilts.
In the opening round of a trial expected last up to six weeks, lawyers for Mr. Milan and the United States Attorney's office began selecting jurors who will decide whether Mr. Milan is guilty of charges that he took more than $30,000 in payments in exchange for steering a city contract to a business controlled by organized crime.
The companies expect the transaction to close in the fourth quarter.
Instead of cheap structures constructed by the lowest bidder, Mr. Moynihan challenged the nation to create buildings that ''reflect the dignity, enterprise, vigor and stability'' of the American people.
In 1964, a Nobel Prize for the laser went to Professor Townes and two Russians, Nicolai Basov and Alexander Prokhorov, the other three scientists who had made independent discoveries and who built the first functioning devices.
Although considered to be a moderate Republican, his positions, from gun control to abortion, can seem oh-so-carefully nuanced.
They come into treatment because of the emptiness that they feel.
How did Cyber Yenta come to be?
At the other end of the spectrum are instant throwaways like ''The Cheerios Christmas Play Book'' and ''The M&M's Christmas Gift Book,'' in which you can fill in missing holes on reindeer noses and snowmen's caps with you know what.
But Democratic Party lawyers, who asked the canvassing board to reconsider its decision, said the State Supreme Court ruling on Thursday gave them new ammunition to get, if not a full hand recount, at least an alternative one of 10,750 ballots that were not counted because holes in punch cards were not thoroughly perforated, a problem that shows up as a nonvote in machine counts.
It was a shuttle drill, but I wasn't able to do it and he had no clue.
Weiner (D) Yea Nay Yea 10.
''This is the critical area for Republicans in any statewide election,'' said Representative Charles T. Canady, a Republican from Lakeland, a town along the Interstate about halfway between Orlando and Tampa.
So it is something of a painful paradox that the season is also distinguished by the anniversaries of the deaths of American moral figures who were associated with freedom.
It was then that I finally realized that he was the person I needed to be with all along.''
This is not a clinic.
The president of the Danube Commission in Budapest told Reuters that work on a $21 million plan is scheduled to begin in about five months.
By the time he and his friends returned to Beijing in mid-1972, Marcos had declared martial law, making their repatriation even riskier.
Another aspect of reading for pleasure rather than purpose is that one encounters unexpected connections.
''Everybody was all excited that they lost,'' said Leiter, who at 14-5 may be having the best season of any National League pitcher except for Arizona's Randy Johnson.
So vital, in fact, that the rear dining room has to be sealed off from the front room in the evenings by a black, semitransparent scrim.
MONTREAL ALOUETTES--Signed SB Harvey Stables to a two-year contract and RB Joe Aska and RB Markeith Cooper to one-year contracts.
And it overlooks the fact that many computer-related stocks have declined.
Mr. Liu declined to comment on the status of the search, except to say that the foundation was still determined to sell its holdings.
But international and Colombian agencies that track the use of child fighters say FARC might rely on children to a larger degree than thought.
In New York and other cities, teachers' unions are leading the effort to introduce innovative education programs into our schools.
The WPS Resources Corporation, the owner of a Wisconsin natural gas and electric utility, agreed yesterday to buy the Wisconsin Fuel and Light Company for about $56 million in stock.
Flea Theater, 41 White Street, Lower Manhattan, (212) 226-2407.
The ruling does not preclude another team from making a deal to compensate the Jets if it wants to hire Belichick.
Caffe Agostinis in the Queen Street courtyard -- you cannot miss it because the tables with wide canvas umbrellas spill outdoors -- is an informal spot with fresh ingredients and reasonable prices.
Twelve states -- Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Idaho, Louisiana, Maine, Mississippi, Nevada, Tennessee, Texas, Utah and Wyoming -- have such legislation, Mr. Halpern said.
''There'll be pressure to become unified more quickly,'' he said.
Candidates included Sir Norman Foster, the British architect, and Cesar Pelli, who designed the tallest buildings in the world, Petronas Twin Towers in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Mr. Lichtenstein made his reputation rebuilding the academy of music by discovering how to turn Manhattan's attention to Brooklyn.
In last night's opener, Brodeur was the hot goaltender when he had to be as the Devils rolled, 7-3.
To celebrate New Year's Eve, we went to a restaurant in the medina, Le Tobsil, opened a year and a half ago in a lovely renovated house.
But we owe them everything they need to get the jobs done.''
Last year, Dr. Krivosheiw's son happened to be free on Thanksgiving.
The Park Service, which apologized for the fire, is continuing its inquiry to determine if any officials should be disciplined.
Each of the three Harry Potter books had a different translator, all of them women.
Kate Michelman, president of the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League, said the appointment cast Mr. Bush in a new and harsher light.
It was either going to be me or Serena.''
''But we are sympathetic to the reason people put them up.
''This could help Europe face its own responsibilities.''
''So there is a downside at times when you have these luxury used cars.''
Mr. Dion salvaged a video camera and microphone from the Nauman piece.
Dwight Anthony Crooks, 27, of Brooklyn died at University Hospital in Newark, the police said.
Mr. Walker added that no one at the company predicted the recent sharp rise in gas prices.
It is probably the smallest park in the city -- about the size of a medieval banquet table.
In a city where rent disputes inspire as much passion as matters of the heart, the Seavey Organization is trying to end its participation in the Mitchell-Lama program, a state-sponsored system that gave landlords low-interest mortgages in return for keeping rents significantly below market levels.
''They had money, that's why they got away with it,'' said Rodney Green, a 28-year-old neighborhood resident.
''So we went from a half-hour wheel to an hour wheel,'' Ms. Cooper said.
INTERNATIONAL A3-12 Middle East Summit Ends Without a Settlement President Clinton said Israeli and Palestinian negotiators at Camp David had been unable to reach an agreement after two weeks of talks on such issues as the shape of a new Palestinian state and the future Palestinian refugees.
Scientists have prodded bone marrow cells to turn into nerve cells, raising the tantalizing possibility of an easily accessible source of replacement cells to treat brain and nerve injuries and diseases.
Mr. Bush does offer his brother counsel now and then.
He has been awesome at times, wowing the Staples Center crowd and bailing out the Lakers in the final minutes.
Still, he acknowledged that ABC's decision to try to capitalize as quickly as possible on the popularity of ''Millionaire'' by expanding it to four nights a week this fall ''might have contributed'' to a faster slide in ratings.
''This fear,'' she says, ''is one of the horrors of an author's life.''
Deepest sympathy to his beloved wife, Elaine, children Shelley and Jeff Daube, Tobe Goldfinger, Naomi Silbermintz, and the entire family.
Past organizers have been accused of using the parade as a cover to bring illegal Pakistani immigrants into the United States.
I know Judge Robertson, and I know his high reputation for integrity, so I decided to look into Professor Rotunda's charges.
Sometimes he suggests that people pass initiatives that lead to consequences they don't really understand.
The landscape here looked to him like the surface of the full moon that shone above.
Drifting bioengineered pollen will pollute organic crops, they say, and insects will destroy what is left after feeding on transgenic corn and developing resistance to natural pesticides.
She calls herself an activist and remains one, staid but fervent.
I heard that he talked of K.G.B.
With the city boiling with doubts about police fidelity, majority support has quickly grown on the Board of Aldermen, Louisville's legislative body, for a law that would increase civilian oversight of the department through an appointed review board.
The students had been sentenced to three-year prison terms for blasphemy.
But errors can cause hang-ups on callers who answer before the machines do, something that the consumer advocates say can be disturbing.
There must be a mistake.
Mr. Barrett said the first building would be completed in December.
Microsoft rallied briefly after the Supreme Court decided not to hear the company's antitrust appeal immediately, but the shares soon fell to their lowest level since November 1998.
He is fifth in the nation in scoring at 23.1 points a game and is averaging more than 6 assists and 3 steals.
Nor was the network swayed by complaints from groups including the National Alliance for the Mentally Ill that ''Wonderland'' reinforced stereotypes about mental illness, he said.
The woman muses poetically on a photograph in the train compartment, conveniently showing two people unaware of each other's existence.
''I'm not making as many putts as I'd like to, but it's encouraging, because a lot of them are hitting the hole and lipping out.
That said, aides to Mr. Lazio acknowledged this week that they were aware of what Mr. Teitelbaum, and a small group of other Lazio supporters, were trying to do.
There was one bright spot in the otherwise dreary half for the Giants.
Together, CNBC and MSNBC will be on the air 11 hours a day, catering to the fervent sports fan unsated by NBC's format.
He received $150,000 from the Business Council of Alabama last month, the largest of his $1.14 million in contributions, and has made heavy purchases of television advertising.
Bake about 50 minutes, until pastry is lightly browned.
''I am this boy's mother and we are innocent and I wanted to take that stand.''
The lawsuit was first reported yesterday by Bloomberg News.
''But that is a very hard style for him, because he's an aggressive, hard-hitting debater by nature, and I thought the change disabled him to a certain degree.
After Geoff Jenkins struck out, Sexson lined a 2-1 pitch to the gap in right-center field.
Poul Elming, a well-traveled Danish tenor, made his Met debut, as Siegmund, and one wanted to be impressed.
Add salmon, onion, cucumber, hard-boiled eggs, tomatoes.
But on his recent trip to Beijing it was the Chinese who told him to pay more attention to developing a globally competitive private sector.
's office used that identification as the cornerstone of its case against Mr. Butts.
''We are here this morning with one aim: to have our civil and religious liberties restored,'' said the Portadown Orangemen's leader, Harold Gracey, who called for province-wide protests on Monday.
A group of trauma surgeons here has cataloged more than 60 cases of young men who lost hands or limbs or suffered other disabling injuries from electric shocks in the last two years.
With Jamie Moyer and Freddy Garcia on the disabled list, Paul Abbott (1-0) made his first start of the season and allowed three runs and five hits in five and two-thirds innings with five strikeouts and four walks.
And Warner has won the complete respect of his teammates.
He spoke English in the courtroom, and his remarks were translated into German by a court official.
One recent evening, as Mr. Fox's Suburban rolled slowly into Morelia, the Michoacan capital, he leaned out the window, waving his two-finger Enough Already!
A gorgeous guy can't also be a decent, trustworthy, marriageable male, at least not in any real-life story we've ever lived.
The first effort to draft a measure that would overcome the constitutional objections was the Religious Liberty Protection Act, at which some civil-rights groups balked.
Secondly, I think John McCain is a person that basically wanted to elevate the discourse and had a reason for running, rather than tearing somebody down.
In spring and summer, it will stay open two hours later.
Biography and art blend in this successful 500-work installation, with each identically formatted but completely independent piece corresponding sequentially to the days between Aug. 19, 1998, and Dec. 31, 1999.
The exquisite front door, writes G. E. Kidder Smith in his ''Source Book of American Architecture,'' ranks ''as one of the finest in U.S. Georgian architecture.''
''It is important for the three of us to get along and work cooperatively,'' he said.
The Officers and Directors of Japan Society express deepest sympathy to the family of a close friend and longtime supporter, Pauline B. Falk, on her passing.
''Challenging traditional aesthetic boundaries and expectations, Weill has frequently been cited as the 'most problematic' composer of the 20th century,'' Kim H. Kowalke, director of the foundation, writes in a centennial introduction.
The money helps, since she cannot both work and care for Vincent.
MONMOUTH COUNTY HISTORICAL ASSOCIATION ''Angels in the Household: Childhood Life in Monmouth County, 1700-1920.''
Regardless, for the next two years, possession of the cup belongs to the Americans.
Prepare caramel sauce: Place a medium saucepan over medium-low heat, and add sugar.
One such argument is that the middle class may be doing well but that the bottom rungs of the society are suffering more than ever.
''The failure of the peacekeepers has to be properly clarified, and the government and the military must be accountable to our democratic institutions.''
The first state fair, in 1886, dazzled visitors with livestock shows, displays of fancy needlework and rides on flying-jennies (primitive carousels).
A day trader can exploit many mutual funds because of how they calculate their net asset values -- the prices at which they can be bought or sold.
Mr. Parco, who owns Intercontinental Investigations in Manhattan, is one of a small number of private investigators in the city that specialize in catching part-time tenants of rent-regulated apartments.
''ESPN treats it one step below soccer, and they would move it without telling you,'' he said.
Huizenga is chairman of both the Panthers and Boca Resorts.
It would be the first such stay he issued.
Asked about the senator's comments about the religious right, he waved his hand and said: ''That's all irrelevant to me.
TUESDAY: ''That 70's Show,'' ''Titus,'' ''Dark Angel.''
79 in a series, this time of its pugnacious and popular congressman, James A. Traficant Jr. ''I tell people it's not a question of personalities; it's a question of a community, its value structure, its culture,'' said Mr. Callen, the director of Ohio Legal Services.
And here in Connecticut, Mr. Lieberman's home state, his incompatible dual candidacies have created a complex game of political dominoes involving a large cast of candidates for whom a shot at higher office, at least in the near term, depends on which way Domino No.
is about bringing people to the outdoors,'' Mr. Graff said.
.3:57:22 8746 Passolas, C, 54M .
For example, Stephen A. Douglas's 1859 defense of a territory's right to choose slavery is presented for rumination, but whether it should be digested by the stomach for sophistry or the stomach for full historical disclosure, Lapham and Rosenbush do not advise.
What would he do about the Republican senators who have refused to confirm a single black nominee to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, which has more black citizens than any other circuit?
PRINTMAKING COUNCIL OF NEW JERSEY ''Dust Shaped Hearts'' by Don Camp -- A Collection of casein and earth pigment monoprints.''
Nikolaj Znaider was a fine soloist in the concerto.
The Angels broke the record of 44 set in August 1982.
But it's not gathering dust.
It was another 21 years before she saw another pay raise, even though in the meantime, she says, no one complained to her about her work.
.5:48:22 27206 Leahy, M, 36M .
Inside, there were clothes, toys and a microwave oven.
Under slightly different conditions, environmental experts said, the impact of the spill could have been severe.
One team, the winner of the Western Hemisphere zone, consists of Jay McKee, Joao Campos, Benito Garozzo, Lea Dupont, Raija and Richard Reisig.
Some of Mr. Jones's wide-ranging musical choices -- 11 compositions for this suite of 11 flowing scenes -- are intriguing, among them the Zambian child's song-chant that opens the piece, an extended rumbling gargle by John Cage and some Portuguese fado and medieval Spanish dance music.
Gayle Osterberg, a spokeswoman for Mr. Nickles, the assistant majority leader of the Senate, said Congress was sending a message to states: ''If you find a way to abuse Medicaid, do it early, do it boldly and do it big.
The deficit is at a level that leaves the economy vulnerable to a sharp fall in the value of the dollar, a jump in inflation and interest rates, and a slowdown in growth or even a recession.
The Japanese pianist Chitose Okashiro alighted at Miller Theater on Wednesday evening to play a program devoted largely to the music of Messiaen and Toru Takemitsu.
Lastminute said the purchase would help it become profitable as soon as 2003, a year earlier than previously expected.
Political experts said elections would take place by mid-spring at the earliest.
All these entertainments are part of the same cultural movement that has made old-fashioned heroism trendy, from the movie ''Saving Private Ryan'' to Tom Brokaw's two bestselling books praising the World War II generation, and even Senator John McCain's presidential candidacy, built on his biography as a prisoner during the war in Vietnam.
In a documentary tape Mr. Scopes Jr. brought to the class, Mr. Darrow is heard getting Mr. Bryan to say that he believed literally everything written in the Bible.
Perkins averaged about 20 minutes a game and 6.6 points last season while shooting 41 percent from behind the 3-point line.
But Holdsclaw's shot created the seventh lead change of the game, and it was a dagger.
But even his most extravagant performances could not be considered, as those of his peers often were, as the last traces of the 19th-century theatrical impulse, immense and lit by lightning.
ABC has begun using its game show hit, ''Who Wants to Be A Millionaire,'' as a club, slotting it against potential hits on other networks to squash them.
Like the work of young novelists like David Foster Wallace and the recently published memoir ''A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius,'' by David Eggers, Kaufman's ''Adaptation'' is wildly self-conscious while at the same time inching toward some post-ironic point of observation.
''Part of the reason the prices are so low right now is because the hotel is under construction,'' he said.
Even half a year later, Clarke's words are blunt.
Florida law prohibits such voting.
On Friday, August 4, 2000, at the National Rehabilitation Hospital.
It had an initial printing of 60,000 when it went on sale on May 2.
Diana C. Dennett, executive vice president of the American Association of Health Plans, a trade group for H.M.O.
(Not yet elevated, he remains an assistant secretary.)
2 in terms of the exposure we would get,'' Mr. Gorin said.
It starts off the Christmas spirit.
He had already been suspended twice and fined numerous times.
juggernaut chugs along with enormous power.
''Always be closing,'' has been his life's creed.
''I had no headaches and no problems with that,'' he said about the hit.
2, as it is formally known, may get a second life.
Mr. Matzner, 27, grew up under communism in East Germany and watched in amazement when the Berlin Wall fell without bloodshed.
The back page of the issue had a full-page picture of Elian's cousin, Marisleysis Gonzalez, sobbing.
It took her three years to get her associate's degree.
This convivial, crowded place has a real bistro feel with French food that is good and often creative.
''All these efforts are aimed at strengthening strategic stability,'' he said.
Balance of the Equities The equities, in this case, weigh heavily in favor of issuing an injunction pending appeal.
Next comes a chart comparing the spending proposals made by President Clinton with those made by Mr. Gore.
The drug works in a similar fashion to the controversial abortion drug known as RU-486.
At last year's White House correspondents' dinner, Mr. Clinton shared the stage with Michael Isikoff, the Newsweek reporter who broke the Monica Lewinsky scandal.
But this is not a dairy in the true sense of the word.
Former CEO of Electralloy Corporation, predeceased by his first wife, Mae, and his second wife, Audrey.
Experts say the rising death toll might presage an even higher death rate.
and introducing a new new design that addressed many of the readers' criticisms.
In the years since, ''Moody's Mood for Love'' has become a standard in its own right; even Aretha Franklin has had a go at it.
At one point, Grand Central City, as it was called, was to have had several theaters, an exhibition hall and an open-air restaurant.
Last year, they shut 207.
The story became part of Motorola lore and was often cited in the years that followed as a symbol of the company's openness to bold ideas.
''He creates a dossier for himself,'' Ms. Srbljanovic said, ''in which he brags about his prior life as an important dissident always attacking the regime.
Vacant spaces began disappearing and rents began climbing about three years ago when it became clear that the shopping center would actually be built, said Barbara Askins, the president of the 125th Street Business Improvement District.
A moment later, he said, ''I'm absolutely offended,'' adding, ''Are you trying to polarize our community?''
Guy continues in the style of the opening, and Mr. Surman adds a gentle saxophone counterpoint that later grows into a solo matched to Mr.
''Her mother, Empress Maria Theresa, was my great-great-great-great-grandmother.
''I thought this show was unique,'' said Jerry Offsay, Showtime's president of programming.
The contact had been near the end of his bat, however, and he did not think the ball had a chance to land in the stands.
With moguls like Lew Wasserman, the former chairman of MCA, and David Geffen, one of the owners of Dreamworks, and stars like Barbra Streisand set to open their gated compounds for Democratic fund-raisers and parties, Hollywood is hardly in a mood to publicly voice nervousness about Mr. Lieberman.
Belgium's Kim Clijsters avenged a defeat from a week earlier, beating Anna Kournikova, 6-4, 6-3, in another first-round match.
Mathis also played a crucial role in what proved to be the winning goal of Game 1 of this two-of-three-game quarterfinal series.
On Monday, September 4 at his home in New York.
McGwire volunteered the information last season that he had stopped using andro.
''We do not have a class for your son,'' the principal told my mother in a heavy Puerto Rican accent, looking down and smiling at me; I remember staring, transfixed, at his snakeskin boots, feeling as if they might slither around the floor of his office if I took my eyes off them.
She goes on to demand that the items belonging to herself and her husband, Kurt Cobain, that are in the possession of the Hall of Fame's museum in Cleveland be returned: ''Any of my stuff you stole, I want back immediately.
A delay in contract negotiations would signal a sharp change in strategy for the teachers' union, which has spent millions of dollars in advertising as part of a public campaign to push Mr. Giuliani to come to the bargaining table, the sooner the better.
The school has worked hard to introduce young Chinese to Beijing opera by developing ''greatest hit'' shows.
Well, the Braves could get their wish because the four-game series with the Mets is also about first place in the National League East.
''I'm Mary Poppins, compared to John Lynch,'' Mr. Lesniak responded.
''In India, no professional person would give their daughter to a driver,'' she said.
If the Yankees cannot trade for Surhoff or Burnitz, they are expected to make a deal for Chad Curtis, the former Yankee currently with Texas, or Philadelphia's Ron Gant.
The evangelical vote is far from monolithic, however.
When they encountered Casey and two other black men, the police said, the woman was asked: ''What are you doing with him?
''Confidentially, Cole,'' starring Sean Hayden; directed by Linda Koutrakos; music and lyrics by Cole Porter, with additional music by Steve Ross and Ann Hampton Callaway.
To the Editor: Re ''A New Look at Russia'' (Week in Review, Dec. 24): As an American working with Russians to build a civil society and a market economy, I feel offended by President-elect George W. Bush's focus on cold-war security issues as the means to work with Russia.
.4:36:29 18162 Pomfret, C, 34M .
Sandra Bullock plays the agent's gastroenterologist.
Tonight and tomorrow night at 8:45 and 10:45.
''Of course, then you can turn around and look at how well The Industry Standard is doing,'' he said.
He remained in Jerusalem for deliberations in Parliament before flying to Washington.
Diaz will be 25 on March 16.
Do not look for Pro, a new magazine, in local stores.
DON'T TELL MAMA, 343 West 46th Street, Clinton, (212) 757-0788.
To help understand what is involved, Andy Portilla, a veteran tour caddie and former club professional, provides a window into the life and work of a PGA Tour caddie.
The Royal Shakespeare Company will indeed perform ''Henry VI,'' Parts I, II and III, and ''Richard III'' in March at the Power Center in Ann Arbor, Mich.
Rescue workers found the ''black box'' today of an Air Philippines Boeing 737-200 that crashed early Wednesday, killing all 131 people on board.
Ron Magliocco, Coke's promotions manager for New York, said that Batea La Sed featured baseball skills contests for 13- to 16-year-olds in parks citywide.
The other was the Sisters of Life, a New York-based order founded by Cardinal O'Connor, whose 30 members devote themselves to protecting the sanctity of life, whether by running shelters for unwed mothers or by ministering to the sick and elderly.
Yet there is no denying that we have arrived at the gateway to another epoch, and the moment commands respect and reflection about the world to come.
Steep wooden steps lead from the carriage entrance to wide-open rooms with cool hardwood floors divided by intricately carved wooden transoms -- the large Filipino families of the elite lived casually, without doors that closed.
For six innings, Leiter watched as his teammates fell over themselves with bad base-running.
On the evening of the New Hampshire primary, Mr. Bradley addressed a raucous crowd of several hundred volunteers in a college gymnasium.
Jean-Claude Noel, 53, has worked at both Hilton International and TNT Post Group, a $9 billion leader in mail, communications and logistics.
He seems determined to save us from ourselves, so worried is he that we will buy Mr. Bocelli's record and pass up other commendable offerings.
''He can run 21 flat in the 200 and 48 in the quarter.
Put the boys in an ice cream truck under hot pursuit and out pops a ''live-action adventure cartoon stuffed with macho banter, decorated with weaponry and charged with enough cliffhangers to stir up some adrenaline.''
As a result, Dr. Tyler said, the market has been flooded with ''junk products'' that are a waste of money.
Gen. Leonard F. Chapman Jr., the former commandant of the Marine Corps who guided the service through the height of the Vietnam War and the social and racial upheavals of that era, died of cancer on Thursday in Fairfax, Va.
Officials said one reason they thought that the train was not traveling too fast was that the accident caused little damage to the front of the third car, where it smashed into the wall.
Such programmers are in demand because they are the ones who write all the handcrafted software programs that keep the nation's computer-dependent economy running.
''Everyone refers to Miami as that 'banana republic.'
The wires running from the outlets to the ground are called neutral wires and are color-coded with white insulation.
The main victims, aside from the people of Cuba, are the American voters, who have once again been told that this odious 40-year embargo is being eased while, in reality, it is being tightened.
.3:54:11 7913 Christensen, J, 42M .
And ever since Jan. 1, 1959, when the dictator Fulgencio Batista fled Havana, the New Year is more important for commemorating the day when cheering throngs embraced Fidel Castro and his triumphant revolutionaries.
''Someone in my position is not going to stick around at G.E.
Taking up photography seriously only in 1851, he presented an album of 300 flower photographs in Paris three years later; it is these for which he is principally known today.
He could then say to Clinton, ''I stopped new Phalcon sales to China as you asked, at huge financial and market-developing sacrifice, and how about reimbursement?''
''For the camera, black absorbs all the light and has no interest,'' said Patricia Field, the costume designer for HBO's ''Sex and the City.''
''There are sightings all over the place,'' he says.
In a new show at the Philadelphia Museum of Art, the life of the mind is evoked in works on paper.
More skeptical parties weighed in: ''Your girlfriend, your mother and a baby?
Or they can continue to hold the line, trying as best they can to ensure security for all in Kosovo and working hard to prevent more Balkan wars.
I was wondering why I didn't understand the Bush plan, so it's a relief to know that it's not my fault: there isn't any plan.
''Everyone on the block helped raise us,'' he said.
It was great peace of mind.''
''Not only for New Jersey,'' she said, ''but for the nation, the bottom line here is that this is a jobs bill.''
Days later Mr. Savelyev greeted an Iranian delegation here that included two rocket experts from Iran's Ministry of Defense, as well as an Iranian intelligence officer.
The Jets might even use their second first-round selection, in combination with other picks, to try to move into the top 10 to get Burress.
Sonic Foundry has a growth rate of about 100 percent a year.
Officials had sought voluntary evacuations in a half-dozen subdivisions, Mr. Broyles said.
''The Dutch want to know if the furniture in the house really belonged to the Master.''
It's not surprising to hear that Mr. Knoxville has been getting acting assignments (he had a part in the movie ''Coyote Ugly'' and is appearing in ''Big Trouble'' for Barry Sonnenfeld); he establishes a connection with the audience very quickly, reassuring them with his cocky grin.
had dropped 13 consecutive Super Bowls to the National Football Conference and was being denigrated as the league's weak link.
When accusations of Justice Thayer's interference led to an investigation by Attorney General McLaughlin, he ended up accusing the justices of a pattern of commenting to other justices on cases from which they had recused themselves over personal bias or potential conflicts of interest.
I could have done without the flying beach balls and other stilted frolicking, but ''Acis and Galatea'' is about music, and Handel's here is breathtaking.
Over this decade, American consumption of natural gas is expected to increase by about 50 percent, to 33 trillion cubic feet a year.
Singh: After the round, caddies go one way.
This is really a documentary of the time of 1999.
Placed F Terrance Roberson on the injured list.
Europe's secondlargest chip maker, Royal Philips Electronics, said it planned to sell most of its stake in ASM Lithography Holding for about three billion euros ($2.87 billion) in a public offering.
If the sale goes through, Beijing may permit diplomatic relations with Israel to blossom; but if it does not, nobody can say what missiles or nuclear technology an angry China may sell to enemies of Israel like Iran or Iraq.
For all the intramural sniping, the old combat sergeant admits he enjoys the extra political notice and power that seems to come with the vice-presidential speculation, however fruitless it may prove.
''Basically,'' he said, ''it did.''
Granted, the stakes are lower, but the challenges are much more amusing and far less cutthroat.
Every few days, usually in the late afternoon, two new friends meet for a long talk.
A few years ago, sidewalk fakes were limited mainly to generic-looking black nylon ''Pradas'' and impostor ''Louis Vuittons.''
The United Nations resolution that ended the war did not include a clause on missing or detainees, but Mr. Chowdhury said there was a strong need for a high-level figure to be appointed to deal specifically with that issue.
Sunday night at 7, Marilyn Volpe, singer and songwriter; at 9, Alexandra Haas, singer.
George may have regretted that he never left Bedford Falls, saw the world and got rich, but he finally comes to his senses.
continuously since 1958; its first assignment came in 1930.
Mr. Dorismond angrily responded no, Mr. Karasyk said, and while Officer Moran backed away, Mr. Dorismond continued to shout at him belligerently.
''I am trying here to find a middle ground in terms of not having witch hunts or being lax,'' she said.
''Maybe nobody will buy it, and I can stay,'' she whispered.
The same apartment -- actually two apartments combined into what Mr. Goldman's Web site calls a ''luxurious ranch-style home'' -- would have cost about $190,000 just over a month ago.
ALEX LYCOYANNIS Brookline, Mass., Aug. 18, 2000
''We were afraid we were going to have drug addicts moving in.''
To actually feel the different textures of the world under your feet is the way we were born to be.''
And until now, Bertelsmann has not been able to build an online presence comparable to its off-line position.''
Interspersed with tales of his mountaineering escapades are passages in which his wife, Peach, testifies bitterly about being neglected.
The latest New York Times/CBS News poll, conducted Sept. 9 to 11 with 843 registered voters, shows a similar break.
Fabric, for instance, may have a list price for the public, and a net price that is 25 to 40 percent lower and that is available only to architects and designers.
That Mr. Pipelow offered to buy the man a new hat apparently fails to mollify the superintendent.
Mr. Migliaro estimates 2,000 to 5,000 Connecticut veterans will request diplomas.
''It's polarizing the community in a really bad way,'' said Carole Clark, the chef at the Charleston Restaurant in Hudson and a member of the opposition.
Contributions in memory of Mary A. Trump may be made to the Trump Pavilion at Jamaica Hospital, 90-28 Van Wyck Expressway, Jamaica, New York 11418 or the Long Island Jewish Medical Center, 270-05 76th Avenue, New Hyde Park, New York 11040.
That pace is just right, and is in fact the balance they envisioned when they moved in 1992 to the 30-acre farm outside of Berea, a small college town renowned for its arts and crafts in rural Kentucky, about 90 miles southeast of Louisville.
Mr. Sharansky had been pushing Mr. Barak to form a unity government with the rightist Likud Party.
(I had flown dozens of times into Ronald Reagan National Airport, for example, but not until I flew there by commuter plane was I truly impressed by Washington's memorials, the Pentagon and those bobsledlike turns that planes must take as they approach along the Potomac.)
Much of the reason has to do with VoiceStream's potential, analysts said.
The chairman of Bertelsmann A.G., Thomas Middelhoff, said today that he would step down from the board of America Online as a result of its proposed takeover of Time Warner.
(Rather than hurting his career or reputation, the behavior makes him an instant television ratings sensation, bleeps and all.)
I ask Blair if, three years after starting it, he can keep the project on the rise even without the public exuberance that helped send it aloft.
In an interview in his office this week, Mr. Ray did not come off as particularly zealous.
The big-ticket item was $21.7 million in campaign advertising, mostly for television.
There is no terror, no surprise.
The tanzim, the army said, was behind the shootings.
Likewise, for all his success in raising campaign money, he never turned the governor's office into a funds factory.
Construction of single-family houses fell 2.1 percent.
To the critics who chafe at the notion of know-it-all Ivy Leaguers cycling through schools on two-year tours, Ms. Kopp seems to say, so what?
Among the more talented and prolific of the Dusseldorf painters was Johann Wilhelm Schirmer (1807-1863), who in 1839 became professor of landscape painting at the Academy.
''You can throw a California berry at a brick wall and nothing happens,'' said Sandi Rose, who raises six varieties of strawberries on 10 acres in South Glastonbury.
BANKS -- Option to close.
The investigation must be rigorous and exhaustive, Mr. Horn told him -- and finished in seven weeks.
A low level of oxygen, creates conditions that kill marine life and repel fish.
He struck out six and walked two.
And this is a cause for alarm, because, from its inception, the project had the support of the Municipal Art Society and the Public Art Fund, two civic groups that enjoy estimable reputations as stewards of aesthetic quality.
Bloom once called their mutual agent, Harriet Wasserman, and complained that he had to rest up before going to Bellow's summer house in Vermont: ''I want to go and relax, and he wants to talk about Nietzsche, Rousseau, et cetera.
It was such a comforting routine.
''And it looks to me like a Broadway set, or an opera set.
''He hadn't been out there since last Wednesday, and it didn't look like he had his rhythm,'' Manager Bobby Valentine said.
''Some of the calls were hang-ups and some were statements,'' Ms. Frank said.
With Dennis Russell Davies as its chief conductor, this ensemble can be counted on to venture beyond the standard strains of old Vienna.
The NATO-led peacekeeping force in Kosovo has also failed to meet its commitments to survey and mark the bombed areas, he said.
At several events today, Mr. McCain fielded questions about the United Nations, veterans benefits, gun control and even foreign aid.
The state fails to demonstrate that banning D&X without a health exception may not create significant health risks for women, because the record shows that significant medical authority supports the proposition that in some circumstances, D&X would be the safest procedure.
Now, faced with Cuba -- the only team that has beaten them in Sydney, and the only one that has brought out the Americans' fighting side -- they want to remember to relax.
But his final legal judgment will come later, after hearing concluding arguments in court, scheduled for Feb. 22.
''They don't know how to ice skate,'' Ms. Falco said.
to restructure -- largely by unlocking the value of its $15 billion holding in Hughes Electronics, the fast-growing satellite television provider.
Ms. Muirhead explained that levels of each performance are different, the audience response may be different, and rewriting is conceivable.
Her father, and two of her uncles, were cabdrivers.
Jewish leaders' commitment to freedom of speech or religion would suffice, and then there is plain self-interest.
One union official candidly admitted that the burden of proving circumvention on the N.B.A.
But she shook her head in wonder at the thought that her former friend could have been involved in a murder.
But it is a risky bet.
''It doesn't leave a lot of wiggle room for any of the kind of contingencies we've seen that have happened in the past.''
The point of laws against racial bias is to outlaw irrational discrimination based on irrelevant characteristics.
But the company said that revenue growth in the current quarter would just match the first quarter.
Only two shows for which he wrote music made it to Broadway, ''Beggar's Holiday'' in 1946 and ''Pousse-Cafe'' 20 years later, and neither one stayed around very long.
''Unfairly but truthfully, our party has been tagged as being against things,'' he told reporters in Cleveland.
How did you get involved with the march?
A vote is not just a piece of paper.
During the dry season, when water is scarce, her family moves as many as 10 times, searching for grass for the cattle to eat.
Unlike many vacation towns, Fort Bragg resists a single defining image.
When asked if he thought much about his disappointments, he shook his head.
Recent history, from Woodrow Wilson's stroke to Paul Tsongas's ultimately fatal cancer, is replete with instances in which senior officials or their doctors or both have conspired to hide important medical information.
For one thing, the women in nightclubs are not removing their clothing, or even stripping down to lacy lingerie.
He reports that I speak of ''the life of James Jesus Angleton, with a shock at the end expressly designed to redeem the man's entire career.''
The unions, especially customer service representatives, had also sought relief from job stress brought by long periods of work with few breaks and frequent mandatory overtime.
But the particular PDE-5 inhibitor used in Viagra, a chemical known as sildenafil, remains protected by an unchallenged British patent that will not expire until 2013.
''The only reason they're doing this now is because I proved there was a market for it,'' he said.
On a second track, China works to bar organizations of Chinese or Tibetan exiles from getting a hearing there.
Fridays and Wednesdays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 5 and 10:15 p.m.; Sundays at 2 p.m.; Thursdays at 2 and 8 p.m.
''I didn't play any role in what they did or didn't do, starting or stopping,'' Mr. Pataki said Monday when asked about the calls.
Has Coke's worldwide empire grown too large to be managed efficiently and without conflict?
Beloved father of Judy and David.
People massed in every open space, raising legs and arms in the languid gesticulations of the ancient meditative form, while others briskly negotiated the streets.
.4:18:28 14002 Sears, J, 31M .
Rabbi Jerome K. Davidson will officiate at the TriBeCa Rooftop in New York.
''The rules were put in place by a vote of the N.C.A.A.
Jens Mueller completed a productive weekend in World Cup events for Germany by winning the men's singles event at Igls, Austria, in 1 minute 38.912 seconds.
but it was a false confidence,'' he said.
You see, I'm from the Mountain.
In September, Dixon was fined for sleeping through a meeting and walk-through on the eve of the season-opening game.
Mr. Skrainka pointed to a joint study by Edward Jones and Ned Davis Research, a securities research firm in Venice, Fla., on the stock performance of companies whose shares reached levels equivalent to 100 times their annual earnings.
There the case waited 13 years for a hearing, which would have been fine if the paperwork had only been allowed to gather dust.
* LE TIGRE, THE NEED, Brownies, 169 Avenue A, at 11th Street, East Village, (212) 420-8392.
The Clinton administration said today that proposals to create an independent agency to run the Medicare program or to administer prescription drug benefits for the elderly were unwise and probably unconstitutional because the new entity would not be accountable to the president.
Nationwide statistics reveal that an estimated 2 percent of ballots cast do not register a vote for president for whatever reason, including deliberately choosing no candidate at all or some voter error, such as voting for two candidates or insufficiently marking a ballot.
The top award for campaigns praised for positive portrayals of women, called the Grand Good, will be shared by two World Wide Web sites and their agencies.
As much as anyone, the Australian team appreciated what she has given to the sport.
But these features of size and scale are also partly responsible for the work's beauty and power, by which they are more than justified.
''I think he's feeling pretty good about coming back,'' said one friend.
The deficit so far has been positive for the economy.
In fact, the story appears in their book, in an excerpt from Mrs. Parish's journal.
February 16, 1946-August 30, 1991 (20 Elul).
But some false climaxes along the way prevented the work from achieving the truly rousing finale it deserved.
As a senior, he was not only rated the top football prospect in the Midwest and one of the top three in the nation, but he was also named high school player of the year in baseball by Baseball America after setting a national high school record of 70 home runs over four seasons.
Mr. Doyle, who owns Arlene Grocery in Manhattan, said many of his performers and patrons were Williamsburg residents who encouraged him to open a club in Brooklyn, and that local residents had signed petitions for him.
(AP) MANHATTAN: CONNECTION TROUBLES -- Silicon Alley companies plan to tell the City Council tomorrow that slow installation of high-speed Internet connections and other infrastructure problems are hurting their ability to do business.
''I don't know that that's very workable,'' he said.
George Pataki, who's in this audience, I want to acknowledge him, have turned this state around, have helped to create hundreds of thousands of jobs and opportunity for New York, have driven down the welfare rolls that have helped New York.
Deng, a 6-foot-10-inch sophomore from London who did not play last season, touched off the memories.
''I think credibility is lost when we continue to insist on technical legal points.''
Scientists believe that cheatgrass arrived in North America in the mid-1800's as a contaminant in grain seeds from Europe.
Afterward, eMakeover.com connected me to Avon.com's site to complete the purchase.
The writers he rang up were, of course, Tennessee Williams and Arthur Miller.
Union leaders hailed the agreement reached today.
As team prices have soared, proving that the value of the contracts equaled 50 percent of the purchase price has grown more difficult.
He will be riding Speaking of Time at 20-1 in the Distaff; Cindy's Hero at 5-1 in the Juvenile Fillies; the favorite, War Chant, at 4-1 in the Mile; Valiant Halory at 30-1 in the Sprint; and Point Given at 8-1 in the Juvenile.
Mr. May and Ms. May, eloquent dance partners and former husband and wife, suggested the power and economy of Sokolow's gestures in a searing performance of the 1995 ''September Sonnet.''
And how would I like to earn mine?
They're all on the phone.''
''I made this decision in what I felt was my best interest,'' the 6-foot-8-inch Harris said.
So let's solve the whole problem and deal with the disparities of the commercial sector.''
Also survived by her beloved dog Sophie.
Arthur I. Frankel, President Brian Strum, Secretary
Pickling allows the cabbage to be kept for months.
Mr. Bush is expected to make a decision in the next week or so.
Princeton (3-3) scoreed 8 straight points to break a 50-50 tie in the final 3 minutes.
We extend condolences to our devoted member Dr. Israel Teitelbaum on the loss of his wife Elaine.
''I started out birdie-birdie, but I didn't feel that great over the ball, and it ended up catching up with me.
Over the succeeding years, Mr. Bloch held a number of administrative positions in the rapidly growing computer industry, including general manager of the computer division of Raytheon, vice president for technical operations at Honeywell, vice president for corporate development at the Auerbach Corporation and vice president of the advanced systems division of General Electric.
Tickets: $15; $12 for students, children and the elderly (Dunning).
At least that's Jim's thought.
The Serbian government controls most of everyday life, including the police (both secret and regular), and it is Mr. Djindjic, as the leader of the largest party in the coalition, who is expected to become Serbian prime minister.
The baritone Bryn Terfel has withdrawn from the New York Philharmonic's concert performances of ''Sweeney Todd,'' May 4 through May 6 at Avery Fisher Hall, because he is recovering from surgery.
said today that it was backing debt relief for poor nations.
They also said it was a mistake for Mr. Bush to have appeared here with former Vice President Dan Quayle because it undermined the governor's message that he, not Mr. McCain, was the anti-Washington outsider.
He became a successful realtor and had a wonderful and happy life.
Add olives and remaining cheese, and stir until any remaining liquid cooks off.
''Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire,'' right?
The commission agreed and, in a preliminary vote, unanimously rejected the proposal.
Cut the chicken into 8 serving pieces, arrange them on the platter and pour the morel sauce over them.
In addition to the traffic changes, the plan adds more pedestrian islands for those who want to walk through the intersection.
The Chinese authorities have often released jailed dissidents to the United States on medical parole as a political gesture of good will or once their cases became politically embarrassing.
But he was happy, he said, never to ''have to eat at Wackenhut again.''
Japan's surplus as measured by its broadest measure of trade jumped 40 percent in April, the third consecutive month of year-to-year increases.
Leading by 83-82, Rex Chapman made a 3-pointer from the left wing to put the Suns ahead by 4.
Not long after stepping off Air Force One on Monday morning, Mr. Clinton walked somberly into the JolieVille Golf Resort.
Gary married Mona in 1994, and she changed his life, he says.
The bridegroom's stepfather, George P. Kramer, is a senior counsel at Hunton & Williams, a law firm in New York.
Adding Suzuki could help offset the loss of shortstop Alex Rodriguez if he leaves as a free agent or further bolster the Mariners' lineup should Rodriguez re-sign.
A nation of poets, romantics and opera lovers was seduced by Hitler's demonic powers.
The semifinalists are determined by pool play, with the top two teams in each pool going to the medal round.
Nov. 5 to Jan. 7 -- Seven-night cruises departing on Sunday from Houston, calling at Cancun, Cozumel and Roatan.
The small screens will simply be a technical and editing challenge, not an impediment, to the growth of wireless news, argues Mitchell Stephens, author of ''A History of News'' (Harcourt Brace, 1997).
Florida has no statute on dimples.
Users of Windows 95 or NT 4.0 with Internet Explorer 4.0 or later can find the Windows Update page on the Web (windowsupdate .microsoft.com).
He said he was gaining a grudging respect for the Mariners, but not for their fans.
He will keep talking as long as the players keep listening.
The Gators intercepted five passes and Grossman threw for a career-high 334 yards and 2 touchdowns as Florida (No.
It begins with gritty, needling chords and jittery rhythms, then segues into one of Mr. Harbison's jaunty 20's dance tunes.
MEYER SEEKING A BREAKTHROUGH: With the world record in the half-marathon and an impressive list of victories at 10,000 meters, Elana Meyer figured she would have the same kind of success when she moved up to the marathon.
Now in its third year, the festival is devoted to the kind of fare that may be found at the Academy Awards but not at the local multiplex.
Then our clients could move on and just get that much closer to finding the right person, get married and get on with their lives.''
But if the other actors flail a bit, the movie itself manages to keep its contradictory energies from exploding all over the place.
It turned out that a few weeks ago someone called and said it was me with a party of eight, and even though the restaurant was really booked, they spent an hour reconfiguring everything.
This has not been a situation where the consultant runs the campaign.
For darker stains, rub with mineral spirits followed with a light sanding with fine sandpaper.
INGE MORATH, ''Saul Steinberg Masquerade,'' Leica, 670 Broadway, near Houston Street, SoHo, (212) 777-3051 (through tomorrow).
He wanted to set up a similar banking scheme in the state.
He is arguably the Knicks' best clutch player, the powerful forward who becomes a 3-point marksman at the game's most critical moments.
Judge Parker ordered the government to turn over for his review thousands of pages of documents this week, including classified material compiled by the Energy Department on racial profiling tactics and State Department records on individuals who breached national security but were not prosecuted.
Ms. McCaw said she would do well, while respecting the paper's independence.
The program also includes four solos by Fenley.
''I'm now a Yankees fan,'' she said.
For all the sympathy there may be for Elian's father, Juan Miguel Gonzalez, there is also understanding of Elian's mother, Elizabet Brotons, who took the boy with her on her fatal boat trip to Florida.
Others, notably Jimmy Carter, revered their fathers' rectitude.
Mr. Lopez's longtime lawyer, Plato Cacheris, said that Mr. Lopez denied breaking any American laws but would not come to the United States to defend himself.
This mini-retrospective of nearly 20 paintings in diverse styles reveals how he has brightened and lightened his palette over the years, tempering his affection for the old masters with the here and now.
''The market has really discounted any kind of tightening from the Fed at this point,'' said David Gottlieb, governments trader at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities.
Still, bad news, day after day, eventually takes its toll.
Production of the enzymes, or transposases, that free the mobile DNA, or transposons, increases when organisms are under almost any kind of stress.
George W. Bush of Texas.
For 50 years this ugly chapter was buried, and then exhumed by a new generation.
One of the iRad's competitors is making all the same noises.
Hearst said that Timothy White, editor and publisher of The Examiner since January 1999, would immediately start ''an indefinite leave of absence,'' and that his duties would be assumed by George Irish, president of Hearst Newspapers.
To make five clubs doubled, against best defense, after the opening diamond lead, South had to take the risk of ruffing a diamond at the second trick with a high trump.
In the past, Maine Democrats have also received contributions from the pharmaceutical industry.
From his living room in Santa Monica, Calif., he worshiped Magic Johnson and cursed at the television every time Bird, the player, complained about a call.
Mr. Cardoso today endorsed the proposal, but noted that because of a new ''fiscal responsibility law'' that is part of the recovery program, granting the increase to government employees will require about $2 billion in spending cuts or additional taxes.
Displaying her only real Achilles' heel, Ms. Rowling starts the book with a sinister, tacked-on prologue hinting at the whereabouts of evil Lord Voldemort, who is the Darth Vader of this enterprise and is so wicked that others fearfully refer to him as ''You-Know-Who.''
The sail was still up, though the boat was listing heavily.
These are projections of a hallucinated architecture, the obsessively patient reconstruction of ruins.
Tables were artfully placed around the open candlelighted courtyard spread with bright rugs.
During the eight years of his presidency, Mr. Clinton has spent more time than any other president talking and negotiating with Israelis and Palestinians in search of a final peace agreement.
Mr. Brooks joined the group sessions, but refused to take the medication he had been prescribed, telling friends that the drugs made him tremble, gain weight and lose concentration.
Mr. Zetsche coordinated development for commercial vehicles in the early 80's and then held a succession of senior Mercedes-Benz posts in Brazil and Argentina.
Maybe that star will be Bell or Botha, or maybe someone a few years their junior.
Momentarily stunned, Mr. Gelfars soon realized that making people laugh was just as important as being able to juggle.
Nowhere in the Second Amendment will you find the words ''guns,'' ''rifles'' or ''pistols.''
Perhaps Tom Peters would conclude: Hey, that's O.K.
Senator Feingold said after the vote, ''There's no question that John McCain's campaign had a lot to do with what happened today.''
Dan Cameron, the museum's senior curator, chose the works to make the case that Pierre et Gilles, long favorites in the fashion and gay worlds, deserve more exposure and acceptance in the American art world.
It will keep the Fogdog Web site running but will eliminate most of Fogdog's marketing programs.
Duck Confit 2 ducks 2 to 4 cups additional poultry fat (chicken, goose or duck) for preserving the duck 1/3 cup kosher salt 4 shallots, minced 6 thyme sprigs 2 teaspoons white peppercorns, crushed 1 bay leaf, crumbled 6 juniper berries 1 head garlic, halved.
In what had become an increasingly hostile relationship between the university and college athletics' ruling body, Barkley, at least on this night, decided he had had enough.
They also bear witness to his strong but seldom realized ambitions for the ballet film.
Throughout his career in Congress, Mr. Lieberman has voted for proposals to overhaul the campaign finance system.
Cheap Internet cameras, or ''Webcams,'' are becoming ever more commonplace.
We will love and miss her always.
In the early 1980's she established the Barnett Newman Foundation, which holds his archive and library, has published several catalogs on aspects of his work and planned a catalog raisonne, by the art historian Yves-Alain Bois, for 2001.
If the words ''beverage,'' ''-ade,'' ''cocktail'' or ''drink'' are in the name of the product, it is not 100 percent juice.
Within seconds the streets erupted: ''One, two, three, four!
The reverse is true when he shorts a stock.
We used this to anticipate his answers or find contradictions between his past and present positions.
Another, sent to the northern reaches of New York, cited Mr. McCain's votes against aid to help people paying fuel costs.
Where Mr. Bryan came apart, though, according to Mr. Scopes Jr., was when he admitted that perhaps God didn't create the world in six days, that maybe that should be re-interpreted to mean a longer period of time.
At A/F Protein, Mr. Entis said that he and colleagues did not believe their AquAdvantage salmon could cause a Trojan gene effect.
Baylor has curtailed the entourage this season, perhaps another reason Sosa has soured on him.
Sitting with two methodfive employees at an impromptu meeting, he began talking about ''value chains'' and ''core competencies,'' he said.
But I could never devise a satisfactory plot.
One would be used to apportion seats in the House of Representatives among the states.
Of more than 1,000 loans that Hudson made in New Jersey in 1998, only 9 went to blacks, according to data that Citizen Action compiled from reports to federal regulators.
I was like, 'Why me?'
Mitchell Treated for Ulcer Pete Mitchell made a mistake last Monday by assuming he was past his physical problems.
In finding Mr. Clinton's words of praise for Mr. Lazio, the Republican Leadership Council turned to official announcements from the White House press office.
Donors like the Snows have been filling the shelves here for the past 50 years, allowing the group to distribute books to impoverished communities in the United States and abroad.
''It's the most accessible, friendly and engaging term.
The engine has been beefed up to handle the extra weight; after all, security experts say that one way to foil bad guys is to make a speedy getaway.
The Middle East peace talks have ended in failure.''
It was used in not much more than soup.
He then had to navigate a gantlet of news media.
You just have to know what you're doing.''
Tony's contribution to DIFFA will long be remembered.
McGwire later hit his major league-leading 21st home run.
In 1993 he defeated an incumbent to become the King County executive.
''LINE,'' Arena@Feed, 173A North Third Street, Williamsburg, Brooklyn, (718) 486-8992 or (718) 624-1307 (through June 25).
Services will be Sunday, 10 AM, at Riverside-Nassau North Chapels, Great Neck, NY.
It is inconsistent for them now to object to the very contest procedure they previously endorsed.
''But it would make a nice finishing touch if the D.O.T.
''At least now he's working on his game,'' Torre said, ''as opposed to trying to win a game.''
.4:07:33 11469 Callaghan, P, 43M .
''What the technology is doing is forcing us to rethink how we do our jobs,'' he said.
But the intense interest prompted the company to maintain Wildfire's anonymity.
He signed a law speeding the appeals process -- and, therefore, executions -- and resisted efforts to change Texas' much-criticized clemency process.
Here's what happened, instead: Williams, going up for an apparent layup, instead ricocheted the basketball off the background.
The people had been slashed to death or strangled during the last several weeks, the police said.
But the figures suggest different questions: What happens if China runs out of the people it needs to keep growing?
Printed in greenish ink on watercolor paper, his computerized images suggest the protoplasmic sprites beloved of Edwardian fantasists.
He received a bachelor's degree cum laude in Russian and East European studies from Yale University and a medical degree from Columbia University.
Volkswagen's goal is to increase Bentley sales tenfold, to about 10,000 cars a year.
''Broken boards, rusty nails sticking out,'' Mr. Croft, 34, recalled.
The first nine board members were elected last fall by three ''supporting organizations'' representing Internet service providers, domain-name registration companies and trademark and copyright holders concerned about protecting their brands and intellectual property in cyberspace.
Fill the center with the reserved end pieces.
THE WHO/JIMMY PAGE AND THE BLACK CROWES This four-night pairing at the Garden by a hoary oldies band and a group classically trained in the dynamics of late-60's rock suggests -- if not quite proves -- that classic rock isn't actually dead.
It is hard to imagine that the problem would have cured itself, and the jokes from Jay Leno and David Letterman would have disappeared if only John McCain had not been around.
On its face, the welcome appeared to endorse Mr. Arafat's rejection of the compromise urged by President Clinton, involving limited Israeli concessions to Palestinian autonomy in the eastern parts of the city as part of an overall peace settlement.
A motorist was killed on Wednesday as the suspect tried to steal a car, the police said.
The documents underpin a civil racketeering lawsuit filed by the federal government against the I.B.F., in which prosecutors successfully sought the appointment of a monitor to oversee the sanctioning organization's operations.
You rely on the old media because that's the mass market; that's how you reach everybody.
''Milosevic is the person all roads lead to, and it is realistic to expect that he will soon be answering some questions,'' Mr. Jovanovic said.
Of course, I want to be young again.
A far less risky course to reduce wealth for estate-tax purposes is to transfer to children nonprimary residence assets such as stocks and bonds.
A day after the state received $2.4 million from the National Football League to settle a failed deal to build a Hartford stadium for the New England Patriots, Gov.
Excavation started in 1996, as the original house was being demolished, and concluded in 1998, except for an area that will be examined when the developer, who has planned houses for the 4.17-acre site, removes the top soil.
On Friday, the Bush campaign allowed a reporter to listen in on some of the calls.
In the top of the seventh, Knoblauch earned some redemption, this time completing a routine throw on a ground ball with ease.
His protagonists are all lovers of some kind.
'' Who knows, maybe the Republican Convention can be fun.
The smell of oil fumes hangs in the close air.
Rabbi David Lincoln of the Park Avenue Synagogue, a Conservative congregation, offers this advice: ''Conservative Judaism is the answer -- a traditional service and plenty of parking.''
Visas were issued in Havana for four friends of Elian, and for a parent to accompany each child.
John C. Isabella, owner of Isabella Carting of the Bronx, said that even before Waste Management dropped many customers, he had been picking up some of its clients.
Her judgments have not been political, as often charged.
His house was dilapidated and leaked.
Born in New York City, Peter Beard lived in Islip as a boy and in his early teens in the 1950's.
In fact, the report released yesterday by the Brennan Center for Justice at the New York University School of Law said that since June 1, Gov.
Some of these drawings, especially ''Geometry of the Air of Santa Fe No.
Occasionally, a parent simply wants to be done with a difficult child.
He used his legs more, did not hesitate to shoot after receiving the pass and did not lean back when releasing.
NORTHERN COLORADO--Named Beth Gregory marketing and promotions assistant and Colin McDonough athletic media relations assistant.
As a result, Medicaid spending, the biggest part of the budget, would grow $1.3 billion, to $30.9 billion, a rise of 4.5 percent.
.4:37:44 18445 Kinders, P, 23M .
The thrust of some of those arguments, notably in a report from a Congressional commission led by Allan H. Meltzer of Carnegie Mellon University, was that both the I.M.F.
The Islanders twice flubbed attempts to clear the puck and McCleary scored on a pass from Turner Stevenson, who intercepted the second clearing attempt.
''We want students to learn a trade.''
We eat a lot of sandwichs jambon.
During a recent regional summit meeting in Brasilia, Mr. Lagos showed some discomfort with that position, and two weeks ago said his country favored slowing the pace of negotiations with Mercosur.
And Applied Materials fell $6.69, to $49.06.
His spokesmen were reporting that he was receiving daily intelligence briefings, and those briefings apparently gave Mr. Bush the confidence to issue a warning to potential terrorists that they should not even think of taking advantage of this moment of electoral indecisiveness.
Testing the ability to enforce national tax laws in cyberspace, the European Commission is planning to collect sales taxes on music and software delivered over the World Wide Web.
For directions call (212) 854-2370.
(Ages 5 to 9) A cheerful analysis of the character and career traits of those who have become president of the United States, illustrated with great style and wit.
And just as the one scene in ''A Hard Day's Night'' involving a tryst between Paul and a dancer was deleted (and lost), the Beatles' championship womanizing during the touring years is barely mentioned in ''Anthology.''
''They claim to be impartial but their principal scientist for the past several years has made a name going around and raising questions about the safety of biotechnology without any supporting scientific data,'' said Val Giddings, a top official at the Biotechnology Industry Organization.
Indeed, Mr. Walker in many ways typified the life of a certain tier of New York actor.
12 Florida got 11 points and 18 rebounds from Mike Miller in a wire-to-wire victory over No.
The report is one of three that Mr. Ray has completed since taking over the office from Kenneth W. Starr a year ago today.
Eric Davis barely raised his voice.
A helpless Sampras stood across the net and witnessed the unveiling of the sport's hot new act.
While critics argue that Iowans have too much clout, there is no disputing that many voters here have scrutinized the candidates up close because the White House hopefuls have stumped here tirelessly.
But her Western Division teammates fared better in beating the Eastern Division again, 73-61, in front of an announced sellout of 17,717 at America West Arena that included the N.B.A.
''We are creatures of habit, the 6,000 or so of us who are academy members,'' another studio executive said.
There have been a few instances of deaths of younger Americans from C.J.D., but tests of their brain tissue showed that they had sporadic forms of the disease, he said.
The boy who tells this story has learned the art of basket making and dreams of going into town.
The buy-and-hold strategy doesn't work.''
The agency quietly buys from dealers.
''I just misplayed them,'' Whiten said of the two drives in the ninth.
The precise steps in the decision-making process at Justice remain hidden behind a veil of official secrecy.
It's not like doing the Marilyn Monroe story where people are salaciously interested in every misstep she took.''
You got to be able to not just talk about things, but actually get the job done.''
Somebody has got to be aggressive.''
On those special evenings, diners who crowd into the place do not linger.
But the edge of witty teasing is never absent.
The family is about to be destroyed by the harsh provisions of the Immigration Act of 1996.
What can you do to atone?
The party should be able to exert some political power.
Two counselors on the trip, from the Brooklyn Children's Psychiatric Center, were watching when the boys, ages 15 and 17, went into the water at Croton Point Park, said Sgt.
Mrs. Clinton responded that ''I was little disappointed yesterday that my latest opponent has already started hurling insults instead of what we can do to improve the lives of New Yorkers.''
Judge Chin also met with the children in his chambers, and gently questioned Marie-Eline about what she remembered from Paris.
The presence of the artifacts had long been suspected by American Indian students but apparently came as a surprise to the current club members, many alumni and university officials.
A wave of Palestinian protests in the West Bank and Gaza Strip set off several days of unrest by Israeli Arabs this month.
The $1.54 billion in cash and equivalents on Seagate's balance sheet as of Dec. 31, means an additional $7.40 a share.
We worry about how our cars run, what kind of fuel we put in them, but what about our children?
Shares of Agilent Technologies Inc., the test and measurement company being spun off by the Hewlett-Packard Company, rose 39 percent today as it prepares to introduce technology to speed fiber optic networks.
Next up for the Giants' coach: weekend getaway consultant.
Similar troubles arise when counting revenues from television advertisements, which the comptroller has estimated at between $2.6 million and $3.5 million for each game.
And other stocks are well below their 1999 highs too.
Mother-in-law of Dr. Elaine Kirban and Stephen Stout-Kerr.
''About 40 to 50 percent of my clients request waterfront until they find out what it costs,'' said Robert Scribner, broker for the Prudential Long Island Realty office in Westhampton.
Mr. Gore's parents were both famously frugal and were not well off until after their son had grown and after the senator's political career had ended.
The former Mrs. Leslie Gould, of New York City, Naples, and Jacksonville, FL, died at home on February 1, 2000.
For Bertha Robinson, the wind went right out of her Independence Day celebration around noon yesterday, when the small ships with their billowing sails began slowly passing her apartment at 150th Street and Riverside Drive.
Corrupt dictators and their business partners can still legally deposit their loot in American financial institutions.
Charters set up his tape recorder, Ms.
In 1997, Max Capital and its partner Angelo, Gordon & Company, bought the 250,000-square-foot building at 1370 Broadway, at the southeast corner of 37th Street, from Nathan Aber.
Unofficially, this telephone tiff has exposed a dark current of national chauvinism and aggression -- just the sort of thing the new age of globalism is said to be rendering obsolete.
'' Then there was the time that members of the World Council of Whalers, a group dedicated to reviving global whaling, slunk into town to offer their support.
''It's the only tree left in Gansevoort Court.''
Terms of the Trade AOL: America Online.
''The old life map,'' she said, ''was that you retired at 65 and sat in a rocking chair and disengaged from life around you.
''There's an enormous amount of pressure because parents believe squash will grease the skids into college.''
''A second round gives Milosevic 10 more days to find a pretext to call off the election, falsify it or postpone it,'' said one opposition leader.
Amersham is the joint life science division of Nycomed Amersham and the Pharmacia Corporation.
In the aftermath, returns of items appear to be minimal.
The memorial will be next month.
While the recorded music industry has kicked off a legal war against Web-based music sharing, a study by Jupiter Communications concludes that Napster and similar sites actually spur CD sales.
When a reporter, noting that he is a multimillionaire, asked him, ''What do you think is a proper level of giving for someone who has millions of dollars, in terms of percentage?''
The Palestinians predict that 25 years from now their population will rise from just over 3 million, with 1.1 million in Gaza, to 7.4 million, with 3 million in Gaza.
Even as this was happening, the company ran into more trouble.
I'll give tours of the town to company officials.
Japan Rescues a Department Store Japan's Financial Reconstruction Commission, the agency charged with overseeing reform in the banking system, said the government would spend 97 billion yen, or $924 million, of taxpayer money to help rescue Sogo, a highly indebted department store.
He has also tried to install a more modern and politically open generation of news anchors.
mind games as the original ''Blair Witch Project.''
And many costs remain hidden within stacks of bureaucratic paperwork.
The Albertina, which has one of the world's greatest collections of works on paper, houses 65,000 drawings and watercolors and nearly a million prints, from Gothic to contemporary.
Weaving had been taught at Marymount in the 1930's as part of its extensive crafts program, but the looms had long ago been mothballed.
With at least 70 percent of Jews already voting Democratic, he said, there was little room for Democratic gains there.
The creative work of Ted Shawn, the founder of the Pillow, is trivialized by a segment in which a Lerman dancer playing Shawn conducts a cutesy rehearsal with potatoes as performers.
George W. Bush declared today that ''foster care ought to be a bridge to adoption'' and called for measures to promote adoption, including grants to states and an increase in the adoption tax credit.
Advancing issues there outnumbered declining ones by 1,727 to 1,156, while 137 stocks made new 52-week highs and 29 slumped to new lows.
''This team has always done a good job of answering the call,'' he said.
All of these shows benefit from what might be described as stunts or gimmicks.
If a county wants to claim to be the safest, it must be safe in all areas of crime, not just four or five categories, said Alfred Blumstein, a criminologist at Carnegie Melon University.
The second-lowest figure gripping the pipe onto which a flag had been tied when a chance encounter with an Associated Press photographer yielded an indelible image of victory was his father, John Henry Bradley, a Navy medical corpsman known as Doc who subsequently won the Navy Cross, a notch below the Medal of Honor.
''Organic is a useful marketing tool,'' said Kate Troll, the fisheries specialist at the Alaska Department of Commerce and Economic Development.
The emphasis these days is on complete sexual autonomy for women, in the absence (or even presence) of an available lover.
But Mr. Gore has strong support from elderly voters who prefer his proposals for Social Security and Medicare, the poll indicated.
But, he said, ''we have the ability to interrupt the cycle.''
A resident of Croton-on-Hudson, NY.
Both have been published in various collections.
Although the Bank of Japan has already reduced the short-term interest rate to zero, Western economists have pointed out that there are other things it can and should do: buy longer-term bonds, announce a positive target for inflation to encourage businesses to borrow.
There were fundamental Protestants in England and they would chant phrases with no meaning.
Last fall Dr. Carlo broke ranks with the industry, announcing that study results he had marshaled from around the world added up to one big question mark.
Canada, with about one-tenth the population of the United States, took in half as many refugees, 7,200, as the United States, which accepted 14,300.
In other cases, the tests have left prospective parents with difficult decisions that generations before never faced.
The last thing they needed was a clash among their own allies.
He is scheduled to spend two weeks with the Philharmonic in 2002.
This year, beach tiger beetles, tiny ivory insects with brown markings, were gathered on a stretch of private beach here and transported to Monomoy Island National Wildlife Refuge at the elbow of Cape Cod, where entomologists hope they have taken hold.
The rundown state of the Russian military is no surprise.
I was struggling against people I shouldn't have, just trying to get the ball back.
In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made in her name to White Plains Hospital Center, Cardiology Fund, Davis at East Post Road, White Plains, New York 10601.
Peter Hahne, a commentator on German television, suggested that Mr. Kohl was mistaken.
This raises the question of whether Joseph Smith himself, were he alive now, would last long in the present church.
Jodi Rebecca Rosen and Seth Lawrence Gorenstein were married last evening.
Last November, officials accused him of lying about inspecting the package, and took steps to fire him.
The whole country can learn a lesson from this.''
It is suddenly no longer possible to be unaware of the difference between ''at rest'' and ''in motion.''
''But finally the people who did it are going to have to take responsibility for it, and that's a positive step.''
Esther Houser, the state long-term care ombudsman in Oklahoma, said, ''We've been trying for at least 15 years'' to get the state Health Department to take a more aggressive approach to enforcement.
The approaches to care for older people are changing rapidly, so you want a policy flexible enough to cover services that are developed in the future.
Wenders was a director of photography and camera assistant before meeting and marrying her husband, Wim.
But the White House also sought Mr. Craig's services because of his well-tuned ear for Congressional politics and ability to pursue an aggressive legal strategy.
Mr. Erwitt endows art with slightly more sinister intentions.
.3:20:53 2064 Washington, D, 33M .
It is about the classic fear of being branded the outsider, and in this case, no one bothers to hide his feelings.
Peel the tangerines and place the peels in a small saucepan.
Carroll said, ''I'll forever be disappointed that we didn't win more.''
This agelessly chic red-haired pianist and singer seems to know every important popular song ever written and to be able to perform from memory in any key.
Mets General Manager Steve Phillips said yesterday that he spoke with Benitez's agent, Mike Powers, and that he shared Powers's belief that the matter would be settled ''positively and quickly.''
Five other players remained hospitalized last night, none with life-threatening injuries.
''Furthermore,'' Mr. Fine said, ''the proximity of the presidential election makes it highly unlikely that any change in policy would be instituted at the Oct. 3 F.O.M.C.
Indeed, she has been so successful -- and respected by both parties -- that she has risen to Senate majority whip and is among those whispered about as a future gubernatorial candidate.
Did someone think the world needed a camouflage-veneered rice cooker?
The American teenager was invented some time in the 1950's, a cultural byproduct of the baby boom, the rise of the suburbs and the explosive growth of television and the recording industry.
Perhaps this is not, after all, a machine, but a box of emptiness, a chunk of force-field that has been captured from the event-horizon of a black hole and returned to earth, where its power to warp time, space and gravity has been harnessed to serve consumer needs.
But in this case the stock plunge is telling us something: namely, that the economic strategy of Japan's government is falling apart.
Born in Denmark and raised in Darien, Conn., he received a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from Vanderbilt University.
''He's been completely concentrating on the match.
The pair sold for $30,650, above the $12,000 high estimate.
Recently, Mr. Levy proposed giving $1,500 in cash bonuses to every certified teacher who agreed to work over the summer, and round-trip airline tickets to anywhere in the United States to summer school teachers whose students met certain improvement goals.
Berry then tumbled backward into a table at courtside, knocking over chairs and getting his foot tangled in a telephone wire.
The study, which appears in the current issue of the journal Human Nature, shows how new technology subserves primal impulses -- specifically, the impulse to strut.
Fassel said the Giants' two Pro Bowlers, linebacker Jessie Armstead and defensive end Michael Strahan, would not participate in the scrimmage.
''And yet somehow every day it does.''
What holds them together, said Roberta L. Singer, an ethnomusicologist and one of the two directors of the South Bronx Latin Music Project, is their contribution to the creation of a New York sound.
Such a convergence may be the Platonic ideal of modern nationalism, but in reality Portugal is unique in Europe as a country whose boundaries haven't changed for several centuries, whose population is completely uniform in religion and whose political territory exactly coincides with language.
So many of our students have been complacent, materialistic and uninterested in politics.
Unlike the stock price, earnings have grown over time.
Defenders of the Confederate battle flag like to characterize it as a cherished symbol of a benevolent and oh-so-civilized Southern past, rather than a banner representing the twin abominations of slavery and race hatred.
Jeffrey's friend, Steven Heyden, said, ''I've seen a lot of changes, none for the better.''
The building was fully leased in seven months, according to the Gotham Organization of Manhattan, the developer.
And it questioned whether the effort to replace officers with civilians could be accomplished in time.
We will miss her elegance, her humor, and her tenacity.
Tuyere arches on each side of the furnace give the structure a graceful look and these, plus the casting arch, the hearth, and the bottom of the bosh, give the furnace a Medieval rather than Colonial appearance.
Jack never complains, however, because Jack is a piece of software, a virtual reality representation of a person who can take on various forms -- like a bulky man or a pregnant woman -- then operate within various environments and sometimes in concert with other virtual humans.
Art featuring the human figure is easily in the ascendent now, so the second show from an American collection, ''The School of London and Their Friends: The Collection of Elaine and Melvin Merians,'' does not seem like a revelation.
.3:45:54 6034 Machado, S, 28F .
As for the Republican president who succeeded Mr. Reagan, well, that strikes a little too close to home, fueling potentially unhelpful chatter about dynasties and filial advantages.
''I doubt if you'll ever hear a positive reaction to a suspension.
''Ethnic cleansing'' in Eastern Europe and in Africa.
''I knew who it was and simply called her and asked for it back.
I figured with the kitchen I'd save on restaurant expenses, which would offset the added cost, and so I took it for my remaining three nights.
But the galleries' lobby walls are glass, so by turning on the lights the space can be made almost entirely visible even when closed.
Don't worry: this is a Disney film, and mass extinction would be far too downbeat, but the lemur's leafy paradise is destroyed, along with a great many lemurs.
Already Ms. Castagna has demanded a number of changes: everything from giving her suppliers scorecards to asking her store managers to work on Saturdays.
Ruptured membranes, brought on in various ways, cause 30 percent to 40 percent of all premature births in the United States, or 133,000 to 178,000 cases a year.
(+) 3 47 GIRL, INTERRUPTED, by Susanna Kaysen.
Now, the review board staff's report suggests that even the official Police Department statistics may have been inaccurate, and that far more stop-and-frisk encounters may have taken place in recent years and simply not been recorded.
''But I was intent on doing something else.''
This section of the book concludes with Putin's account of a conversation he had in the early 1990's with Henry Kissinger, who was in St. Petersburg to meet with Putin's boss, Anatoly Sobchak, the head of the city government (Putin had by then left the active service of the K.G.B.).
''I heard that if you want out, you have to either pray to Jesus or talk to Raymond Bozz,'' says one scared young fellow.
Mediators trying to end Burundi's seven-year civil war appeared unlikely today to work out a cease-fire before President Clinton's visit on Monday and were working for a less ambitious agreement.
In 1995, 18 Sri Lankans were found dead in a container truck in Hungary.
Eventually, even the raging rebel runs out of steam, goes along to get along.
In fact, he confided, he is working back channels to finance such housing with that very same multimillionaire who financed the poll.
She strolls about the dining room as she sings, accompanied by a violin and a keyboard.
''The first aim is send a message to Washington that Putin is ready to improve relations that have deteriorated over the past several years.
Transfer artichokes to a platter.
There was also the prospect of continuity in the economy with the head of the central bank, Guillermo Ortiz, slated to stay.
Asked if he agreed with Jagr's remarks, Coach Ivan Hlinka hesitated but said that he did, then added that he would not like it if his players ''didn't show any emotion after a game like that.
I looked down on the city from several angles, and at the garden with its huge spiral of flowers.
Yesterday, SFX also acquired Black Canyon Productions, the renowned sports documentary producer, which has won three Peabody Awards and three Sports Emmy Awards.
.3:01:05 675 Nakagawa, S, 50M .
Like the Mets, the Giants have power throughout their order.
The discovery came a month after Swiss investigators said they found $48 million in bank accounts linked to Vladimiro Montesinos in what legal experts said was the strongest evidence yet that Mr. Montesinos, who is a fugitive in Peru, was involved in corruption.
In lieu of flowers, contributions may be sent to the Ames-Wollan Scholarship Fund at Harvard College.
On other issues, however, the Clinton-Gore administration has been an industry ally.
Venture capitalists say there are tens of billions of dollars in their coffers they still need to invest, even though they have been investing money within 18 months of raising it, more than twice as fast as they used to.
PAGE C22 Obesity and Culture Obesity is spreading to virtually every group known to demography, but social and cultural factors also play a role.
In the past, students were taught to solve problems without necessarily understanding how they had arrived at their answers.
Alas for her, the statute of limitations had expired for all but one of her grievances: Central Illinois Light's failure to respond to her repeated requests for a private place to relieve herself at work.
So why is Mexico stuck where it is: poor, fearful, awash in baroque crimes and gargantuan bank scandals?''
The French troops were hurt when Albanians threw grenades at a group of Serbs gathered close to an Albanian area.
The Court dramatically accelerated the trial of this action, and consolidated it with the hearing on the government's motion for a preliminary injunction, in part because the final relief requested by the government in its complaint was essentially the same as the relief requested in its preliminary injunction motion.
For all I knew, the eBay listings could have been for the same items as the ones on Pawnbroker.com.
The Los Angeles Dodgers optioned Alex Cora to Albuquerque of the Pacific Coast League on Friday, paving the way for 35-year-old Kevin Elster to be the team's opening-day shortstop.
Amy Burton, Christine Brandes, Matthew Chellis, John Rath, Bernard Deletre, Philip Salmon, Michelle Yard and Katharine Goeldner are generally first-rate, and they are armed with music that manages to be flamboyantly original and rigorously well-mannered at the same time.
Above all the work does not share divorce between ideas and movement as evident in the rest of the program.
''Don't identify with the teacher, the work is the teacher.''
As a group, Sonoma cabernets tend to be overlooked -- an indignity, and it needs to go.
And in April, Microsoft's president, Steven A. Ballmer, announced a new companywide stock option program.
Additionally, he said, Libra pays taxes on all of its properties, which will amount to nearly $1 million in 2001.
He graduated from McGill University and received an M.B.A. from Harvard.
6 6 WE'LL MEET AGAIN, by Mary Higgins Clark.
''Companies may be uncomfortable writing long-term contracts with Xerox, given the uncertainty that still surrounds the company,'' warned Gibboney Huske, an analyst with Credit Suisse First Boston.
of Los Angeles, CA & Jane Ellen Turner of Freemont, CA; sister, Shirlee Gross of Maplewood, NJ.
When, after the war, Hung is mistaken for a boat person trying to flee Vietnam, the authorities send him to a squalid re-education camp from which he is eventually released -- but not before both his career and his spirit are broken.
He still needed to be a part of the reality.
Here, the Emerson String Quartet, a group going from strength to strength these days, plays quartets by Haydn (Op.
Fairweather shot superbly, recapturing for one day the form he showed when he won the world championship in 1991.
Indeed, traders said that the week's most anticipated event -- today's meeting of the Federal Reserve's Open Market Committee -- has already been taken into account by the stock market.
THE SETUP -- The women compete on four apparatus: vault, uneven bars, floor exercise and balance beam.
You'll hardly find a single chain franchise along the way.
has had the deal under review for months; the Federal Trade Commission and the European Union are also looking at it.
Devoted son of Elizabeth and Pat Pattullo, brother of Betsy, Ann, Greg and Ronald.
From the High Country ''I guess there's a new sheriff in town.''
Mr. Bush's advisers sought to cast their candidate's -- and their own -- response to the situation as calm and dignified, an effort that extended to visual details.
The summer festival is part of a broader effort by Lincoln Center over the last few years to expand its purview beyond the classics and to reach out to new audiences year round.
She belongs to the Long Island Professional Pet-Sitters' Association in Deer Park, a group of 32 independently owned pet-sitting businesses.
They sent the left-hander Ron Villone to Colorado last week for two minor league players to be named.
* That parental involvement increased.
With permission from Mr. Montoya and Mayor Webb's chief of staff, Chief Sanchez left Denver for Honolulu to attend a conference of police chiefs from the nation's 55 largest cities.
But the ruling was reversed in an Appellate Division ruling that was upheld by the New York State Court of Appeals.
EXTRA POINTS Apparently, 15 is not enough on the Jets' voluminous injury report.
They also offer a chance for warm hospitality and strolls on starry nights along secluded cane fields, where the light glows between the ill-fitted boards of the workers' houses as if, improbably, they were filled with gold.
Kristine Smith, a Health Department spokeswoman, confirmed that the state was investigating the incident but would not give further details.
The infections can range from relatively minor localized inflammations to life-threatening blood infections.
To be sure, a proposal designed to lower price is by no means a sufficient answer to the problem that millions of the elderly have no coverage for prescription drugs.
A year after Paul J. Silvester, the former Connecticut treasurer, pleaded guilty to taking bribes while in office, political insiders throughout the state are nervously waiting for the next shoe to drop in a case with the potential to tarnish both political parties.
Remember, Christians, Negros black as Cain, May be refin'd, and join th' angelic train.
She said she had never had a doubt.
Brown said today at American Airlines Arena before the Heat flew to New York for Game 6 on Friday night.
His firm, the Rockwell Group, worked with the architects Brennan Beer Gorman in renovating the former Guardian Life Building, a 1911 landmark, into the W. The hotel's mahogany and steel staircase is bordered by patches of wheat grass, above right, a nod to nearby Union Square Park.
Ivanov, a once-idealistic landowner married to a Jewish woman (possibly for money), strikes up an affair with a younger woman and drives his consumptive wife, who has been disowned by her parents, to death.
Yet he has always regarded San Antonio as home.
I like to have fun.
''There seemed to be concern about whether I would keep the job or not; they kept asking for records,'' Mr. Baker said.
This has driven up costs for most school districts, said Dr. Brodsky.
''What they mind is if you don't tell them at the time of purchase.''
She resided in California from 1952 until 1998 where she was an accomplished couturier.
[World Business, Section W.] Verizon Pulls Long-Distance Petition Verizon withdrew its application to offer long-distance communications services in Massachusetts, fearful that the petition would be rejected by federal regulators.
The plan would have been perfect had she not tried out for the United States team, and been cut.
The maitre d'hotel appears instantly asking if he can be of help.
Meanwhile, three former Trumbull High wrestlers received two years' probation on Monday and were ordered to perform 300 hours of community service for aiding in a teammate's violent hazing, which included hogtying and sodomizing him.
It is not uncommon for Hartford Stage and Theater Works to run plays concurrently, though overlapping openings are less usual.
It is when drivers are steering and pumping, getting into and out of the throttle and brake, that nobody knows where they are going, and avoiding the wreck becomes a matter of pure luck.
The store, he said, would sell its line of clothing, ''designed for young free-spirited adults,'' as well as housewares and gifts.
The book will be published next month, but birders and ornithologists who have seen it are already hailing it and its author, David Allen Sibley.
Best friend to so many in Chicago.
It would lurk in the background of a group, companionably strumming accompaniment, then make its move into the foreground as a solo instrument, as it did in bluegrass.
On Tuesday, December 26, 2000, Lu suddenly and untimely passed away.
For 15 minutes the threesome zoomed up and down the mild incline in the driveway, sitting, standing and lying belly-down on their identical blue skateboards.
''People in Costa Rica love Claudia,'' Rivas said.
Forgive us if we take that as a yes.
It also conceded that those in the circle may have changed their bidding patterns in recent weeks, lying low to avoid attracting attention once Mr. Walton's auction began making headlines May 9.
Both needs require more money than is now in the mayor's proposed budget, which provides $160 million for summer school instruction.
''The most vivid stuff I've had from him is when he expressed his vision of the future.''
''Deep down inside, I think that getting away from here was probably the best thing that happened to him, because he had a lot of scars over here,'' Hendricks said.
A1 Pessimism for a Congo Mission The head of the United Nations' peacekeeping department told the Security Council that prospects for sending a peacekeeping mission to Congo were not good.
''He loves both his parents dearly.''
The object of his career is to make a statement with his tennis, not with his camera-friendly good looks.
With works drawn from collections in 10 countries, ''Face to Face'' begins with the portraits van Gogh made of peasants and pensioners in the Netherlands; follows him to Paris, where he painted many intense self-portraits and celebratory examinations of friends like the art dealer Alexander Reid; and ends in Provence, where he made many penetrating portraits of the Roulin family and others.
All but two of the 27 tours planned for participants of the Republican National Convention in Philadelphia -- a trip to Pennsylvania Dutch country and to historic Philadelphia -- were canceled last weekend because so few people signed up.
But despite his long tenure as a congressman from California, Mr. Coelho was never able to become the public face of the campaign, largely because his role as leader of the United States exhibit at a 1998 world exposition in Portugal was the subject of a State Department investigation into suspicions of financial irregularities.
Dear grandfather of Melanie, Michael, Joy (Steven), Ira, Bryan (Nancy), Jill (Steven), Jeffrey and Barry.
When Jeter was asked if he might buy Denbo dinner, he said, ''I owe him a lot more than one dinner.''
Casey said he may start playing GHEORGHE MURESAN more because the 7-foot-7-inch center has shown progress during practices.
''They've set aside the kind of ground they can give away without giving away their key ground.''
''The creation of the Internet falls into a pattern.
The hall erupted in a prolonged ovation as jubilant delegates, many of them dancing, were awash in a sea of beach balls, confetti and balloons.
We bring our tools and follow the rules.
Michel Bon, France Telecom's chief executive, said the deal was ''perfectly in line with our ambition to become a leader in the convergence of fixed, mobile and Internet services in Europe.''
The candidates continue racking up frequent flier miles, wooing voters and hacking away at their opponents' credibility.
''It's going to happen, with me or somebody else,'' said Mr. Barnett, who has used weapons to detain several thousand illegal immigrants on his 22,000-acre ranch in the last two years.
Mr. Schrader was one of the immigrants who built the business.
They kept it real, and we respect that.''
Funeral will be held at St. Joseph's Church, Garden City, NY on Monday, June 26 at 10:00 AM.
But if his legs are not yet in top form, his confidence is.
St. John's will receive a needed boost to its front court in the next few weeks.
Robert G. Friedman, vice chairman of the Paramount Motion Picture group, said it was dangerous to take too narrow a look at the box office because of the differences between specific weekends, or even specific months, from one year to the next.
His walnut pudding steamed in sherry failed to deliver.
''My initial thought, that New Jersey is boring, is wrong,'' said one person.
had proposed in its old capital plan that 28 percent of its new buses would be natural gas or hybrid buses.
Abu Dis became home to the largest branch of Al-Quds University, to many ministries and to the new government building that everyone imagines to be the future Palestinian Parliament.
''You only need one or two satellites to protect three or four slots.
Disc jockeys latched on to it immediately; with two copies of the single, they could add instrumental passages to stretch the song to any length.
Selling products from one province to the next often required going through Beijing.
Terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
FIFA AWARDS FIFA, the sport's international governing body, handed out annual awards yesterday and two, yes, two men and two women were honored as players of the century.
With about 30 percent of the N.H.L.
The meeting will build on the positive outcome of the last round of talks in Berlin in November.
''Jargon is language in action,'' she writes.
Of course, the gift certificate companies are not being ignored by consumers simply because the December holidays have passed.
Last Thursday, when Catchings won the Associated Press player of the year award and UConn Coach Geno Auriemma was named the A.P.
He did the same with his offensive lines, leaving left wing Adam Graves centering his own line.
Taking another tack, the industry argued that encouraging managed care was a public policy legislated and regulated by Congress and the states.
This year, $10 million in city, state and federal money has been budgeted to fight the beetles.
''My passion for these things is deep in my heart, and it's deep in my soul,'' Mr. Bradley continued.
John Powell, the former Suffolk County Republican leader who was convicted in December of extortion and racketeering charges, was sentenced today to 27 months in federal prison.
''It's a pretty good chemistry,'' Mr. McCarthy said.
The stock had surged nearly 10 percent over the previous four trading days.
BROWN-Edith (nee Singer), February 20, 2000.
Rupp was already a star in the first and her willing acolyte in the second.
Many of them are right in step with our unbuttoned, slouchy, increasingly eroticized culture.
If you go back to the '88 race between Senator Mack and Lieutenant Governor MacKay, the issue there was the problems that had arisen with the mechanical voting machines.
It had been sitting there for two months, not long by Philadelphia standards.
The crisis threatened to spill into the Pacific Northwest when California, in a contrast to past years, was unable to send power north to help meet the demand for electric heat.
Despite the turmoil, analysts and shareholders give Mr. Levin credit for improving operations.
When Collins, again inebriated, called one of his teammates a racial slur after too much beer, that was it for him.
Guzman looked no less impressive in spring training this year, Johnson said.
''I don't know why everyone says that, Rodgers said.
Maybe all this is extraneous to a college championship game -- maybe all that matters is putting the ball in the basket and scoring more points.
''We're all so isolated in our small apartments,'' he explained.
The Serbian Parliament will be disbanded for new elections on Dec. 17, but there is bitter fighting over ministries in the temporary government that is supposed to rule until then.
''I hear stories about family meals that were disastrous,'' said Ms. Butler, the psychotherapist.
It was not clear whether prosecutors were ready to accuse him in the plot, a step that would provide a legal basis for bringing him to the United States for trial.
A body count is as solid a figure as exists, and no other number is as incontrovertible or as closely watched.
General Nash arrived last month with a mission to prevent the partition of the city and the northern Serb-dominated part of Kosovo.
If that happens, you're going to get a real asset allocation shift'' into fixed- income investments, he said.
Twice in the last three years -- in a presidential election that was won in 1997 by Mohammed Khatami, a reformist cleric, and in countrywide municipal elections last year -- the reformers took nearly 70 percent of the popular vote.
When Mr. Gibson, the novelist, imagined cyberspace, he called it a ''consensual hallucination.''
He led a spade, and when the nine appeared, he finessed the 10 hopefully.
But those who favor expansion seem unmoved.
''Job satisfaction and being challenged means as much to me as the money part of it -- just so as long as I feel rewarded.''
In a recent interview, Sony's chief executive, Nobuyuki Idei, took no small amount of glee in noting that at Comdex last week, Mr. Gates stopped by the Sony booth to examine some of the company's tablet computers.
With his customary display of dramatic bravura, Sir Alan is giving us twin comedies about a village fete and staging them simultaneously in each of the National's big, adjacent auditoriums.
A Yankees baseball cap was on it.
They were awarded a new oven and a trip to San Francisco for the competition.
People don't move to the suburbs to gloat about their wealth or to shed their ethnic and cultural identities, as they may have done decades ago.
Added G Grant Van Laar to the roster.
''I wasn't surprised to be on the lead,'' said Aly's Alley's rider, Robbie Davis, who held on for second place.
''The Great Atlantic and Pacific Tea Company: 140 Years of Service to America, 1859 to 1999,'' multimedia exhibition.
The actual topic of the segment was thinning ice near the North Pole.
The company agreed in October to pay $3.75 billion to settle those claims, but many analysts say that might not be enough.
On Tuesday, Nascar punished the Penske-Kranefuss team for using illegal fuel in a race April 16 in Talladega, Ala. Sospenzo was suspended until June 6 and will miss three Winston Cup races; Mayfield was stripped of 151 points in the standing; and Michael Kranefuss, who operates the team co-owned by Roger Penske, was fined $50,000.
All tickets to the concert, which are free, have been distributed, but a waiting line for last-minute tickets will form one hour before the performance (Kozinn).
At the Casinos All tickets are available through Ticketmaster, (800) 736-1420.
In addition to three figurative painters -- Nancy, Patrick Webb and Anne Schaumburger (her mosaic bears appear on the walls of the BMT Fifth Avenue subway station) -- there was one abstract painter, Nancy Olivier; one artist with possible conceptual leanings, Joseph Karoly; a choreographer, Brian Kloppenberg; and myself, the soul of reason.
Gerald L. Shargel, a leading Manhattan defense lawyer, said that he had once requested a mistrial because his co-counsel repeatedly asked questions that allowed prosecutors to raise issues damaging to the defense.
Of West Orange, NJ, and Palm Beach, FL.
The deal will make the company the most prominent bookseller on the Yahoo site, replacing Amazon.com, which did not renew its three-year agreement with Yahoo.
Moreover, the Florida Legislature's own decision to employ a unitary code for all elections indicates that it intended the Florida Supreme Court to play the same role in presidential elections that it has historically played in resolving electoral disputes.
LITTLE ITALY It Isn't Over Until the Fat Man Flings The second annual Little Italy Christmas Parade features 12 themed floats sponsored by local restaurants and merchants (like the one at right from last year's parade), three marching bands (including the Mother Cabrini Marching Band and the Red Mike Band) and Santa Claus, who will distribute candy and toys to children and cookies and cakes to everyone.
You can also shear them, but then you have to separate the fleece from the outer guard hairs, which can be anywhere from a couple of inches to six or more inches long, and then they can be susceptible to the cold.
Shaquille O'Neal's basketball prowess never has made itself visible at the free-throw line.
But James McGuire, the governor's counsel, said bootlegging would soar if fire-safe cigarettes did not win smokers over.
One of the few paintings with figures is a large, too-bright oil by Caspar Scheuren (1810-1887), ''Monks at the Italian Sea'' (1846), depicting men of the cloth on a balcony, looking out over a campanile at a stretch of blue sea illuminated by a startling pinkish-orange light.
Repeated efforts to contact Mr. Kennedy or Westminster Academy officials were unsuccessful tonight.
Ladislav Kohn scored a short-handed goal and Teemu Selanne beat Brodeur with a power-play blast from the face-off circle with 11 minutes left, but Anaheim made its charge way too late.
Though she has little of interest to offer about her early years, the author energetically comes to life when it is time to describe, say, her father's move to annul her parents' marriage at Barbara's behest.
Their aim was to provide kosher meat to Lubavitcher communities around the nation.
Heineken joins advertisers like Coca-Cola, Kellogg, McDonald's and Procter & Gamble.
The stylistic progression includes music by Vivaldi, Beethoven and Albeniz leading to a Brazilian Choros, the traditional American ''Old Joe Clark'' (for that one Ms. Balint trots out her fiddle), and true to the evening's title, two bluegrass tunes by Bill Munroe.
But today, as they watched and listened, they seemed numbly resigned to the outcome.
August 22, 1900-December 18, 1994.
Salomon Smith Barney and Bear, Stearns & Co. Celeritek Inc., Santa Clara, Calif., two million shares.
Ms. Stanton said Mr. Eichner's new building ''certainly could have been prettier.''
Fee, $8; $6 for members; $5 for students and the elderly.
The sauna, which may be the oldest one in the country still in use, was normally closed to nonmembers but had been opened to the public as that month's highlighted sauna.
''There are tons and tons of stuff in this building,'' said Dave Leinweber, information systems manager for E.M.P.
Canon Paul Oestreicher, former director of the International Ministry of Coventry Cathedral in Britain, has written: ''Bethge was to become the editor of all Bonhoeffer's works, his biographer and his interpreter.
The fringe on Willa Bronce's red silk shawl follows her lead as she twirls, stamps her feet and raises her arms to the flamenco rhythms of Reynaldo Rincon's guitar.
He went on to blame the declining fortunes of his party on Mr. Menem's personal ambitions and ego.
In using such lush, classical music, Mr. Munisteri, with all his humor, could easily be creating a campy dance, but that's not his intention.
But only recently have scientists considered using it for therapy.
Robinson, Allen and Cassell turned in strong games a day after Bucks coach George Karl publicly blistered them for a lack of effort and overall ineffective play.
Ukraine says it cannot afford to close Chernobyl, which provides 5 percent of all its electricity, without Western loans for decommissioning the plant.
The proposal, Westchester officials added, has broad bipartisan support, even with the November elections just a month away.
That unanimous 1954 Supreme Court decision became famous for the phrase, ''Separate educational facilities are inherently unequal.''
He said it was doubtful that American rescue vessels could be brought to the site of the stricken submarine in time, adding that the Russian crew members would probably be lost ''unless a miracle occurs.''
He shouldn't be playing around, because he has absolutely no chance, no matter what his virtues are.''
Some lobster and fishing groups fear that pesticides used in mosquito spraying for West Nile encephalitis were washed into the Sound and killed the pesticide-sensitive lobsters.
In addition to ''Ragtime,'' their Broadway collaborations include ''My Favorite Year'' and ''Once on This Island.''
Of the 100 episodes of rampage killings examined for this series by The New York Times, none better illustrates than the case of Lisa Duy just how difficult it can be to enforce a key provision of the nation's fundamental gun control law.
The landlord, who argued that the studios were a violation of his lease, had demanded that Mr. Tabakhman sign a new lease for the studio space at a higher rent.
Unless they are sex workers, the women are generally monogamous.
Others have capitulated to political pressure and complied -- as did Senator Robert G. Torricelli in 1996 and Gov.
According to a Gallup Poll of 1,026 adults conducted Dec. 2-4, 32 percent of the public think that news organizations ''get the facts straight'' and 65 percent do not.
He waited until the bus was ready to leave before squeezing up front to address the passengers.
In an interview, Mr. Cammarata said that it was too early to know if Mr. Levy would leave a legacy but praised his performance so far.
On Dec. 23, the board voted 4 to 3 not to renew his contract on the grounds that he had lost his focus and become ambivalent about his job.
The shift in the legal culture is perhaps best represented by the career of Michael McConnell, one of the most influential advocates of equal treatment for religion.
People are people, and this is a people-to-people thing.''
Beloved son of Clement Denny Sargent and Anne Sargent.
Brazil's principal exports to Canada include concentrated and frozen fruit juices, steel products, iron ore, textiles and footwear.
Isaac Stern, the violinist and president of Carnegie Hall, has postponed several workshops and concert appearances in Europe to undergo surgery to replace a heart valve, his manager said yesterday.
''You can't go into battle like that,'' the adviser said, referring to the campaign and Mrs. Clinton, ''if you don't want to rip their guts out.''
I will be (huff) humble (puff) as I claim my rightful place as Master of the Globe.
Last week's trip to Atlanta resulted in two losses in three games.
In Mr. Bush's best precincts, Mr. Buchanan received less than half of the votes that he received in Mr. Gore's best precincts.
Instead of avoiding the black actor issue, Ms. Uggams brings it up, having written many newspaper articles about limited opportunities, especially for black women.
(The New York Times Company will begin Webcasting its earnings conference call when fourth-quarter results are released, probably in February, according to Catherine Mathis, a Times spokeswoman.
For Mrs. Sabbag, though, the film is also a reminder that she has become something of an outsider in her own country.
The company plans a sale of the semiconductor unit, M/A Com wireless, soon.
While attending a baseball game (it was live and so was I) Saturday night, I could see Marion Jones and Maurice Greene win their 100-meter sprints on TV monitors in the press area, a half-day or more before they would be seen doing the exact same things on NBC.
Slow, strange, uncategorizable, it was first shown in Avignon last summer, and a reworked version will take the stage at the Suresnes Cites Danse festival in a suburb 10 miles west of Paris, from Jan. 14 through Feb. 1.
Mr. Brown would not discuss details of the statements made by the suspects, but said, ''We're trying to get to the bottom of exactly what transpired in that basement'' at the restaurant.
''We want people feeling they are part of the effort.
No genetically altered food has been shown to have harmed people, but opponents say that not enough research has been done to prove that it is safe.
The whistle-blower suit, filed by a former Columbia employee, contends that KPMG, then known as KPMG Peat Marwick, played a prime role in that effort by assisting some Florida hospitals owned by Columbia in setting up secret reserves, which were maintained in case government auditors discovered the deception and demanded money back.
Why not stash some of that sutff back in the garage and rent the more bulky items down at the shore?
The Mets aren't playing at Shea.
On the forums, Conde Nast executives are the targets of salacious morsels.
''Would there be AK-47's out in the streets if the National Rifle Association wasn't cozy with Congress?''
It is now owned by the Bnai Zion Foundation, which raises funds for hospital, library and other building projects in Israel.
Still one feels (perhaps intuits) a number of underlying pulses in this musical personality.
But Dr. Collins seemed much less sanguine about manipulating the aging process to extend the human life span, calling that far less certain to happen over the next 40 to 50 years, though it could.
The tour, which is featured on the author's Web site, www.chopra.com, also promises the possibility that participants will meet the Dalai Lama (''subject to his holiness's schedule'').
That meant each will compete in only one individual race in Sydney, and also that Ato Boldon of Trinidad and Tobago, who trains with Greene, is now the favorite in the 200.
Even Mr. Safire says he enjoys watching Porky Pig cartoons.
The mysterious illness progresses relentlessly, and Chalmers is soon fired.
rookie is not always easy.
Turning apples into applesauce or tomatoes into tomato paste reduces levels significantly.
The difference is the Minnesota offense, which usually scores points in bunches and creates pressure for offenses trying to match it.
Local businesses have also contributed to the recent redesign of the Web site dallassymphony.com.
The other building on the site was a small store, used most recently as a card shop and not architecturally significant.
But then, Manrico is a role that needs everything.
Way had hoped to convince the Giants that in time his knee would have been strong enough to resume playing, but team officials have indicated the consensus is that Way's knee is not sound.
''I know I would hate to play on it.''
Her deeds of kindness were legendary and she leaves a deep void.
Mr. Estrada is also accused, both because of his policies and lack of policies, of aggravating a Muslim insurgency that has flared during his tenure in the southern Philippines.
He went around the net from right to left and beat Joseph with a backhander.
Then he brought his new bride back to Alabama, where home was a 10-foot wide ''Expando model'' trailer.
Pierre Falardeau, a Montreal director known for his politically charged work, makes no secret of his allegiance.
Campaign financing is the sidebar.
It would be nice to see him earn $100,000 a year cleaning houses.
Lawrence Sicular, director of appraisal and consulting at Brown Harris Stevens, a major Manhattan real estate brokerage firm, concurred: ''The change in mix sounds like a very plausible explanation.
Several recent bias-related incidents, including distributing racial jokes and waving the flag in hallways, have changed the flag from decoration to a symbol of prejudice, Mr. Merluzzi said.
tax, which would raise gasoline prices on people,'' Mr. Bush said.
Fee: $25 in advance; $30 on Sunday.
Tommy Hilfiger has traded in his house on Cape Cod for a little grass shack, turning his display area into a nylon rain forest of swaying palms and hibiscus flowers.
IT is true that Armanda Squadrilli bought the studio apartment next to her one-bedroom on Bleecker Street in the Village last June just so her two dogs would have their own room.
Whether he wins 23 majors, or whatever, we'll see.
Condoleezza Rice, Mr. Bush's campaign adviser on foreign policy, won applause at the Republican Convention when she said: ''America's armed forces are not a global police force.
We're not spending anymore than is projected by the experts.
Yesterday was a day for mopping up spills large and small, as 1.1 million New York City schoolchildren began classes, from prekindergarten to high school, after the summer.
China offers lots of money and profit.
Although it has its share of new skyscrapers, it has been overtaken by Atlanta and Nashville and Charlotte, the economic capitals of the New South.
At the foundation's offices in the Presidio, a 22-pound tungsten pendulum bob lay on a table -- the ultimate geek paperweight.
In 1991, guerrillas from both Eritrea and Ethiopia defeated the emperor's successor, Mengistu Haile Mariam, and two years later Eritrea peacefully became a new nation.
Elsewhere, tempers were heating up.
Even at half the size, it would take $12 million of paper, Mr. Morton estimated.
The big piece tonight is Schumann's mighty Piano Quintet, with Pedja Muzijevic as pianist.
And while presenting itself as a scientific document, it also boasts of being built on ''a national discourse'' with ''farmers, ranchers, engineers, scientists, business people, local government officials'' expressing a ''unique level of stakeholder involvement'' -- in other words, nonscientists who might have lobbying reasons for wanting to influence the report.
''And then of course, if you're the customer, it means your order isn't getting filled."
''It alters you and doesn't allow you to be aggressive and confident and focus mentally on getting the hitter out because you're thinking about your hip, your butt, your shoulder,'' he said.
These assemblages blurred the boundary between rarefied art and everyday objects.
Now St. Augustine's College in Raleigh, N.C., has announced that Bessie, a dentist, (on the right on the photograph) who died at age 104 in 1995, and Sadie, a teacher, who died at age 109 last year, left $1 million to the college for scholarships and other programs.
A Colorblindness Test There was little chance that the Burches and Pughs would miss the wedding of Dorothea Lemon and Curtis Lockridge last June.
'' said Paul Moreton, marketing manager for the New York Madame Tussaud's, owned by the Tussaud's Group in London.
Lafayette and Willow Streets, Trenton.
veteran, also played with Sacramento, Detroit, Houston, Vancouver, Cleveland, the Los Angeles Clippers and Utah.
Such skepticism appears to be reinforced by recent discoveries in science.
Each ceviche comes with slices of yam and yuca as well as cancha, the crunchy roasted corn kernels that go brilliantly with the soft seafood.
But many analysts say that investors seem more concerned with Asia's longer-term global competitiveness, and to them the region does not appear to be getting in shape fast enough.
And talk about service -- aside from offering every pampering side point, servers give all women little footstools so they do not have to place their purses on the floor.
When he was little, his baby sitter's sister cut his hair, but only with his baby sitter and a friend standing on either side of him, one with a pacifier, the other with a bottle, ready to plug him lest he notice that the hair falling in front of his eyes was, indeed, his own.
Minimizing the risk, he said, the company's shares have been trading at earnings multiples more modest than the level of 50 or more common for technology companies.
Phillips remained busy on other fronts.
In Mr. Houghton's 1991 autobiography, ''Entrances and Exits,'' he marveled about his partner, ''His was a more consistent and dogged optimism than any I'd ever known.''
Lu's prose, at once eerie and meticulous, nicely captures the cool, abstracted voice of his narrator, who becomes increasingly seduced and manipulated by his own imagination.
For more than 25 years the Bedford Bellringers, an English handbell choir, has been performing Christmas concerts at the John Jay Homestead Historic Site in Katonah.
With summer drawing to a close here and the air already chilly, stems of fireweed, a purple flower, brushed gently today against the cement walls of Repair Factory No.
It's not that we're in danger of a strip mall.
He curses ''this world and the bloody sun and this country where everyone needs my horse.''
A $20,000 reward for information leading to the conviction of a suspect has been offered -- half from her family, and half from United Airlines.
So far this year, companies with losses have stock declines of 11 percent on average while companies with profits have stock gains of 10 percent on average.
There is, for example, extensive detail on his prostate condition, including the time he was trapped in an elevator with Al D'Amato and George Pataki and could only think: ''Dear God, I'm standing right behind the governor!
Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani also rejected criticism of the campaign.
What Pskov's mourning today suggested was that Russians, still adrift in their search for a national identity, have seized on this war as a unifying force, and wrapped themselves in its grief as in a comforting blanket.
''The first day in the studio, I knew we had Grammy potential,'' Mr. Carpentieri said, with a wistful smile.
She was one of the oldest Holocaust survivors in the world.
Oculus, a newsletter put out by the New York chapter of the American Institute of Architects, is not known for beating up on its members.
''It's pure harassment,'' he said.
(Ages 5 to 9) A PUP JUST FOR ME/ A BOY JUST FOR ME By Dorothea P. Seeber.
After first receiving the go-ahead from the Bush camp, Andrew Card, the co-chairman of the convention, invited Mr. McCain to speak during a meeting on June 20.
Once used only to help the deaf and hard of hearing, captions are increasingly ubiquitous, with advertisers and television networks recognizing their value.
Surviving family members: wife Enid (Zucker) Kudesh, daughter Michelle Kudesh, son Jeremy Kudesh.
Judith Krug, the director of the office for intellectual freedom at the American Library Association, said that psychological studies had shown that children were not so easily affected by sexual imagery.
''It's a lot of money,'' he sighed, an assessment I found incredibly refreshing.
''Much of our staff has worked with Keith in the past, so they tend to know his friends.''
Mr. Kitagawa and sister returned to Japan in the early 1950's, and in 1962, he started his career as a manager of young male talent.
Remember what you have accomplished, and remember that a lot of players go their whole careers without having a chance to celebrate.
The Yankees were pummeled last week by the Chicago White Sox at Yankee Stadium.
We are a lot deeper than that.
In the unusual January weather, the construction industry added 116,000 jobs, but in February it lost 26,000 jobs -- a huge downward shift.
Meanwhile, warnings from an analyst at Salomon Smith Barney about Intel sent its shares down $4.69, to $35.69.
The purported state-law ground was so novel, in our independent estimation, that ''petitioner could not fairly be deemed to have been apprised of its existence.''
As a hands-on administrator, Dr. Caputo said he enjoys meeting with students and listening to their concerns.
But while syrah in California may always be overshadowed by chardonnay, cabernet sauvignon and the other big boys, it has a chance to make a name for itself in Washington, where the wine industry is not as established.
Firearms, fishing and camping outside designated areas are not permitted; dogs are allowed only in parts of Aliso and Wood Canyons, and only when leashed.
BJORN BREAKS THROUGH: Thomas Bjorn of Denmark shot a five-under-par 67 yesterday to beat Bernhard Langer by three strokes for his first victory of the year at the BMW International Open in Munich.
These managed accounts, known in the industry as ''wraps,'' because the various fees are combined, reached $451.9 billion in assets at the end of March, up from $160.7 billion at the end of 1996, according to Cerulli Associates, a consulting firm.
Budget an extra day, fly economy, endure the relative discomfort of coach for a few hours, forgo a bit of pampering in the air, and save a couple of thousand dollars.
But both sides say the decision is unlikely to alter the dynamics of the workplace anytime soon.
Dr. Sidney M. Wolfe, director of Public Citizen's Health Research Group, said the group would ask the F.D.A.
But I can tell you if my goal in life was simply to be secretary of State, I would not have behaved the way I behaved over the last 20 years.
Another company that has signed a deal with Scour is Nettwerk Productions, an independent record label aiming to promote one of its up-and-coming artists, a musician named Brian Transeau who records as BT, on Scour.
The guns, the gear, the masks, the tear gas, were all necessary, Ms. Meissner said.
The vice president sarcastically accused Mr. Bush of having misplaced his priorities by using the surplus for tax cuts instead of improving services.
41 (the famous ''Jupiter'' Symphony), as well as Prokofiev's tonal tribute to Mozart, his ''Classical Symphony,'' and Haydn's Sinfonia Concertante, with Jung-Ho Pak, the music director, on the podium.
And the Corcoran-Elliman group says that its Web site will be ready by the end of 2000.
The announcement is Legato's second earnings restatement this year.
Many holes have island bunkers mid-fairway, forcing golfers to choose between the safer, longer way around or risking it all with a tight squeeze to shave off some distance.
The current role of the advisory group is somewhat nebulous, however, since Mr. Gore has never relied on outsiders for advice on foreign policy, and the new panel has not yet contributed much of substance to his campaign.
Another grass-roots project has already drawn participation from nearly 1,000 children in 139 countries.
Torre and Cashman advised Steinbrenner to keep Andy Pettitte last summer, and Pettitte pitched well in the last weeks of the season and the Yankees won the World Series, again.
Even if cold peace is the fate of Israelis and Palestinians for the coming generation, cooperation of this kind will be the tip of the iceberg.
Earlier attempts to create a single ice ring had failed, with the molecules' collapsing into a denser, cagelike structure that is not like real ice.
Phil Rubel, 42, president at the Tokyo office of D'Arcy, becomes president and representative director at Beacon.
''Pavarotti at the Garden'' is opera lite.
Mr. Eras remembers thinking, ''Wow, I'm interested.''
Orlando scored on each of Vancouver's 11 first-half turnovers.
It is hard to imagine the same decision being made today.
The court, whose decision to allow recounts to be included in the final tally had pleased Mr. Gore's camp earlier in the week, issued its unanimous ruling in just one paragraph.
Known for her outstanding abilities to entertain friends and family in her home, Ann decided while in New York City to turn her talents into a profession and became a well known caterer in New York City and Long Island's Hamptons.
But if it finds antitrust violations, the trade commission or the Justice Department would have to take AOL Time Warner to court.
Europeans are also increasingly wary of American demands to open their economies to American products.
Here is a selective listing by critics of The Times of new or noteworthy opera, classical music and dance events this weekend in the New York metropolitan region.
The indictments issued in the United States against the men accused of the 1998 bombings of two American embassies in Africa cite exhortations in 1992 by the spiritual advisers of Mr. bin Laden's Al Qaeda group.
They were joined by Polish troops, who set up a roadblock to stop an additional 300 Serbs from Jacinze, two miles away, who were trying to join the protest.
Robert F. Moran, 49 President, North American stores, Petsmart BOOK ''The Victors'' by Stephen E. Ambrose (1999) WHY ''There is no better study in leadership than looking at it through the eyes of the troops on the front line, which Ambrose does so well, and I firmly believe that successfully revitalizing a company like Petsmart is fundamentally an exercise in leadership.''
But I like that Bradley is somewhat of a maverick.''
It is forced and fake, laced with bitterness and irony, reinforced by the hospital gown and ID bracelet she wears.
The joke is itself a matchmaker; and the butt of the joke is the censorious suitor's demands for absolute perfection.
CONWAY-Thomas, on January 18th, 2000, age 74, of Sarasota, FL, formerly of NY, native of Virginia, County Cavan, Ireland.
It is a formula, nonetheless, that she continues to explore.
It makes sense for everyone.''
Several of the creative people in the other two productions are not so accepting of this bottom-line reality.
When he died in 1960, they were chagrined that he left the Dakota to a family trust that offered the building for sale.
Also yesterday, Leo Nakayama struck out 12 and hit a home run to lead the Japanese team, Musashi Fucho Tokyo, to a 10-0 victory over Sierra Maestra-Maracaibo of Venezuela.
The exact number of men released, and their identities, will not be made public until Tuesday, according to Lebanese officials who were summoned to Damascus today to take custody of the prisoners.
Who was that who sang that one line?'
There was no more to do, and two more months to do it.
He has said that Judaism is a ''gutter religion''; that Jews are ''bloodsuckers'' and ''wicked deceivers.''
They go out of the way to assure people they will not call for a revolution.''
The United States should see legal migrants in a different light, said Isela Arrendondo, 24, who works for the Chihuahua state convention bureau in Juarez.
Mr. Salonen's artistic leadership has not drawn across-the-board praise.
Violent clashes between Guinean soldiers and armed groups operating from across the country's southern borders left 77 people dead in the last three days, officials said.
Republican officials said they would keep insisting that Mr. Bush was the true winner, and that his lead would become clear as the overseas absentee votes were tallied today.
''They really started to discriminate against our smaller colleagues,'' John R. MacArthur Jr., the publisher of Harper's magazine, said.
''His letter reiterates the position he took at the A.F.L.-C.I.O.
Clarence Weatherspoon scored 24 points and Robert Traylor added a career-high 17 for Cleveland.
Over the last five years MTV, ESPN and the Discovery Channel have spent a total of $100 million, by his estimate, producing, promoting and airing his ''Eco-Challenge Expedition Race.''
Renting Stars, Past and Present Desperate for a holiday gift?
The rating is the percentage of television households in the United States tuned to a program, and each point represents 1,008,000 homes.
The union threatening the walkout, Service Employees International Union Local 660, represents 47,000 county employees.
Dennis Kenyazuk, 21, and Pvt.
Jerry Gray, the Titans' secondary coach, says Dorsett is ready.
Mr. Combs has been trying to keep a lower-than-usual profile on the club scene since his indictment on weapons charges after a shooting in a nightclub on West 43rd Street in December.
The mixed, a bargain at $4.95, presents an interesting assortment of greens with tomatoes, red onion, julienned carrots and a beautifully balanced vinaigrette.
The Pacers led 16-11 after one period, courtesy of an 8-0 run with Carter on the bench with two fouls, but then stumbled to their fourth straight defeat -- Indiana's longest losing streak since January 1994.
Sosa could command a salary of about $18 million to $20 million per season, and may get another four-year extension beyond his current deal, which expires after the 2001 season.
While Mr. Lazio's priorities can be viewed through his voting record, Mrs. Clinton's are virtually impossible to assess in the boxing ring of the Senate race.
Every day my circle seems to get bigger.''
''They come out and just never give up.
A small but sharp rise in new infections with the virus that causes AIDS has been detected among gay men in San Francisco over the last three years, San Francisco health officials said yesterday.
''We think with a level playing field, more children will be helped,'' he said.
A memorial service will be held in mid-April.
With his teammates shooting well, Marbury tallied 8 assists in the first 12 minutes.
The interior of the Lafayette Avenue church is a huge oval space ringed by a gallery, but with very few columns or obstructions, and all pews are oriented toward the pulpit.
''But let's not kid anybody.
Firestone has said repeatedly that all of the tires that have not been recalled have failure rates that are no higher than those of other tires on the road.
The gift, announced this week by the City Parks Foundation and the Parks and Recreation Department, is an effort by Target to establish a presence in Manhattan, where it does not yet have stores.
Bid Made for Japanese Drugmaker Boehringer Ingelheim, a large German pharmaceuticals company, started a tender offer for shares of SS Pharmaceuticals, a Japanese drugmaker, in another sign of deregulation's ability to pry open the Japanese economy and breath new life into business.
A large black middle class helped lend stability to the city when others, potential rivals for Southern leadership, fell apart.
Satchel Paige once called Stearnes ''one of the greatest hitters .
Steve Stollman of Manhattan, a toilet gadfly, if you will, says the city would do better to give its money to restaurants and other businesses that agree to remove those nasty ''customers only'' signs and let passers-by use their restrooms.
If they had not, there was a good chance that the player with the heart length would have been squeezed in some fashion.
No problem with that here.
He also wants to require that TV sets sold after 2002 come with a chip capable of receiving digital signals, guaranteeing broadcasters and manufacturers a large audience.
Norman Matloff, a computer science professor at the University of California, contends that high-tech companies create artificial shortages by refusing to hire experienced programmers.
Indeed, interviews with business consultants, scholars and executives confirm that from venture capitalists to sales representatives and product distributors, the business-to-business supply chain is relationship-rich -- stubbornly so for entrepreneurs determined to connect buyers and sellers by electronics alone.
In the box seats, fans sit behind a short white trellis fence, a car length away from the court.
With one dive to go, Sautin led Xiong by just under 11 points, and Platas by just over 13 points.
Magi Bish said she was thinking about inviting some of Molly's friends over for cake and asking them to do a good deed or act extra-safely in Molly's name.
Mr. Bush said that this was a familiar replay of his campaign for governor in 1994, when the incumbent, Ann Richards, a Democrat, accused him of dodging debates.
.4:02:06 10182 Gillin, R, 30M .
But the Texas governor may still do damage with his charge that under the Democrats, the military has deteriorated -- an echo of the chimerical ''missile gap'' raised by John F. Kennedy in 1960.
In the pages of this book blacks seem at once utterly different from whites yet not at all differentiated from one another.
He has played with four teams that won the World Series.
''We certainly complicated the issue,'' he said.
But others said they felt that the exhibition paid appropriate homage to the pioneers of the genre, highlighting the links to jazz musicians like Cab Calloway, funk artists like George Clinton and spoken-word innovators like the Last Poets.
No evidence was given against Brooks, who became a witness for the prosecution and attempted to make a career as a live exhibit in museums and freak shows.
Mr. Eve, 67, a veteran of Buffalo politics, the deputy speaker of the State Assembly and the longest serving member of that legislative body, is now fully immersed in the fight of his political life.
Anthony Aloisio, the director of the town's Industrial Development Agency, said he knew little about the project.
*Russia will not join the European Union.
But not just any bourbon; a deluxe bourbon that ''has a little sweetness of its own, so you can cut back on the sugar,'' Truex deadpanned.
He died last month after suffering injuries in a December auto accident near his home in Dingmans Ferry, Pa.
You know I love you; otherwise I wouldn't scream at you.''
The idea was to determine the ethnicity and religion of everyone on the flight, to get from the airlines data on who had been subjected to extra screening and then to determine ''whether the selection criteria in fact have a disparate impact,'' according to a plan the department sent the Arab group.
The language of television seeps into almost every conversation about what will transpire in the First Union Center, where workers are affixing the stars-and-stripes motif to the stage and finishing the installation of 330 speakers, 650 lights and 6,600 miles of fiber-optic cable.
The company said sales in the first half of this year rose 118 percent from a year earlier, to a record 64.9 billion new Taiwan dollars ($2.1 billion).
''This is where he presided for so many years as our shepherd, and now he is being brought back to the sanctuary to go to his final place of rest,'' said Monsignor Berardi.
(Many photographs show happy children.)
They worked in close quarters, and then decided to share an apartment.
''He just laid down,'' the police official said.
But as the first man turned away, he heard, ''Hold it!''
Mr. Friedkin's survival, and his stubbornness, are probably the result of a childhood and early career that were marked by an intense hunger to succeed that has never diminished.
''David is a very clever actor.
He triggered their first three scoring spurts Sunday night in the first, second and fourth innings.
Burt was a past President of the Young Presidents Organization and benefactor of many causes giving generously and selflessly in these efforts, all with a never-ending smile and with a personal banner of ''Carpe Diem,'' he marched fearlessly through life.
The theater and the center are named for the chairman emeritus of Lincoln Center's board of directors.
Both campaigns once again followed up the ads with e-mail messages to reporters and supporters, quarreling over who went negative first and pointing out what they said were inaccuracies in the opponent's ads.
In addition to emphasizing his certitude about Mr. Graham's guilt, Mr. Holmes lists the 10 aggravated robberies to which Mr. Graham pleaded guilty.
In her quest to help Lena lead a ''normal'' life, for example, Ella enrolls her in a charm school, where Lena practices applying lipstick and walking with a book balanced on her head.
With only a few hundred votes separating our antagonists, and tens of thousands of Florida ballots muddled and mussed, disqualified and lost and fiddled with; with truth and spin irrevocably bleeding into each other in the dizzy, mind-bending 24-hour news maw; with charges of partisan favor, fraud, theft, hypocrisy and chad-eating flying; with tactical perorations over patriotism and dimples; with county-by-county punching over overpunching and underpunching; with a confusing cat's cradle of legal opinions -- Americans will never really buy the resolution of the 2000 election.
Producers keep back small quantities of older vintages in quarters euphemistically call libraries, partly to track their evolution and partly to have them to parcel out on special occasions.
''It's absolutely necessary,'' Mrs. Pena said in a telephonephone interview.
EMANUEL FROM IRVINE -- In my opinion, Michael Johnson will fold.
Company: Bruce Founded: 1998 Designers: Daphne Gutierrez, 29, Nicole Noselli, 29 From: North Bergen and Sparta, N.J.
McKay, returning from a two-game absence with a strained hip flexor, tested Vernon early.
*The profile of Fritz Pollard, a black player-coach in the National Football League in the 1920's, illuminated the life of a pioneer.
In fact, Mr. Mirabello had contrived the little collision, having seen her in line earlier.
It is no such thing in Julianne Boyd's unutterably moving, very funny and complete production at Barrington Stage in Sheffield, Mass.
Blanca (Maya Zapata) had gone into the hospital just to have her tonsils out.
The federal prosecutors who are overseeing the investigation have repeatedly said no evidence suggests that Mr. Pataki participated in or had knowledge of the various crimes alleged.
International Hockey League CHICAGO WOLVES--Acquired G Richard Shulmistra on loan from Florida of the NHL.
Mrs. Foxman has been offered jobs outside the classroom and declined.
(Reuters) JAPAN, RUSSIA: NO TREATY SOON -- President Vladimir V. Putin, in Tokyo for talks with Prime Minister Yoshiro Mori, rejected the latest Japanese call for sovereignty over four disputed islands, dimming hope for a peace treaty this year.
Even more surprising was a second Monet, ''Waterlily Pond'' (1917-19), which sold to an unidentified bidder for $6.8 million, more than $2 million less than its low $9 million estimate.
''I tried to prepare them too much.
Somewhere, lapping at the margins of Albanov's experience, is a great human drama; but it is not revealed in the material that has survived.
Sonnabend 536 West 22nd Street, Chelsea Through Dec. 20 Mel Bochner's new paintings give fresh immediacy to his enduring fascination with the tension between perceptual and conceptual experience.
Those develop into what resembles a small stack of pancakes, each of which is released and forms a jellyfish.
Fat trout can be pulled from the water without much trouble.
Neighborhood preservationists, who have argued that the wing was part of the original design, have pushed the commission to designate the entire complex.
Tom Wolzien, a stock analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein who is one of the few people to cover both companies, agreed.
When the price tops $200, you begin to pay for printing speed with little quality gain.
But time is short now because Octagon bought the meet from the International Management Group only a month and a half ago.
But the story of declining teacher quality is consistent across the country.
Lumia Theater, 179 Broadway, Long Branch.
''It's very intimidating to families.''
But Mr. Burton said the board, in a way, did what it set out to do.
Eighty-three percent of four-year colleges use the SAT in admission, a percentage that has remained stable for at least 10 years.
Beyond a cash award of $113 million, to be divided up among roughly 2,000 current and former employees and their lawyers, the settlement calls for a panel of outsiders to spend the next four years monitoring Coke's treatment of women and minorities.
Better catch it before it goes stale.
''I can't think of a single reputable economist who would speak in favor of that kind of regulation,'' Dr. Frank said.
''Maybe they have taken their kids on holiday.
It was Byrd's third straight strong start since being recalled from Class AAA Scranton on June 18.
How is he supposed to get it done -- and why?''
Mr. Zarb's report, expected before summer, could be the impetus for a variety of state actions, from granting Nassau permission to defer nearly $20 million in payments to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority to supporting new fees and taxes.
The best opener we sampled, clean, shiny black mussels in a bowl of light tomato broth, proved a plain but competent effort.
To start with, slow speeds, tiny screens and tortured methods of entering text can make surfing the Net on a cell phone about as satisfying an experience as reading a newspaper on a ticker tape would be.
He's like a big kid.''
He is known to be fiercely opposed to Angela Merkel, the progressive general secretary of the Christian Democrats and a favorite to succeeed Mr. Schauble.
Applied Materials said the new implanter, when combined with its existing products, completes a two-system method of ion implantation, a manufacturing process that enables electrical current to flow through silicon wafers.
Because of their sheer numbers, and an ability to live side by side with man, deer are taken for granted, or even reviled.
''I finished my acting career with a perfectly terrible TV show of 'Laura,' produced by David Susskind.
Quick wit, not deep thought, is this band's calling card.
We had all done our own electoral calculations.''
In 1911, the architect Henry Rutgers Marshall suggested a broad, gently curved boulevard linking the old Pennsylvania Station with Fifth Avenue and 42nd Street.
Some 17 months since scoring his disputed Stanley Cup-clinching no goal in Buffalo, Brett Hull was on the doorstep once again to score the critical goal as the Dallas Stars settled for a 2-2 tie against the Sabres last night in Buffalo.
North Fork also called on Dime to set a special meeting to allow shareholders to decide who should fill the seats.
But there may be little the Bush campaign can do to stop the crossovers.
F7 Camera Helps Blind Man 'See' A tiny camera wired to the brain has given a blind man a limited ability to perceive objects.
Next season cannot come soon enough for the rest of the Rangers, who play their final game Sunday at noon at Madison Square Garden against the Philadelphia Flyers.
''Viva Rudy,'' they chanted, as he stepped out of his city car.
''And the ratio of students to teachers is great,'' he added.
And, unlike Mr. Gore, Mr. Bush has a job to go back to.
In his two years at the helm of this urbane, understated establishment, J. P. Samuelson, who worked for David Bouley in New York, has developed a vivid style.
''It's going to be a long hard turnaround, if it occurs.''
''I usually have dinner meetings the two nights I am away from home to maximize the use of my time.''
When Hitler's satraps in Poland complained of having too many Jews, plans were made to deport them to Siberia, or Madagascar, or wherever they would starve, freeze or rot to death.
President Lincoln had to fire General McClellan to get the Army of the Potomac moving.
Vice-presidential choices were not made beforehand; the selection of the presidential nominee was seldom sure until the convention had run its course.
But while the restaurant has an ornate, lavish air of czarist Russia, the cabaret is more turn-of-the-century Austrian in flavor.
Instead the game supplies a more urban attitude, with warring gangs, a moody rock score and a wisecracking dispatcher who is fond of mild sexual innuendo.
For 1,000 Palestinian youngsters standing in neatly ordered platoons, cheering, the exercise seemed like ripping good stuff.
But obviously, I still thought we were going to win.''
Perhaps the perspective of a courtside season ticket-holder becomes a bit warped over the years, but Patrick Ewing's career is seen in a much different light from the ''cheap'' seats.
Children 12 and under must be accompanied by an adult.
St. John's secured the victory when the Kentucky freshman Cliff Hawkins, a little-used reserve, lost the ball while trying to get off a shot as the buzzer sounded.
LIED Lawyers for Carmine Agnello, left, the son-in-law of the former crime boss John Gotti, said yesterday that an agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation lied when he said that Mr. Agnello had threatened an informer during a meeting with Anthony Federici, a member of the Genovese crime family.
The league's next lowest E.R.A., belonging to Gil Heredia of Oakland, is 3.13.
''If the small towns in northeast Connecticut could share in the property tax gain from a development in the Killingly industrial park, then they wouldn't have to change their rural character.
The goal at E&G is to move up through the four employee phases: distributor, leader, assistant manager and owner.
The bride's stepmother, Fredda Harris, owns CrossHarris Fine Crafts in New York.
We send our love to his partner in life, Tony LaRocco.
''They don't let anything bother them.
The Community Service Society study found that the number of doctors in Morris Heights, for example, has fallen 45 percent since 1990.
Cherished grandmother of Hilary, Suzanne, Jeremiah, Daniel, Donna, Wanda, Lori, Donald, Danny, Kimberly and Mark.
We spend a lot of time doing things so the audience won't notice it.''
But buttons were popular campaign trinkets well before Eisenhower.
Delta Air Lines announced a similar but less subsidized program for its nearly 80,000 employees, charging them up to $12 a month.
First roast the duck, then braise it briefly.
Remember what you did to my Dad?''
Meridian VAT Reclaim, which set up shop in New York in 1990 and now has 30,000 clients, is the market leader in VAT refunding.
George W. Bush, who once appeared to have a lock on the state's 25 electoral votes.
Yes, I am, and I would work closely with the Russians to convince them to do the same.
Don't expect Fassel to be blitzing 10 men or throwing deep passes on every down in an attempt to score 75 points.
Efforts to refurbish the theater, a storied Harlem landmark that helped propel the careers of Billie Holiday, Ella Fitzgerald and Sarah Vaughan, have been slowed by internal squabbling, according to people with direct knowledge of the disputes.
State election officials have gone to great lengths to promote nontraditional voting, from setting up ''early voting'' booths to allowing voters to request absentee ballots online.
Mobile and residential phone businesses in Australia are next on the block for Cable and Wireless P.L.C.
A scandal also has an immediate effect on their premiums for liability insurance, a special concern for private companies.
The tribunal has no legal power to exact reparations for the survivors among these so-called comfort women.
But Scaasi's fingers are crossed for future commissions.
The partners at Baer Marks & Upham join us in offering our sincere condolences to his entire family.
.5:28:04 25974 Luck, J, 40M .
Reinforce the team message constantly: ''We are one -- we live or die together.''
According to Mr. Starr's report, Mrs. Currie facilitated the clandestine meetings between Mr. Clinton and Ms. Lewinsky and often helped her bypass the system intended to note all presidential visitors.
Tomas Torres, who for many years drove for the same company as his brother, First Class, in Washington Heights, gave up driving after his brother's death and rented his car to a friend.
''We shall not shrink from making any sacrifice to guard and protect every inch of our beloved motherland,'' Finance Minister Yashwant Sinha said in presenting the country's annual budget to Parliament.
''This can be a very tricky state when it comes to politics and voting,'' said David Brine, the communications director for the office of the secretary of state, which regulates state elections.
He's not just a seeker; he's a finder.''
With Netscape 6.0, the user can easily delete unwanted cookies and decide whether to accept new cookies from each site.
A meeting of minds will remain elusive so long as the Palestinian side offers cant but trains its young in the murder and abduction of its Israeli counterparts.
House Republicans said they expected to win approval for their proposal at meetings of the Ways and Means Committee and the Commerce Committee on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday.
On the Moctezuma, and back in England at Falmouth, Dudley talked too much, out of euphoria, nervousness, guileless honesty and a clear conscience with nothing to hide.
12, he hit a 5-iron tee shot that stopped 12 feet from the hole, and made that putt as well.
His audience finds succor in his warm, dramatic songs, which reflect his leftist politics and liberal Christian faith.
''It's just been these little stores that bookaholics and collectors and academics know about.
''Hey, man, this is what you all wanted,'' Alonzo Mourning said.
I asked him what he thought about her future.
Mr. Sharpton, who said last week that he cannot afford to pay the $65,000 he owes to a former Dutchess County assistant district attorney for defaming him in the hoax, still hasn't set the record straight.
So while community groups struggled over this ill-kempt plaza or that padlocked arcade, no one had a comprehensive inventory of privately owned public space: where it was, what it was, who owned it, how they had benefited, what amenities were required, how many are actually offered and whether the space was being kept truly public.
Ledee valiantly talked about ignoring the uncertainty, but he admitted last month that his sleep is often interrupted by dreams about doing better.
A good many of the laptops are being stolen at airports, sometimes by organized rings.
The instructions weren't too clear about attaching the ground wire.
He recommends a wait-and-see approach.
Christiane Noll, singer, in an evening of jazz, with David Budway, pianist.
She lives with her husband, Patrick, a Ugandan-born actor and performer, in a renovated chocolate factory in the Ironbound, which got its name from the rail lines that encircle it.
He is ebullient about the results.
We now have a comprehensive look at the people who occupied this area.
Tina Croll and James Cunningham are eloquent performers and choreographers who have witnessed several decades of downtown dance history in New York.
It was chic to have a career.
The current owners, the fashion designer Richard Tyler and his wife, Lisa Trafficante, bought it in 1995 for $3.5 million, according to their broker, Leslie Mason of Douglas Elliman.
Tomorrow at 8, Church of St. Vincent Ferrer, Lexington Avenue at 66th Street, (212) 717-9246.
In an interview, Mr. Koch said yesterday that he had a ''different personal feeling'' toward Mr. Giuliani since the mayor announced earlier this year that he had been given a diagnosis of prostate cancer.
Besides selecting the board, he used company money to buy art for corporate offices and his home, gave Fruit's money to his favorite charities, even controlled a portion of the pension fund investments, picking the stocks himself.
Services Wednesday, 9am at ''The Riverside'', 76 St and Amsterdam Ave.
''There is a substantial risk, if you want to look at it that way, that we will see substantial improvements in mortality among the old,'' said Chris Carroll, an economics professor at the Johns Hopkins University.
He had no offensive contributions but none were necessary.
He makes the proper reads, is a good runner and has cut down on his mistakes.
A six-part thriller set on death row at Cold Mountain Penitentiary.
Your annual Lives issue (Jan. 2) was fascinating.
Marsh & McLennan, whose business includes risk and insurance services, investment management and consulting, owns a 70 percent share in the building and occupies roughly that much space.
That is likely to change, regulators said, as a result of the State Farm investigation.
Although Mr. Wolfensohn is a former investment banker, he is proving hard to outflank on the left.
During the first days of the parliamentary session on Thursday and Friday, the Congress Party rallied the opposition in rowdy demonstrations against a new policy in the Hindu nationalist-governed state of Gujarat that Mrs. Gandhi decried as an attack on India's secular traditions.
''We have not always provided a continuous environment for them after Sunday school.
It was there at Giorgio Armani, and in the pop-sensational clothes of Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana, with their unabashed love of Madonna.
The result has been monetary policy that has helped nurture the longest expansion on record, the lowest unemployment in a generation, a resurgence in real wage growth, a flood of business investment that has allowed the United States to reclaim its position of economic pre-eminence and the rise of a stock market that until the last few months seemed rocket powered.
Volunteer groups have formed in dozens of communities, but many have little knowledge of what to do to repair gravestones and save fragile plants -- even how to find small family graveyards hidden by overgrowth.
But losses in 12 of their first 25 games since the All-Star Game and a surge by the Mariners - they have won 16 since the break, including a sweep of Tuesday's doubleheader - whittled Chicago's lead to .005 percentage points.
Three teams finished with 2-1 records, but Vancouver wound up the odd squad out under the tie-breaking format.
Dr. Wenger, a principal investigator in the Women's Health Initiative Study, said yesterday that her office had been inundated with calls from other doctors.
''but I don't think this is a good thing.''
Neither Randy McKay nor John Madden, who both scored four goals Saturday night in Pittsburgh to become the first twosome to do so in 78 years, scored tonight.
Though Ms. Johnson's asthma attacks stopped when she moved to New Rochelle at the age of 8, she never lost sight of her ambition.
THE land was too steep for lawns, and the designers rejected a covering of loosely laid stone.
The combination with Dresdner was supposed to solve that problem in two ways.
Deeply missed by wife Carol (Maskin); sister Betty; children Henry, Elinor, Mitchell; two grandchildren and three great grandchildren.
Rising to the top spot was bittersweet, Mr. Gutierrez said, because one of his first orders of business was to shutter some Kellogg factories and refocus its energies in a downsizing effort.
But HARVEY POLLACK, a longtime league statistical director who works for the Philadelphia 76ers, has credited Sprewell with at least seven technicals.
South Korea's president, Kim Dae Jung, presided over the groundbreaking ceremony in Imjingak, a village just south of the demilitarized zone that has separated the two Koreas since the 1945 division of the peninsula.
Today, Mr. Asahara's six children, four young women and two boys from 6 to 22, are social pariahs.
''People can find in the Internet a means of expression they never could otherwise,'' said Dr. Paul Ciborowski, a psychologist at Long Island University in Brookville, N.Y. Dr. Ciborowski said some of his patients had used the Internet for revenge.
Mr. Gore was endorsed by The St. Louis Post-Dispatch, which said he had long taken the lead ''on arms control, the environment and -- yes -- the development of the military computer system that was a precursor of the Internet.''
This simple act will ease the crowding that is making it increasingly difficult for students to get the instruction they are entitled to under state law.
On a day when the United States again called for a political settlement to the Chechen war, about 200 people gathered outside the Bolshoi Theater in downtown Moscow for a rare protest against the conflict.
Robinson shareholders will get $19 in 3M stock for each share, a 14 percent premium over Monday's closing price.
Directed by William Friedkin (R, 123 minutes).
''This is not about the space fight,'' Mr. Fern said.
He is relaxing in a cafe in Montpellier.
The NBC sitcom ''Will and Grace,'' about a gay man and a straight woman living together, is one of the most successful shows on television.
He was so developed in articulating his vision of the theater that it seemed to me that I had nothing to teach him.''
For now, at least, Palestinians, still engaged in nation-building, cannot seem to define themselves without denigrating Israelis; their textbooks have remained mostly unrevised, much of their media vitriolic in tone.
The story of the Norwegian-American prodigy who, as a champion in track (she won first place in five events in the 1932 Olympic trials), tennis and golf, became a genuine celebrity when such creatures were rare, is told with admiration and affection, but also with contemporary candor.
Or that a mother never takes the animals to the vet because she throws up at the smell.
For more than 20 years Al Gore has been a leader in protecting our environment.
''At least we're ahead of Guam.''
Ah, those were the days.
And in 1995, with the economy already in steep decline, the country suffered its worst floods of the century, devastating crops and unleashing a famine.
IN 1991, Tsunis Hotels, of which John Tsunis is a principal, built the first Holiday Inn Express franchise, in Stony Brook.
So he jumped at the chance to work with War Child.
I've worn a gorilla suit.
''I took it because I didn't want to throw away eight years of being in the Army,'' Sergeant Feyer said.
And yet we hear all the time that if you attack Saudi Arabia's human rights record, you are attacking Islam.''
In the movie, Mr. Clooney lip-syncs this song.
Even if Miami fails to get into the B.C.S.
The food, too, offers the sort of rustic, hearty flavors that are so easy to enjoy yet so hard to find, as if its kitchen were filled with loving Italian grandmothers.
Although Mr. Kropiwnicki described himself as a Catholic, he added, ''I'm still up in the air about my beliefs.''
The system of small-scale proprietorships was replaced by a system based on corporate capitalism, and the desire to rise came to mean rising within the diverse wage-laborer classes.
The shattered quality, with its serio-wacky disconnections, instilled a febrile expressiveness in ''Pangs of Love,'' a collection of short stories Louie wrote a decade ago.
Three years later, in 1998, Dr. Sorensen and his team isolated the sex pheromone in the urine of male lampreys.
In assessing the penalty, which covers performance in August, September and October 2000, the commission cited installation delays and broken delivery-date promises among other problems.
3 Princeton (11-2) in the second game.
This first novel explores the lives of two middle-aged sisters whose strained relationship changes after they befriend a mysterious 17-year-old girl. ''
''For large companies it isn't a problem, because they have offices and lawyers in all E.U.
It was not until dawn broke, more than seven hours after the storms began, that rescue workers could conduct any systematic search for the dead and injured.
''Bobby Kennedy's drumbeat of enforcement cases on the watershed has brought the issue much more attention than it would have gotten otherwise.''
The remaining 48,000 square feet in the building are used for offices and other support services.
''At least I got to see him.''
Gretag said it would pay between $20.5 million and $29 million in cash for the stake, depending on Sienna's results in the current fiscal year.
He was 22 when he boasted to Delores Spencer that he had been involved in the Palladium shooting.
Loving brother of Ann Palisi, Rose Fortunato and the late Jos.
Some studies have suggested that homosexuals are overrepresented among men with anorexia and bulimia who do seek treatment, perhaps because they are more willing to identify themselves as having an eating disorder or because gay male culture puts a premium on trimness and physical appearance.
Beloved husband of Eileen (nee Weber).
Nevertheless, Mr. Davis's films occasionally display flashes of visual dynamism and artistry not found elsewhere in this genre: a traveling shot of teenagers barreling down a California freeway in ''Seduction of the Innocent'' (1961) as they pop pills and swill 7Up; a lovingly composed shot of a police investigator, a receding ambulance and an overturned car at the end of ''What Made Sammy Speed?''
Ben Wallace, playing on a cracked bone spur in his right foot, grabbed 20 rebounds and Bo Outlaw blocked seven shots for the Magic.
One is the chance to take part in extracurricular activities that a kid is awful at; in high school I was pressed into service as a distance runner, despite a lack of any ability, and running ultimately became an important part of my life.
The traits that mark the stone walls in this area are their durability, the use of indigenous fieldstone and the way in which they are constructed, Ms. Allport said.
But Elizabet's door was padlocked over the weekend and on Monday as well, and Juan Miguel began to make inquiries.
Ever since the opening of a new global trade round flopped in Seattle last year, efforts to get new negotiations off the ground have been stymied.
State television RTR sent afternoon newscasts from one of the base boats, the Pyotr Veliki, and showed, for the first time, the striped yellow rescue vehicles plunging into choppy sea.
But in that year, it became affiliated with the National Trust for Historic Presevation, which provided a grant for a full time executive.
Unlike many of her peers, 20-year-old Stacey Kurtyka spends her time helping a young girl having difficulty dribbling a basketball finally master the technique.
''His chances are pretty good, but foil is the strongest weapon in the world,'' Litvan said.
Such battles come with the territory, and with the fickle clients who rule it, said the decorator Mario Buatta, who was devoted to Mrs. Parish.
On Monday, Jerica Rubin, 8, of Public School 90, and Nathaniel Steward, 10, of P.S.
Even Mr. Deutch's explanations for wanting to continue using the computers after stepping down as director -- that he had personal financial records on them -- constituted a violation of rules prohibiting personal use of government property.
It will occupy 40,000 square feet on the eighth floor, beginning in June, with 65 employees.
It must also be admitted that C.I.A.
Beloved husband of Marian for 41 years.
She is also sharing her fish with five other laboratories doing their own screenings, she said, and exploring possible large-scale collaboration with others eager to adopt her retroviral technology.
perfectly captures her heroine's longings.''
''I learned about passion and commitment from Jose,'' she recalls.
A biographical survey of the appeals court might suggest a friendly audience for the Bush campaign: 7 of its 12 members were appointed by Republican presidents, 4 by Mr. Bush's father.
How much disgrace was it to be listed: a lot, a little, not necessarily any?
There, all tourists must pay $20 to enter the grounds (the longer you visit the temples, the better the value -- a three-day pass is $40, a week's pass $60).
ACTS IN EBOLA OUTBREAK -- The World Health Organization has sent two epidemiologists and a laboratory specialist with a shipment of protective clothing for health care workers in the Gulu district of Uganda to help contain a deadly outbreak of ebola hemorrhagic fever.
Although crammed with action, little of it produces roller-coaster thrills of adventure and self-discovery.
''I had a really obnoxious early-morning workout, and it was getting too late, so my mom told me I had to go to bed,'' Maloney said.
MINNESOTA TWINS--Claimed 3B Casey Blake off waivers from the Toronto Blue Jays and assigned him to Salt Lake City of the Pacific Coast League.
His exploits lifted Toronto (11-10) to its fourth victory in its last five regular-season meetings with the Knicks.
By a vote of 3 to 2, the Federal Trade Commission chose to seek a preliminary injunction against the deal.
Open Monday through Friday, 9:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.; Saturday, 9:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sunday, 11 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
Madison, Wis., April 7, 2000
Sometimes the controversial issues are specific to a state.
Within the next two years, two new hotels, a skating rink and shops are to go up at the outdated base area.
These improvements include developing safer main engines and upgraded electronics for the space planes.
''It was a flophouse,'' said Sidney Turkeltaub, the congregation's president since 1953.
And some analysts said the euro-buying actions were losing their effectiveness with repetition.
Dr. Kay Scarpetta's investigation of a ship's cargo leads her into an international conspiracy.
Despite the kind of financial success that most New Jersey voters can barely fathom, Mr. Corzine's most effective tool as a campaigner was his warmth and humble demeanor.
Derek Bell and Edgardo Alfonzo led off with walks and Robin Ventura singled to right to load the bases.
Four years ago, facing the very real prospect that a hostile Republican Congress would put it out of business, the federal Legal Services Corporation agreed to accept a set of harsh restrictions on the sort of work that lawyers supported by the program could perform on behalf of their poor clients.
One had the sense this was a mob, very distant from the city around them.''
For now, Sidestep.com works only with Microsoft's Internet Explorer browser.
It is just human nature to have such hopes, Mr. Gibson said.
''My message is very direct: Put this pipeline somewhere else,'' Representative Lloyd Doggett, a Democrat who replaced Mr. Pickle, said this week at a meeting that drew 2,000 people.
The figures are expected to sell for $1.5 million each.
Her name appeared in the media guide and on the official roster sent to the National Collegiate Athletic Association.
FINANCIAL MARKETS -- Stock markets are open, bond markets are closed.
''Their best strategy is try to manage it.''
Mr. Levin's most immediate challenge is the debt.
He said the meeting had been held at Mr. Adams's request, but noted that Mr. Clinton spoke on Tuesday with Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain and last month with David Trimble, leader of the Ulster Unionists.
It was as if someone had put a hex on him.
In Jerusalem, right-wing protesters packed the pedestrianized city center, vowing support for the settlers and vehement opposition to Mr. Barak's proclaimed policy of military restraint.
''Our whole schedule is last minute,'' said Tad Devine, a strategist for Mr. Gore.
The cast of ''Big Brother'' continues to drive the show's producers batty.
EUROPE WALES: ASSEMBLY CHIEF QUITS -- Alun Michael, the first secretary of the Welsh Assembly, resigned moments before opposition parties in the new regional legislature in Cardiff voted no confidence in his leadership.
Coming a month after fires ripped through two Jersey City high-rises, the blaze on Wednesday night raised new questions about whether development is outstripping the ability of local governments to regulate it and favoring the needs of developers over residents.
SPURS 112, RAPTORS 95 Tim Duncan had 32 points, 17 rebounds and 7 assists and the San Antonio Spurs held Vince Carter to a dunk-free night in a 112-95 victory last night in San Antonio.
She then sank the putt.
The poundcake was a trifle dry; as with the Jenn-Air, the timing was a guesstimate.
''There will be some people who will probably lose their lives because they pass out at the top of stairs or are operating a car'' when they faint, warned Dr. Peter Kowey, one of the agency's scientific advisers.
will act responsibly once it receives USA Wrestling's nomination of Lindland.''
Brooklyn has the forsythia, Staten Island the pinkster azalea and Queens the tulip and the rose.
Sponsored by Big Onion Walking Tours.
Technological changes are inspiring esthetic changes, too.
It closed on Friday at $14.50.
She has signs and buttons around her office saying so, and she tells her patients that she works one day a week at a Planned Parenthood abortion clinic.
The new building, designed by Frank Freeman, went up at Pierrepont and Clinton Streets across from the Long Island Historical Society (now the Brooklyn Historical Society).
They scrawled graffiti and left trash, according to Bonnie Beebe, manager of the Tahquitz visitors center.
Academically competitive exam schools have had no more luck in adopting explicit racial and ethnic admissions goals.
''It makes it interesting, doesn't it?''
The increases are intended to raise borrowing costs and cool demand for big-ticket items like cars and homes.
That's politics, Lord, and unless you want to move over and give up the job of being God, which some of us think is our birthright, we will have to muddle along being satisfied with being the politicians you can create.
''I feel really gratified and vindicated,'' he said in an hourlong interview on Thursday, his first since Mr. Edwards was found guilty on 17 of 26 counts.
However, the article's reference to those who complete a quick course as ''certified management consultants'' raises an important issue.
''On the long run that he made, the play was really designed to go inside, and Stephen started to take it inside, then at the last second bounced it outside,'' Washington Coach Norv Turner said.
To entice the team, state officials offered to build a new stadium near downtown, on the banks of the Connecticut River.
(Baratta soon remedied this situation by creating new ones out of sheepskin.)
Florida (3-1) led for the first five minutes of the game, but Michigan State was in control for the rest of the game.
To feel this was their only choice.''
After the buildings were finished in the fall of 1998, records show, Mr. Trivisonno's office issued them certificates of occupancy.
I love what it says about body image.''
Palace Theater, Boardwalk and Park Place.
It might seem overly optimistic if not preposterous to assume that her life could be radically altered in the space of a single year.
The 77 combined points were a series record and the winning margin was one shy of the biggest, a 50-0 Oklahoma victory in 1908.
We're looking forward to having him out there tonight.
The book would have been considerably stronger had the author devoted more space to such comic masterpieces as ''Duck Soup'' and less space to the later, formulaic comedies; more space to the formative days in vaudeville and less space to the comic's declining years.
They are also considering whether to replace the news magazine's Friday night program with ''Unconventional Wisdom,'' a political program with Jeff Greenfield as its host.
The counters, in teams of two, look carefully at the ballots and make a decision on the voter's intent, and Democratic and Republican observers can challenge that decision.
''3 Strikes'' is directed by D. J. Pooh, a co-writer of the screenplay for the first ''Friday'' movie who clearly wants to cash in on the success of that film and its lesser sequel.
''It is just sad that this is surrounding him at this time.''
United Nations officials and diplomats are divided on the issue, with some saying planning wider social programs to be paid for by oil money should be Iraq's job, not theirs.
The negotiating session, which began at noon on Friday, was the first face-to-face meeting of the two sides since the strike began on April 28.
It was the first such elaborate black enterprise in the South, Mr. Jones said.
You do not cut or trade talented young players, unless it's for fantastic reasons.
Fire officials estimated that 100 people were displaced.
No criminal charges have been brought against Mr. Aich, F.B.I.
''I'm sure Trevor would love to take risks in the National's two main houses, but he'd get run out of town if he didn't balance the books.''
And in Germany it seems that art is free all over the country, except at the seat of Parliament.''
In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to St. Francis Development Fund, 100 Pt.
A1 New York City opens its schools today for a vast summer session serving more than one in four pupils, part of a reshaping of public education that presses students to meet ever-higher standards.
Tickets: $25 to $55 (Oestreich).
He generally plays his practice rounds early, teeing off not long after sunrise, getting his work done before the large galleries arrive.
The rookie defensive end, the Jets' first pick in their extraordinary draft class, barely has time to recover from another defensive drill in another exhausting practice before he is expected to work on special teams.
May the mourners be comforted in Zion and Jerusalem.
Rabbi Kenneth M. Chasen is to officiate at the Park Ridge (N.J.) Marriott Hotel.
I ran scared as hell for the first semester.
Some of the urge to leave is economic.
You will inspire people to do things that are incredible.''
''They found evidence of the original clay bottom, but we have used a rubber liner to preserve that,'' said Michele DiGirolamo, the director of communications for the garden.
Since this debate was held in a city where close to half the residents were born in another country, you do not really want to get into the question of what a New Yorker looks and sounds like.
Although she has no risk factors for heart disease, she said, her doctor urged her to take the therapy to protect her heart.
As Wolfson's public profile was steadily rising, his personal life was pretty much flat-lining until his girlfriend of three years, Terri McCullough, moved from Washington to join him last winter.
The S.& P. 500 fell 7.13 points, to 1,484.43.
He was also buoyed by the number of people he knows who have gone through similar ordeals.
He was the Chairman of the Board of Financial Federal Corporation, a major leasing and financial services company based in New York.
Three years ago, when the PRI lost its majority in the lower house of Congress, opposition politicians eagerly went looking for the legislative archives.
People had to run up the stairs,'' Mrs. Winters said, to use the bathroom there.
Davenport knew what she had to do.
It also brings Mr. Schrager into focus as one of the outstanding social scientists of our time.
When such tenants vacate an apartment, its rent is generally regulated by the rent stabilization laws.
Beginning tomorrow at the American Museum of the Moving Image, Chaney will be the subject of a monthlong 17-film retrospective that includes the New York premiere of the film historian Kevin Brownlow's documentary ''Lon Chaney: A Thousand Faces'' Five of the 16 Chaney films were directed by his frequent collaborator, Tod Browning.
Call (52-987) 26605 for reservations, or check www.dolphin discovery.com.
The shipping and handling costs on my orders ranged from $26.99 to $29.99, or the equivalent of a delicious meal at a Chinese restaurant if you ordered all the things you love, like crispy and spicy shrimp, cool sesame noodles, fragrant dumplings and.
When she asked me why, I replied, ''Because I'm gay.''
Tonight at 8; tickets are $25 to $45 (Ann Powers).
''They need to hear what women are saying.''
THAT, along with the state's strong economy, added Andrew J. Merin, senior director of the Financial Services Group at the East Rutherford office of Cushman & Wakefield, has helped absorb space, spur new construction and prod rents upward.
Perhaps, because they are missionaries and used to facing long odds, they have felt a tug of loyalty and affection for the Mets.
In the euphoria of the 1980's, huge amounts were borrowed against real estate or to finance corporate acquisitions -- always with the promise that office rents or still-rising real estate prices or cash flow from a ''restructured'' company would more than cover the debt payments.
More recently, he has embroiled his country in a war in the Democratic Republic of the Congo that benefits business and mining interests linked to him and his close associates.
Writing in the current issue of the magazine Skeptical Inquirer, Dr. Levi notes that a Web site by the Health on the Net Foundation, a nonprofit group in Geneva, http://www.hon.ch/HONcode/ HONcodecheck.html, provides a checklist of questions that can help people assess a site's credibility.
Instead of the promised character, courage and commitment, we have manipulative attack after manipulative attack.''
If the operations worked perfectly, few would complain.
A Coke spokesman said the company's board had four reasons for offering Mr. Ivester the retirement package that it did.
.3:32:47 3688 Heller, S, 41M .
The Board of Directors and Staff of Family Focus Adoption Services mourn the loss of our Board member and friend, and one of the founding Board members of our agency, Sara Glickman, who died yesterday.
''We're talking about when it's going to happen, not if.''
.4:36:35 18182 Wikstrom, S, 21F .
The company now owns about a million AOL shares, which it has also hedged.
Green did, by blowing past cornerback Otis Smith.
''Teachers will have to teach to the test,'' said Jane R. Hirschmann, chairwoman of a consortium of parents with students at the alternative schools.
Doris Diltz, a member of the Emmen legislative body, sees no problem with asking that foreigners be assimilated.
Gone but Not Forgotten Last December, when he was still employed by the Mets, Bobby Bonilla issued a warning.
The Trustees, Honorary Trustees and Advisory Board of the National Horse Sports Foundation are greatly saddened by the passing of Ina Kesseler.
The bad luck started on Jan. 17.
The print is a graceful illustration of several members of the bellflower (Campanula) family, as rendered by Dorothea Loudon, more commonly known simply as Mrs. Loudon, a prominent 19th-century English illustrator.
Miami's Bruce Bowen made a free throw, and then Rice connected from 21 feet out to make it 82-78 with 53 seconds on the clock.
And it was there one day when the editor, Ms. Leach, picked up an anonymous memo that had landed on her desk.
In a change that some labor experts said could increase the probability of a strike, Mr. Fishman has involved the rank and file far more in the negotiations than Mr. Bevona ever did.
Widely recognized as the leader of progressive philanthropy both in his years with the Stern Fund, The Ottinger Foundation and other individual funders and then into his non-retirement, he championed many of the social economic and philanthropic organizations that have worked to make this nation live up to its promise.
It's just not nearly enough,'' he said.
Eliza's father, Nigel, a kind of British Marty Stouffer (of ''Wild America'' fame), is the host of nature documentaries filmed by her American mother, Marianne.
''Barney's Musical Castle,'' through Sunday at Radio City Music Hall, 1260 Avenue of the Americas, at 50th Street.
Vancouver has also been talking with Orlando about shipping its No.
Dr. Lee faces life in prison if convicted at a trial set for November.
Another relatively new term of the clandestine arts is perception management.
But today, he was a little more patient.
But the crew stumbled out into the frigid street unhurt.
New York State estimates that immigrants with little or no schooling account for 12 percent of the students with limited English in the state.
As recently as the 1960's, the Philippines had one of Asia's most affluent economies.
Tim Everett, a clinical professor of law at the University of Connecticut's School of Law, added, ''What I think is different in the last couple years is some communities, especially inner-city communities, have made it known that they expect the authorities to check things out rather than assume there was no wrongdoing.''
His research on when the police can shoot at fleeing felons bolstered the landmark Supreme Court case Tennessee v. Garner; countless departments adopted the restrictions he suggested.
The car's signature piece is the instrument panel styled like a Breitling chronograph.
Yield: enough for 1 pound of pasta, about 4 servings.
In an interview published today in Yediot Ahronot, Israel's most widely circulated newspaper, Mr. Barak said he could not predict whether a peace pact could be reached with Yasir Arafat, the Palestinian leader.
''We know the station owners are aware of it,'' he said.
But even such negotiations with Russia hinge on the March vote to select a president there.
In 1995, it massacred 53 people in a shooting spree in a Christian-dominated village.
Fee: $8; $6 for members; $5 for students and the elderly.
''We fly a lot and the crate probably got banged around,'' said Bill McFadden, who handles Tristan for Marilu Hansen of Newton, N.J., and Arthur T. Brown of Lakeport, Calif.
They are corn sprouts, and they taste like sweet corn dew, if there is such a thing.
In lieu of flowers, contributions should be sent to The Professor Howard Rosen, M.D., Orthopaedic Institute, American Commmitee for Shaare Zedek Medical Center, 49 W. 45 St, NYC 10036, and The JCC on the Upper Westside ROSEN-Howard, M.D.
When the preschoolers are in a group, laughing, playing or just talking, they are startled when Rolando, just 3 1/2, turns angry and aggressive.
Hideki Irabu was hit hard by Boston in the playoffs, however, and before the World Series, Grimsley replaced Irabu on the roster, to be summoned in Game 3.
The deal will give BB&T an entry into Tennessee.
Toney, however, later said that the rule book is not specific about how many cautions lead to a warning.
Yet, for all the people returning from injuries -- Smith and Testaverde, as well as linebackers Bryan Cox and Chad Cascadden, offensive lineman Jason Fabini and third-down specialist Leon Johnson -- the prognosis is generally good.
Determined to repair the damage, she dashes out of the reception, commandeers a limousine, and frantically tries to locate a bakery on the car phone.
What's more important: that today's youth be able to call out ''John, Paul, George and Ringo,'' or that they listen to the music?
Ms. Pingree, a Democrat, sponsored Maine's new prescription drug-pricing law that permits the state to negotiate with drug makers for lower prices for the uninsured.
Minnesota talks that talk; it is beginning to show the attitude of a confident team.
Before he is placed in the crypt underneath the high altar, a final commendation will be spoken, most likely by one of the three cardinals who will preside over the funeral Mass.
So how does this help nervous bond investors?
He is a freshman from Calgary.
Children incorporated into their games stoops, cornices, manhole covers, curbs and fire escapes.
David Stockwell, a spokesman, said the matter is still under review.
''Because these new services tend to have bugs, you do not want to roll things out in places like New York, which has the most discerning customers in the world.''
''We believe our residence halls are safe.''
In New Jersey, the measure dedicates hundreds of millions of dollars a year in sales taxes and taxes on wholesale petroleum products to state transportation projects over four years.
So, a few weeks ago, the Transportation Department made plans to erect new signs and paint new stencils on October 20.
A value-added tax or similar system, with proper protection for lower income groups, may be more in line with the nature of our economy today and would do more to curb tax cheats than going back to the old days of expensive and abusive audits.
On the central issue of legality and trust, where Mr. Kohl has maintained that his ''word of honor'' prevents him from revealing the identities of donors to whom he guaranteed anonymity, there was no sign of any shift today.
Set a number of hours a week for parents to get children to some combination of early childhood programs, extracurricular activities, medical appointments and remedial classes, year in and year out, until the children are 18 or the parents start to work.
A gift can be made in memory of the Cardinal to Providence Health Services Foundation at 155 East 56th Street, New York, NY 10022.
Linear progression is the organizing principle behind Arthur Bogen's amusing ''School of Shovels,'' a collection of beach finds that the artist reinvented as a fish-like fellowship.
The reporters who were killed, Kurt Schork, 53, of the United States, and Miguel Gil of Spain, died when rebels ambushed government soldiers near Rogberi Junction, 54 miles from the capital, Freetown, according to David Wimhurst, a spokesman for the United Nations mission in Sierra Leone.
The pit, 10 feet deep and more than 30 feet wide, had been dug next to an ancient basilica.
Re: ''The Beast Lurking Under the Lawn'' [July 9], about leaking residential oil tanks.
Most thought that the electors would, in effect, merely nominate candidates, which is why they spent three days trying to figure out which branch of Congress should make the final decision.
With the exception of Rhoda, whose stubbornness and quirks of observation add up to a character who's convincing if not especially memorable, most of the figures in ''Nowhere Else on Earth'' come off as caricatures.
At the California Independent System Operator, William H. Simmons, the manager of market applications, development and support, said that some aspects of electricity trading existed years ago on electronic bulletin boards.
Stanley Litow, the vice president of corporate community relations and president of the I.B.M.
''He showed me a picture of a guy named John Santiago and a warrant for him listing my address.
The issue of Jerusalem in particular had never been discussed before by Palestinians and Israelis in face-to-face encounters.
The appeal to ''Celebrate humanity'' is illustrated through archival footage and photographs of triumphant Olympians like Jesse Owens, Mary Lou Retton, Greg Louganis and Wilma Rudolph.
''He was in charge when this was happening, and he was responsible for the landfill,'' Mr. O'Connor said.
The rapid clashing of bamboo poles symbolized roaring flames.
Any project of this kind seemed to echo the hypocritical postwar formula that millions of Germans used to prove their innocence: ''My best friend was a Jew.''
And unions are pressing for stronger worker protection in global trade pacts, an idea resisted by developing countries.
''Now it was going to be a matter of catching breaks and making pitches.
Well into the 19th century, executions were holidays in many countries, and schools were let out so that children could witness them.
Yesterday, several City Council members, while praising the mayor for joining 31 other local governments -- including Chicago, Detroit, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Boston and Philadelphia -- that have filed suits, asked why it had taken New York City so long.
And some vegetables, steamed, on the side, no sauce.
But Telefonica and Sonera refused to give up, and Deutsche Telekom exececutives capitulated after the total bidding had climbed from 30 billion euros ($27.1 billion) to 50.5 billion euros.
Yeah, and that sex sling thing.
The roiling globe provides a different prism to view not only the nominees, but their running mates.
Israelis and Palestinians alike reacted cautiously today to a declaration by the Palestinian leadership on Monday that a Palestinian state would be declared by mid-September, uncertain whether it was a promise, a threat or another deadline that could be massaged.
In fact, in the 1940's, when Trilling first became a prominent intellectual as an English professor at Columbia University, the most fashionable approach to literature was known as the New Criticism.
Dr. Wallace, the co-author of the new report, said that after treating Reiter's syndrome for more than 20 years at Cedars Sinai Hospital in Los Angeles, he first learned about Dr. Reiter's past in a book about Nazi medicine that a patient gave him two years ago.
Elian's father, Juan Miguel (Esai Morales, in a cardboard role), loves his son and believes in Castro's Cuba.
scrapped plans to introduce the Chevrolet Super Sport Roadster at the Paris show.
Often it is confused with epididymitis, an inflammation of the tubules that ferry sperm out of the testis, or orchitis, which is the generalized inflammation of the testes, usually from an infection.
In October 1997, 33 percent of respondents to a Times/CBS News poll said they considered themselves Democrats, and 30 percent called themselves Republicans.
Just miles from the border, it snapped.
''But the bottom line is that the ownership runs a business and they make business decisions.
When Dr. Amanda J. Gruber, a Massachusetts psychiatrist, meets with patients, the last thing she wants to do is discourage them from exercising.
Cherished uncle of Mason Weinrich and Elin Griespach, Lisa, David and Aaron Hill and Leigh Bennett.
The characters' faces reveal more about them than any words that come out of their mouths.
In his eyes, that could override their ability to contend for the Eastern Conference championship.
Mr. Rubinstein would not give specifics about the criteria for the colors, but said Leona Helmsley and Peter Malkin, who head the group that controls the building, make the decisions.
(In reality, so dependably and deplorably less glorious than fiction, Pollock's mistress wrote a book about their affair and the crash.)
The setting: a Chelsea coffee shop with brick walls and seven tables.
Both witnesses picked him out of a lineup.
The Raiders are a surprising 2-0 because of -- guess who?
A show of his work from the last five years is at the New Prospect Cafe in Park Slope.
More rain was predicted, and a Calcutta weather official, R. N. Goldar, said a high tide was expected on Thursday that could reach 21 feet and flood the whole city.
The renderings produced with a computer can be much easier for clients to understand.
They don't come for just the beach anymore.
The mantra served to demonstrate the obeisance to the top of the ticket that necessarily goes with the role of backup candidate.
For years, Mr. Aiken complained about problems at Diablo, near San Luis Obispo, Calif., where he had worked since before the plant was completed.
Charlottes -- somewhat smaller, slightly sweet oval potatoes -- are excellent in a tangy potato salad.
Indeed, long-term investors are very likely to pay back the ''bonus'' in higher fees -- and then some -- over the life of their investment.
Mr. Bush and Mr. Cheney may be sincere when they say they want to leave no child behind.
Everyone laughed, something that did not happen around Knoblauch.
But playing there is considered a good start.
Some scientists emphasize the genetic fraternity of humanity.
The company acknowledged that it reviewed bids made only in the last 30 days, which may not be long enough to discern shillers who spread out their false bids.
After all, the urge to acquire goods from distant lands has changed the course of scientific and intellectual history.
.3:37:02 4360 Scura, L, 34F .
.5:08:21 24106 Watson, D, 41M .
The half-hour program ended with a wine and cheese party in the apartment.
Turns out, though, that Mr. McVey wasn't alluding to an airplane model.
New federal legislation erased virtually all distinctions between same-sex and heterosexual unions.
.5:19:25 25266 Childs, G, 66M .
Examples are those involving the American Airlines jet that landed in a thunderstorm at Little Rock last June and ran off the end of the runway and the American Airlines jet that hit a mountain on its way to Cali, Colombia, in December 1994.
Mr. Blassingame was born in Covington, Ga., on March 23, 1940.
He withstood two stellar shots by right wing Pavel Bure, the National Hockey League's top goal-scorer last season with 58, in the first period.
Presented by the Manhattan Theater Club, Lynne Meadow, artistic director; Barry Grove, executive producer, in association with Musical Theater Works.
INSIDE TRACK: Just what people were asking for, for better or worse.
The index lost an additional 30 percent of its value in the first two weeks.
Tomorrow, the group will bring its high-decibel repertory to the United States, with a performance at 7 P.M. at the Brooklyn Academy of Music as part of the Bang on a Can marathon.
Seeing ''All I Wanna Do,'' I was reminded of those mixers when one's entire knowledge of the opposite sex is forged during the most awkward 10 minutes imaginable.
Prosecutors are investigating the death as a pledging incident for a fraternity banned from campus in the 1980's.
We don't have to be defensive.
In some cases, it was difficult to get precise information, as news accounts and even police reports varied.
By then he had quit making billfolds because they were not selling.
Each season the coaches warn against malicious behavior, the players said, but the admonishment is generally ignored.
Places to Visit The Museum of Westward Expansion, in the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial, is just off I-70, in St. Louis on the west side of the Mississippi.
Norberto A. Huertas, a commander in the major crimes department of the Hartford police.
's bonds mature in two years, reducing the risk of a rise in interest rates, and pay a coupon of 0.62 percent, or 21.5 basis points better than Japanese government bonds of similar maturities.
The Yankees won three of the four games and local bragging rights, at least for now.
used the truce to reorganize and has now launched a full-fledged offensive.
The committee must tread a fine line.
But even for those not religiously motivated, this year provides a good opportunity to see the city spruced up, with many public facilities renovated and transit systems attuned to tourists.
Through the fall -- the crickets live for only three months -- players search endlessly for the best, some making multiple trips to Shandong and constantly scouring the street markets for that special find.
Mr. Acton compared her book to ''What I Saw at the Revolution,'' by Peggy Noonan, a speechwriter for President Ronald Reagan.
Seton Hall hit 12 3-pointers, seeming to stop a Syracuse run with every one.
.4:50:32 21140 Kahan, R, 48F .
His first tournament as a pro will be the International next month in Castle Pines, Colo.
Adoring grandmother of Dan and Jaclyn.
She went on to become the mountain states regional director for the United States Commission on Civil Rights and then the state of New Mexico's secretary for natural resources.
Also on the agenda is a bill sponsored by Assemblyman Joel Weingarten to list sex offender details on a state Web site.
''Not all certifications are created equal,'' said Kevin Steele, vice president for health services and corporate accounts at 24 Hour Fitness, a national chain of health clubs.
Then how will she make up her mind?
But for the many -- even those who have long since wearied of baseball-is-the-cosmos metaphors -- there lingered the sense of having shared something fleeting yet memorable.
On the Patriots' sideline, Belichick's shoulders slumped.
Menendez (D) Yea Yea Nay Nay Nay New York 1.
''Some people paid for their own repairs -- they couldn't leave it like that -- because the builder was never in his office and did not respond,'' she said.
The season really ended last week, when the Jets could not beat Detroit at home after leading most of the game.
Many of us have encountered those uptight academic buns, but the idea of their wrenching themselves free of the tyranny of hairpins is a new twist.
Two months ago, after officials determined that Los Angeles had signed Adrian Beltre when he was 15, Selig fined the Dodgers $50,000, barred them from scouting or signing Dominican players for one year and ordered them to close their Dominican baseball academy for one year.
Some people put the blame for this state of affairs on ''parity,'' another word for league-wide mediocrity, and nobody has yet confused these two teams with, say, the 49er dynasty of the 1980's.
But many scientists said they were encouraged to remain in science not only by the prestige that such employment still brings in this society, but also by new exchanges with American colleagues.
Throughout the cold war, he worked in liaison with the Mexico City station of the United States Central Intelligence Agency, sharing information and doing favors, former intelligence officials said.
Keith spent the summer of 1999 on Mrs. Mullet's farm here, hunting and fishing and tooling around on the four-wheeler.
cholesterol-carrying particles that are especially damaging to arteries, high levels of fat in the blood after eating, high blood levels of uric acid and high levels of a substance, plasminogen activator inhibitor type-1, that impairs the body's ability to break up blood clots.
''Where did you get those two little marks?''
The elder Mr. Tukey became a Latin teacher at New Bedford's high school, but, because of a rule barring spouses from teaching at the school, Mrs. Tukey was a private tutor, Mrs. Anscombe said.
On Saturday he fights Canada's Scott MacIntosh.
The Grizzlies almost cost themselves the victory with poor free throw shooting.
Spending on highways jumped 11.5 percent, and spending for educational buildings was up 5.6 percent.
The Rocky Point site closed in 1971 and the Amityville site closed in 1974.
C1 No Consensus on Oil Production OPEC ministers preparing for a meeting on Monday appeared divided on the extent and timetable of any production increases, despite intense lobbying by the United States, where soaring gasoline prices have created a political uproar.
Yevgeny Kafelnikov walked onto Court 11 yesterday afternoon as if he were going to the office, wearing a neat white shirt with a navy-trimmed collar, his sandy blond hair cropped short.
The show includes never-before-seen original construction photographs, Norman McGrath's wrenching images of the demolition, sculptural fragments recovered from a Meadowlands landfill and the first extensive views of the new interiors, right.
I also learned that grass-roots organizing has its limits, although it took more time to appreciate them.
However this presidential conflict ends in the Supreme Court of the United States, it has taken one dangerous turn: the excoriation of the Florida Supreme Court by George W. Bush and his lawyer, James A. Baker III.
The program does have its limitations.
is planning an advertising campaign to pressure wavering members of Congress.
''We are close to you, dear brothers and sisters, in a particularly intense prayer,'' he said.
The 18-year-old also scored 8 goals and 15 points in the playoffs.
Such is the case with KBKids.com, the online subsidiary of Consolidated Stores' K-BToys, which opened an outlet within its site earlier this year.
The Waldorf-Astoria expects its grand ballroom, another traditional place to celebrate, to be filled, at $600, but for now, there's room.
From 1990 to 1993, emerging market indexes all posted gains.
's failure to oversee Salt Lake City organizers whose illicit gifts to members of the International Olympic Committee helped win the rights to the 2002 Winter Games.
The scene has become the norm for Miller over the past 18 months, while she has been recruiting a dazzling array of international stars for the fledgling program at the University of Minnesota-Duluth, where she is the head coach.
Understandable jubilation -- and abundant positive thinking -- led Senator John McCain to proclaim the emergence of a ''McCain majority'' after his victories on Tuesday.
Formally, ''Cafe Monnot'' is a successful example of chiaroscuro, with its abrupt transition from blinding sunlight to the dark of the cafe.
The 321 suites, which have refrigerators, microwaves and coffeemakers, cost $105 to $265, with breakfast and afternoon cocktails.
Mr. Johnson said that the Clinton administration would ''continue to push for strong legislation'' from Congress, particularly dealing with the so-called gun show loophole.
Other festival participants are the companies of Lula Washington, Neil Greenberg, Yoshiko Chuma, Sara Pearson and Patrik Widrig, Pascal Rioult and Lawrence Goldhuber and Heidi Latsky.
It won't be just size, it will be perkiness or the perfect nipple.''
Preliminary work that began last month in the subway tunnels has apparently driven legions of rats into Verdi Square, the small triangular park directly above the tunnels where the work is being done.
Only a few years ago, one of four floors sat vacant in Lower Manhattan, and Midtown was doing only slightly better.
Mr. Hammes is also a paid independent director of Heartland mutual funds, including the two bond funds.
Like Mathew Brady, Braun employed a number of photographers whom he oversaw but who went out into the field without him and took photographs that were published under his well-known name.
The avatar of the latter sensibility is, of course, Frank 'N' Furter of the tight corset and fishnet stockings, the role made famous by Tim Curry.
''Doing this exhibit is part of my citadelle interieure.
Associated with McKinsey & Company and former President of the American Marketing Association as well as working with Nabisco.
Ms. Fodor-Gernaert, 51, had been head of the public relations division.
''So the Reform Party now includes a Klansman, Mr. Duke, a neo-Nazi, Mr. Buchanan, and a communist, Ms. Fulani.
It landed in a bush on the Upper East Side.
Mr. Shandling plays a womanizing extraterrestrial who moves to Earth to impregnate a human woman and rule the universe.
She began to put texts and fossils together and saw the ancients in a new light.
With 10 million nonstick grillers sold since 1995, the manufacturer, Salton, bought Mr. Foreman's name and image last month for $137.5 million in cash and stock.
Mr. Harbert said he was tempted for a moment, but he was in too good a mood to take advantage of the offer.
''And today they were all terrific.''
''Basically, it's a situation where once the decision is made by the vice president, you have to be very aggressive to control the news,'' said another Gore aide.
And I find that I've been very lucky in that regard.''
It is the site of two major villas, Rufolo and Cimbrone.
But the Hurricanes, opening a four-game homestand, were shut out at home for the third time.
Funny Valentine, it has been ten years and we think of you every day.
Referring to the pressure he will face, he said: ''Obviously, there's going to be a lot of pressure.
Wolfgang Wagner is generally seen as having been reluctant to encourage open debate on the family's links to Hitler, the central role of Wagner's music under the Third Reich and the composer's own often scathing attitude toward the Jews.
Computer science and statistics students were often the only ones to use computers for more than writing papers.
Carol Lynn Alcott, 47, of Marlton, a former teller at Summit Bank there, was sentenced yesterday in Federal District Court to six months in prison, after she admitted stealing $300,000 in cash deposits from the bank between 1994 and 1998.
''This time of year, the yam is very good.''
Britain's foreign secretary, Robin Cook, offered to establish a U.N. military war college in Britain to train peacekeeping forces, an idea Secretary General Annan has endorsed.
Businesses fear that the proposals would make it harder for employees to find reasonably priced housing, while housing groups, who are already having trouble coping with rising costs for land, worry that the measures will further worsen shortages of cheaper housing.
CRAIG DELSACK New York City
Frances and George J. Greenberg LEVINE-Sidney.
They looked like structures one might find in the sea -- sea fans, corals and algae.
Directed by Bruce Beresford (R, 106 minutes).
But because it's Maria Callas, everything is related to melodrama.
And Justice Teresi's observation notwithstanding, the book is not at all closed, even in the courts.
The ensemble, which performs while standing, is still standing, and judging from its two new releases on Harmonia Mundi, the program will have the kind of vulgar Baroque terrorism you can listen to for hours.
One of Mr. Hance's most effective radio spots was this one, read by an announcer: ''In 1961, when Kent Hance graduated from Dimmitt High School in the 19th congressional district, his opponent George W. Bush was attending Andover Academy in Massachusetts.
The great assailant of the French Revolution, which among other crimes went in for rigged political trials on a large scale, himself conducted such a trial.
But I saw some shadows underneath.
ZDTV, a cable channel devoted to technology news and features, said it had signed an affiliation agreement with Time Warner's cable operations.
It seems that all the interviews and attention have Ms. Alaya flying in a holding pattern over her past, and Mr. Feddema would like her to come in for a landing sometime soon.
The Board of Trustees and Staff The New York Institute for Special Education
Since she was only trying to fit in, we forgave her her lies.
Zurich Festival, Post Office Box 6036, Zurich 8023; (41-12) 69-9090, fax (41 12) 60-7025.
But the economic bulldozer and the xenophobic reaction have been remarkably synergistic in one respect: Together they have uprooted many millions of humans from their native soil and set them down to reinvent themselves in distant lands.
''I think he set the standard for ex-players,'' Walsh said.
''First of all,'' he said, ''they weren't their secrets to give away, and second of all we do not do that.
Learning from Mr. Gilad that she was, in fact, single, he managed to wait till the second rehearsal to approach her.
All told, the three brokerage firms hold an estimated 50 percent of the listings in Manhattan.
Amos Gitai commanded through his megaphone as a body on a stretcher fell back inert.
4 at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, the most striking discovery at the site of the worst radiation accident in history was the two young women in white masks picking gingerly at the earth with hoes and rakes.
So he has had to strain for some meaning in his own candidacy other than competence, and what he offered on Thursday was a fight for ''working families'' against powerful interests.
Another significant factor influencing Americans' shifting perceptions of Cuba came in the Elian Gonzalez case.
Kathleen Landis, singer and pianist.
THE French, having legally limited the workweek to 35 hours, are filling their free time this winter searching for ''nouvelles sensations de glisse.''
Air Canada reported a strong recovery in its profit for the fourth quarter and for all of 1999 and said it had begun to reorganize the Canadian Airlines Corporation, which it acquired last month.
Earlier in the day, there was progress toward resolving the electoral impasse in Florida when the state's highest court rejected Ms. Harris's request to block the hand count.
Lindsey's bubbly personality won her the school's Tracey Kearny Memorial Friendship Award at her eighth-grade graduation in June.
''And by this I am able to market the brands that I need to attract youth.''
Now, with the possibility of a George W. Bush presidency staring her in the face, she has changed her mind.
It's all the luck of the samples.''
In its entire history, A.I.G.
The South Carolina primary is no longer a sure thing for front-runners or a fire wall against insurgents.
That would have required air traffic controllers in the area to watch radar scopes for data on the Navajo's flight and to provide the pilot with periodic flight advisories.
Whenever the whole class followed a rule, she wrote another letter from the word ''party'' on the board.
Beth Orton, opening the concert, was Beck's polar opposite.
It will alert them before going to any Web sites that collect more information than they are willing to give.
The administration, staff and families of P.S.
Money is not an issue.''
Admission: $10; $6.50, students and the elderly (Cotter).
Their slim-jim trunks standing at attention like green sculptures in a pale marble room, a formal allee of Alexander coconut palms sprouts from a carpet of glistening white pebbles.
WRETCHED ONES, 7 p.m.; THE RELIX, 8 p.m.; THE KRAYS, 9 p.m.; OXYMORON, 10 p.m., CBGB.
Desserts are at least as eye-popping.
You'll find more Czechs there than tourists, at least most of the time.
But he did not anticipate that a formidable enemy would threaten him from the south.
PROSPECT HEIGHTS Register That Old Jug For Appraisal by Experts Collectors of anything, from paperweights to pillboxes, Americana or jewelry -- or those who wonder how such objects are appraised -- are welcome to ''Collecting Marvels,'' this Saturday's appraisal day at the Brooklyn Museum of Art.
The three, whose names were not released, admitted having a ''tradition'' of dropping or throwing rocks on passing cars and confessed to letting loose volleys that hit three cars on the night of Feb. 27.
''The energy around generating a charter school just galvanized after the board became majority African-American and we got an African-American superintendent.''
Mr. John wrote the songs the same way he always does, lyrics first, faxed by Mr. Rice.
Even the leaf sections of the foreground trees appear as color photocopy cutouts, though the title card and the exhibition's itemized list describe this piece simply as an oil on canvas.
Where sprawl is the issue -- and nothing could be more local -- Republicans may be threatened not because they are Republicans but simply because they are there.
Butter or cream cheese was spread on the bottom or over the top and smoked fish was never added, a touch considered strictly American.
The Code Book: The Science of Secrecy From Ancient Egypt to Quantum Cryptography, by Simon Singh.
A company member had to explain to the audience that the celebration was not of the festival's devising.
'It's not the answer, but it contributes,'' he said.
At the small independent theaters, there is Pinter, Chekhov, Genet, Thomas Bernhard.
Cousin of Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
I don't know at what age my father joined the Six-Figure Club, but I became a member in my late 20's.
Her husband, who was driving, died in the hospital six hours after the blast.
Sponsored by Big Onion Walking Tours.
The grainy gray background of most of Richard Artschwager's paintings is meant to simulate the static snow on early television sets.
This is the stuff theater should be spinning, churning and beating into art (2:00).
For 20 years Mr. Mugabe did little.
It remains to be seen what links a separate cable unit would have to the rest of AT&T.
Typically, companies provide the medication for a limited time, with patients making a small co-payment to the pharmacist or no co-payment if the drug is sent directly to the doctor.
Luckily, the availability of lottery money -- it covered about 45 percent of the cost -- coincided with the transfer of the British Library to new headquarters near St. Pancras Station in 1997.
And 90 percent of the time, he said, schools just are not interested in hearing about an ideological war that never had much glory and barely left an imprint on the American consciousness.
Indeed, it is impossible to take a stroll around the avenues and their connecting blocks without encountering concrete being poured, foundations for new structures being sunk, and old town houses and tenements undergoing facelifts.
The papers also refer to earlier documents filed in a civil suit in which employees of Northrop Grumman, the company hired to maintain the system, say that they had been pressured to remain silent about the missing messages.
We wanted him to be able to make contact with whoever was watching it one-on-one.''
It wants to renovate the courthouse and reopen it as a community center to serve families returning to the neighborhood, with a public library, a small museum and community meeting rooms for various events.
But that doesn't excuse them from the process.
Japan's Seiji Ebihara, second in his last two starts on the European Seniors Tour, shares fourth place at 211 with Australia's Noel Ratcliffe and England's John Morgan.
Along with uncomprehending politicians, a fickle public and the implacable equations of space science, they must also battle a hidden villain able to infiltrate the nation's best-protected industrial sites.
A common way to accidentally get yourself included on the mailing list is to fill out a form on the Web to download a browser plug-in or free bit of software.
At a White House news conference, President Clinton and the Democratic leaders, Representative Richard A. Gephardt of Missouri and Senator Tom Daschle of South Dakota, took their share of the credit for the nation's booming economy, soaring surpluses and lowest unemployment figures in 30 years -- no doubt recurring themes this election season.
Time on market is from most recent listing to contract.
A surprising number of Pius IX's contemporaries found him a charismatic, attractive personality, who had ameliorated some of the humiliating centuries-old restrictions on Jews in Rome while retaining others.
My parents loved it -- the groomers had pretty much ironed the place flat -- but I found myself itching for a bit more of a challenge.
The atrocity, which was first reported on within weeks, is believed to be the worst of the latest Chechen war.
''It's really hard to get to a lot of these places and take your kids, but the Getty has made me aware of all the beautiful things that are out there, and I can pass that on to my son.''
After the Jets game, the Giants finish the preseason home against Baltimore on Aug. 25.
His father's death pushes him into a rageful place, where he mouths off to bosses, instigates shouting matches with referees at his son's hockey games, fears estrangement from his son and sinks into depression.
It is a place seething with suspicion, drugs, betrayals, stabbings and AIDS, with hymns that come at close of day and cries of protest that announce the night.
.5:26:31 25859 Waters, C, 29F .
But then an executive at Lion's Gate, the Canadian company that had become Mr. Pressman's partner, sent the script to Leonardo DiCaprio, red-hot from the success of ''Titanic.''
''The fact that it is on a natural beach is just fabulous,'' said Holly McPeak, the captain of the other American team.
Mr. Golshiri was particularly admired for his novel ''Prince Ehtejab,'' which came out in Iran in the mid-1960's.
They look best gathered into groups, however; this exhibition seems underpopulated (Johnson).
SCHNEIDER, NORTH FORK, 1997: $24 Aromas of smoky herbs and plums, with a long sweet finish.
He dedicated his life to promoting human rights around the world.
And now, there are the new worries: skyrocketing rents, the condemnation of old buildings that have given refuge to the very poor and a growing sense of uneasiness on the part of many longtime residents, many of them African-Americans, that their city is now for sale.
Black bass with greens was simple and delicious, and came with a creamy crabcake.
It is, at least, a Guy Campaign that respects the audience.
In November 1999, the teenager tried to end the online relationship.
Terry Allen scored on a 1-yard run with 46 seconds left as the New Orleans Saints clinched just their sixth winning season in the last 34 years with a 31-27 victory over the San Francisco 49ers today.
And there was also a palpable feeling that many other technologies were pushing hard against their boundaries.
The project raised a storm of protest last year from environmental and human rights groups.
''The guy was so frightened that he could not speak English to the police officers,'' the shop owner said.
Ledee paused when asked whether he believed the job in left field was his.
Hazelnuts are hard-shelled and are best bought shelled.
He scattered eight hits in his first shutout this season, the fourth of his career.
But I'm going to be judicious as to how to use the military.
Basically, I used a wheelbarrow as the head.
Eviction attempts, in the torrid residential market of today, rarely resemble the thuggish, brutal harassment that screamed into headlines during New York City's last real-estate boom: the co-op and condominium conversion frenzy of the mid- to late 80's.
The withdrawal came as Playboy posted a third-quarter loss of $6.5 million, in contrast to a $1.1 million loss a year earlier.
Rule 10b-5 barred such a subterfuge and became a standby in fraud litigation and a potent deterrent to insider trading.
Either way, as the soil dries, water is drawn into the pot.
June 30-July 15: ''Sweet Charity.''
The ship left Yemeni waters with its battle ensign flying and the sound system blaring music that ranged from ''The Star Spangled Banner'' to rap.
Mercedes, a right-hander, is tied with Andy Pettitte of the Yankees for most victories since the All-Star Game, 10.
The name Chimney Crest Manor doesn't do justice to the huge Tudor style, multichimneyed brick mansion.
The hospital took actions of its own by pressing Dr. Saltzman to relinquish his chairmanship.
Memorial donations to your local Diabetes Association.
Beloved husband of Beatrice, he will also be deeply missed by his children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren, brother, sister and many other relatives and friends.
Former Assistant to the General Counsel of HRA.
While the parade in Greenwich Village is now drawing a nationwide audience, New York City still has a home-grown parade that stays true to its roots: a family-oriented Halloween march that draws thousands down Seventh Avenue in Park Slope.
The plan will presumably have to include a mix of fee increases, service cuts, departmental consolidations, government layoffs and, yes, some dreaded tax increases.
In interviews, historians and Okinawans said that some Okinawan women who were raped gave birth to biracial children, many of whom were killed at birth.
Both my children made a beeline to the gift shop, which has a nice variety of educational toys, puzzles and kits for sale.
When the ''multiplexing'' is done, the package is sent to the replicator, who sends back the ''glass,'' or test disc.
The civilian witness, a dentist who had been bicycling across a nearby overpass, told investigators that Trooper Hogan shot at the van as it rolled across the roadway, away from him and Trooper Kenna.
ALICE NEEL, ''The Last Years,'' Robert Miller, 524 West 26th Street, (212) 366-4774 (through Oct. 14).
13 11 5 FAITH OF THE FALLEN, by Terry Goodkind.
C1 Accusations at BET Network A former chief financial officer of Black Entertainment Television, Dwight Crawford, intends to file a lawsuit today asserting that the company, its chairman, Robert L. Johnson, and its president, Debra Lee, sought to evade some taxes.
The largest proportion of African-American voters in the state is in the Memphis area, and surrounding Shelby County voted 2-to-1 for Mr. Gore last night.
Dense and noisy, this retrospective, including audio embellishments, has an intended carnival atmosphere without frivolity.
A native Atlantan, he began practicing law there with his father, Herbert, and had various partners in later years.
''In emergency medicine, you have to make some tough decisions with limited information,'' he said.
Prices are those paid in various Manhattan wine shops.
Mr. Barrett's book makes it clear that Mr. Giuliani was not close to Mr. D'Avanzo, even though he did invite Mr. D'Avanzo to his 1968 wedding to Regina Peruggi, his first wife.
The concepts behind Mr. Cunningham's work often sound as interesting as his imagery.
Roetter, a junior at Lexington High outside Boston, remained undefeated this season with a 60-meter triumph over Meghan Owen, a sophomore from Connecticut, in 17:59.
John Callahan, a piano technician in Oakland, Calif., who is now 42, learned to tune pianos from his father when he was 16.
Contributions may also be made to the Lawrence R. Tavcar Memorial Scholarship Fund at the Ohio University Foundation, P.O.
Yet the players found the inner resources to keep skating, keep shooting, keep hitting, keep bouncing back.
It was the name borne by the Elliotts who came to Canada more than 200 years ago.
The drummers danced on the small stage, spun two drums like tops and pretended to tap out a beat on the side of one brother's head.
As he was leaving, a C.I.A.
INTERNATIONAL ASSETS HOLDING CORP. named William C. Dennis Jr. to the post of president and chief operating officer.
It begins Sunday at noon; admission is free, though a $3 contribution is requested (Pareles).
When Mr. Payton narrowed his vision to play a piece called ''Dear Louis,'' for Louis Armstrong, suddenly light broke through: it began with a solo trumpet passage and proceeded with a quartet before all hands joined in.
In the third quarter of this year alone, average sales prices in the Towns of East Hampton and Southampton rose by 41 percent, statistics compiled by the company showed.
The secrecy surrounding his case reflects the growing quandary facing Communist Party leaders: To regain fading public faith, they are making a show of decisive action against corruption.
The United Farm Workers gained its first major stake in California's strawberry industry today in a tradeoff that left the union and a rival sharing representation of pickers at the nation's largest strawberry grower.
The event begins at 5:30 p.m. Tickets, $125, from (212) 227-1887.
Apparently a former lover has insulted her, or made a bold sexual request that she found crude and threatening.
Ms. McLellan said she would ask a separate committee to study this but said it was problematic.
With a private dinner, if there are choices at all, they are limited, usually two choices for the main course and maybe one vegetarian option.
In addition, he has 5,000 LP's, close to 1,000 45's and more than 5000 hours of music on reels of tape and cassettes.
After extensive surgery and facial reconstruction, he recovered.
In the past 10 years, 20 of them have gone up here -- most on or near the waterfront -- for a total of about 120 buildings, officials say.
''Girl With Shuttlecock'' is a figure silhouetted against a bare wall.
Their combined first-quarter score is impressive but they usually suffer from a lack of offensive firepower late -- New England ranks only 26th in total offense and 25th in rushing offense.
George W. Bush and Vice President Al Gore, Republicans and Democrats alike conceded today that the overall dynamics of the race did not seem to have changed.
''THE REPLACEMENTS,'' starring Keanu Reeves and Gene Hackman.
The judge is convinced that improving their surroundings will make a difference in the mood of families going before the bench.
''But now, I prefer to live here for the rest of my life.''
It will take something worse than one hand on the throat of a player to end the career of Coach Charmin.
A daily influx of people, estimated to be in the thousands, would jeopardize any neighborhood's character.
She learned from sports that even if you don't know how to do something this time, the next minute you can do it.''
11 4 THE FIRST WORLD WAR, by John Keegan.
Mr. Sternberg said Mr. Nichols would do no lobbying or be involved in regulatory affairs.
Men and women who served at Bainbridge hope that at least one of the remaining Navy buildings will be used as a museum to honor the 500,000 sailors trained at Bainbridge.
But their performance was a charming embodiment of the spirit of the choreography and of Gottschalk's bouncing score.
The spots are also made to look real by appearing at first to be a film clip, rather than a commercial.
NEITHER snow (blizzards of confetti), nor heat (a sanitation truck caught fire), nor chill (mid-40's with a stinging wind), nor inconveniences (a paucity of portable toilets), nor school (thousands of truants roamed lower Broadway after the mayor virtually sanctioned the unlocking of classrooms) nor yet another victory parade for the New York Yankees could stay these throngs of fans from the sweet contemplation of their appointed heroes.
The association, she said, has made her son feel comfortable in this country.
He has been regularly cited by political scientists and lawyers as the model of a modern attorney general.
Zoos BRONX ZOO, Bronx River Parkway and Fordham Road, Fordham.
It will soon get company, however; the William S. Burt Gallery, which is scheduled to open in April or May of 2001 in the newly renovated Bronxville Library, will specialize in the art of Bronxville residents.
Les Black, the school superintendent in Brentwood, estimated that the charter school will cost his district $1 million next year.. ''By losing students, we won't save any money,'' he said, ''because those leaving will be distributed among our 10 elementary schools, and in the final analysis, we won't be able to save even one teaching position.''
The study included patients from two hospitals in the United States.
A program for reconnecting with one's partner.
Justice John Paul Stevens, writing for the four dissenters in the Florida case, actually charged the majority with ''judicial activism.''
Straw's promise to deal with the asylum issue quickly.
Ms. Goard said that in the primaries this year her office had gone out of its way to help voters, contacting those who filed incomplete applications to correct errors.
BOSTON BRUINS--Reassigned RW Lee Goren to Providence of the AHL.
The arrested demonstrators were to be photographed, fingerprinted and held overnight before arraignment, a process that Mr. Ramsey said would make it unlikely that they would be freed by early morning.
''Religious tensions between Christians and Jews are not felt here.
So I keep hearing New York Knicks.
''It's a brutally damaging, dangerous sport, but it's also beautiful, graceful and elegant.''
''The Perfect Storm'' blew away ''The Patriot,'' earning an estimated $41.7 million since its Friday opening, compared with $21.6 million for its rival, a Revolutionary War epic.
His daughter Sheyla, 6, rested on one of the plastic-wrapped packages.
Although Mr. Bingham's prose occasionally curdles into fake Hemingway, such lapses are leavened by his characters' hip, knowing language and their determination to look at their lives through a very contemporary scrim of irony and black humor.
Hares was one of the unofficial leaders of the front.
But the police in Binhai had other ideas.
Frank Bosco achieves a different kind of eeriness by photocopying the ends of rolls of paper, some tightly wound, others looser.
Its topic was a tragedy of civilization.
And with that, Mr. Boies retreated.
If the governor signs the bill, Connecticut will join a small group of states, including Maine, Arizona and Nebraska, that allocate public money to state political campaigns.
Pour the boiling water into the flour mixture and stir with a spoon.
It did make you think.
''I was very glad we did not meet any German patrols on our way,'' she wrote.
''It is comforting knowing that he is there, and sharing in the work we do, which I think is very important.''
Under the direction of his boss, Terence F. McGuirk, the TBS chief executive, Mr. Heyer has ordered efficiencies that could lead to the elimination of hundreds of positions at CNN in coming weeks.
He returned to the lineup in Game 5 and ripped two hits in the first inning.
The plea for understanding had a callow, well-meaning earnestness, which the Wayanses parodied in 1996's ''Don't Be a Menace to South-Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood.''
When Mr. Khamenei's decision was announced, the chamber erupted in loud arguments and scuffles.
Captain Arana faces a maximum sentence of nine months in prison and dismissal from the Marines.
A young ''Muslim feminist'' student who grew up in Laramie describes this dizzying contrast of idealized perception and deflating reality as something like the confusions induced by the mazes in an Escher print.
One staff member at the Tottenville library suffered respiratory ailments, but no one else was affected, officials said.
Mr. Bush's letter to Cardinal John O'Connor of New York, expressing ''deep regret'' over his missed opportunity to criticize anti-Catholic views when he visited Bob Jones University on Feb. 2, seemed a step in that direction.
''You can perform legal marriages,'' she said of her impending priesthood, which ''gets the legal clergy status, those parking spaces that say Clergy Only.''
Richard Malenka, Carnegie Hall's associate director of development, declined to reveal any details about the graffiti or the investigation.
Services at ''BoulevardRiverside Chapels,'' 1895 Flatbush Avenue (at Avenue L), Brooklyn, NY, on Tuesday, September 5, at 11 AM.
The agreement angered Israel, and while the pope was in Cairo, Israeli religious leaders said they opposed his plan to hold a Catholic service on a Saturday in Nazareth when he visits Israel next month, suggesting that the necessary security arrangements would violate the Jewish Sabbath.
If Ms. Halonen wins, she would be the first woman to serve as Finland's president.
Meanwhile, China's is working to upgrade its arsenal.
.3:40:02 4898 Poussier, J, 42M .
Military units near Toquepala, which lies near the Chilean border, did not move against the dissidents.
Directed by Jim Jarmusch (R, 116 minutes).
*Nursing homes would receive $1 billion over five years and $2 billion over 10 years.
Hours: Wednesdays through Sundays, noon to 5 p.m.; Thursdays (after hours) until 8:30 p.m. 49 Washington Street, Newark.
''He just came right up and grabbed my hand,'' he said.
.3:32:45 3680 Morse, R, 50M .
In after-hours trading, the futures contract on the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index plunged 47 points, or 3.4 percent.
Parked in the solarium of the Women's National Republican Club on 51st Street until showtime, they missed most of the event.
The race for mayor of New York City is very much under way with candidates who insist that one can never get ready too soon, even though the primary is still 10 months away.
4-H Fairgrounds, 355 Court House-South Dennis Roat (Rt.
R. was a gentle soul'' who confided in him some casual instances of harassment that he was able to weather.
''In Israel we are all the time thinking that the army knows what it is doing, and sometimes we have to think twice.
And we are hidden away.''
The private sector is realizing it has a stake in Sao Paulo's future and is putting money into urban improvements.
Beloved wife of the late Irving.
Never mind the hagiography served up by Holmes's fawning acolytes.
''Parents want lots of messages, protective messages, coming at their kids,'' said Mary McKay, an associate professor of sociology at the Columbia University School of Social Work.
''I think that's a pretty big increase,'' said Bethany Grohs, 30, who was on her way home to Westfield, N.J., last night at the PATH station at the World Trade Center.
Like Mr. Allen, he lives nearby; he said he had chosen cream-colored brick for the building because it would be nice to look at from his dining room window.
So many things ''shimmer,'' or are ''delicate,'' ''dainty,'' ''fragile'' or ''radiant,'' that these words lose their associative charge.
Cars, with air bags and seat belts and modular car seats for children, are safer than ever.
I'd like a chance to get 30 starts a year and see what happens.''
Indeed, OPEC production is already running more than a million barrels a day over its stated limit of 23 million barrels, and most experts believe the bulk of this extra oil is coming from Saudi Arabia.
We also enjoyed the carrot pudding, served piping hot, redolent of spices.
It's a team that's playing the best it has all season.
Mr. Hevesi, who intends to run for mayor himself next year, had worked out a plan of treatment with his doctors before he held a press conference to simultaneously announce that he was sick, that he was going to be fine, and that his career would go on as usual.
In Cartegena, the police said they had arrested three men who had bomb materials in a house six blocks from one of Mr. Clinton's stops.
Mr. Din, who spent two years in a Liberian refugee camp with his wife and two children, has set up a small stand in the market here, selling nails, hammers and other tools that people are buying so they can rebuild.
In meetings with the French president, Jacques Chirac; the European Commission president, Romano Prodi of Italy; and teams of officials from both sides, the Clinton administration pressed its objections to the European Union's restrictions on beef and banana imports and its promised subsidies for a new Airbus superjumbo passenger aircraft.
These are the decisions Layden will make in his first off-season as the architect of the Knicks.
''I came from a farming background, and my career was teaching.
The company would also have to clarify plans to raise 380 billion won ($334 million) to meet its target of 1.6 trillion won by the end of the year, the company's major creditor, Korea Exchange Bank, said.
Matthew Rowley, a member of the Police Department's aviation unit, performed the re-enactment this month.
.3:31:20 3445 Besnehard, P, 41M .
Adoring greatgrandfather of Martine, Andrew and Sydney.
And now there is something called the Abend Rule.
Nicklaus will also play in all four majors this year, as well as two early-season P.G.A.
By people, he meant suburbanites.
Luckily Mr. Feliciano broke his fall by landing on top of the musical director, Patrick Vaccariello.
Despite how much action transpires in the kitchen and around the dinner table, no one would dream of calling ''The Sopranos'' a ''women's'' series.
''And mom is so great, she puts up with so much stuff from me,'' she added.
Much of the forced migration is taking place within northern Iraq, from government-controlled locations like the oil-producing area around Kirkuk, which the displaced people say President Saddam Hussein is trying to ''Arabize.''
''It's time to grow up,'' Cousy said of Knight a few years ago, ''and he hasn't grown up.''
''Killjoy,'' who wrote this spoof which can be found on the Dr. Laura Parody Pages (www.geocities.com/SoHo/Studios/7141/ laura.htm), took a similar tack: Caller: Uh, O.K.
She bemoans that having children means having animals.
Thirty-year Treasuries were also helped to a third consecutive day of gains, as Wall Street firms and investors prepared for a second round of Treasury Department bond buybacks today and as the price of crude oil dropped 3 percent.
It is a cavernous, cacophonous building, the size of two city blocks, filled with 20-foot-high stacks of compressed metal and plastic and paper blocks.
''I will use inspirations to build a world that I know.
One of Ms. O'Donnell's guests, a 10-year-old Miami girl, performed a suggestive dance routine that left the audience speechless, and Mr. Kola had to jump-start the audience's response.
''if you buy 20 pounds of beef you get five pounds of hamburger free.''
The slide in stocks picked up speed yesterday as the Nasdaq composite index suffered the biggest of seven consecutive declines and its biggest percentage loss since April.
''Free throws are all mental.
They have two dogs, mongrels, that keep them company.
''But we were pretty stubborn.
If same-sex couples living together qualify as lifetime partners deserving of marital benefits, then heterosexual couples choosing to live together without marriage should also have the option of obtaining a certificate of civil union.
; a daughter, Margaret Lesser of Tenafly, and a grandson.
They write original articles, scour the Web for the best links to their topic, are hosts to live chats, manage forums and publish their own newsletters.
For Mr. Florio, one of only a few one-term governors in modern New Jersey history, his campaign quickly turned as combative as his three past races for governor.
The beach is wide open, a thin tongue of land facing the ocean on one side, and the Lay estuary on the other.
Now it was easy to win the spade ace, draw trumps and cash the spade 10.
On call 24 hours a day, seven days a week; afraid to vacation out-of-state for fear the hurricane, the heat wave, the whatever, will violate his turf (and reputation) the minute he leaves.
''The great forces in American preservation have always been the lay people,'' he said in a 1998 interview.
THE DANISH GIRL By David Ebershoff.
There's a vulnerability, even a slight shakiness, right on the bespangled, bewigged surface of Mr. McGrath's Hedwig, so that when she announces to her audience that she's ''wide open,'' you don't just snicker.
None of the injuries had been serious, he said, and no crashes had resulted from the air-bag deployments, which were caused by corrosion on a wire linked to the air bag inflator.
That's because so many more men vote in Republican primaries than in Democratic ones.
Great-gandmother of Morgan, Aaron, Cori, Mitchell and Justin.
The center-left government voices the same aim of curbing illegal immigration and favoring orderly, legal immigration as the right favors.
To the Editor: A Dec. 20 Business Day article about the renewed interest in nuclear power discussed the economic incentives.
.4:04:38 10824 Saldanha, E, 34F .
''When I took over in July 1994, the garden had $38,000 in the bank,'' said Ms. Lacerte, who has a degree in public administration and cut her teeth on finance as an intern in Councilman Peter F. Vallone's office.
Mideast Meetings Planned Mideast violence continued, but the White House said President Clinton hoped to meet with both sides next week to discuss ideas for resuming negotiations.
For the rest of the week, though, the State Supreme Court will remain the focus of Mr. Gore's legal attention.
A spokesman for the city Department of Transportation, Tom Cocola, said the department was hiring an engineering firm to create a plan to improve flow through the intersection by reconstructing Richmond Hill Road.
Dr. Robert Singer performed the ceremony.
STOCKS DROP IN ASIA -- Stocks fell sharply today in Japan, South Korea and Hong Kong as investors responded to Friday's rout in the United States.
Paterson's Past in Metal His father's father was a gandy dancer, laying track for railroad trains; his mother's father was a civil engineer.
On Tuesday, he moved aggressively to neutralize Mr. Gore's advantage on the critical issue of health care by releasing his own plan to give prescription drug benefits to the elderly.
Valentin homered in the first, and the long-ball display made it easy for James Baldwin (5-0).
Indiana has a 3-2 lead over the Philadelphia 76ers in their four-of-seven-game Eastern Conference semifinals.
YOLANDA RIVERA Bronx, June 27, 2000
Purchased the contract of INF Jeff Branson from Albuquerque of the PCL.
''I think we've just grown together.
''It breaks the quality,'' he said.
I had hoped that we could keep this marriage together.
Just before the protests, Knight met with his team.
He was a dedicated public servant, serving the people of both Brooklyn and Queens.
Mr. Van Do said his organization was also demanding that the university hire more Asian-American teachers and two Asian-American counselors at the university's counseling center.
Studies indicated that cancer and other abnormalities could result in the female children of women who had consumed DES while pregnant.
Mr. Sinisterra, 59, is best known in the United States as the author of ''Ay, Carmela!,'' a play set during the Spanish Civil War on which Carlos Saura's 1991 film of the same name is based.
He cited Siemens of Germany as a favorite.
For 10 days Mike Tyson, America's bad-boy boxer, has captured the attention of this nation.
The clinic advertised heavily in Chinese-language newspapers.
One is John Hegarty, chairman at Bartle Bogle.
Apparently, there are ways to get Hill out.
But she could also play a really dumb broad, too.''
1, with the London Symphony Orchestra, Claudio Abbado, cond.
By then, Lincoln had long since abandoned his ''dream'' of colonizing blacks abroad, or what Bennett insists on calling ''deportation'' even though, as Secretary of the Navy Gideon Welles noted in 1862, ''the President objected unequivocally to compulsion.
''Phish isn't the only band that Phish fans listen to,'' he said.
In a labored explanation, the station's announcer said that because another opposition leader, Vuk Draskovic of the Serbian Renewal Movement, had refused to appear, ''we thought it would be advisable to ask them again at another opportunity.''
The beleaguered albatross headed back to the north into Buzzard's Bay with several ''angry'' great black-backs in pursuit.
Prosecutors plan to ask an Atlanta grand jury to indict Ray Lewis, the Baltimore Ravens' All-Pro linebacker, and two other men on Friday in the slayings of two young men outside a nightclub hours after the Super Bowl, the authorities said today.
George McKirdy, who does double duty as the pastry chef for Heartbeat, turns in a modest but appealing performance here.
At the bottom of the pecking order (but not there for long) is the crew's chipper engineer and self-professed ''space janitor,'' Gallagher (Val Kilmer), who has eyes for Bowman and an obsession with the Rolling Stones' ''19th Nervous Breakdown,'' which he sings to himself in moments of stress.
Under Republican rules, only the convention can change party procedures, although the proposal would also give the Republican National Committee power to adjust things between conventions.
And behind that hills fade into mist: they seem to have been done with a dabbed sponge, a technique familiar from pottery decoration.
That had not been established before.''
As one administration official said, ''The big sell is: 'Take a sure bet now.
But these quickly became political no-flight zones for politicians worried about coming under attack by organized labor lobbyists who argue that permanent trade status would erode human rights in China and cost American jobs.
The business model for a successful games site is still evolving, Mr. Pidgeon said, but he predicted it would grow harder for independent sites to survive unless they found a niche.
He was 84.. Mr. Maga, who at the time of his death was a member of the Constitutional Court, was elected president in December 1960, the year Dahomey won independence from France.
Fifteen-year mortgages were also up this week with an average rate of 7.86 percent, up from 7.78 percent last week.
Precious little on the Internet.
It is a sentiment we can all take to heart.
In order to do this, a respirator must have two straps to close the mask around the chin as well as the nose and mouth.
We learn a great more about Richard, who comes fairly close to being an ideal father with his mixture of confidence, humor, optimism and general openness.
Aulden, which is open Monday through Saturday, is the retail partner that enabled Sotheby's to resume New York auctions of fine and rare wines after that house's five-year relationship with Sherry-Lehmann, the upscale Madison Avenue merchant, collapsed last November in a contract dispute.
It was the critics' way of saying that for Mr. Roney to base his work on that of a great musician is somehow a sin against the kind of contrivance often described as ''cutting edge.''
For clients on a budget, Ms. de Lorgeril offers a delightful young red from Auguste Clape for about $18.
Since then, he tells me: ''I have amended that.
Ms. Meltsner, 28, will keep her name.
Eugene D. Zinbarg, President Bruce F. Greenfield, Executive Director ABELOW-Morris Lee.
''He's very disappointed in himself.
President Clinton brought new conviction to the task, nominating 13 African-Americans thus far, but he is still making up lost ground.
has decided that kids in clinical trials have to, potentially at least, receive a direct benefit.
Chmura, who made the Pro Bowl in 1995, 1997 and 1998, could face up to 10 years in prison on the sex assault charge and up to 30 years on the enticement charge.
Buddy and Julie Miller, a husband and wife team of prodigious talent, certainly aren't the flavor du jour of country music.
Swedish Match is offering $15.25 a share.
No set of teachers is more primed to use computers as a powerful educational tool than are those at the elementary school level.
Regulators and courts have long described the spectrum as a public trust that needs to be managed in the best interests of the public, but the studies conclude that minorities and women have had a difficult time for the last half-century and that it still remains especially difficult for them to win licenses and get financing for their ventures on a footing comparable to their rivals.
''We have everyone here you can imagine,'' Mr. Valentin says.
It is a little like a day care center for entrepreneurs: Panasonic provides not only start-up capital to its clients but also office space and in-house expertise on how to get a business up and running quickly.
Unlike the non-Olympic sport of karate, which involves the hands 80 percent of the time, taekwondo is 80 percent feet.
People accuse the country's leadership of destroying the country.
Five years ago, few Syrians were so sanguine about the prospects of an agreement with Israel.
Linux was developed under this philosophy by unpaid programmers around the world.
In what amounted to a partial amnesty, he asked for the immediate release of all minors arrested during the last week and appealed to justice authorities to prosecute only adult protesters arrested for violent crimes.
Of these, at least 150 will bid.
Mr. Clinton credits Mr. Gore in some of his announcements, like his preview last week of his health care plan.
With world oil prices running at sustained highs, the Royal Dutch/Shell Group, Europe's biggest petroleum company, reported third-quarter operating profits today of $3.25 billion, an increase of about 80 percent over the comparable period a year earlier.
She had been in Paris all year with Aunt Hallie, and they were bound for New York from Cherbourg on a small ship, the Rochambeau.
Andy MacPhail, the Cubs' president, said last week the team had no plans to trade the home run-hitting right fielder, but he left open the possibility by saying, ''Clearly, it's not something that has a lot of appeal to me at the present time.''
''Our work under this alliance will bring us one step closer to realizing the therapeutic potential of human pluripotent stem cells.''
But he also shot less and passed more after injuries robbed his body of its explosiveness.
Here Azadeh takes further risks with narrative, showing how disparate encounters and unrelated episodes can add up to a single, complex rite of passage.
After graduating from Harvard, where she majored in psychology and sang a capella with a group, Ms. Bumby got a job as a teacher's assistant in Edgemont.
Ninety percent of the players mousing around in electronic bucket shops lose money, and the sport is no less perilous when played at home.
SYMPHONY HALL, BOSTON First, how many venerable performing-arts auditoriums are allowed to live to 100 in America today?
''To know that I've had a river of M.T.B.E.
By reviving these efforts, America can gain some protection against future oil price increases.
His arrest follows a period of ferocious drug warfare in the western state of Sinaloa, in Mexico City and especially in Tijuana, which has recorded more than 100 murders this year.
And there are examples that render obsolete the opposition of ''loose'' to ''finished,'' including Ingres's meticulously economical profile of Albertine Hayard and the Seurat, a conte study for the seated male bather at the center of ''Une Baignade, Asnieres,'' a monumental image in which working-class hero meets Parthenon frieze.
Administration officials also took advantage of the opportunity to jab at Mr. Bush and Republicans in Congress over fiscal policy, suggesting that the big tax cuts that Republicans are proposing would undermine one of the foundations of the current prosperity, the large and growing federal budget surplus.
In seeking to become the first woman in the open era to win four consecutive Australian Open titles, Hingis has lost only 14 games in three matches.
A number of other applicants, while not churches, share views associated with religious conservatives.
'' said Mr. Kirk, who is writing a story about a mole.
Several large regions of the country were then opened to competitive bidding.
Onel Carrasquillo of Silver Spring, Md., became the 32nd suspect to be charged in the attacks, in which several dozen woman were doused with water and sexually abused in and near the park after the National Puerto Rican Day Parade.
Museum officials are negotiating with Consolidated Edison to use part of its two-story building on 125th Street between Malcolm X Boulevard/Lenox Avenue and Fifth Avenue, a site that now houses a Con Ed service operation where customers pay their bills.
The Stooges ''were always looking for their next jobs,'' Mr. Fleming said.
To that end, Mr. Putin and his top aides have talked about overhauling the tax code, protecting the rights of shareholders, phasing out subsidies to money-losing enterprises and tackling politically dicey issues such as establishing the right to own land.
Reproduced for the exhibition are six pieces -- including two chairs and two sofas -- that were part of a 36-piece set commissioned by James Madison and destroyed in the White House fire during the War of 1812.
''It became a hit so we kept it,'' said the station manager, Carl Hemple.
I think he just couldn't handle the track.''
Devoted grandmother and great grandmother.
He added: ''People are paying a lot of money to watch players play hockey, and guys want to perform.
DON'T LOSE SIGHT OF THE BASICS -- Executives can increase their odds of board selection in many ways, but recruiters say the most important is also the most obvious: ''The best way to get on a board is to do your job,'' said Ted Jadick, a managing partner in the board practice of Heidrick & Struggles in New York.
has embarked on a global strategy of tying itself to midsize automakers with large stakes in their home markets or with valuable technology.
The governor, who has a year remaining in her second and last term, said one of her main pieces of unfinished business was an ambitious set of water quality and watershed management rules, which would go a long way toward determining how New Jersey distributes the million new residents expected over the next two decades.
Given the mood of the season, it was perversely comic, refreshing even, to hear the voice of Glenn Close as the comatose Sunny von Bulow from the film ''Reversal of Fortune'' play throughout the show.
Nor was it the poster of a Nazi storm trooper.
Finally, in an episode that ranks with the revelation of who shot J. R., the coming out of Ellen DeGeneres and the retirement of Jerry Seinfeld, they ''got horizontal,'' as the writers put it.
''The beaches are dirty, the Fire Department is terrible, the natives are hostile and have a tendency towards cannibalism.''
Cherished father of Mitchel and David Weinberger & Jamie Runyon.
The County Center is at the junction of the Bronx River Parkway, Tarrytown Road and Central Park Avenue in White Plains.
Here you will have outside corners to contend with.
Even in its heyday, Newark was overshadowed by the more titanic city to its east.
Although her features and hairdo have become less dowdy, and she has traded in her house dress for a business suit, she has always been a self-possessed lady in red, thus assuring continuity and familiarity.
And those who know Cayard say he is acting like a man approaching a date with destiny.
''From Marty on out,'' Pederson said, ''we buckled down pretty good.
He was content merely to restore George I's royal council, horseshoe tournaments and strumming troubadours from the southern provinces.
''Right now getting Africans on the ground is a phenomenal thing,'' said Dr. Brown, the Smithsonian endocrinologist who will be testing Ivory's blood to help determine when labor is about to begin.
But in 1997 he had to make the two brief trips in search of additional food.
''You mean the one I wasn't invited to?''
Decades after mandolin ensembles and W.P.A.
Sexual harassment issues are already difficult.
First They Killed My Father A Daughter of Cambodia Remembers.
It could attract multi national investment to economically ailing Jordan, encouraging economic growth and creating jobs.
While Jones is ''always open to new ideas to set us apart and raise our brand awareness, we're very selective,'' Mr. Lin said.
Next door, the waterfront Inn on the Blue Horizon, (787) 741-3318, fax (787) 741-0522, is more elegant but far more stiffly formal.
Other roads are part of historic districts.
When she stepped up to get her medal, her mind was exploding with the names and faces of all the people who helped get her there.
Spartan men were raised to be soldiers from an early age.
All the houses have basements, and with the exception of the one dwelling style with the master bedroom on the first floor, all have two-car garages.
It was not until the end of the 1920's -- late in the Harlem Renaissance -- that blacks were allowed to buy and rent the palatial homes.
Mrs. Clinton made her remarks about Mr. Lazio during a speech on women's issues, when she said, as she has in the past, that Mr. Lazio is not pro-choice on abortion rights but ''multiple choice.''
She speaks of our children, yet hasn't sought them out; instead she attends those who have, in fact, worked with boys and girls -- and in so doing is quick to look askance at Carol Gilligan's ideas about girls, Pollack's about boys.
43 in Queens, has orange, white, green and blue stripes.
's, you still pull yourself up into the cabin.
Dr. Sol Roth, Rabbi, David Yagoda, Chairman, Dr. William Schwartz, President BRENNGLASS-Theresa.
While the Knicks and the Golden State Warriors have been the most active teams pursuing Fortson, the deal has been difficult to consummate because he is seeking a contract in the range of $4 million a season.
spokesman, Bob Wright, confirmed yesterday that three investigations are under way -- one by Fresno police, one by the team and one by S.M.U.
What connects these diverse aspects of history?
A couple of months later we had our painting on the wall.''
It included country classics like the Louvin Brothers' ''Christian Life,'' the country/soul of William Bell's ''You Don't Miss Your Water'' and memorable originals like Parsons's ''Hickory Wind.''
The tangled politics of the issue were on full display today.
''I was president of four different corporations and owner of none,'' Andy said.
Ms. Paulin, 44, was interim executive director of My Sisters' Place, a shelter for battered women, until she stepped down recently to run for office.
I say, Marvin and Pete go in together or leave 'em both on the curb.
''I bet you they stood up and clapped for a full five minutes.
Ten years ago, for example, Bruce Smith, then with the Buffalo Bills, growled that he was a better player than Lawrence Taylor.
It will hire the 1,000 Cabletron employees at the plants in Rochester, N.H., and Limerick, Ireland.
Despite Koiso's admirable atmospherics and unfailing good humor, service is anything but a model of efficiency.
He wants to refine that pitch this year, to offset the hard-sinking fastball he throws 92 to 93 m.p.h.
In Illinois, Georgia and Maine, the company has at times been unable to hire enough nurses and other employees to meet demands, resulting in fines or contract termination, officials in those states said yesterday.
The Pirates will have to play with more energy against the speedy Red Storm than they did this afternoon before 6,500 fans at the Pavilion.
The Republican proposal ''not only does too little to insure that U.S. food and medicine will reach the Cuban people,'' said Representative Sam Gejdenson, a Connecticut Democrat, in a typical comment.
''It looked, to my eye, not like a cow blastocyst.
In Kings Point, at the United States Merchant Marine Academy, Daniel Schnyder on saxophone and flute; Jonas Tauber, cellist; and David Taylor, bass trombonist, close out this year's Great Neck Arts Center's ''Salon Series'' with a tribute to Al Grey, the jazz veteran who died recently.
The market leader, Covad Communications, which serves 96 markets and plans to expand to 70 more by year-end, is trading near its 52-week low, closing Friday at $15.06 for a negative year-to-date return of 59.6 percent.
Of the art of fiction, she said, ''Virginia Woolf said that writing a novel is like walking through a dark room with a lantern which illuminates the things that were always there.
That intervention fell short of its goal, bankers said.
''And then we decided to put the movie out in the summertime, against all these big studio behemoths.
''I don't want to be a gear turning the wheels of a big company,'' said Katsuma Fujii, V-Sync's chairman and the younger of its co-founders.
Undulating vamps, the glassy tinkle of electric piano and playful phantom choruses surround Amel Larrieux on her debut album.
To the dismay of the Liberals, Mr. Day's election represents a resounding defeat of Preston Manning, a leader of Canadian conservatives since the late 1980's.
One recent afternoon, Suki Schorer, one of Balanchine's appointees and a former City Ballet principal, was running a rehearsal for the all-male Second Regiment section (''Thunder and Gladiator'') like a high-strung drill sergeant.
Playing at the O'Reilly on a recent weekend was Conor McPherson's peripatetic play ''The Weir,'' with some Irish cast members who lent authenticity to the mystery.
Four of this new breed can be seen each Wednesday afternoon throughout January.
Also, although he is stepping down as president, Mr. Lee has said he wants to serve out his remaining one and a half years as chairman of the Nationalist Party, a position that has arguably been more powerful than the presidency.
Mayor McWilliams said he was confident this time around that the redevelopment projects would be realized.
Ben Ford, 25, has eight major league appearances and two professional starts after 282 relief appearances, and he will be promoted from Class AAA Columbus to start against the White Sox.
To serve, place two folded fillets on each plate, spoon a little cooking liquid over each and place salad and garlic toast alongside.
The simple fact is Empire cannot provide enrollees high-quality service unless it can raise capital.
Declined to exercise their options on LW Chad Cabana, RW Paul Brousseau, RW Craig Reichert, RW Ray Sheppard and G Mikhail Shtaleknov.
The Times survey gives little support to the argument that Americans, frustrated by the demands of family life, have turned to the world of work for satisfaction.
Jon D. Fuller (not John) and the Rev.
But 'The Idiots,' they think, 'Mmm, now he's come back.'
Juan Encarnacion led off Detroit's fourth with a triple and scored on Bobby Higginson's grounder.
He said the company was cooperating with the environmental agency's effort to contain the imported substance and has asked the State Department to urge China to take back the material.
The buzz heightened as red, white and blue pompoms were handed out for the approaching ritual.
Mrs. Southwell, 30, is an account supervisor in Manhattan for DDB Worldwide, the advertising agency.
They had scaled all 48 peaks in New Hampshire that are 4,000 feet or higher, ''in the winter, from all four sides,'' Mr. Dickerman said.
As soon as Mr. Rios walked into the sweltering gym, he was greeted by his trainer, Julio Rivera, 50, a tall, bearded onetime middleweight contender.
Although there are many dissidents, most analysts seem to think that interest rates will remain where they are until after the presidential election.
local that represents 1,850 engine plant workers here, said, ''If Bush wins, we could wake up Wednesday morning with a Republican president, Senate and House, which would mean it would be very difficult to stop an agenda that would seek to weaken unions.''
Often arrested as he demonstrated in his wheelchair, he publicly blamed the high doses of radiation he received for the cancer for paralyzing him below the waist.
Dozens of county jail guards contributed $300 apiece, for example.
''We've had places charge for the rental application.
While lifetime learning is a given, these competencies form a base for professional growth.
The group's study focuses on long-term psychiatric hospitals, known as ''granjas.''
The 1940's dowdiness of their spring collection had vanished, replaced by a tasteful sexiness that made you want almost all the clothes that went by.
Only a small fraction of the $5.75 billion cost has been raised and unless other countries contribute, the agreement will not be implemented.
At 10,457 feet, we were all a little lightheaded, but energized by our accomplishment.
.4:54:41 21912 Van Veelen, L, 31F .
He brought in a co-developer to obtain approvals and create a master plan.
Appeal of Conscience Foundation Rabbi Arthur Schneier, President Rev.
He told a crowd in Sanford, Fla., that service to causes greater than self-interest was ''what a Gore-Cheney presidency means.''
Though Mr. Tetzlaff does not avoid the Tchaikovsky, Mendelssohn and other crowd-pleasing concertos, he has always been drawn to substantive and unusual works that engage his probing intellect and deep musicianship.
Since then she has diversified her career, moving from Broadway to television (the long-running series ''Alice'') and back to the theater, winning a Tony as best actress for her performance as the mother in Mr. Simon's ''Broadway Bound.''
And, to be sure, Mr. Cheney seems most at ease delivering policy speeches on the military he once led or in small, controlled gatherings.
He said that ANDRE AGASSI, MICHAEL CHANG, PETE SAMPRAS and JIM COURIER had never been in a photograph together, and that arranging it had been an ordeal.
Payne (D) Nay Yea 11.
.4:00:01 9626 Chiappin, S, 52M .
The lame-duck American will promise Egypt to continue billions in U.S. foreign aid to prop up its regime, as we have for a generation.
The cow slows down, signaling a willingness to mate, and the bulls use their flippers to slow her down even more.
Awesome ''Pop Pop'' of Zachary and Jared.
''I didn't have to do that,'' the swarthy Torre said.
But spreading manure is a common farm practice, and it rarely results in masses of flies.
That is one reason Ms. Golden is there.
Mr. Bush most pointedly focused on Mr. Gore's proposal for nearly $500 billion in tax cuts over the next 10 years, mostly targeted for specific needs like college education, child care or retirement savings.
But at its best, pop is a free-for-all, and for much of the 90's that's exactly what we had.
Sunday at 4 p.m. Tickets: $18 and $24.
The Israeli government, among others, has said the pope should not greet Mr. Haider.
The court held that the requirement imposed a burden on minors seeking abortions that it did not impose on those who continue their pregnancies.
HOW TO HELP Checks payable to The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund should be sent to P.O.
Councilwoman Kathryn E. Freed, who represents the neighborhood, complained that the Buildings Department allowed architects and engineers to ''self-certify'' that their plans were safe, and that city inspectors did not visit the site before approving plans.
The platform would be the envy of any politician, with the chance to read Lincoln's immortal words, including the Gettysburg Address, with rolling timpani and rising horns.
There was a small silence in the room as the speech ended and the bookstore audience sat back in their chairs considering their verdict.
Last June, the health system informed Aetna that it would not be renewing the L.I.J.
The calm room was filled with water-blue lilacs sent by Karl Lagerfeld.
Oddly, Arthur's own exact nature seems, in the end, less important than the larger debates he inspires.
A15 The nation's Republican governors asserted that the Gore campaign was ''brutally abusing'' Florida's secretary of state and threatening the foundations of American democracy in its election challenge.
PETER MARKS Shades of earth-tone suits: every president since Harry Truman, Mr. Gore writes, has had to adjust his image to the demands of the television screen, even those with a special distaste for the process, like Dwight D. Eisenhower: He was even persuaded against his will to change to a different style of glasses so that he would come across better, and before long he was using the TelePrompTer to be what he hated most -- artificially sincere.
Orlando R. Brugnola, a Unitarian minister, at the Boathouse in Central Park.
Great grandmother of Daneisha, Jennifer, Nicole, Danielle, Joshua, Jonathan and Elyana.
's and make competent citizens out of them,'' Dr. Ponder said.
''I've had people tell me that I should go on with my life and grow up,'' said the 22-year-old Abbassi, who played baseball at Long Island University in Brooklyn before graduating last year.
He wears a mouthpiece when he pitches, and his lower jaw was locked, his chin pushed forward, except when he cursed, either at himself or the batter, or at no one in particular.
The Mets dropped to 3-7 in games started by their fourth starter.
''And how about the Irish?
''It gives us the way to integrate the assessment portion of education in our school programs.''
GREENE-Lee A., 90, of Lawrence, NY.
Water and politics has long been an explosive combination in arid Southern California, but now the region is facing an even more combustible mixture: water and the free market.
Kucera resumed using his former strings and beat Gustavo Kuerten on clay in Monte Carlo and won all four matches easily at the World Team Cup last week.
Devoted father of Adam Feldman, M.D.
Since 1993, when parental abduction of a child became a federal offense, the Justice Department has indicted 62 parents, convicting 13.
That's a major factor in repeating success; you know you can do it because you've done it.''
To the Editor: Sincere thanks to John Schulian for reminding me of my own membership in the Loyal Order of Ramsey [''One Album to His Name, but It's the Stuff of Legend,'' Aug. 27].
I am always impressed with it.
He said he saw some girls being groped but that he was involved only in what he described as ''an innocent water fight that got out of hand.''
''We'' no longer has poaching rights throughout the magazine.
.4:18:56 14116 Jorna, J, 45M .
As in many an omnibus, the skits are variously successful, and you'll be particularly impatient if you're the sort who waits for a punch line or a concluding moment.
I always goof around a bit to make myself feel more comfortable, but he wasn't playing.
But Bloomfield, a one-gas-station outpost 247 miles from the Billings airport -- and 27 miles from the nearest McDonald's -- is also losing students to home-schooling, which is increasingly popular among the area's religious Mennonites, and to the schools in Richey, the nearest town, where students can play on basketball and volleyball teams.
I don't get to travel much to exotic places.''
''On the road you need a lot of guys to step up.''
But Mr. Harris emphasized that it was important that Mr. Barak's government finally decided to give a clear signal to the European Union.
Sister of Irving and the late Herman.
The crowd roared and the flashbulbs popped.
As the drug companies have increased their handouts of the samples to help increase their sales, the hospitals and clinics say the free medicines have become harder to control.
''I think it is pure self-interest in avoiding competition,'' said Gustavo Franco, a former president of the central bank who was responsible for engineering Brazil's opening of the financial system to foreign investment in the 1990's.
''Unless they are planning to retire or are not looking for a renewal of their contract, they might be loath to go against what they believe are the board's wishes.''
But in works by Beethoven, Scriabin and Prokofiev (a thrilling Third Piano Concerto with Leif Over Andsnes) Mr. Gergiev elicited ardent, bold and imaginative music making from the orchestra.
''But my thing is that in 11 years in other neighborhoods, it would have all been done by now.
But he notes that several hundred Serbs who stayed behind, many of them elderly, were killed.
But he secretly owned and ran at least four ambulance companies after leaving prison in 1990, said Loretta Lynch, a United States Attorney in Brooklyn.
White Barn Theater, Newtown Turnpike, Westport, Conn.; (203) 227-3768 (Dunning).
Yet another Republican, who is close to the former defense secretary said, ''Bush really, really, really likes Cheney.''
''Combined with the MTV awards, we are seeing a tremendous amount of traffic.''
Our condolences to Naomi, Sophie, Ezra and Talya.
Dear grandfather of Jennifer, Katie, Leah, Michael and Jamie Cobelli.
Sandwiches are traditional, Italian and Asian style.
He uses the Bayeux Tapestry (which he calls ''Norman propaganda''), a piece of epic embroidery, as a guide to the showdown between William and the Viking Harald Hardrada.
Concerta was developed by the Crescendo Pharmaceuticals Corporation and will be manufactured and marketed by its former parent, the Alza Corporation.
The recent shooting of Amadou Diallo still looks a lot like a moment when an image took over, with fatal consequences.
Now that Burroughs's ''final journals'' have been published, edited by his companion and literary executor, James Grauerholz, a comprehensive sense of the man and his achievement, for better and for worse, is at last available.
They're playing with tremendous confidence, playing hard and together.
His mother is an assistant to the dean and academic adviser to evening students at Mercy College in White Plains.
Bar associations have also been sued over their strict documentation requirements for students who want extra time on bar exams.
Word of mouth will become global, not local.''
At a campaign stop upstate today, he said that the first lady's health care plan would have ''crushed New York health care.''
Renteria's 13th homer off Kevin Tapani (8-9) ended a five-game homerless streak by the Cardinals, their longest of the season.
In such painful adaptations, in such intellectual struggles, Smolny may find its way.
O'Leary has one year and an option year left on a four-year contract, with $4.9 million guaranteed.
The Atlanta Braves, their archnemeses and winners of nine consecutive division championships, will not be in the World Series this year.
Such is the backdrop of the Rat Summit, ''War on Rats,'' a conference today at Columbia University where experts from academia and pest control are to meet with officials from City Hall, the Department of Health and the City Council.
''Obviously we'd like to be playing better,'' Jeter said.
Each side accused the other of trashing major institutions of government for the sake of self-interest and political ambition.
''Here's a guy who comes along and tells it as it is about New Jersey with no apologies, and yet he celebrates the way it is,'' Mr. Rockland said.
Most recently, administration officials said, they were hoping that a third country would invite Iran to a three-day Community of Democracies Conference that opens today in Warsaw.
A life of the author of ''The Songlines,'' who died of AIDS in 1989, portrays a man beset with an almost biological lust for loneliness, whose singular genius was for passionate transitory connection.
We extend our heartfelt sympathies to her children Donald, Robert, Maryanne Barry and Elizabeth Grau, grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
Spread products are better suited for tax-deferred accounts like 401(k)'s, or for large bond portfolios that are already well stocked with municipals, he said.
The Wal-Mart hallmarks for keeping costs down -- the use of cutting-edge technology, masterful logistics, reliance on imported goods and a nonunion work force -- are becoming industry standards.
The character of Margo started out as Margola Channing, the protagonist in a short story called ''The Wisdom of Eve,'' written by Mary Orr and published in May 1946 in Cosmopolitan magazine.
In addition to his son by his first marriage, Mr. Moore is survived by his second wife, Charon C. Moore; their three children, daughters Christina Sendagorta and Maria Pia and a son, Steven C. Moore, all of Madrid; five grandchildren; and a great-grandson.
Russian officers are no longer boasting that they will seize the city in four days.
If I play the way I can play, I can win.''
''I like to watch them play.
George W. Bush began filing suits in five counties late today to force them to review military absentee ballots before Sunday's deadline for certification of a winner.
Still, state officials remained sanguine about charter schools.
''That's what old guys do,'' he said.
Whatever the fugitives' ultimate intentions, officials attribute their cohesiveness to George Rivas, 30, a heavy-set, brown-eyed former auto parts store employee who had been serving a life sentence for aggravated robbery and kidnapping.
.3:46:13 6096 Peli, P, 35M .
Hours: Thursdays through Mondays, closed today, 1 to 5 p.m.
The jokes about the government using the satellites for ''Star Wars'' target practice don't seem so funny anymore.
Tom Dillon, President Joe Benincasa, Exec.
Now Babbitt finessed the diamond 10 and led a heart, scoring two diamond tricks at the finish to make his contract and save the ship.
''Obviously when we traded Mike Hampton, we created a void.''
After all, Piaf's life was a study in surreal ity and excess when it wasn't down in the depths.
Television operates to dull the senses.
Family law is generally based on Shariah, or the Islamic legal code, in Muslim countries, including Egypt.
This extroverted Mississippi-born singer, who since the 1980's has spent much of her time in Paris, where she is a big star, carries forward the vital tradition of Ella Fitzgerald, Sarah Vaughan and Betty Carter with an astonishing vitality, zest and good humor.
Dear father of Spencer (Ronnie), Pamela and the late Michael.
The women shrugged, conferred and decided.
''Speak for yourself,'' said Mr. Mollen, the baby of the group at 80.
Her mother is an executive producer for Oxygen Media, a cable television and Internet company in New York that is geared toward women.
''I was pretty ticked off, oh yeah,'' Johnson told reporters outside the Bills' training facility in Orchard Park, N.Y. ''It's not a performance thing at all, it was a character thing.
But the judge and board rejected arguments that Mr. Hernandez-Montiel was persecuted because of membership in a particular group.
The Secret Service backed off, he said, ''until we could work it out.''
Neither ABC nor Fox expects to be hurt badly on Thursday by the introduction of another strong show since neither has one that night that contributes much to their performance.
If you are a student or a single mother, you can't work many hours.''
We loved the seared foie gras in a Champagne vinaigrette that shared the plate with arugula and figs.
''We have something of related interest,'' volunteered David Wachtel, a library associate.
Ends 2-Year Sunbeam Inquiry Sunbeam said Securities and Exchange Commission investigators had completed a two-year inquiry into whether the company improperly reported sales under its former chairman, Albert J. Dunlap, and that the investigators would recommend that charges be brought against the company.
The collection was published in celebration of the 84th birthday of Ms. Stone, who is a professor of English at the State University of New York in Binghamton.
After a long and often tumultuous struggle, a bill to remove restraints on trade with China passed the Senate today in a strong bipartisan vote, giving President Clinton what he considered one of his crowning foreign policy goals.
The entertainment can be strictly avocational, like the Island Hill Chorus or the Long Island Banjo Society.
He did not know the year of his birth, though he remembered the exact weight -- 70 pounds -- he was able to carry in military gear and equipment.
The team contends in court papers that Mr. McKiernan demanded $25,000.
Admission to the Daumier show is $10, $7 for students and those over 62, and free for those 18 and under.
Mr. Schnattl's pickled tongue parfait is fascinating, based on the best beef tongue I have ever eaten (its flavor was as rich as that of pastrami).
Even the food is subject to the vagaries of fads and fashions.
Philip Guarascio, General Motors' vice president in charge of advertising and corporate marketing, is home recovering from triple-bypass surgery last Wednesday.
Adam Rogoff, a partner at Weil Gotshal & Manges who is the lawyer for the trustee, Harvey R. Miller, also a partner at the firm, said: ''We look for credible evidence that there was a contemporaneous reaction; we look for a letter to the company; for a complaint; for a lawsuit or an arbitration.
''It's such a finely regulated organ that many of the technologies that have been available to study it have in one way or other disrupted the very thing we're trying to study.''
''What Mark Morris is doing near the Brooklyn Academy of Music in Fort Greene, what the Dance Theater Workshop is doing on the Lower East Side, is what we're doing here,'' Pepper said.
To the surprise of Mr. Kostunica and some of his allies, a businessman named Dusan Zabunovic, who is considered close to Mr. Djindjic and owns an import company called M.P.S., was appointed head of customs.
At various times, investors found themselves standing at the blackboard writing over and again: I will not buy stocks with no earnings.
Serve hot, accompanied by fresh corn tortillas.
Husband of Corinne Morris (Nee Adelson).
But Mr. Liu did not suspect her.
She also makes gazpacho and conch chowder.
Police officers said the man was a Kate Spade employee.
With Mr. Graham in charge, the firm's billings grew from $2.7 million in 1980 to $213 million in 1999.
The fire at the 52,000-acre park, in far southwestern Colorado, was touched off by lightning last Thursday.
''I think now we're learning that a good defense is a good offense.
There are probably good reasons for me to be taking this.
Chateau Benoit in the Willamette Valley so prizes this white hybrid, which is partly riesling and partly Chasselas (a major Swiss grape), that it makes 7,500 cases a year, as against 1,000 of chardonnay.
Their hearty camels, tied up nearby, brayed beneath the punishing sun.
Turn off those portable generators after 9 p.m.; the children need to sleep.
The academy cited Mr. Gao for his ''bitter insights and linguistic ingenuity'' in his writings about the struggle for individuality in mass culture, including the lyrical novel ''Soul Mountain,'' based on his 10-month walking tour in China's countryside.
pilot whose plane, with 150 people aboard, was hijacked in Beirut in 1985.
In the end, the Mets were not the Subway Series' Little Engine That Could.
But as the lunch hour lurched into higher gear, the bigger eaters arrived, piling on shimmery mountains of calories.
From how I was running, I didn't see that I had that many yards.
It was Mr. Ranzal who homed in on the details that the audience wanted to hear: The typical hedge-fund manager keeps 1 percent of all the money invested and 20 percent of the gains on the remaining 99 percent.
Bonds continue to be influenced by stocks, so when global stock markets dropped before the opening of the United States market, Treasury yields fell to their lowest level in more than a week.
The tiny point size (and my struggles to align the tip of each pen exactly with the text) wreaked the havoc.
Now the cast owned the stage.
Meets Sunday at 8:45 a.m. on the southwest corner of Lenox Avenue and 116th Street.
''I'm very disappointed and deeply concerned,'' Mr. Dhlakama said.
.4:03:50 10634 Vicente, C, 34M .
The test was for the DNA, so it did not establish that the protein itself, the potential allergen, was in the taco shells.
Admit to facing a first-time seeing of ''Riverdance'' and a reviewer is peppered with advice.
They would have to wait another five minutes, but victory would be theirs.
Mr. Chretien, who has vowed to seek a third term in elections that are to be held by next June, told reporters he was not bothered by an Angus Reid poll that showed Liberal support falling to 43 percent of respondents and Alliance support rising to 25 percent.
Rather than simply selling compact discs online or putting radio stations online (the aural equivalent of adding a ''chat now'' button to a TV program), the very nature of Napster's service emerged from the Internet.
In his 1998 ''The Rise and Fall of English,'' Robert Scholes expressed the fear that English departments were about to go the way of classics departments, shrinking into insignificance, unless they learned how to change.
In the ensuing trials last year, prosecutors sought to link the British Muslims and Mr. Abu Hamza with the Yemeni extremists who kidnapped the tourists.
The film critic's tendency is to want to divide Mr. Wiseman's ''one long movie'' into triumphs, near-misses and duds.
Among its other interests, Associated was the biggest shareholder in Teligent Inc., the fast-growing wireless communications company run by Alex J. Mandl, a former president of AT&T.
He was taken to the hospital, where he was pronounced dead at 3 a.m. Police officials said Officers Caruso and Dudley did not appear to have violated department guidelines that govern situations in which officers confront emotionally disturbed people.
Heinrichs is expected to keep together the core of players who defeated China in penalty kicks to win the World Cup last July, Steinbrecher said, while adding some younger talent.
''Once I thought we should make a change, I talked it over with Bobby,'' Phillips said.
Mr. Dutcher also has reservations about signing on with netLibrary.
Greg Buxton is searching for sunken treasure of an elusive nature -- not gold or artifacts, but memories of 778 lives lost and largely forgotten in the depths of the Black Sea.
To characterize the first element as a ''distortion,'' however, requires the concurrence to second-guess the way in which the state court resolved a plain conflict in the language of different statutes.
''You've all got your minds made up: you're going to vote,'' the president said at the rally.
Sears Profit Up on Card Revenue Sears said that its second-quarter profit jumped 17 percent as credit card revenue and appliance sales increased.
Steve Murphy, a Democratic strategist in Washington, said Mr. Gore's victory in Iowa so changed perceptions that a win here by Mr. Bradley would boost his prospects far more than had he performed better in the caucuses.
With only five days left before all vote recounts in Florida must be completed, attention turned yesterday to court appeals and Dick Cheney's heart attack.
Isis Pharmaceuticals of Carlsbad is testing a topical drug.
''The circumstantial evidence is overwhelming,'' Mrs. Dater said.
''When the economy is horrible, '' said Mr. Kerik, ''people are jumping on these jobs.''
People moving here today come for different reasons.
And while there are rules to deal with such a conflict, they are rusty enough so that their application is no sure thing.
June 30 -- North Shore Pops.
Big risks, this argument goes, deserve the biggest potential reward.
''I don't have any worries about the future,'' he said.
did not renew its sponsorship beyond Sydney (the Sema Group, a French-British technology services company, will take over), it still deployed an infrastructure that was larger and more complex ''than the moon shot'' to deliver results and information by computer, said Eli Primrose-Smith, I.B.M.
But there is no nudity and again the mood is comic.
Repeal of the commuter tax had long been a political rallying cry for suburbanites, but for years their demands went unanswered.
.4:46:13 20288 St Lawrence, C, 40F .
I intend to have a long talk with Ray about that.''
Dusseldorf has shed 125,000 industrial jobs since the early 1960's.
It was only the second time the Rangers had beaten Hasek five times in a game.
Like the choice of former Defense Secretary Dick Cheney as his running mate, the evening reminded the audience that the war was the high point of Mr. Bush's father's term in the White House, without offering much of a suggestion about the policies of another Bush presidency.
Sundays at 2 p.m. and 8 p.m.; Wednesday at 8 p.m.; Thursday at 2 p.m. and 8 p.m.; Friday at 8 p.m.; Saturday at 2:30 p.m. and 8 p.m. Tickets: $36 to $60.
Time Warner and Disney Agree to a Temporary Truce Under increasing pressure, Time Warner restored the signals of ABC television stations to 3.5 million homes after agreeing to a temporary truce with Walt Disney.
The body of another, Hans Christian Ostro of Norway, was found beheaded.
New England (42), and Dallas and Colorado (40), have the edge.
.6:44:27 28749 Weissman, K, 43M .
The only place where Eddie Vaughn's name appears is on an index card, wrapped in plastic and attached to a stake.
Several Republican officials affiliated with the Bush campaign said Mr. Bush had already decided that retired Gen. Colin L. Powell would be his secretary of state and that Condoleezza Rice, who helped his campaign formulate its foreign policy positions, would be his national security adviser.
''They did score at the right time,'' he said of the Stars.
The Japan National Tourist Organization likens the consumption tax with the 6 percent or more sales taxes in many states, the value added taxes of 10 percent or more in Europe, and the New York City hotel tax of 13.25 percent.
In the final of the eight-man exhibition event, Agassi will play the winner of the match between Pete Sampras and Mark Philippoussis.
A smoker in her middle to late 20's is seven times as likely to die as a nonsmoker from pill-related clots, and the older the woman, the more smoking increases her risk if she also takes the pill.
Here was a president who trusted our system instead of conniving against it.
''I never heard of this before,'' said Ms. Donnelly.
For most Americans, the quality of their medicare care in any one year depends far more on their personal physicians than their local hospitals.
Republicans and Democrats have also agreed to expand a state program that subsidizes prescription-drug purchases for elderly New Yorkers, proposing to more than double the number of people eligible for the coverage to 220,000.
Imagic TV fell from its $11 offering price to $6.75, or 39 percent, in its first two days of trading.
Dr. Heiman, 28, is keeping her name.
The board will be asked to elect new American, British and Dutch members to reflect UBS's global reach, the bank said.
But in left-handed people, the right hemisphere controls speech and language in at least 30 percent of the cases.
He also joined Charlie Parker and Dizzy Gillespie in proto-bop jam sessions at Minton's Playhouse.
Mr. McCartney said the idea of using private citizens in this way was so unusual that the F.B.I.
The first question one must always ask about British food is, What is it?
Besides the familiar Norwegian salmon farms, aquaculture is taking hold in countries like the Philippines, Australia and Japan.
The company, which is based in Greenville, S.C., and is the nation's biggest maker of newsprint, will cut production by at least 25,000 metric tons.
The candidates emphasize some of the same issues.
People who were involved in the negotiations say that Gov.
One could also not ask for a better cast in this ''Raymonda,'' whose dancers included the majestic Sveltlana Lofatkina in the title role, Mme.
In 1918, two years before Mr. Kishkill and Ms. Gilligan were born, the city stopped delivering garbage to the island.
Mr. Berkeley did not return calls seeking comment about the old prank and his new- found honor.
My motorcycle is the only way to get around in Manhattan.
If the cafes don't leave room to let three pedestrians walk abreast, they go.
The number of sales decreased 16 percent.
Columns: Bob Herbert, William Safire.
Still, he acknowledged that the voters' anger could prove a problem if nothing is done to fix the county's finances soon.
Some of this wreckage, though not all of it, can be laid at Mr. Yeltsin's feet.
She is also a theater professor at the CUNY Graduate Center in Manhattan.
Mr. Lynne, who owns a home in East Hampton, said that Kip Bedell would remain as winemaker for five years and continue to define the styles of Bedell's reds and whites.
As many as 3,000 people have been wounded.
Portland moved past Phoenix in the Pacific Division, and is tied with Sacramento.
The earnings ceiling will increase to $30,000 by 2002 under current law.
He said if the national economy were mismanaged, interest rates could soar and the value of stocks decline.
On Saturday, with one ear on the constant television drone, I heard an MSNBC anchor say, ''Monica has been counting the votes.''
Gentry, 45, spent two-plus seasons guiding the Pistons and posted a 73-72 record.
It's as if he represents physicality in a distasteful way to the somewhat squeamish and spiritually minded Rabbit.
WITH: Peter Whitney, Rick Sherman, Marvin, Paul, Everett Shapiro, Polish Joe, Al Mappo, Margueritte, Ron Harris and Jason Rosette (Street Booksellers).
Judith Milone, director of client services for the federation, said her agency received requests for furniture every year.
It was a convenient move because CHRIS TURNER has developed into DAVID CONE's personal catcher and he started in Posada's place.
Trust took another blow today as Roland Koch, the Christian Democratic governor of the state of Hesse, announced that of 7.8 million marks ($4.04 million) illegally transferred into overseas accounts by the party, 4.3 million marks ($2.2 million) had been lost.
Cook faced eight batters and retired only one.
''I started so late because when I was out of school, I wasn't achieving what I wanted,'' Kosgei said.
When Tucker caught that slant pass in the third quarter and broke free from Giants cornerback Jeremy Lincoln and went 90 yards for a touchdown, the Cowboys were in control.
The Dortmund Supertournament this year had an unusual touch: one of the participants was a computer, Deep Junior 6, created in Israel.
This landmark rock musical about love and death East Village-style still seems to invigorate audiences with its big, harmonious score.
The Islanders killed off another five-on-three for 17 seconds early in the second period after Chara's second penalty of the game.
Still, not even she could have predicted this.
''I didn't like his picture at first, so I ignored him,'' she recalled.
The charges are based on a complaint by the sophomore; Sergeant Harry said that other team members who may have undergone hazing declined to file complaints.
I ask Kahrs, who refuses to consider himself a rival of Stolt, choosing instead to applaud all efforts at preservation.
Two teenagers had already been treated for injuries before Slipknot had even finished thrashing, banging and raging through its first song about exploding angst.
Called up LHP Bobby M. Jones from Norfolk.
This demand, however, was not enough for Malina's husband, Miroslav Popovic, a farmer from eastern Serbia who ekes out a living bringing his produce to the city every day.
Artisan, the releasing studio, ingeniously saw that the Web could be used to speak directly to an audience that is resistant to standard forms of hype.
She said Japan's leaders, including Emperor Hirohito, knew of the ''comfort stations'' for Japanese soldiers, which involved the effective sexual slavery of 200,000 or more women, by some estimates.
They cite, for instance, peer review to see how well a teacher works over all in the classroom.
''They have been in the Mets stadium and now this, since 1984.
Nauru is not a place you just visit.
It had two choreographers, Robert Garland of Dance Theater of Harlem and Robert La Fosse of City Ballet, and used dancers from both companies.
I think of us now as a kind of school, like the Frankfurt school of criticism in Germany between the wars or the neo-realist novelists in Italy after Mussolini.
''And if you stop them, they say, 'We're still running it.'
Devoted wife of the late Dr. George.
Besides Caruso, she adored Beverly Sills, Luciano Pavarotti and her favorite, Placido Domingo.
But a spokesman for Ms. Streisand, KEN SUNSHINE, said that she was serious about the four concerts being her last.
An expert on saving troubled companies, he writes with the assurance of a half-century in business.
Kirke suggested that returning to the Flyers, where Lindros has had a contentious relationship with General Manger Bob Clarke, would be too stressful for the 27-year-old center.
The paintings and drawings in his 27th New York show, which is one of his best, dispense with his usual horrific epics.
The list of 17 included the two largest plants owned by Virginia Electric, but in negotiations with the company the settlement was expanded to cover all of its eight coal-fired plants.
The former cabinet chief, Rodolfo Terragno, and the infrastructure minister, Nicolas Gallo, both offered their resignations before the announcement, the presidential spokesman, Ricardo Ostuni, said.
Survived by a brother, Al Schomer.
Opposition to Nasdaq Conversion Alan Davidson, a board member of the National Association of Securities Dealers, said that he would urge brokerage firms to vote against the plan to convert its Nasdaq stock market into a for-profit company.
KINGS COUNTY SHAKESPEARE COMPANY'S FESTIVAL, through Sunday at Founders Hall Theater of St. Francis College, 182 Remsen Street, Brooklyn Heights.
The rate of return on our investment in the system is not the proper way to evaluate it.
Where else can you aspire to earn $100,000 a year playing the wise elder to eager students for a few hours a week, get extended summer and winter vacations and sabbaticals, read and write about your favorite topics and lock in a juicy TIAA-CREF pension to boot?
A New Jersey bounty hunter searches for her mentor, who is the No.
Mr. Robb's account of these last years is an especially evocative and complex weave of the interrelated themes of Caravaggio's life: a life anchored, as Mr. Robb puts it, in Caravaggio's determination ''to be his own man, create his own life and project his own vision of the world.''
''No pretense, no manipulation,'' he told a crowd at a law school in Concord solemnly, warning that he only wants the votes of people who ''agree with the direction I want to take the country.''
I even tried locking them out once, thinking, 'Just a couple more minutes and all my problems will be over.'
Prince Charles, the country's most famous organic farmer, has found his passionately stated views against growing genetically modified crops suddenly under assault from his sister, Princess Anne, and his father, Prince Philip.
Mr. Pepper's character is referred to by his fellow Earthlings as a greener, meaning he's always looking to the other side, where the grass is greener.
Brasseries and cafes tend to stick to the classic design: ham, Gruyere cheese and white bread.
''And Bardot has been underexposed on home video,'' he said.
On Feb. 14, 1962, Mrs. Kennedy gave the country a television tour of the White House.
It was a drizzly morning just before dawn with limited visibility.
Duval said he enjoyed meeting Elway for the first time, and on Sunday the amateurs will be gone and the professionals will settle the tournament.
King George VI of England heard the song and immediately declared it was his favorite.
He says maybe one day we can cut all the strings and really make such a move.''
In the final document of this year's conference -- which was finally approved late Saturday after being held up for 24 hours by a dispute between the United States and Iraq over how to word the status of Iraqi cooperation with nuclear inspections -- nuclear and non-nuclear nations recommitted themselves to forgo nuclear testing.
Bombardier Inc. said today that GE Capital Aviation Services had agreed to buy 50 of its Canadair regional jets in a deal worth $1.3 billion and had placed options for 100 others.
I've been relating to these folks for quite a while.''
''By not asking where the wood comes from you unwittingly contribute to the destruction of the world's forests.
Experts cite a variety of causes for the recertification problem.
ANGELS 4, RED SOX 1: Mo Vaughn homered against his former team for the first time, and Ron Gant added his first two American League homers for host Anaheim.
Ms. Feldman, 60, lives primarily at her home near Gramercy Park, commuting to union headquarters in Washington.
While it has not commented on every case, the government has denied the deaths were the result of mistreatment.
With the publication of his first book, ''Paris de Nuit,'' in 1932, Brassai did more than win immediate acclaim as a photographer.
Along with the opportunity to take a flier against the odds on a sprinkling of roulette numbers, there is admittance to a camaraderie of hope in opposition to fate's negative forces.
The renowned Menil Collection of art is a short drive away.
The format fared so badly that during one ratings period, the station was reported as having no listeners.
The company served yellow drinks.
Diners curious to learn the true taste of the individual fish might try this offering.
Up to 1,000 truckers and farmers jammed traffic in the northern city of Hanover, and another 400 vehicles brought the center of Magdeburg to a standstill.
Houston was also left standing like a statue when Carter blew by him for a dunk.
The store's top shelves display goods available in 1923.
Mr. Bush's comments today in Austin, Tex., were echoed by representatives of interest groups whose fortunes are tied closely to policy set by the agriculture department.
Significantly, the Titans have won the past 15 games when George has had at least 27 carries.
Sprewell went to live with his mother in Milwaukee and adjusted to conditions once again.
player of the year award, already has wrapped up the L.P.G.A.
''The person running the ballots through the card reader was supposed to hit the 'set' button,'' said Theresa LePore, the county elections supervisor who designed the disputed ballot.
Now ''outsider'' is sometimes casually applied to any self-taught artist working off the radar of the mainstream art world.
While local, state and national Democratic officials have pledged to help her after endorsing Mr. Forbes in the primary, it is still unclear whether she will be given the hefty financial support that national Democratic leaders previously pledged to Mr. Forbes.
Dr. Sheila Mackell of Oakland, Calif., a pediatrician and member of the society, said she likewise asked patients whether they were ready for such a journey.
Emma R. Weston Emma R. Weston learned to use a computer at the age of 84.
Since the Sotheby's break with Sherry-Lehmann in November, after a five-year partnership that ended, apparently over a dispute on how to split the auction profits, Zachys Christie's, the archrival of Sotheby's, has held three New York auctions, grossing $8,099,047.
But that was last month.
The volunteers are trusted, Mr. Carter said, partly because of their independence from commercial interests.
Road Trip Breckin Meyer, Seann William Scott, Amy Smart, Tom Green, DJ Qualls, Paulo Costanzo, Rachel Blanchard, Fred Ward, Mia Amber Davis Directed by Todd Phillips R 91 minutes Sure, it sounds trashy and dumb, but try to get through this movie without laughing.
Elaine Nolan, a broker with offices in Hempstead, said she was also seeing a noticeable slowdown in the pace of sales.
The former tax collector for Tinton Falls was sentenced on Friday to five years in prison for using a forged will to claim the estate of a dead woman.
.3:44:36 5763 Adzich, M, 27M .
In 1997 he was convicted of conspiring to kill Mr. Mugabe, and a court sentenced him to two years in prison.
Just as the rain began to pour 25 minutes into her march, she began bouncing the umbrella an aide had handed her, shuffling her feet and finally swiveling her hips, to the delight of paradegoers.
Silvercup, whose studios elsewhere in Long Island City are used for production of the HBO television series ''Sex and the City'' and ''The Sopranos,'' had planned a major expansion on the Vernon Boulevard waterfront, studio officials said.
The archive of 54,000 photographs in the library's local history collection has long been known to scholars, researchers and even filmmakers, who have used the prints to create authentic sets for movies like ''The Godfather'' and ''The Great Gatsby.''
Victor Homola (NYT) SWITZERLAND: LAND MINE CAMPAIGN The global campaign to ban land mines is urging governments to take steps to pressure or isolate countries that have yet to sign the 1997 treaty banning the devices.
.4:40:33 19072 Downs, L, 40F .
board of governors approved a five-year extension of the currency assistance plan, rather than continuing to renew it on a year-to-year basis.
He nodded, barked a command to an unseen employee, made a stroke of a pen on a form and passed it to the cashier.
The Senate yesterday unanimously approved Gov.
''When we are in government, we don't get involved in private business,'' he said, his smile tightening.
Two conservatives are also running: Murray Sabrin, a former Libertarian Party candidate for governor, and Brian T. Kennedy, a lawyer.
It has been around for almost 20 years, but it has yet to address or resolve a single observational issue associated with the physical universe.
A company shipping 100 packages a month could save about $1,000 a year.
decision to reject the asylum application filed on plaintiff's behalf.''
As he built up his museum's collection, Phillips was less concerned about the actual managing of it.
Sure, I've got the scars still on my face and they will stay there, no plastic surgery, because these scars will be my testimony of God's love and grace to me.''
''But I think Quebecers do not want another referendum -- I'm convinced of that.''
I know that I saw him sometime in '92 after I became the nominee, and I know he said he was going to help us.
For the Rangers, who have made a habit this season of allowing late-game comebacks, the victory was sweet.
Before leaving town, Dr. Bierenbaum stopped in at Pietsch's to pay a bill.
How did she know that?
Mr. Bush's campaign team and his party are more rabid than he is.
When the disk is popped into the drive, an icon appears on screen.
Born in Claremont, N.H., on Oct. 2, 1930, Mr. Thibault graduated from the University of New Hampshire in 1956 after service as an Army infantry officer.
Burks, a right-handed hitter, was one of the best free-agent hitters available after Ramirez and Alex Rodriguez.
If Tampa Bay gets a quick lead, it will force the Jets to start throwing the ball more and relying on Martin less.
But Wayne Berman, his partner in the Park Strategies consulting firm, confirmed that Mr. D'Amato had introduced the two men.
The legislators, James J. Brearton and Peter Durkee, proposed the ban after Suffolk County adopted a similar one last month.
The hound didn't win her breed, but her showing encouraged her owners, the Rechler family, and her handler, Michael Canalizo, to mount a final campaign to win best in show at Westminster.
he says, and we know he means ''You got a business card?''
The United States now owes the United Nations $1.77 billion.
To the Editor: Re ''2 Salvador Generals Cleared by U.S. Jury in Nuns' Deaths'' (news article, Nov. 4): The clearing of the former generals, now living in comfortable retirement in Florida, does not clear the need for our government to pursue the truth of its complicity in the 12-year war in which 75,000 people were killed, and in which the Reagan and Bush administrations always echoed the Salvadoran government's easy explanations of blamelessness.
Waiters (or servers, as the unisexy prefer to be called) in every culture have their national phrases to accompany the placement of a plate.
He's attuned to the small acts of emotional bravery -- tasting his Korean roommate's kimchi in a quest to become a more ''adventurous eater,'' or dancing in public for the first time -- that mark Danny's development as surely as do more outwardly obvious turning points.
Selig said he was not surprised by the recent signings of several free agents to huge contracts.
Admission, $50 tonight; $5 tomorrow and Sunday; $2 for children.
The technology-heavy Nasdaq fell the hardest and had its worst year since its founding in 1971, plunging 39.3 percent, to 2,470.52.
A bristling champion of French haute cuisine, Chef Bourdin disdains both fusion cooking and mothers who phone him asking how their sons can get their own cooking shows.
The bridegroom, 38, is the publisher of PowerHouse Books, a publisher of art and photography books in New York.
''Beyond the basketball, I've always tried to make the experience worthwhile.''
And his son, it is true, often sticks to the safety of well-worn slogans; this week he is criticizing what he calls the ''do-nothing-for-people Congress.''
The man, Victor Tyson, was exonerated on a judicial finding of innocence, in which a judge, regardless of a jury's decision, essentially acquits a defendant.
On the other hand, when I opened my cabin door I was right on the deck, just a couple of steps from the rail, enjoying blue water, green hills and the sea breeze.
''The first time, all those years ago, I was apprehensive, but the Army did it real quick.''
To Marbury, it all signaled a new Nets team, a new era and a new attitude, emanating from a new head coach, Byron Scott.
Also, living in the shadow of big spenders has its benefits, like thrift shops where designer goods can be found with the tags still attached.
Washington players -- Senator Pete Domenici, for instance, who wields enormous influence over taxes, appropriations and most other matters having to do with the federal budget -- strolled around in yellow-and-purple resort duds.
Based on its closing price on Wednesday, II-VI's offer is worth $4.76 a share and Union Miniere's is worth $4 a share.
GRAMERCY PARK, an architectural tour of an area that includes the city's only private park, as well as some of its earliest apartment houses.
Air France has said it does not expect service to resume before May.
Mickey Hart, Grateful Dead percussionist, and Bob Weir, a founding member of the Dead, are continuing to live the legacy of the perpetually touring band, which was based as much on community and tradition as it was on their blues derivative music.
But the show's popularity with general audiences seemed to be inspired not only by its sexual candor but also by its provocative characters.
As friends and family converged, waiting for her reply, Ms. Wilson said, dazed, ''Does this mean I don't have to sing?''
You can say you do into the cameras, but you don't, unless you've changed your plan here on the stage.
Its product, which is also sold at specialty stores and at temporary storefronts that open just for the Passover season, was priced at $19.99 a pound on a recent day at a specialty food shop on the Upper East Side.
Doing business with Cuba, he said, is ''not as easy as it would otherwise be'' because of the restrictions.
The all-news channels and streaming Web sites suddenly had something to cut back to regularly (correspondents standing outside the hospital, promising updates on Mr. Ford's condition), a fresh bone to gnaw on (whether former President Bush should have kept quiet) and a convention floor that at long last began to go a little wacky around the edges.
I mean, doing 'Pacific Overtures' is not being in anybody's fashion.
This session appears to have been significant.
To Mr. Florio, this amounts to a tycoon risking working families' futures while benefiting his Wall Street buddies.
''I can show you how to catch up,'' he says, as the spot shows an overweight child slowly working his way to the front of the pack in a foot race.
At the company's annual general meeting last year, shareholders swamped him, seeking his autograph.
Accordingly, the above-captioned action is dismissed.
Like a gardener who doesn't overwater the plants, or a benignly indifferent mother, she is attentive to each of her creations but gives each its head; she lets them all fly free of her control while appreciating their idiosyncrasies.
Pete Gregg, a spokesman for the New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets, said the company had failed two out of five inspections that his agency had performed on behalf of the F.D.A.
3 President Clinton and the Israeli prime minister, Ehud Barak, held a final, impromptu meeting in New Tork, rounding out a week of talks.
For two banks in particular, denial of the mergers was a critical setback.
While doctors said shortly after the injury that Williams's career was in jeopardy, today's news was a bit of a surprise because Williams practiced with the Nets for three days in March.
Assisted by the singers Daryl Sherman and Grady Tate, Ms. Harrow evokes insects that are also very cool cats.
Anything seems possible as Compton picks up Frank's dope-filled shopping bag and flees.
Bring to a slow simmer.
The Healeys' children attend the 700-student K-6 Oradell Public School, a sprawling cupola-topped brick building constructed in 1929 on a large Prospect Avenue campus.
Ras Shorty I, creator of soca, a fusion of calypso and an up-tempo beat that he said represented the true soul of calypso, died on Wednesday.
Jack O'Brien, the artistic director of the Old Globe, will also direct the Broadway staging.
The law school also decided that every time a military recruiter visited the school, it would publicize the military's unwillingness to sign the school's nondiscrimination policy.
Light penetrates the top two layers, but only a portion of the color spectrum is reflected off the third layer.
But dumped on a kitchen counter, it looked like snakeskin.
American efforts to track down Mr. bin Laden include a $5 million reward for his capture.
Berkshire had an 8.3 percent stake, or almost 4.9 million shares, in Liz Claiborne, the apparel maker, at Dec. 31, which are worth about $154 million at current prices.
Pressures from the workers, who are represented by the Auto Workers' white-collar branch, have led the museum to cancel its free summer jazz concerts and to postpone several movie screenings and a fund-raiser starring the singer Sheryl Crow.
Cover: $30; $15 minimum (Holden).
Later, her mother obtained a stockbroker's license when Ms. Feiden was 16.
When Britain went to war in 1939, Mrs. Leighton-Porter's Jane began to lose her garments and the comic strip began to gain a huge audience on the fighting fronts.
The results were slightly better than analysts' recent expectations of 16 cents a share.
''The Nasdaq market is now just about as oversold relative to its two-month moving average as it was back in 1987,'' said Laszlo Birinyi, who heads his own stock market research firm in Greenwich, Conn. William Meehan, chief market analyst at Cantor Fitzgerald, said: ''We are getting close to a level where I may actually do a little buying myself, in Microsoft and in technology in general.
His compassion in word and deed will continue within all of us.
In one of the lawsuits, Jenny Lillis, a Block executive who at the time was in charge of placing advertising, testified in 1995 that ''it's the client's choice, any individual's choice, to spend whatever amount of money they want in order to get their refund money back from the government.''
''I don't want to be too superlative, but this is a terrific sign,'' Pound said in an interview this morning.
To get a feel for it, just think of driving on the outside with cars racing four-wide.
U.S. Family's records for 1999 will not be filed until November.
That should not trouble you unduly.''
Breakfasts were a highlight, with vast buffets of fresh fruit, pastries, cheeses and eggs.
An article in Business Day yesterday reported on the rise of the Fox News Network and its efforts to combat a perception that it advances a conservative political agenda.
What I didn't expect to discover was a reserve of respect for all the bad doughnuts I had once sniffed at.
Asked to recall her adolescent self, Ms. Lincoln, who is 34, said: ''I was getting into fights.
cable provides a much faster connection.)
''We have the pressure of always being nice,'' said Linda Kramer, a customer service representative in Cranford, N.J., and president of the local arm of the Communications Workers of America.
''It was saying 'Moo, don't eat me.'
After applicants finish soul-searching, they submit their answers and within minutes the software program on which Career Vectors is based delivers an analysis, including such insights as ''I may become bored with repetition and routine,'' or ''I may not think things through before taking action.''
Continuing north up the Nass Valley, the road affords some of its most spectacular views.
Because the gases that subsonic planes produce, including carbon dioxide, are released in the higher, coldest strata of the atmosphere, they may require 75 to 100 years to break down.
.4:25:33 15724 Swinkels, N, 41M .
In summer, these tasting rooms are mobbed.
Emanuel Pinez, 61, the founder and former chief executive of the company, a maker of PC memory cards in Wilmington, Mass., pleaded guilty in March to masterminding a huge fraud that made his company's stock the top performer on the New York Stock Exchange in 1996.
Even with poor ticket sales, it is rare for such a highly promoted tour to be canceled midway through its run.
There, embellishments -- meant for executives and entrepreneurs who want a place to conduct business when they are in town -- will include a business center with teleconferencing and video equipment and a terraced entertainment lounge designed by Adam D. Tihany, with a catering kitchen.
Happy because here we are.''
The preferred play had broken down, and it was up to Keith Van Horn to create another.
If one spouse is abusive or fiscally domineering, it should not be attempted, most lawyers and judges said.
The low trade that day was $110, which happens to be the price at which the stock closed yesterday.
Robert D. Mowry, writing in ''Worlds Within Worlds: The Richard Rosenblum Collection of Chinese Scholars' Rocks,'' explains: ''Like a landscape painting, the rock represented a microcosm of the universe.''
Her cancer has spread, and she attended her trial only briefly.
Sosa led off the fourth inning against Brian Tollberg with a homer to break a 1-1 tie.
A black-suit return would have given South his ninth trick, but Fleisher read the position accurately and led a diamond into the declarer's strength.
Resident of Englewood, FL, and former resident of Huntington, NY.
Holland America said that all five ships on order for delivery through 2005 will be outfitted with cleaner-burning propulsion technology estimated to reduce fuel consumption, and thereby emissions, by as much as 40 tons a week.
''Let's say a client is really wringing you out,'' he said.
The notably garlicky snails, scallops and potato cake can, I admit, wreak havoc on the digestion, but for me at least, they're worth the heartburn.
So thousands of impoverished city dwellers emerge from the darkness to dance the night away.
Penn State reached the semifinals the last time it was in the tournament, losing to Minnesota in the 1998 final.
Technically, Napster is supposed to remove the accounts of those it knows to be distributing copyrighted material.
''It's much more a part of the culture here,'' Bell said by telephone.
Mrs. Perez has become an active volunteer in the Sharing Network and reaches out -- especially to the Hispanic community -- to talk about the importance of registering to become an organ donor.
He is also survived by three step-children, Conrad M. Bessemer and Robert H. Bessemer of Pittsburgh, and Diane Carnegie Osborne of Seattle.
Beloved father of Ann Clurman and Judith Clurman Ruben.
No one in the American Catholic hierachy past or present, has been as caring and faithful a friend to the Jewish people as was His Eminence.
Owner and President of P. Feldman & Sons Scrap Metal Business.
In January, he is to begin a fellowship in pain management at New York University.
Dear brother of Rose and brother-in-law of Frank.
''Millions of Buddhists outside of Tibet have been waiting for decades'' for the blessing of the Karmapa, he said.
''When it rains, it pours.
At 15 he was apprenticed to a printing company and trained in retouching photographs.
So they bled her, applied caustics to her genitals and prescribed cold-water douches.
He will be rememberd and missed by all.
The walkout occurred at an inopportune time for the Argentine president, who is planning a trip to the United States early next week to see President Clinton and promote Argentine investments to Wall Street executives who have cooled to the country's prospects in recent years.
In a surprising twist, Ms. Nunnallee and others agree that people who drive with suspended or revoked licenses tend to speed less, run fewer red lights and commit fewer other infractions, for fear of drawing attention to themselves.
Curtis Leskanic relieved D'Amico and allowed Mark Grace's run-scoring single with two outs before getting his 11th save.
''He was more like a brother.''
Rivka Lieber of Stamford, who helped form a chapter of the Buffalo-based group SAFE, which stands for Seeking Alternatives for the Environment, said there was no such thing as a safe pesticide.
''It's gathering all the information that allows you to buy it.''
News organizations also asked a judge in Queens for permission to use cameras at a hearing for Carmine Agnello, the son-in-law of the imprisoned mob boss John J. Gotti, but the judge ruled the issue moot because Mr. Agnello did not appear in court yesterday.
Prices are for two with a midpriced bottle of wine.
''They treat Fortune 500 companies like they were flea-market stands.''
But following the lead of Japanese rivals, American automakers changed their factories over the last 10 years to align production more closely with sales.
The other nearby areas -- Brodie, Bousquet, Otis Ridge, Berkshire East -- were all open or planning to open over the weekend.
''Now comes the time when she has to talk about who she is, what kind of person she is, what she thinks about issues and what she would do as senator,'' says Randi Weingarten, president of the United Federation of Teachers.
About 400 life-size fiberglass pigs in downtown Cincinnati, where live versions were herded through the streets in the mid-19th century.
The meat here is respectable, but not much more than that.
Most of the company's day-to-day business is now handled by a member of the third generation, Charles Morgan, who has the title of joint managing director, a position he shares with Peter, his father.
He calmly explained the positions, the breathing techniques and the philosophy of yoga and meditation.
Ms. Mitchell's music comes in two packages: the gnarled, original harmonies and instrumentation of all her past albums and, now, the expensive, lush orchestral music heard on her newest record, ''Both Sides Now'' (Reprise/WEA).
He doesn't condescend or pander.
Even the top Republican rivals, Gov.
With the sophomore back on the court, the Bruins, who had limped to a 13-11 record, are 8-0.
And they are a group that might find Mr. Bush's plan for across-the-board income tax cuts appealing, he asserted.
It is Romantic, tonal, atonal, Neo-Classical, experimental, and all and none of the above.
Registration for the first two runs, $22, $15 for club members, $12 for junior and senior club members.
For Act II, the hamlet built for Marie-Antoinette in the park at Versailles became the country retreat of Violetta and Alfredo on Sunday noon.
His background, his staunch liberal independence, had played well in the Silk Stocking district.
He met privately today with Mr. Jackson, but did not return several calls seeking comment.
He is an awkward fighter.''
Even if Microsoft improves the product, PC operating systems are inherently more fragile than, say, telephone network operating systems because they have to manage a far greater variety of tasks and interact with other programmers' software.
To me, that is unacceptable.
The other films in the poll's top 10 are ''Like Water for Chocolate'' (1992), ''Das Boot'' (1981), ''Babette's Feast'' (1987), ''The Gods Must Be Crazy'' (1981), ''Shall We Dance?''
In 1991 she says of her younger self, ''There's not one cell of me the same / as her.
There are a lot of effects that help filmmakers enormously.
Ford's safety engineers, who worked for Ms. Petrauskas, were aware of the rollover issue in sport utility vehicles.
It's a cold, cruel world up here.
I purposely don't go see something for that reason.
He would do a collection based on the frenetic street style of, say, Lauryn Hill, yet what you were really looking at was a luxury label whose image had been perverted.
It has plunged to 25th in the league, averaging just 96.5 yards a game.
Brothers Linus, Rerun Unrequited love Schroeder (smitten on May 30, 1953).
In Southold, the Historical Society still holds its ''Founders Weekend Celebration'' from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. with a Civil War re-enactment and crafts demonstrations on the museum grounds on Main Road.
They will also sell one of two competing over-the-counter lice medications.
After all, the tradeoff that brought rebel rule has also translated into a measure of calm for at least one region of a country considered the hemisphere's most violent, a rugged land where assassinations and robberies that end in murder are all too commonplace.
The response was not immediate, however.
Reposing Fox Funeral Home Inc., Ascan Ave. corner Metropolitan Ave., Forest Hills, Fri., Jan 21st 34PM and 7-9PM.
She did so on those occasions over the objections of Louis J. Freeh, the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and several senior Justice Department officials, including Charles G. LaBella, a predecessor of Mr. Conrad.
''There is no trust, and people see this,'' Mr. Quayle said.
Meets tomorrow at 1 p.m. on the front steps of the Alexander Hamilton United States Customs House, 1 Bowling Green.
Debris in the pipeline was responsible for the holdup, the company said.
The short-electrode-array implant is a good thing, said Dr. Peg Williams, executive director of the Cochlear Implant Association, a nonprofit group for implant recipients, their families and researchers.
Mr. Lafer criticized management for an expensive online expansion, its disappointing acquisition of the retailer All Wound Up, its failure to justify an international expansion to Wall Street, and the appointment last year of a chief executive who left the company after just a few months.
Mr. Bush on Wednesday canceled a commercial that had been sent out to 350 television stations.
This year volunteers will be stationed in the vast entranceway, known as the forecourt, and in the Inner Gardens.
''We've had the most stable cabinet of any recent administration, so these are people who have become authorities,'' he said.
Though he was shooting only 4 for 11 from the floor, he had 11 points.
Moreover, he said, the business-judgment rule allows a co-op board to exercise extensive powers -- including the granting or restricting of the right to use common areas -- provided that the board is acting in good faith.
In the 10 p.m. program ''Talelights,'' Jay Schadler lets his diverse subjects choose him -- by picking him up on the side of the road.
The main facade has the look of the most elegant appliance manufactured this side of the Rhine valley.
He came up with the box cutter.
''He was a normal person who was turned into something else.
Such specialty banks are a key element of the economic chaos that resulted from the disintegration of the Soviet system.
Mr. Cheney said he had felt obligated to prepare for the worst during his practice debates.
202 225-7919; Fax: 202 226-0792.
He's for universal everything -- preschool, gun registration, access to health care.
For generations, the phrase It's not cricket has been synonymous with good sportsmanship.
James Vella, a Ford spokesman, said: ''The review is continuing, and no decision has been made'' about closing entirely the plant at Dagenham, which employs some 4,500 workers producing the Ford Fiesta compact.
The shuttle astronauts are taking special precautions because the solar arrays, the biggest ever unfurled in space, have a theoretical chance of causing a dangerous electrical arc between themselves and the station.
''We will meet in committee on Monday and begin our first day of full debate on the appropriate manner of selecting the state's electors.''
George W. Bush both instantly claimed that their candidate had been gaining ground.
A different three-judge panel on the court, the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, imposed the notification ban on April 18, when the public defender's appeal was filed.
''The principle of ensemble theater is to put people together over a period of time in a collective way, without the sense that the lead character in a play is the star and the smaller roles are not important,'' he said.
While it might seem odd to see the team's most visible star player left out of his normal spot, it is true that Pratt is regarded as possessing better defensive skills, having thrown out 14 of 36 base runners this season.
Mergers between Internet-only companies may also put a significant wrinkle into the power structure of a given market.
Brown scored a 9.40-second junior varsity victory over Princeton, and its novice crew won by 4.90 seconds over Radcliffe.
On Saturday morning, his aides truly sweated: A recount was under way, and Mr. Bush's lead appeared to have narrowed to just 100 votes.
Jeremy Mayfield was second, 0.854 seconds -- about 10 car lengths -- behind Burton.
''I saw the real thing on a school trip a long time ago,'' he said.
The complex was renamed Kaufman Astoria Studios in 1982, when New York City took title and leased the property to a partnership that included George S. Kaufman, Alan King and Johnny Carson.
''I've worn glasses for six or eight years, dark glasses, so getting used to the light is going to be a little bit of a factor.''
They were concerned with the serious inappropriateness of his conduct over the years, and not whether he could continue to produce championship teams.
Fausto Soriano, 60, who came from San Francisco with four friends to vote for Mr. Fox, said, ''I think this will be a cleaner election.''
''It would be great to think that's what kids want to get under the tree in December,'' said Mr. McGowan of Gerard Klauer, ''but the past has shown that what they want is what they've gotten in the past.''
Holmes gave up a bloop single to Brosius, scoring Martinez.
Counting Fun Book,'' which invites toddlers to insert the sugary cereal in cut-out holes in its cardboard pages.
But it is also sad not to share in the action and passion of your time.
A Scottish company, PPL Therapeutics, announced yesterday that its scientists had cloned a pig, creating five identical piglets.
But if you are Canadian and you have a dream, you leave.
Brooks Bitterman, Local 100's research director, said food service workers at Lincoln Center's two other large auditoriums, Avery Fisher Hall and the New York State Theater, work for Restaurant Associates, and they are unionized.
The leadership of the California movement has clearly not learned from the past.
But they didn't imagine that a 71-year-old former school librarian and former garden club vice president, a Democrat who practices pro bono environmental law in her Bellport home, would knock him off.
''You want them to listen to the radio and say, 'What's that?'
But he expects that to change over time, as Valassis turns in steady growth.
That is a really tough task.''
Before the market opened, the Labor Department reported that the Producer Price Index, a gauge of inflationary pressures at the wholesale level, dropped 0.3 percent last month, its biggest decline since February 1999.
To the Editor: As a 9-year-old girl who stayed up to watch the Oscars (Arts pages, March 27), I want to say something about Oscar.
But more is needed to meet demand.
They grumble in Polish, Spanish and hard-knuckled English.
Describing it as retro, Mr. Vincent spoke of its jazz improvisation and popular dance mode as ''not too deep and not too light.''
Without a doubt, many computer-related words -- ''click,'' for instance -- resist neat translation.
Classical footwork is at the base of his choreography no matter how lighthearted his images are in this premiere.
''I'm delighted with the way he ran,'' the trainer Neil Drysdale said of War Chant before looking ahead to the Kentucky Derby on May 6.
Ms. Ross has charged Mr. Zucker with spitefully holding guests who are making the rounds of all the shows for too long, throwing off her schedule.
In the lower-middle-class neighborhoods of Pelham Bay and Throgs Neck in the Bronx, one-bedroom apartments that rented for $500 to $600 a month in 1995 are now renting for $700 to $800, not including heat.
We human beings make a lot of the same mistakes over and over again.
The Indian government is in dire need of revenues to tackle its daunting ills, but so far the software industry is contributing relatively little to the country's public coffers.
Mr. Bush answered those thrusts with thematic responses depicting Mr. Gore as an exponent of big government.
''These things are the trend, and I just accept them subconsciously,'' said Huang Hongye, a 26-year-old event organizer waiting for his girlfriend at Shanghai's biggest Starbucks.
The dispute over the filming of the Ford commercial comes at an awkward time for the automaker, which is seeking greater public recognition as a progressive company on safety and environmental issues.
Farmers have been among the strongest supporters of granting China permanent normal trade relations, because they see doing so as giving them more access to that country's huge but tightly regulated grain market.
The ''Divorce Court'' Web site -- (www.divorcecourttv.com) -- runs a daily divorce trivia quiz and promises each winner a ''fabulous 'Divorce Court'' hat or T-shirt'' for answering questions like ''Which of Rose and Joe Kennedy's children have been divorced?''
He added that because Nazism was the ''strongest of all counter forces'' to Bolshevism, a movement with wide Jewish support, Hitler may have had ''rational'' reasons for attacking the Jews.
She was arrested on Monday when she tried to deliver gifts from the widow of the journalist Edgar Snow to Ding Zilin, another mother of a slain student.
The night editor caught it in midrun, and the headline was hastily changed to the cliched 'All Must Share the Burden' as a last-minute sub for the rest of the run.''
And it is also probably no accident that all five have previously been recorded by Barbra Streisand, whose 1963 debut album marked a historical musical moment that is comparable to Ms. McDonald's arrival.
But it was Abbott who allowed the Mets to leave Shea and happily dream of playing the Yankees.
There are stuffed toys from Pokemon, which made Mr. Kahn's company, 4 Kids Entertainment, a big winner in the toy game last year, and Mr. Kahn's very own Cabbage Patch Doll.
The online question-and-answer service Ask Jeeves Inc. said late Thursday that its chief executive, Rob Wrubel, would resign and that its fourth-quarter loss will be wider than analysts expected.
Haitians are not the only immigrants who face this dilemma.
''It's a lot of fun, and I love to dance.
Dr. Lee is accused of illegally copying secret information about the designs onto unsecure computers at Los Alamos National Laboratory and onto portable computer tapes.
Mr. Koch, who was born in Grand Forks, N.D., received degrees in drama and sociology at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where his father, also a drama professor, founded and directed the Carolina Playmakers.
In 1992, she was a Fulbright Scholar in Calcutta, India, where she studied refugee colonies.
The problem is that it costs so much money to communicate with people over the mass media.
Another reason is that deaths of all kinds tend to dip at the end of the month and peak at the beginning, especially deaths involving substance abuse.
Yet against a disciplined Butler team, Coach Billy Donovan's squad showed unaccustomed maturity by playing solid half-court defense and patient offense.
But we have to be very careful we don't add to the stigma against mental illness and make people afraid to seek treatment.''
At a news conference yesterday, Mr. Stancik denied that he was leaving, and, in an interview, said the report would ''have nothing to do with any plans to do anything I do and when I do them.''
''This is pure racism -- $12,000 of investment up in smoke because some Spaniards can't stand Africans,'' said Armon Elia Mejia, the owner, who is an immigrant from the Dominican Republic.
The kindest way of looking at this roughly patched-together story is as the cinematic equivalent of the music it memorializes.
And for the last five years or so, his vision has been so commanding that no matter who's holding down the rhythm, he has had one of the freshest, most exciting groups in jazz.
Julio Santana relieved Thurman to start the seventh and promptly walked the bases loaded before allowing Alex Gonzalez's two-out, two-run single that pulled Florida within 7-3.
''Feeling as good as I do, I'm kind of surprised I need the surgery, but I understand it's not a matter of discomfort.
There were just a handful of vendors in the early 1990's, they say, but today there are as many as 100 Dominican vendors in the Bronx alone.
Compaq has introduced a similar device, in conjunction with Microsoft's MSN service.
It's an illusion that still draws them to Southern California by the Titanic-load.
Although he stressed that cigarettes are ''incredibly, horribly bad for you,'' there are smokers who can be in relatively good health and who should maintain good health habits while trying to quit.
The council hopes the extra troops will be able to better protect themselves as well as aid workers and the people of Sierra Leone.
But he was careful to neither criticize his aide nor dispute her point.
Starting in the fall, the shop will carry other Gallic specialties, like duck and goose foie gras, truffled, in terrines, glittering with aspic or wrapped in pastry.
Even those voicing their concern the most loudly emphasize that ambulances are not wandering the city streets like ships of the damned, unable to find a port.
Motorola Corporation also is considering employing the computing center for software projects, officials said.
''I happen to think they're beautiful.''
A botched pop fly helped the Yankees score two important runs and defeat the Royals, 7-5, as Clemens lasted six innings to win.
''It's a lot nicer now than it was then,'' he said.
We are talking about the ferryboats that carry thousands of people a day from Battery Park to the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island.
The Exxon Mobil Corporation is conducting a review for the combined account of what the company calls its fuels marketing portfolio, which includes service stations and convenience stores.
Israeli officials pointed out that the statements did not go beyond established Vatican positions.
I'm totally willing to let them see my emotional life.
Larry Johnson ribbed Allan Houston about one of his commercials that appeared on the screen during a break in the action, and several players joked about the way Jahidi White, Washington's hulking center, threw down a thunderous slam dunk in front of Johnson and a retreating Marcus Camby.
Senator Allard argued that there did seem to be parallels between the Deutch and Lee cases, saying both men had ''made similar mistakes in the fact that they both had information that was very important to this country on unsecured computers.''
Mr. Lieberman's ability to rise above party politics is his biggest strength as a legislator, and he probably couldn't have learned it if he'd spent his formative years in the House of Representatives of the 1990's.
As admirably dogged as Barrett's reporting is, he undermines it with a polemical writing style.
''I'm waiting for the best offer, actually any offer,'' Philadelphia General Manager Bob Clarke said.
Asked how long he wants to keep playing and Bogues, typically, is definitive.
''There's a place up on my wall where people come in and scribble numbers between $99 and $499,'' Mr. Ashkin said.
But the village has not been at all prepared for the events of this fall: flooding so severe that firefighters have donned wet suits and swum down the street, battling the current, cars have floated away, houses have been destroyed and residents have had to be evacuated by boat.
Aspen information is displayed at www.aspensnowmass.com.
With her high-strung energy and saucer-eyed precocity, Ms. Ryder's Charlotte is upper-middle-class all the way.
Jones is limited because track and field registers on the American public radar only once every four years during the Olympics, Williams said.
On a 2-on-1 break, Laaksonen took the puck and a Vancouver defenseman deep into the corner before flipping a pass to Wes Walz, who was open between the faceoff circles.
The announcement of the opening last fall of Hedonism III, an adults-only resort in Runaway Bay, Jamaica, said an earlier Hedonism property ''has stuck successfully to its party-hearty adults-only concept through the wave of politically correct virtue which swept the 80's and 90's.''
Mr. Cosby, who has a doctorate in education, was asked to speak as part of an annual series called the Virginia and Leonard Marx Lecture, established by two Teachers College alumni in 1995.
Their impending availability even made an impact on this past winter's free agents.
It was simply 15 Manhattan club owners getting together to keep the beer flowing by programming a week of hundreds of rock bands and creating a pass allowing music fans to hear as much music as time, distance and club capacity permitted.
I've driven a few miles from the job center, and it is as if I am standing at the source of the Nile.
Award night is at Los Angeles' Shrine Auditorium on March 26.
Four and a half minutes still remained in the second quarter, but already the Lakers led by 52-30.
But Mr. Gantamirov has been a bitter rival of Akhmad Kadyrov, the Russian-appointed administrator of Chechnya, who is based in Gudermes.
Each of them faced a choice about how to handle defeat for their party's presidential nomination, and their actions during the general campaigns that followed tell us much about their commitment to their principles and to their party.
Free face-lifts, even that, sure.''
A sugar pill for the mildly depressed.
Ground Control, published by Sierra Studios; $49.95; for Windows 95 and 98; for teenagers.
Sometimes even she teases him, ''Johnny, what are you, anyway?''
It turned out to be a big case for me.
Fifth-seeded Oklahoma (25-7) trailed until Caufield hit two free throws with 63 seconds to go for a 73-72 lead.
''The numbers are in line with the fact that the economy is slowing somewhat,'' said Clifford Waldman of Waldman Associates.
A graduate of Baruch College of N.Y., successful CPA for over fifty years.
John Flaherty homered and tied his career high with five runs batted in for Tampa Bay.
In 1998, Pedro Gautier Espada, who is now a city councilman, videotaped a conversation with Mr. Rosado in which he insinuated that prosecution could be deterred if the senior Mr. Espada did not run against Mr. Rosado.
Sir Jeremy Greenstock, Britain's ambassador, called the deal a ''huge breakthrough'' and said that if it had not been for Mr. Holbrooke's determination, there might have been ''shards on the ground'' and no deal.
And today, many in his huge gallery yelled, ''Thanks for coming, Tiger,'' as he walked by, treatment that Woods clearly appreciated.
When the Long Island Lighting Company was dissolved in May 1998, LIPA assumed control of its transmission and distribution lines and KeySpan Energy took control of its five power plants.
With one of them in a speech therapy session, that leaves one teacher and two assistants for four youngsters.
His two-run single in the four-run fifth inning tied the game at 3-3.
In the 80's the most popular manga titles averaged weekly sales of well over two million copies.
The authors of the 1996 law, Senators Pete V. Domenici, Republican of New Mexico, and Paul Wellstone, Democrat of Minnesota, cited the findings to support their contention that Congress should broaden the law to prohibit all disparities in coverage for mental and physical ailments.
Hours: Wednesdays, Thursdays and Sundays, 1 to 4 p.m. 45 Macculloch Avenue, Morristown.
His report, as we expected, found no illegalities.
My wife went the smart-consumer route and took bids.
We share the repetoire, the physical library, the concerns of playing the clarinet, the working on reeds, discussing the pieces, analyzing them together.
But the explosive and random violence that secured the twins their control of London's protection and extortion rackets also meant that they and Charlie spent almost half their lives as inmates.
The ushers fear this will be their last contract, Mr. Menna said.
Mr. Leung wears a charcoal silk shantung suit with a selection of ties to make it look different each time.
The issue of vouchers is even more complex, said Mr. Cortines, who suggested that his successor, Rudy Crew, overreacted when Mr. Giuliani embraced the idea of a voucher experiment.
''Here's a New Year and a new generation.''
A driver would have to blow into the device periodically, and a high alcohol reading would set off a car alarm that would sound until the ignition was turned off.
Tomorrow LANDMARKS PANEL HEARINGS The New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission will consider several actions, including a study of landmark status for the New York Life Insurance Company building at 51 Madison Avenue in Manhattan and a vote on whether to grant landmark status to Astor Court, in the Bronx Zoo.
Wearing a gray suit and a fedora, Mr. Neumann moved haltingly with a cane as he portrayed the novelist William Burroughs strolling through radioactive rain in ''Berlin and Chernobyl.''
''They shouldn't do it,'' Mr. McGrath said the senator felt comfortable in investing in the companies, and in reversing his policy of avoiding private investments, because neither company was involved in any business concerned with his official duties.
Summertime is hibernation time in most campaigns, which candidates use to raise money and try out their fall campaign themes, preferably without too much attention.
The players the Rangers got for him did more.
This is the shared assumption and common practice in academia, for example, where students often write their own reference letters for harried professors.
He disclosed today that he is already in talks with the Milan and Madrid stock exchanges.
His wife, Rachel Kraft, said the cause was complications from lymphoma, which he developed as a result of extensive drug treatments following a successful double lung transplant in 1991.
Guzman made $5.25 million last season.
For example, sagwala murgh, a Punjabi dish of bountiful chunks of chicken breast in a piquant spinach sauce, was delicious, as was the fiery Parsi kolmino patio (big tiger prawns and sharp green chilies in a velvety tomato-based sauce with heat tempered by a touch of sweet jaggery sugar).
George J. Annas, chairman of the health law department at the Boston University School of Public Health, and Dr. Joseph J. Fins, director of medical ethics at the New York Weill Cornell Center, said yesterday that the mayor should be allowed to decide on his treatment privately.
Separately, 3Com reported third-quarter earnings that exceeded Wall Street analysts' estimates.
THE cost of their zeal has turned out to $12,500 per apartment in our building, twice as high as the estimates given two years ago by supposed experts.
The result ''is a delightful combination of retrograde pleasures (court balls, the demise of a doomed genius) and primary sources,'' Richard Lamb wrote here in 1999.
Only twice since the five-game playoff matchups began in 1984 had a No.
You join when there are challenges, to earn your position.''
He said he had gained a broader perspective on policy from his work as a lawyer in private practice, but he offered no regrets for the tax increase.
Mr. Young, who came to New York after running the trendy Modern Review, said he spent his time here ''acting inappropriately.''
''Last year, this pool was almost destroyed.
In recent weeks, as word spread about the criminal charges against Mr. Song, members of Congress and the State Department have expressed concern and China scholars have been up in arms.
As both patients are now entitled to confidentiality, I am apprehensive of conflicts of interest.
They seemed more like primordial emanations than one person's composition.
But still, federal officials say that the contributions by other programs have also been felt widely, because the widespread use of inmates on fires in California, for example, has freed civilian crews to focus on blazes in Idaho and Montana, the states that have been hardest hit this summer.
''We're scuffling, basically,'' Manager Joe Torre said.
In the main feature, Ash, the young trainer who traps and nurtures Pokemon -- and is often the star of the adventures with Pikachu -- has to stop the menacing Collector, a nasty sort who is caging up Pokemon with tremendous powers.
It is amazing that they made the playoffs considering how their weakest link surfaced during the regular season.
The Boston debate is scheduled for Oct. 3.
''I told them point blank I would continue negotiations only as long as I saw there was continuous coverage of the Mavs,'' Cuban wrote in his e-mail message.
One of these, Man Ray -- which includes Johnny Depp among its owners -- now gets more publicity, but I prefer the Buddha Bar.
Silly people (and many bright ones) like to say that it is in the nature of a libretto to be foolish.
Regardless of how the Pirros fare in the trial, and whether Ms. Pirro's political career can emerged unscathed, one poignant question is whether the two brothers will ever be able to mend their relationship.
I can't put together a $60 million payroll -- it's not there.
That's kind of the way it works out.''
Mr. Jarrett has been suffering from chronic fatigue syndrome, but it hasn't slowed down his fingers.
Dent wisely hews to the center.
The flan has been a signature at Pepolino since Patrizio Siddu, the chef, and Enzo Pezone, the pastry chef, opened in August 1999.
The suffering Christ is flanked by two saints who stand between pierced open-work columns.
Rachel L. Swarns (NYT) Compiled by Terence Neilan
Democrats maintain this would undermine the public schools.
I go over Holmes's story a last time with Longmire.
In a television interview that year, Mr. Lagos had the gumption to point his finger at the camera -- as if to point directly at the dictator -- and told him that the country had had enough of his repression, torture and executions.
The guests, who paid $50 to attend, were told that they could not tape her remarks or take her photograph.
The decision, effective in six months or less, came after a two-month review that pitted Omnicom against True North Communications in Chicago.
''If I get in the hunt, I'll start thinking about winning Sunday when I get to the back nine.''
Sometime during Mr. Reagan's presidential campaign in 1980, he said, he put a note ''in somebody's hand who put it in somebody's hand,'' asking that Mr. Reagan mention his father during a Long Island rally.
Mrs. Kogel is survived by her daughter Alice Funk of Westbury, two grandchildren, Lisa Ann Green and Andrew Funk, and two great-grandsons whom she adored.
Mr. Magnetti said he would like to use the Internet as a vehicle to unify the county and make everyone aware of what Westchester has to offer.
Europe had vowed to take the primary role in the peacekeeping mission in Kosovo after the United States dominated the air campaign last year.
If we respond to this issue and we believe that the issue is at least sufficiently raised to require a response, we've got to make the assumption, I think, at this stage, that there may be such variation, and I think we would have a responsibility to tell the Florida courts what to do about it.
It seems appropriate that he works at the Philipsburg Manor in Sleepy Hollow as an interpreter in period garb, guiding visitors through the 17th-century mansion and mill.
He received an M.B.A. from Columbia University.
Michael Ippolito, senior managing director of Newmark & Company, who brokered the Hugo Boss and ScreamingMedia deals, discerns a sociological trend, too.
Hours after Smart Alex and his escort left for the airport, Zander climbed into my lap.
Mr. Torricelli of the Senate campaign committee said yesterday that he had grown increasingly confident about a race that he long viewed as nip-and-tuck.
Mr. Alicea, who wears a solid gold pigeon on a chain around his neck, said all of the hundred or so pigeons for sale in the store were acquired in this way, although he and Mr. Romero also bred birds.
EVERY day, I thank God that I'm not an Internet billionaire, that my last name isn't Kennedy or Rockefeller and that no one is paying me $20 million to star in a movie.
''There's no longer this cataclysmic threat of a major war every day, so we have to put nuclear weapons into the background of international affairs,'' said Mr. Perkovich.
Similarly, technologies are or will soon be in place to encrypt music so it can't be stolen easily and that make it convenient to pay for just the songs you want.
They are then stored in a liquid broth kept in a refrigerator at 4 degrees Celsius.
Across the country, American cities are beginning to reckon with the destructive consequences of the postmodern spree: The detachment of architecture from the realm of ideas.
Mr. Haider, a retired general who was governor of Sindh Province until his current appointment, insisted that Pakistan made the decision based on its own security interests.
SOCCER Major League Soccer METROSTARS--Promoted Ernesto Motta to director of Spanish broadcasting and communications.
But Cherrith has never visited Joseph's home and Joseph has never visited hers.
Many engineers who might have used their skills in the high-tech sector moved elsewhere after the demise of Long Island's defense industry, he said.
Marrin and Nicholas L. Bruen, grandmother of Minet A.B.
Officers on horseback were in the stadium's parking lot, while others in plainclothes mingled around the stadium.
The Environmental Quality Review Commission reviews, analyzes and investigates all environmental impacts of applications submitted to or contemplated by the Town Board or other town agencies.
.5:33:04 26371 Nymberg, H, 34M .
-------------------- Treasury Prices Fall By Reuters Treasury bond prices weakened in thin trading yesterday, still defensive after economic data released last week raised fears of higher inflation and underscored the potential for a more aggressive credit tightening by the Federal Reserve later this month.
''People think they'll have a job in Washington if he wins,'' said Samantha Smoot, executive director of the Texas Freedom Network, a liberal watchdog group that monitors the Christian Coalition and similar organizations.
It's time to stop wringing our hands and to do something to eliminate the obstacles in our state.
''I can't help wonder if this has anything to do with why he's being detained, because I can't see anything else in his records about charges against him.''
''The real estate market is very depressed right now, along with the rest of the economy,'' he said.
So he delivered dozens of barrel planters to downtown streets in his old pick-up truck, then filled them with dirt and planted flowers in them.
''We take it all down.
In addition, Middlesex County has just completed the 136-acre Raritan Bay Waterfront Park.
They homered for Oakland, becoming the first brothers to homer in the same game since last Oct. 2 when Vladimir and Wilton Guerrero connected for Montreal.
The incident began to unfold on Feb. 8, according to the report by Columbia's environmental health and radiation safety department.
Tonight at 8, Town Hall, 123 West 43rd Street, Manhattan, (212) 840-2824.
He read a statement from the rebels saying that they had decided to free only two Europeans today.
In making his decision, the president also will take into account the threat from from countries like North Korea, the effect the system will have on arms control, and the cost of the system.
A teenage girl is tutored by her cousin in mercilessness, strategic flattery and how to crib epigrams from Oscar Wilde.
The senior linebacker Paul Miles caused a fumble, recovered the ball and ran it 70 yards for a touchdown.
But the restrictions, he said, might be considered liberal by American standards: uncut versions of ''Basic Instinct'' and ''Last Tango in Paris'' were recently broadcast in Spanish prime time.
Van de Velde could not resist when someone asked what he thought about his chances.
''And the more the idea is rounded out by description and anticipation, the more it is believed and articulated, the more possible it becomes,'' he said.
McGwire tied Barry Bonds for the major league lead with his 27th homer, connecting on a 1-1 pitch from Matt Herges leading off the eighth.
Mr. Danforth said he waited to publish his report in order not to influence the jury's deliberations.
This latter figure is Finn Bergmann, whose Scandinavian father, now dead, founded Salama, a luxurious hotel on Pelat where the island's chatty and catty expats gather.
His delay was resolved in one sense -- after seeing the board he was denied parole -- but he has spent three years in court seeking vindication.
''If you take the percent that are considered 'disadvantaged,' in the typical district, it's a quarter of their kids,'' Forgione said.
ST. LOUIS CARDINALS -- Agreed to terms with LHP Justin Brunette, RHP Luther Hackman, RHP Gene Stechschulte, INF Chris Haas and INF Chris Richard on one-year contracts and RHP Jim Dougherty, RHP Rick Heiserman, RHP John Hudek, RHP Mike James, RHP David Wianhouse, C David Benham, C Steve Bieser, C Henry Mercedes, C Marc Ronan, INF Casey Candaele, INF Luis Garcia, INF Lou Lucca, OF Glenn Murray and OF Ernie Young on minor league contracts.
I think that he was a man who carried himself with pride.
Repeatedly brushing aside amendments from its embattled liberal wing, the Democratic Party's platform committee today adopted a party blueprint that hews closely to Vice President Al Gore's centrist views on trade, fiscal policy, national defense, crime and welfare.
.4:22:12 14881 Langley, S, 26M .
And he said: ''Some teams aren't willing to join a bidding war.
''I think I'm going to bring to this airline some of the same marketing strategy that Richard Branson brings to Virgin.''
Since the St. Louis Rams, the defending Super Bowl champions, have routed the Giants in each of the last two seasons, many in the Giants organization were privately rooting that the Rams would lose tonight against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers because a defeat would make it exceedingly difficult for the Rams to qualify for the playoffs at all.
As a first step toward a comprehensive solution, I believe we should do something I called for in my 1999 State of the Union address: to end the earnings limit for Social Security retirees between the ages of 65 and 69.
BORGWARNER INC., -- Chicago, the No.
For Grace, a giant chemical and packaging company based in Columbia, Md., this is another unwanted environmental fight.
Here was an opportunity for Charleston, so immersed in its ancient history (not to say heritage), to reconnect with its more recent history as well.
''We expect to have success because we do the things it takes,'' Kurtz said.
If the company did not, he said, the court would consider what efforts Christie's had made to secure Mr. Davidge's cooperation, and if it failed, ''whether the imposition of sanctions is appropriate and, if so, what those sanctions should be.''
''I have a lot of admiration for him.
Joyous, smiling fans raised a banner saying, ''Go for Gold.''
Its top-secret listening devices can reportedly monitor almost all electronic communications throughout Syria and southern Lebanon.
Roger John Callan, who was among the passengers, but it was only to announce to his captive audience that, for a small fee, he would play no more.
''If we can get back just 4 percent on our planned consumption, we can double the savings rate.''
So Ms. Horton must often improvise.
STANFORD 82, OREGON STATE 56 Mark Madsen provided No.
White cut Colorado's lead to 28-7 with his interception return 4:13 into the second quarter, but Johnson gained 40 yards in three straight carries to score his second touchdown and Aldrich sent the Buffaloes to a 45-7 lead with his first field goal 27 seconds before halftime.
The style of the spa, which cost $1.3 million to renovate, is Greenwich, Conn., with manicured lawns, fresh flowers, wood fences and a cafe, above left, for dogs and their owners .
''But in this case, it's going to cause divisions.''
And if the buyers were finicky, the company was more so, urging owners not to allow local garages to work on the cars.
A male narrator, speaking somewhat breathlessly, reads the script as it passes.
''Sherman did a great job of running the offense.''
On the menu are memorable films like ''Saturday Night and Sunday Morning,'' ''The Entertainer,'' ''The Servant,'' ''If,'' ''Darling,'' ''Alfie,'' ''The Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner'' and ''Tom Jones.''
Thoratec, based in Pleasanton, said the deal would create a bigger company that will be more competitive in the field of making devices used to help treat heart problems.
scanner -- focused on the amygdala, a well-studied cluster of nerves that lies deep inside each brain hemisphere.
This fine group, directed by Richard Tognetti, is ending an American tour celebrating its 25th anniversary.
Look for the Tampa Bay defense to control this game and for quarterback Shaun King to do enough with scrambles to provide the victory.
''I am very scared that the same thing that happened in Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia and Macedonia will happen to Montenegro.
Though the book includes little in the way of insider information, Birnbaum clearly wants readers to know how much he is in the loop.
ABOUT 25 years ago, I got a telephone call from my friend Mike, who asked me if I wanted to go to a party at Tom Luddy's house in Berkeley, Calif.
''However,'' Mr. Verniero said in a key part of his statement today, ''the interpretation of that and other data was in dispute, the Soto case was on appeal, and other information I received was contradictory.''
Just rub a sage leaf over a slice of raw apple or pear to see how perfectly its flowery nature flatters fruit and sugar.
The deal includes assumption of about $189 million in debt.
His father said Naoya lost some enthusiasm for gymnastics in his adolescence, but Naoya himself has a different recollection.
''When many New England textile companies closed or chose to relocate in the South, we remained committed to the people in our local community,'' Mr. Horowitz said.
PAGE 6 Money and a Senate Race The race for a Senate seat from New Jersey is coming down to a stark question: Will Bob Franks have enough money to run a credible race against Jon S. Corzine.
That leaves room for plenty of playful copy meant to describe how women actually feel when they have their periods.
But Ms. Kaplan illuminates the moral ambiguity that stained the Brasillach proceedings and that makes his execution, though not his conviction, retroactively troubling.
His charge: $5 and a photograph taken with his patrons.
IT CAN'T HURT -- ''Viva La Diva: Jewish Superstars of Song'' examines the intersection of Jewishness and divadom in the performances of Bette Midler, Roberta Peters, Beverly Sills and Barbra Streisand through video clips and an accompanying lecture and discussion; Tuesday 6:30 p.m.; Jewish Museum, 1109 Fifth Avenue at 92d Street; free with museum admission: adults, $8; students and people over 65, $5.50; children under 12, free; (212) 423-3200.
Celia W. Dugger (NYT) AFGHANISTAN: RUSSIAN WARNING -- The commander of Russia's border guards warned that Moscow risks destabilizing part of Central Asia if it attacks outposts of Afghanistan's Taliban, which is accused of training Chechen rebels.
WENTWORTH TECH--Announced the resignation Phuong Luong, men's volleyball coach.
His Gators are coming off an 87-78 upset of Duke on Friday night and must calm down, rest up and prepare for a different sort of team, one that might not try to run with them the way the Blue Devils did.
1 priority is safety,'' Mr. Albano said.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation acknowledged today that electronic vandals shut down its own Internet site for hours last week in the same type of attack that disrupted some of the Web's major commercial sites.
But people like Jon Corzine or Al Checchi or Ross Perot or even Michael Huffington have done it in order to get elected, to make a long-term commitment to leadership.
Mr. Glover, 26, and Leonard Reed, 92, are to receive Flo-Bert Awards, given to those who have advanced the artistry of tap through performance, teaching and choreography.
Essentially a Tomb Raider-style game of action and exploration, Alice is as imaginative in design as it is in graphics.
In the North Carolina program, scores on standardized exams in five core subjects -- along with a writing and math test -- are combined in an index that roughly tracks the percentage of students who are performing at grade level.
It was originally owned by Cornelius Coryell, a scout for George Washington and a patriot who was captured by the British and paraded along the Delaware River as a prisoner of war.
But the police could only push the crowd a few feet away.
The reprieve will be reviewed in January.
ZERO tolerance, after nearly 29 years of maximum tolerance at Indiana University, may not have much wiggle room.
He later served as President of that organization.
The Hungarians won their record seventh water polo gold medal -- their first since 1976 -- by beating Russia, 13-6.
We were all professional librarians, and a good portion of the work I did was technology training and computer literacy.
Kevin Costner is suitably flinty in ''13 Days,'' a competent, by-the-numbers recreation of the events surrounding the Cuban missile crisis of 1962.
The result: Texans ranked first among all black fourth graders in the nation on the federally administered National Assessment of Educational Progress and Hispanic Texans sixth.
Mr. Juntikka has spent $35,000 on his latest cause, mainly for postcards, phone lines, a Web site and television ads.
She offered instead a table and set of chairs.
November 20, 1917 - February 4, 2000.
Activated LHP Mark Holzemer from the 15-day disabled list.
''These were significant cases,'' said Robert M. Morgenthau, the Manhattan district attorney.
The surplus projections being used by the candidates -- those developed this summer by the Congressional Budget Office -- assume that government spending will grow at the rate of inflation.
As a train arrived, I spotted the conductor and yelled, ''I'm the boot guy.''
An outfit for the baby, running shoes for yourself?
That is what Katie Feller, a third grader at the Chatsworth School, said she would tell the Chappaqua gathering.
.3:33:52 3840 Pelc, A, 42M .
As an older sister or the older brother, you roll with the punches.''
His two-round total of 131 gave him a one-stroke victory over Jim Ahern.
Moreover, an August unemployment rate of 4.1 percent, close to a three-decade low, has made most Americans confident enough to buy homes.
Referring to his creatively expanded instrumentation, Bruce Boyd Raeburn of Tulane University wrote ''He has infused these songs with a new vitality, not only rescuing them from obscurity but also adding l'esprit DuBois.''
If Ms. Harries's voice strains in this big house, the white heat generated elsewhere made its effect.
BEFORE Congress adjourns next month it may vote on a bill that would prohibit state and local governments from passing food safety laws that are tougher than federal laws, as well as void any such laws that already exist.
It is unclear how his presence in New York will improve his business.
In a matter of months, Turner, 31, went from a Pro Bowl player who last season was a contributing member of the Raiders, to recently losing 70 pounds from his 215-pound frame.
The farm came with a chicken coop, barn and other outbuildings.
Ken Griffey Jr. had three hits, including a solo homer, and Alex Ochoa had a single, double and triple as the Reds overcame a 6-2 deficit.
It runs a day-care program and houses an alternative high school ''for kids who haven't made it in the regular system,'' Mr. Oulahan said.
''Previously the bills passed in the Assembly and the Senate and Governor dumped them, but they realized they couldn't run again successfully without supporting these measures.''
He added that many of the actors he has worked with, including Frank Avellino, who is directing ''Oliver,'' are now close friends.
Mr. Putin must now gather 500,000 supporters' signatures by Feb. 13, a task aides said will take but 10 days.
We passed many buildings he had helped build: the museum, a health center, a tribal administration center.
The towers enclose a sliver of empty space above the jazz theater.
''I take that off the table,'' Mr. Florio says about the Republican idea on the tape.
I'm a girl, and he's a boy.
But it will need just as much money if Mr. Gore's plan isn't put into effect.
For all of his well-known forays into Silicon Valley through the years, Mr. Gore is seen by Republican executives as being close to two institutions despised by Silicon Valley, unions and trial lawyers, and as being emblematic of the type of big government involvement in business the valley abhors.
Moviegoers can find Terence Stamp rocketing to Mars, Christine Baranski hanging out in Whoville and Jeremy Irons battling evil in a fantasy empire.
Now, six years later, there is not a trace of the old drug-using, prostituting, generally messed-up Debra in the whirlwind of achievement she has become.
Jordan recalled: ''I came in early this spring, I saw him, you had to ask, 'Was he ever ill?'
Admission is $2.70, at 1,875 lire to the dollar, and reservations are recommended from (39-06) 772-6641.
''This has shaken almost everyone responsible for engaging the epidemic,'' Judge Cameron, who is infected with H.I.V., said of Mr. Mbeki's stance.
He was one of seven African presidents who spoke today.
Mr. Levy had founded a pioneering degree-granting jazz program at the New School in New York.
And I said, ''Do you know who I am?'
Then Gilbert's meek, devoted and long-suffering wife, Lucy (in a poignant performance by Lesley Manville), drags him to a Japanese exhibition in London.
The remaining members last met in 1997, in a banquet room atop the Transamerica Pyramid in San Francisco, to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the founding of Fairchild, organized by Mr. Moore.
Mr. Morales also was known as a salsa and meringue singer who recently released his own compact disk.
They're constantly finding reasons to not like them.
Everywhere, the reasons are the same.
''It's as simple as fourth grade arithmetic,'' said Mr. Platt, who learned his percentages in South Carolina.
Ripken has played in 17 consecutive All-Star Games, starting the last 16.
He was a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, President of the Industrial Relations Research Association, and Charter Member of the National Academy of Arbitrators.
The sales staff did just that, executives said, lifting the rate for a 30-second spot nearly 20 percent.
Back up only the ones you would hate to lose.
A senior security official said Mr. Razek was a gunman with Mr. Arafat's Fatah organization who personally took part in five anti-Israeli ''events'' in the last six weeks.
Japan's government said it was worried that a proposed tax on banks by the Tokyo metropolitan government was unfair and would undermine the city's status as a global financial center.
I think it might be in Al LoCasale's office now,'' he added, alluding to his longtime executive assistant.
The regional map, as far as every Palestinian is concerned, cannot be drawn before borders are determined as part of the peace talks.
in 1997 and has played the past two years for the Colts at both running back and on special teams.
''They did make progress on that front.
''It bothers me that nobody seems to be giving us credit for even trying,'' Ms. McGraddy added.
The cult of the missionary had begun in earnest in 1794, when the London Missionary Society was founded on a wave of evangelical enthusiasm, to select honest ''craftful'' men with useful trades to spend the remainder of their lives enduring isolation, rebuff, danger and discomfort in hope of bringing the Word to hundreds of millions of benighted heathens.
In fact, the study found in the two weeks that ended on Oct. 8, Planned Parenthood's expenditure of $1.46 million actually exceeded the amount paid out for commercials by the Democratic National Committee.
Since the Vietnam era, the Army has deliberately transferred soldiers with specific skills to the Reserve, especially doctors and nurses, press officers and civil affairs specialists who serve as liaisons to local communities.
Edward Curran, the director of the Energy Department's office of counterintelligence, said in a statement today that ''at this point there is no evidence that suggests espionage is involved in this incident.''
learn theater best by just doing it.
A week before she had to move out, she said, with nothing in sight, she started getting desperate, ''begging for something that's $700 and the worst thing I've ever seen.''
''We're blessed we're still alive and that people want to come and see us,'' said the former Beatles drummer, who sang the classics ''Yellow Submarine'' and ''With A Little Help From My Friends.''
To delay may mean to forget.
''Eighty-eight cents for Perdue chicken,'' she said.
No degree of education, intellectual achievement or common sense in other realms of life seems to correlate with it.
Alonzo Spellman, the Dallas defensive lineman, and Minnesota quarterback Jeff George, each with 4; Baltimore receiver Qadry Ismail (3); Washington receiver Michael Westbrook and Oakland running back Tyrone Wheatley (2 each), and Washington running back Stephen Davis and Chicago receiver Marcus Robinson (1 each).
A native of Long Island, he studied briefly at the Berklee College of Music in Boston.
Three of his friends began twirling on the floor.
Of course, such first impressions come loaded with caveats.
Most of the cemeteries were in the shtetls of Poland, Ukraine and Moldova.
When Mr. O'Melia died in 1960, Mr. Gallo succeeded him, then quit because he was tired of criticism from the managing editor, Robert Shand, who wanted him to ape Mr. O'Melia's delicate style.
In an interview, the health commissioner, Antonia C. Novello, said her department was committed to rooting out fraud.
''The point is that because you've rented it on VHS doesn't mean you wouldn't go back for the DVD,'' Mr. Durkin said.
Mr. Serkin certainly likes this piece, and his enunciation of the fugue elements in the finale was an act of wondrously determined pianistic skill.
will stand the test of time.
The clear implication is that, were the truth known, we might well be killing many innocent people.
These are the wild celebrations -- sometimes beyond the control of the police -- when the national soccer team scores an important victory against a foreign competitor.
Presumably for that reason, Mr. Bush's chief spokeswoman, Karen P. Hughes, issued a sharp warning after Ms. Harris spoke.
''For somebody to say that they were separated or at each other's throats is just nonsense,'' Mr. Smith said.
''People are finding that mass media can't satisfy their spiritual needs.''
''He has proven that he can put the good of the country as he sees it ahead of partisan politics,'' Mr. Giuliani said of Mr. McCain.
But he added that many of the repair projects that had forced station or track closings had been completed on time or ahead of time.
''He was emaciated, frail, such a little man,'' recalled Tamar Toister, the public defender who was assigned his case, one of seven she would have that day.
Despite such discrepancies, the choral lines were exquisitely balanced at cadences, and they blended well.
An impasse over three Leon County votes, cast by State Department employees abroad, showed the level of minutiae involved in the count.
If there have been Perry Mason moments in the legal war over the White House, this was more like a Henny Youngman moment.
Mr. Cardenas is a distant third.
But the president first wanted to evaluate whether the reduced violence was a trend or just a respite, the official said.
The 22-year-old son of the former major league outfielder Tony Armas, allowed just one run.
Memorial service will be held at DeVol Funeral Home, 2222 Wisconsin Ave.
It was difficult to say what many of the characters were meant to represent and even whether they were supposed to be animal, vegetable or mineral.
Tomorrow night brings the Carmen Cortes Company, including Ms. Cortes and Rafael del Carmen, in a New York debut.
That may be meager protection, but it's drawn court challenges from irate snoops.
Io's Potent Moondust On Earth, a major volcanic eruption can spew billions of cubic yards of ash and dust into the air.
''I feel I need to defend myself,'' Johnson said.
J. P. Hayes set today's early standard, carding a bogey-free seven-under-par 64, which put him one stroke ahead of Robin Freeman and two shots ahead of four players, including Freeman's brother, Jeff, a club pro.
Yet the House swatted the alternative aside, demonstrating that a large majority of members were less concerned with rescuing family farms and businesses than with enriching their wealthiest supporters.
Temple Coach John Chaney removed Sanchez from the game after the play.
''We're spending about 45 percent less online this year because last year was a much more expensive media marketplace,'' Jim McCann said.
It took three years of planning and a financing structure that required state and city subsidies, the creation of a nonprofit corporation to issue $31 million in tax-exempt bonds, and a city guarantee for the bonds.
While I resent these kinds of tactics, I don't think many of these defendants, if given the Miranda warnings, would have shut up or asked for a lawyer.
On the other, a student with nothing to lose, tired of the small-town oppression that has been his only lot, trained to understand that breaking the regime may involve absorbing its blows, convinced, as an Otpor sticker put it, that Serbia had reached a point of Sad ili Nikad -- Now or Never.''
The schools are facing an $80 million deficit.
Five years ago, the chairman of Deutsche Bank, Hilmar Kopper, played a key role in pushing out Daimler's last chief executive, Edzard Reuter.
One thing the group found was a rigorous program of training, one that has turned out world-class dancers like Jose Manuel Carreno of American Ballet Theater and Carlos Acosta, now with the Royal Ballet.
But treasures are also tucked among the trees or buried under the sand.
He said he did not know whether the high-risk category was made up of more blacks than whites.
Since then, tight economic policies by the government of Prime Minister Costas Simitis, above, have enabled Greece to fulfill the membership terms of the monetary union.
There's no other sound like it.
Hugh Carey during the days when New York City was on the brink of fiscal insolvency.
When New Rochelle began its first major urban renewal program 40 years ago, about 100 enterprises and more than 1,000 residents were threatened with displacement.
Finding a restaurant in boomtown New York where the waiter doesn't pop the question has become increasingly difficult, so much so that when I was at La Cote Basque last weekend and ice water appeared without question, I thought I might offer to chip in on the waiter's mortgage.
''Under his leadership since 1991, the Russian people have faced the unprecedented challenge of creating new institutions and building a new life after decades of corrosive Communist rule,'' Mr. Clinton said in remarks at the White House.
Legrain is the magic name.
''We used to have to chase them off.''
''It's clear we're going to beat the numbers by more than we normally do.''
He had difficulty breathing three months ago and was treated at the same hospital, in Gainesville, Fla., which is about an hour from his home in Hernando, Fla.
Several of the band's numbers, including ''Hoo Doo,'' the story of trouble found on the gritty streets of New Orleans, have been featured on MTV's ''The Real World.''
''Vital Signs: Drawing as Inquiry'' is at Creative Arts Workshop in New Haven through May 26.
COMMUNITY THEATER OF MORRISTOWN Paula Poundstone.
Also, some genetically modified seed can be left in barges or trucks that are later used to carry nonmodified crops.
I had a low opinion of myself -- like so many young people today.
Then they would present the animal with the tone (to retrieve the memory) and a drug that blocks protein synthesis.
Butterworth was sailing as if he had a lifelong knowledge of the Hauraki Gulf, which of course he has.
Every part of my game was down.''
United States trade officials, who had asked for an extension, had already agreed with the European Union, which had brought the complaint that the United States Foreign Sales Corporation program was an export subsidy that violated global free trade rules.
Or maybe a man will win because ''Survivor,'' while more elaborate than ''Millionaire'' or ''Jeopardy!''
These are skills that most slaves to packaged food from the grocery store miss.
The actors wear headsets with microphones and funny hats.
McNair took just a few warm-up tosses before entering with the Titans trailing, 20-16.
The letter was signed by Jackson and Charles S. Farrell, the director of Rainbow Sports, which promotes sports opportunities for minorities.
The studios of WMUR, the local television station, in converted warehouses down by the river, are a must-stop for all the candidates, the site of many debates.
He went to a poll worker and asked for a new ballot, but he said his request was denied.
And because control of the exchange rests largely with a group of agricultural traders who favor the auction-like style of open-outcry trading, exchange leaders have had to confront some difficult choices.
once put it, they are relatively ill-housed, ill-clothed, and ill-fed.
The group has long been demanding a sanctuary in which to hold a ''national convention'' that would pave the way for peace talks.
Under the president's proposal, Medicare would pay half of a beneficiary's drug expenses, up to certain limits.
She started to cry but would not let herself.
Ms. Heller sent back a message saying no.
Using Your Noodle FOR those interested in exploring Asian noodles more extensively, here are four reliable guides.
If their boyfriends or husbands abandon them, they'll harvest apples or tend goats to get by.
Next month, she is to join the San Francisco office of the Securities and Exchange Commission, becoming a lawyer in its enforcement division.
For G.M., the advantages appear to lie in gaining access to Fiat's small-car technology, with the possibility of acquiring all of Fiat's car business.
Kansas State 29 Nebraska 28 Quincy Morgan caught 7 passes for 199 yards and 2 touchdowns and Kansas State (No.
Hank was a loyal, generous, and wise Trustee.
Ms. Mitchell's interpretations of both songs are as deep and somber as Lady Day's.
Needless to say, I was practically trembling in anticipation.
Federal data shows that most tire-related deaths in Explorers and other sport utility vehicles occur because of rollovers.
This set up a playoff game 45 minutes later; Brewster won, 14 to 4, getting 12 runs in its last three at-bats.
It survives only at the fringes of the repertory.
''My experience says never say never,'' he said.
Additional money was raised by another powerful Phoenix businessman who served as a big benefactor, Charles H. Keating Jr., the corrupt savings and loan operator whose ties to Mr. McCain continue to haunt the senator.
But because Maurice Richard's funeral is tomorrow in Montreal, the meeting has been postponed indefinitely.
He argued that the unbalanced nature of the conflict was awkward for Israel, which clearly has superior military power and the technical means to do far greater damage.
Shares of China Unicom Ltd. rose 8.9 percent, to 16.80 Hong Kong dollars, or $2.16.
Until a few months ago, Mr. Galano said he believed that he had a publishing deal with the Aperture Foundation in Manhattan.
''We have no desire to keep things that don't belong to us,'' Mr. Posschl said.
In a press release, LVMH said it aimed to combine Gabrielle and Donna Karan International and that it expected that Ms. Karan and her husband ''will exchange a significant portion of their DKI shares for, and purchase additional stock in, the combined entity.''
The public will be able to use about two miles of riverfront right away.
''She puts a good face on it publicly.
Salinger and ''The Invisible Man'' by Ralph Ellison -- all prompting some parents to complain, but the Jesuits held firm.
''We got so many people to get behind this and donate equipment and facilities,'' he said, ''based on me and Tim Orr telling people what we wanted to do, which was make a low-budget film that is far on the other side of the planet from 'Clerks' and all these other low-budget independent films that come out, to which we find no emotional attraction at all.
Also, with an impending transition of power from President Hafez al-Assad to his son, Syria may well not want a new fight.
She resided in New York City and worked at Windham House; The Chapel of the Intercession in the Washington Heights area and founded the Chapel Club there.
He said he did not know the Owens boys were living next door.
.3:32:13 3584 Rubas, J, 50M .
Within five years, 50 million Indians, who read and write English and have office skills, will be ready to sell their information work to us at bargain prices.
If we win the N.I.T.
www.skiing.com: Unlike many other sites, this one from the Resort Sports Network, a private company, includes dozens of international ski areas.
Bob Wickman, the Indians' seventh pitcher, worked the ninth for his 14th save.
A group of residents is trying to stop the project and its six new buildings.
Juilliard Theater, 155 West 65th Street, Manhattan, (212) 769-7406 (Dunning).
But there is no mention of Alaska.
At 13, Mr. Drew had his first solo show, at the State National Bank in Bridgeport.
Mr. Dassin had regarded MGM, where he had worked for much of the 40's, as the plushest purgatory.
Ninety percent of boxers go in with something wrong with them.
On several other occasions he acted in New York (with his one-man show, ''Viva Vittorio!
Among the physicists, mathematicians and metallurgists in the group, Mr. Grinich was the only electrical engineer.
Somber and contrite, Checketts said that his pivotal flaw was in trying to protect everyone from the truth.
Judy Levering, president of the tennis association, said that in considering the statue's nudity, the committee ''felt that Eric very tastefully handles that and we were not upset about it.''
Restricting the comparison to those with similar choices helps solve the selection bias problem because these students were equivalent in the eyes of the admissions committees.
Also because San Diego borders Mexico, many Mexicans drive over every day, but would not be counted in the Census numbers.
Appearing at a senior citizens center in Buffalo yesterday morning, Mr. Lazio responded vehemently to the suggestion that he was breaking the agreement.
The outrage among Republicans was only aggravated Thursday, when Mr. Sullivan refused to reconsider his no-new-budget stance.
Add salt and pepper and, if mixture is too thick, some chilled tomato juice.
He added that there had been no official change in China's policy that Taiwan accept it is part of China, but ''somewhere in China's position there's room for dialogue to start.''
It's just wrong for seniors to have to choose between food and medicine while the big drug companies run up record profits.
A federal appeals court's split decision on whether to grant a death row inmate a new hearing means the state is permitted to proceed with his execution.
That said, electronic music has thrived better in pop, probably because pop is electronic by nature.
He contributes to both parties.
On July 17, the Yankees trailed Philadelphia by 6-1 in the ninth inning, scored five runs to tie, and after Rivera allowed two runs in the 10th, the Yankees scored three in the bottom of the 10th to win.
I begin my inward journey by writing about place.
Mr. Pataki can begin to repair his national reputation by immediately offering legislation putting New York in line with states like California and Connecticut, which automatically put all recognized presidential candidates on their primary ballots.
Ms. Harrison not only dwells on the painful ritual of foot binding with almost voyeuristic fascination, but she also resorts to contrived plot high jinks and willfully sensational set pieces to move her story along.
''Maybe the economics don't work for them to buy a source, but Perrier and Danone are doing it all over the world.''
But I certainly would have consulted with governors and elected officials before I would have acted unilaterally.
.4:11:49 12434 Minzlaff, A, 50M .
Tim Jacobi, 32, laid off on Tuesday after two years as a Coca-Cola marketing manager, was more sanguine.
''We concentrated on stopping the run,'' Packers defensive lineman Russell Maryland said.
Many political professionals say that running a competitive campaign essentially means giving up your job for a year.
But hospital executives love the volume.
He said he knew nothing about the state fine.
Mike Bordick scored both runs for Baltimore, which used solid pitching to win after scoring 31 runs in its previous three games.
You're not going to get the flip of the coin.''
The deficit with Mexico fell to $1.5 billion.
But the strikers, true to their anarchist core and lacking vision of an alternative, continued to resist.
Maggette made the admission in a sworn statement, announced by Duke officials yesterday, that they sent to the United States attorney in Kansas City and the National Collegiate Athletic Association, which could order Duke to vacate its runner-up finish to Connecticut in the 1999 N.C.A.A.
How to deal with changes at work and in life in general.
So do cows and pigs if they drink river water.
Her mother is an administrative assistant at Benjamin Development, a real estate company in Garden City, N.Y.
She started to attack Hingis, breaking her at 3-1, and then, when Hingis was serving for the match at 5-4, Seles battled to force six break points.
''In Cleveland it was the foundation of everything they've been able to do there.
I made one move when I went up over John Amaechi and when I landed it felt like a million pins were inside my knee.
But no sooner had a new batch of shirts been printed than a letter arrived from the White House saying that use of the presidential seal was protected by government statute.
(''Until I met you, I was the kind of person who wouldn't go swimming until 30 minutes after I ate.'')
This court cannot review evidence de novo, substituting its own opinion of the facts and credibility of the witnesses for that of the trial court.
He discovered Indian music around then, but his works of this period more strongly reflected interests in Renaissance and late Romantic music.
''The F.B.I., the Energy Department, the Justice Department all share the responsibility for the poor handling of this matter from the beginning, dating back to the early 1980's.''
Well, that's Bush, isn't it?
Mr. Russell Beale does what he can about this, suggesting a certain insecurity behind the posturing and even finding a touch of pathos in George's devotion to Suzanne Burden's chillingly exquisite Mrs. Fitzherbert.
Chill until ready to serve.
In response in part to the findings, the Mexican government unveiled a proposal last Thursday for the creation of an expanded preserve -- already ardently contested by some local residents -- that would be more than three times the size of the current protected areas.
Robert Baxter, senior vice president and chief financial officer of Odyssey Network in Studio City, Calif., a subsidiary of the pay-television company Crown Media Holdings, relies on Hoffman Entertainment for help in revising his company's travel policy in order to get cheaper fares.
So we should plan accordingly to be really effective in marketing ourselves.''
In Europe, an artist can embody the aspirations of a nation; in America, an artist is an entertainer with ''eccentric foibles and extravagant needs.''
But people close to Mrs. Clinton said that her lawyer conducted a deliberately open auction in part to ensure that the advance paid represented the market value of the proposed book, rather than any special arrangements with a supporter or someone seeking a political advantage.
Several years after settling into their four-bedroom 1827 Greek revival home on 1.5 acres 40 miles from the Canadian border, they said, their rural serenity was shattered by a neighbor playing amplified Christmas music on outdoor loudspeakers, blaring intermittently every day during the holidays.
Beloved wife of the late Vincent E. and sister of J. Clement and the late John C. Sweeney, and Maree Bock.
Because an annual building cap of 185 houses took effect last year, about 200 new houses are going up now, compared with 287 in 1999 and 336 in 1998.
''He would bring back some credibility, some respect for the veterans.''
Since December, Iraq has been allowed to sell unlimited quantities of oil, although earnings are monitored and expenditures controlled through a United Nations escrow account.
Buck, who calls Cardinals games with his father, Jack, said, ''If Mr. Wolff or Mr. Scully step into the booth, I'd be glad to step aside.''
''These men live and die for the institutional church.
Not having secured shelter made me feel flawed, embarrassed in front of myself.
William F. Dowling, one of New Britain's new owners and a former Yankees executive, called the quality of baseball in the independent leagues ''glorified American Legion.''
Some months later, a press release reports that the case was presented to a grand jury, which refused to indict.
But many considered the use of the reserves as a necessary and practical measure.
Medical-service spas are already a fast-growing niche.
He then struck out Henry Blanco and Lyle Mouton, raising his season strikeout total to 33.
That big bonus was dangling out there last year when Charismatic, a strapping red-tinged grandson of Secretariat himself barreled out of the chute for the fifth time in 64 days.
Palace officials said they did not even know Abdullah had gone out until he returned and told them about his day.
June 29-July 30: ''The Beauty Queen of Leenane.''
To the Editor: Re ''The Clinton Legacy'' (front page, Dec. 24-28): The assessment of President Clinton's record raises the intriguing ''what if'' question.
No invitations to the crowds flying overhead in circles -- I mean, foraging -- for the last marked-down designer backpack.
Based in Hackensack, N.J., IDT is the communications carrier that pioneered new services including phone calls over the Internet and call-back -- a service that allows people overseas to slash the rates they pay for international calls by routing them through the United States.
Robb Pruitt of New Rochelle, who is currently the voice of the blue M&M, said: ''Nearly every actor, even if they've played a Broadway show, desires or needs to do commercial work to supplement or make their income.
Suddenly, Tina Turner was hip.
Late tonight, Russian news agencies were quoting Interior Minister Vladimir Rushailo and Federal Security Service officials as saying they had the description of two suspects in the blast, both men in their late 20's.
In Nathan's case he wrote a scandalous book, was accused of being a self-hating Jew and was disowned by his father.
In the 1970's he preached Marxism to intellectuals, while encouraging Shona rituals to win over the rural masses.
The importance of this case is at least equal to, if not greater than, those landmark decisions.
Dial up the show's hot line for would-be contestants, and the first thing you will be asked is to disclose your gender.
Rising fuel prices are not good for any consuming economy, but Asia's growing dependency on oil is not yet large enough to do more than trim growth rates, analysts say.
In California, critics have long contended that the injunctions infringe on civil rights by enjoining certain people from legal activities.
Mr. Gravano and the members of his family, as well as Mr. Papa's mother, Maryann, 44, were among 36 people arrested in raids on Thursday in connection with the Ecstasy ring.
Borders Group Inc. said yesterday that its fourth-quarter earnings increased 14 percent as a major redesign effort helped produce strong sales at its superstores.
INSIDE TRACK: All that the market can bear.
''Drug abusers share needles because our prescription-only law has made it an expensive black-market item.
At the end of the year, Mr. Stansky had 27.1 percent of the fund's assets in technology stocks, up from 22 percent at the end of September.
There are even some signs that Mexican banks are slowly getting back into the credit business.
It will become bedrooms when the children are ready for their own rooms; at that point, the room they share upstairs will become a new office.
Because of difficulties in executing the design's length of steel, the piece took three tries and seven months.
But they underestimated the rise in expenses.''
.3:32:50 3698 Snel, J, 52M .
But they have typically constituted a small subset of the racing-game genre: Test Drive III, the Carmageddon games, The Streets of Sim City, and Driver.
EXPOS 10, ROCKIES 4: Lee Stevens hit a three-run homer and Michael Barrett had a two-run double to lead the host Expos over Colorado.
I lost my wife and I lost my car.''
Morris Inc., 21 East Deer Park Road, Dix Hills, New York.
There were an estimated 50,000 Chinese used as slaves in Japan and, in addition, 10 million or more who worked as forced laborers for Japanese companies in northwestern China, which was occupied by the Japanese for 14 years.
The DiMaggio items include what is reputed to be the last home jersey he wore before his retirement (projected to sell for a minimum of $130,000), one of his last pairs of pinstriped pants, a driver's license, passport, MasterCard and Screen Actors Guild card.
Saturday at 8 p.m. Tickets: $25 and $28.
At the 1972 Games in Munich, John Akii-Bua of Uganda set a world record in 47.82 seconds.
Mr. Lazio supports a $1,000 job-creation tax credit, but has generally emphasized broad tax cuts as the way to spur economic growth.
This film is rated PG-13.
Marching along that counter will be high-shouldered bottles of perfume, cologne and after-shave.
I don't get the feeling that personal relationships are as deep and as sentimental as in Vietnam.''
For those with an interest in seeing a dinner-theater version of ''Eyes Wide Shut,'' then look no further.
Preston's account, compiled from the many letters, diaries, and memoirs by European survivors of the siege, captures an odd strain of mordant humor -- the awakening of a distinctively 20th-century sense of the absurd -- as 18 Western nationalities crowd into ever-contracting quarters, surviving on horse, pony or mule and rice, washed down with the French Legation's ample stocks of Champagne.
As gigs go bad, or don't go at all, the stage gimmicks and corporate weaselry that bands like Spinal Tap depend on to generate the effect of spontaneous hysteria at their shows start to clamber into the foreground.
The share price has more than doubled, to 183.5 pence, or $1.25, since he bought the shares two years ago at an average price of 67 pence.
It could even be Mary Pierce's.
If the Knicks are able to swing a sign-and-trade deal for Hill, Sprewell is the likely choice to be moved.
A trombone solo is oddly stuck in the middle of a shambling country-rock tune; lush string orchestrations, Floyd Cramer piano chords and steel guitars, the ghosts of her Nashville past, are matched with self-consciously low-tech rhythm machines.
She graduated cum laude from Harvard University and received her medical degree from Yale.
The administrators have also formed a partnership with the Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts in Moscow.
Chase Securities and Salomon Smith Barney, joint leads.
''He's home,'' said Brian Jordan, an African-American, a college man, a leader in the clubhouse, either meaning Rocker plays for the home team, or appeals to a nasty strain of Americans.
Her face is grimier than we've ever seen it, but her nose also seems beakier, her cheeks more withered, her eyes more bulbous.
Mr. Bradley has now raised more money in California than the vice president.
If the Patriots wanted Belichick so badly, these team officials said, why begin the interview process with Kubiak and others?
''I made a U-turn and pulled into a friend's restaurant, then got ready to work,'' he said.
.3:42:35 5397 Mendoza, L, 35M .
Parents who meet her see a young woman, she said.
Either way, Mr. Friedman is worth the wait.
The yield on the Treasury's 10-year note climbed to 5.85 percent, from 5.83 percent on Thursday, while the price, which moves in the opposite direction, fell 5/32, to 99 8/32.
We should think of architecture as a supremely interactive art -- a participatory medium that transforms configurations of scale, dimension, shape, proximity, space, time, energy, cultural meaning, economic value and land use.
What stops professionals like me from making the leap are the unlivable starting salaries and the daunting working conditions and bureaucracy.
Viewing will be at Benta's Funeral Home, 630 St. Nicholas Ave. (at 141st St.), Monday, 2-8:30 PM.
Interment to follow at Gate of Heavan Cemetery.
There are several theories about why it happens, all of them gross generalizations.
From 1959 to 1963, he appeared on the CBS show ''The Verdict Is Yours,'' the first television courtroom show to use an actual judge.
In fact, a top Microsoft executive, Craig Mundie, said his company was trying to rally the computer and telecommunications industries to agree upon that standard for the future of wireless data networking.
Before every election, technicians open the back of each 800-pound machine and check every pin, strap, lever, gear, cog and counter.
Defense lawyers did not present an expert witness who was expected to testify on sight perception.
CUBAN PLAYER LEAVES FOR U.S.: A player how homered in an exhibition game last year against the Baltimore Orioles was reportedly aboard a Coast Guard cutter yesterday, one of 31 Cubans found on a boat stranded near Key West, Fla. Gus Dominguez, a sports agent, said that Coast Guard officials had told him that Andy Morales, a 24-year-old third baseman, was aboard the cutter.
John Starks shot 2 for 18 against the Houston Rockets that June night, chucking up long jumpers, trying in vain to shoot himself out of a slump, shot after missed shot after missed shot.
''I have no intentions, and neither is it the purpose of this trial, to refight World War II.''
''It's a series of circumstances.
Regulatory mandates, often passed in good times, bite more when economic growth slows.
Members of the Legislative Budget Board, which oversees the budget, are scheduled to meet privately with state budget officials today to plan an emergency appropriations bill for January.
Successful espalier involves knowing where and when to prune a plant to control the growth of its main leader, or young trunk, while favoring growth along specifically spaced branches.
Neither Saudi Arabia nor Britain maintain diplomatic relations with Iraq.
As long as it took to win, regardless of cost.
Kentucky Housing, $70 million of debt securities.
''We left the color issue out because people were so upset about it,'' Mr. McCabe said.
HOURS -- 4 to 10:30 p.m. Sunday and Tuesday through Thursday, till 11 p.m. Friday and Saturday.
It was Miami's second-largest margin of victory this season.
They lost by 48 imps to Joe Quinn of Katy, Tex., Ira Hessel of San Antonio, Tex., Sidney Brownstein of Santa Monica, Calif., Jon Brissman of San Bernardino, Calif., and Alan Le Bendig and William Wickham, both of Los Angeles.
At his doctor's recommendation, Mr. Hebenstreit, who had had two heart attacks, joined a program run by Dr. Dean Ornish, who for more than 20 years has studied whether changes in diet and daily activities can reverse coronary heart disease.
Her outward gentleness, tact and reserve masked a steely determination and ability to deal with all kinds of people who crossed her path.
The fighting words served Mr. Gore well by perpetuating the Democratic tradition of fighting for the underdog or disenfranchised.
''It's very, very important that the World Bank, as an economic institution, not become so risk averse that it would only do the sure thing,'' he said.
When it's wrapped around the body, half diamonds on each side meet for a striking effect.
He is such an avid New Jersey Devils fan that he seriously considered buying the franchise last year.
For over a decade, members from both teams tirelessly campaigned for the sport's inclusion into the Olympics.
It has got to be sustained beyond this president and beyond Obasanjo.''
www.nhc.noaa.gov/index.html The National Hurricane Center tracks storm activity in the Atlantic, Carribean and Pacific Oceans.
Guard Becky Hammon, who was undrafted last year and fought through training camp to become a starter this year, also scored 17 points, 12 on 3-pointers.
THE 6-foot-1 build would remain nice, lovingly preserved and on display for many years to come.
The company will also take a charge of $50 million to $70 million related to the revamping.
The Mets' game against the Los Angeles Dodgers was snowed out, another strange-but-true tale in an already eventful season.
Sycamore would not specify the length of the agreement.
Last week, when Senator Gorton was up by 16,000 votes with about 50,000 still to count, Democrats in this state had already written Ms. Cantwell's political obituary.
Mr. Green, 33, is the president of A&J's Amazin, a company in Napa, Calif., that makes decorative gift bottles.
At the same time, intolerance of moderate drinking also has a price.
Mr. Sapir contends in a lawsuit that the estimated bill for renovations has more than tripled to $156 million as the authority has inflated bills and shifted some of its own costs to his account.
''That inures to Sanchez's detriment because you can't always control these events.''
Bill Brock, the former senator from Tennessee and former Republican chairman whose commission produced the plan, said Mr. Rove had given him the same explanation.
Eric Wellman, WBAB's former operations manager said: ''Things were going well, and suddenly, out of the clear blue, she called four of us into her office and fired us.
Syria immediately dismissed his proposal.
British newspapers have reported that Mr.
After the violence, he had a stream of people attend meetings in his office and reintroduced joint police and military patrols, a recognition of the poor cooperation that has existed.
The Frisch School family is saddened by the passing of Eileen Turitz, beloved wife of our esteemed former Board president, Stanley Turitz and mother of Frisch graduates Joseph and Karen.
Sunoco's stock price rose 44 cents to close at $29.44.
It is not surprising that expectations are high.
The Times pays the fund's expenses, so all contributions go directly to the charities, which use them to provide services and cash assistance to the poor.
Ignoring the pain, Sprewell pushed off, ascending to the basket and slamming the ball through with his usual ferocity.
One such participant was Paul Rogers, a 27-year-old insurance agent from Middlebury.
and received a superior grade.
The city is also home to at least 20,000 refugees, 15,000 of them from Kosovo and the rest of them Serbs who fled from Bosnia and Croatia.
Despite this she concludes: ''Even with all the measures taken to cleanse the magistrature, the Liberation courts were essentially Vichy courts.''
After spending $1,600 for heating oil last winter, he decided to insulate his home by wrapping plastic around the screened-in porch.
Norman Mailer was a young World War II veteran with a story to tell in 1948 when this hefty novel, his first, was published.
Using a food processor, chop almonds until finely ground; do not allow to become a paste.
Intel Warns That Revenue Will Fall Short of Forecasts Intel warned that its third-quarter revenue was likely to be below the company's previous expectations, primarily because of weaker demand for the company's microprocessing chips in Europe.
In the late 50's and 60's, when Mr. Serling wrote many of his scripts -- his ''Twilight Zone'' series ran from 1959 to 1965 -- television was not the place to confront issues of the day; most programming was, family-friendly -- but often in the worst possible way.
From Delaware to Maryland to New York.
''Democrats have moved a long way in the direction of the Republican agenda,'' Mr. Bartlett said.
Privately, it is a different story.
The bride's stepmother, Gail Plautz, is the vice president for photography at CBS Television in New York.
.4:25:44 15758 Riff, R, 44M .
Salad is also at the heart of the very pleasing grilled corn and crab cake offering.
''Right now, we're weighing our legal options, and no decision has been made about whether to go through the court system,'' said a lawyer working for the Democratic Party here.
Yesterday, however, the share price rose $1.31, to $24.94, as investors considered the deal a vote of confidence by Liberty and Vulcan rather than as a bearish signal.
China and the European Union will resume talks soon on the country's entry to the World Trade Organization, a Chinese official said.
Its yield fell to 5.46 percent from 5.53 percent.
ANDY PETTITTE's father, TOM PETTITTE, is visiting the camp.
In 1995 Mr. Akayev convened regional leaders and other dignitaries for a lavish celebration of the 1,000th anniversary of the Manas epic.
Current and former Clinton administration officials were delighted with the results.
When filming began on March 2, 1964, the Beatles were just back from the United States, where they had introduced themselves to America in three consecutive ''Ed Sullivan Show'' appearances and in concerts in Washington and New York.
.4:32:33 17304 Gasparrini, N, 49M .
And so predators have developed an appetite for close encounters.
If Mr. Fox, the candidate of the opposition National Action Party, is elected, he will be the first unmarried president of Mexico in recent decades.
The Panthers entered 0-3-3-2, the worst start in franchise history, and snapped Ottawa's nine-game unbeaten streak (6-0-3).
The Dwight School is the latest in a string of elite prep schools on the Upper West Side eager to expand, and the latest to encounter community opposition.
Cherished grandmother of Tripp and Matthew.
''Patrick did nothing to cause the police officer to strike him.
''When we were founded, there were gaslights, a simple wooden altar and wooden pews,'' said the Rev.
One day Bruce demanded that my team come to Jersey to take on his collection of backstreet ''hitters,'' including the future ''Soprano'' Steve van Zandt.
Santangelo broke up Dempster's shutout bid with his first homer of the year on the first pitch of the eighth.
CenterSpan's winning $9 million bid consisted of $5.5 million in cash and $3.5 million in stock.
White blazes are painted on the rock every few feet to lead the way.
In the Earleys' bedroom is a hand-lettered sign set on the lintel of a closet.
Using Mr. Miller's argument, customers of these firms, were they to fail, could get no satisfaction from the corporation.
.+His anger at life's unfairness (a k a 'the white man') was a seething socket deep within him that he plugged into for energy and drive.''
Mr. Soderbergh, with his studious attention to film language, his formalism and his thoughtful application of craft, is more modernist than postmodernist.
Before the Fed announcement, the index was up as much as 1.4 percent.
The Dolphins did not even speak publicly of that disaster -- their fifth loss in a row to the Jets -- until last week.
It just didn't// Parks: Come up.
And to have something like having a drink and smoking a cigarette be infringed upon is almost fascism.''
But now that the 17,000-square-foot house is for sale, with an asking price of $25 million, well-heeled visitors are more than welcome.
Ikea seemed to have gotten most everything right.
The delicate Strauss encore, ''Morgen,'' was a further suggestion that to operate on the surface is not necessarily to be shallow.
The result is a Bible prefaced with essays on subjects like ''The Relationship between Hebrew and African Languages'' and ''The Presence and Role of Africans in the Bible.''
In general, up to $500,000 of the gain from the sale of a primary residence of a married couple is not taxed ($250,000 for single taxpayers), but the tax break for the portion of the home occupied by a home office is lost.
Contributions may be sent to Temple Israel, Glengary Road, Croton-on-Hudson, N.Y. 10520 or the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, 633 3rd Avenue, New York, New York 10017.
He watched last week's episode and was intrigued at the alliance between the gay man and the homophobe.
''They pay taxes, and I am not saying they haven't done some good things: repainting Vidracco, adding a children's park and other aesthetic touches,'' said Domenico Troia Cionin, the mayor of Baldissero Canavese, referring to improvements made by the Damanhurian mayor of Vidracco two miles away.
He spent much of the day on the telephone with other Arab leaders and Mr. Clinton, discussing possible diplomatic moves that could help head off a wider conflict.
Scientists generally agree that it is unclear how much of the warming is attributable to greenhouse gases and how much to natural causes; many think both are involved.
*When we dragged ourselves into Pit Stop 4 that afternoon and found the Broadway Babes (the crew picked a corny theme to distract us at each of the watering holes scattered along the route) singing, to the ''Hello, Dolly!''
Undoubtedly the two novelists would have eventually met, but for Greene, the manner of the meeting was tantalizing, and it opened the door to what became a remarkable personal and literary friendship that lasted for more than 20 years -- until his death in 1991.
DIVIANA ''Whimsy and Magic,'' a gala art show of handcrafted wall hangings by Mariette Van Hees-Theeuwes of Randolph, a Dutch-born artist.
New works from around the country.
For more than 10 minutes, she described how Wickremesinghe, when he was minister of education 12 years ago, blocked her 5-year-old son's admission to Royal College, an exclusive, government-run school -- a charge Wickremesinghe later denied.
-- or junk the economics on which its management of the air traffic system is based.
Mr. Kasik was at his best musically in Three Czech Dances composed in 1926 by Bohuslav Martinu.
''The Hempstead demographics are very good,'' said Pat Smith, real estate manager for Home Depot, ''and it's a market we're not serving right now.''
The president could remove a member ''only for neglect of duty or malfeasance in office,'' the bill says.
Most of her testimony was given in a taped deposition.
If Mr. Milosevic takes over a region that was the focus of so much Western attention and rhetorical support during the war, he will gain a significant symbolic victory and further destabilize the Balkans.
To attract foreign investment and help expand exploration and drilling, the Brazilian Congress voted to open the oil industry in 1997, after a protracted battle with nationalists, who feared excessive foreign influence over a strategic resource.
Excite@Home has signed up about a million customers, but now America Online has waded into the cable business with its 20 million users and a great chance to take Excite@Home's cable partners when the arrangements expire.
Texas, $64 million of general obligation bonds.
Hodges, the stoic manager of the Mets and the former first baseman for the Brooklyn Dodgers, fell three or four votes shy.
''Riles just wanted to see if I had any interest in coming down there.
It is a well-documented fact that Kipling was born on Dec. 30, 1865, in Bombay, where his father, Lockwood, taught at the School of Art.
TAMPA BAY DEVIL RAYS--Recalled RHP Billy Taylor from Durham of the International League.
Even in New York, truly the city of the Wunderkind, Ms. Futter's rise to the top echelon of the city's (very male) permanent cultural government is a march of superlatives.
The store is not only a casualty of declining sales at Warner studio stores in New York and nationwide, economists and retail analysts say, but also a yellow light warning of a softening in what is acknowledged as the strongest retail environment in decades.
The reconstruction, which could begin as early as the spring, will be based on photographs and interior plans made by scholars before the war.
Do you think I made this trade because I don't want to win?
But Judge Robertson said he was required by the 93-year-old law under which Mr. Schaffer was convicted to impose the prison sentence.
There are a few feature articles, and they are accompanied by products to buy.
So many towns have passed statutes that stipulate the number of days past the election signs can remain.
Whatever that means, Ford's pricing may keep the Sport Trac out of the hands of recent college graduates looking for primary vehicles.
But he treated me so nicely that I thought things would change.''
Javier Vazquez (9-7), without a victory in eight starts since beating Florida on July 23, struck out a career-high 11 for visiting Montreal and pitched a six-hitter for his second complete game of the season.
It is interesting how quickly fans forget.
But in Japan, where the tobacco industry is largely state-run, the vast numbers of smokers face no sterner warning than this pleasant request: ''Be careful not to smoke too much as it might injure your health.''
Thats the only thing that makes any sense.
The conference schedule includes a cocktail cruise, a beach barbecue and a chance to take part in what is described as a ''catamaran snorkeling sail.''
The priest says interest grows yearly, with the group currently sponsoring about nine trips abroad each year, and playing host to another three groups in the United States.
They win when he starts, even if he is not the winner.
Author, cherished mentor and dear friend to many.
The agreement provides that diazinon will no longer be sold for any household uses by 2004, including use outdoors to treat lawns and gardens.
Performances every night at 8:30 p.m. except Sundays.
If you're going to spend $2 million to live in a warehouse, you're different from somebody who wants to live in the suburbs.''
.3:53:29 7765 Stern, L, 31F .
The relative youth of Israel's Jewish population plays a part in the projection.
They questioned why she married a man who could not support her.
.5:42:14 26905 Berrios, M, 32M .
They chose Microsoft because it's best.''
He left, he said, when he became bored.
Every script is grounded in the backstage- family-versus-onstage-diva conflict.
's civil rights office, more than 900 owners or other representatives from small companies have gone through PREP.
And in ''Attempt to Raise Hell'' (1974), he devised a little mechanized marionette, a self-portrait, that smashed its head, at unexpected intervals, into a big cast-iron bell.
Whether that is their sole intention or whether there is some new gambit that the strategists haven't come up with yet will reveal itself as the AOL-Time Warner merger proceeds.
In this case, it was Mr. Gore who thought big and boldly, while Mr. Bradley exhibited a cautious, Washington-style mindset.
All of Staten Island was scheduled to be sprayed last night.
And this state is very supportive of that kind of representation.''
Stocks struggled to a mixed finish yesterday after the Federal Reserve's widely expected interest rate increase did little to calm turbulent financial markets.
Incorporating a grid overlaid with diagonals, like Pierre L'Enfant's plan for Washington, Bouvard's plan was arranged in the form of a fan, with the Plata River port lying at the handle end of the design.
Mr. Galindo ordered blood samples to be taken from 17 people, including both of the Limas, to be matched against samples found at the crime scene.
Presented by Louise Westergaard, Stephen Downey and Peter Martin, in association with Linda Wassong.
Why can't we work artistically rather than polemically with today's new merging of high and low culture to form a commerce-driven mass culture?
Investors worried that high-technology stocks, especially those of software or Internet infrastructure companies, were still too expensive, despite the battering they have taken this year, Mr. Riley said.
In some cases, the unit recorded sales to distributors that were not even in the medical device business.
In my nightmares I see the World Series in neutral, warm-weather sites, with teams not representing cities but only themselves as brand names.
Thus, while 2000 was the first year since the early 1990's that the utilities as a group outperformed other stocks, analysts expect a repeat performance in 2001.
He has kept the top two floors as his living space, accessible by a private entrance, and has put offices for his writing staff on the main floor and editing suites in the basement.
An exceptional man with a kind word for everyone, Joe loved his family, his Judaism and his community.
''Washing machines,'' Ms. Anderberg said, listing some of the things she hauled up.
Senator Chard, asked today if she risked losing her seat with her vote, said, ''All of us do, but so what?''
The Golden Venture disgorged its human cargo -- 286 desperate Chinese immigrants who had endured 100 harrowing days at sea -- into the cold and pounding surf off Queens at 2 a.m. on June 6, 1993.
A gifted diagnostician and skilled surgeon, Dr. Roome was highly respected by his peers and patients alike.
He was much loved and will be sorely missed.
Israel has threatened that if the Palestinians reject its request to postpone the final pullout, it will stick to a decision of the government of Benjamin Netanyahu and give up only one percent of the West Bank.
Shopping The preference of chocolate gourmets in this city of great chocolate has switched from milk or white chocolate to ever darker cacao in search of the pure chocolate taste.
In the book, Mr. Clarke writes of Garland's long history of involvement with gay men and her problems with her husbands.
The cartoonist Rube Goldberg sketched implausible mechanisms constructed from spoons and string and other sundry materials whose needless complexity increased with the simplicity of the task to be performed.
Tight end Frank Wycheck fumbled after a catch, a punt bounced off Denard Walker's foot to the Cowboys, and Dallas linebacker Barron Wortham intercepted Steve McNair's pass in the end zone shortly before halftime, when the Titans were trying to throw to Pro Bowl left guard Bruce Matthews.
Online ad duties for Sephora.com will continue to be handled by DDB Digital.
''I didn't think about race when I thought about where to live.
Diversions I went to the movies four times, and admission ranged from almost $4 to a little over $8; the price depends on the day of the week.
The system, to be paid for by the municipal government, is to be fully in place by fall.
The chief strategist for the Bush campaign, Karl Rove, left Austin for Washington late today so he could set up an office at the transition headquarters in McLean, Va., and meet with officials there.
The Major Deegan Expressway was built on top of the old tunnel, which exists underneath to this day.
Japan's prime minister likened the breakthrough to the fall of the Berlin Wall, yet the DMZ remains firmly in place, an ugly barbed-wire scar across the Korean peninsula.
Annual block party celebrating Czech Independence Day, tomorrow from 1 to 7 p.m. on 83rd Street, between Madison Avenue and Park Avenue, with music, dance, gymnastic performances and Czech foods and souvenirs.
Thursday from 5:30 to 6:45 p.m.
But for my sister and me, as whites, race was turned inside out.
Much of the film's high style belongs to Anne Carlisle, who plays both Margaret and Jimmy with a perfect androgyny that makes them virtually interchangeable.
But with Russian troops fighting some of the bloodiest battles of the five-month war, Mr. Putin, the certain favorite in Russia's March 26 presidential elections, gave no ground as Mr. Blair pressed for peace talks with Chechen rebels.
The goal, she said, is to win customers and loyalty by offering service comparable to that provided by the fabled retailer Nordstrom.
He will build a private-investment component into Social Security and take unspecified steps to improve education.
It includes profanity and mild violence.
A New Season For Hedonism,'' May 28] was both inaccurate and unfair.
They agreed that the two firms -- then the most powerful ones in stock trading -- would provide the money to reopen stocks that had halted.
Which brings us back to Pastis and its ''simple'' democracy.
Neither presidential candidate has dwelled on the partisan fighting over the budget, which works to the Republicans' advantage.
''Great wealth, even if it is paper wealth,'' he said, ''propels people into celebrity.''
Mr. Mongero, who was a Cortlandt town councilman for 11 years, became the first chairman of the town's Veterans Council.
; Miller, Ga.; Moynihan, N.Y.; Murray, Wash.; Reed, R.I.; Robb, Va.; Rockefeller, W. Va.; Schumer, N.Y.; Torricelli, N.J.; Wyden, Ore. DEMOCRATS NO Byrd, W. Va.; Feingold, Wis.; Hollings, S.C.; Mikulski, Md.
The government has postponed debate on Mr. Ocalan's execution until the European Court of Human Rights reviews his appeal.
The Sandpiper at Westhampton Beach is sad to announce the death of Martin Fortgang, our fellow co-operator.
''We kept slugging right with them.''
In an interview yesterday, Mr. Lewis emphasized that the job cuts did not conflict with the bank's announced determination to increase customer satisfaction.
And that, said Dr. Gail C. Frank, a nutrition professor at California State University at Long Beach, is the big drawback.
''It's time for something new,'' Dooley, a defender for the Metro- Stars, said yesterday at the club's offices in Secaucus, N.J. ''I'm at an age when you wake up in the morning and the bones are hurting.
Gun pao woosen ($10.95) is a soupy, stew-like seafood melange of shrimp, transparent cellophane noodles, bean sprouts, peppers, onions, tomatoes, shiitake mushrooms, carrot slivers and scallions in a delicious sea-tinged oyster sauce.
With the three-of-five-game series tied at 2-2, the Yankees flew back to Oakland for Game 5, scoring six runs in the first inning and barely hanging on to win.
The debate was the first in a month, and came at a particularly critical time for Mr. Bradley, whose campaign nationally -- and in New York, a state where he had once been seen as posing a powerful challenge to Mr. Gore -- has seemed increasingly adrift.
''We are concerned about the dip in the fourth quarter, but we think we have other areas of strength,'' Mr. Loverde said.
Elhayq, a 5-year-old bay owned by the Shadwell Stable and trained by Kieran McLaughlin, stalked the leaders until they reached the homestretch and then flew to the front and finished far ahead of Yankee Dollar, who saved second place by a neck over Carpenter's Halo.
''There's a difference between having pain and being hurt,'' Hampton said.
Democrats, by contrast, want more uniformity in premiums and benefits.
Knight Ridder, Tribune, The New York Times, Belo and McClatchy have recently tolerated losses of $8 million to $20 million a year on Internet ventures with unproven business models, according to company filings and presentations to analysts.
''For me, it's enough,'' she said.
But Yachmenev pushed the puck over Kolzig's glove off assists from Scott Walker and David Legwand in the same area at 7:26 of the first period.
In late 1995, Mr. Varone received and acted on an attractive offer.
It traces the development of Albers's work from her student days at the Bauhaus to Black Mountain College, where she taught with her husband, Josef.
Nas and Black Rob aim for gangsta-rap realism, while Rah Digga toughs it out on male turf, calling herself ''creme de la gutter.''
The union's president, Gerald McEntee, heads the A.F.L.-C.I.O.
They need to learn how to use new computer applications and how to integrate it into their classrooms.
Racism, in a way, prepares you for real life.
Ms. Consolo said the transformation of the Flatiron district began in the late 1980's when Paul Smith, a British clothier, moved in at Fifth Avenue and 16th Street.
The two spoke briefly today, but did not discuss the circumstances they now found themselves in.
decisions and holds an H.M.O.
''I really believe it's playing with pain,'' Martin said.
The show is divided into four thematic categories: war, politics and the human condition; environmental and social concerns; popular and material culture; and gender, sexuality and psychosexuality.
Shares in his company sank, shareholders moaned, and predators sensed an opportunity.
Ms. Woodward said she had no trouble persuading her husband to appear in Mr. Gurney's family drama in which actors are armed with scripts.
Those interviewed said that Mr. Giuliani's actions within his marriage should have no political consequences, because his conduct as a husband had little bearing on his ability to be a mayor or even a senator.
Most injuries were described as bruises, scrapes, cuts, strains and sprains.
There has also been a similar shortage of publicly financed lawyers, said Susan Hendricks, the deputy chief of the criminal division for the Legal Aid Society.
This campaign supports the principle that government ought to be limited.
''There might be some choice in the middle,'' said Ron Klein, a state senator from Boca Raton, who is drafting a bill that would allow the courts to consider all aspects of the case, including an offender's potential for reform.
Marcus Camby was only trying to do what he thought was necessary.
Valentine was in considerably better spirits than he was last Sunday, after he learned from reporters that the Mets' co-owner, Fred Wilpon, would not explore a contract extension for him until after the season.
''I was looking at Harvard.
President Clinton said in a statement yesterday that Admiral Zumwalt ''worked vigorously to improve our sailors' quality of life and devoted himself to eliminating discrimination in the Navy.''
To prevent the radio from getting confused when people talk inside the car, the Jaguar's voice activation requires the push of a button.
(AP) FENCING: ROMANIAN TRIUMPHS Mihai Claudiu Covaliu of Romania, ranked 10th in the world, took a gold medal in the men's individual sabre, beating second-ranked Mathieu Gourdain of France, 15-12, in Sydney.
Speed competition, also called drag racing, and reckless driving are each punishable by up to two months in jail and a $1,000 fine.
Nine days ago, Bloomberg caught Mr. Biggs, chief equity strategist for Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, making up comments from Ron Valentine, an Idaho plumber who, coming to fix Mr. Biggs's kitchen sink in Sun Valley three years ago, told Mr. Biggs that he was overly bearish.
Blend sour cream into dough to moisten, then roll out once more.
I don't think my mother has stopped talking about it.''
''That is, special education should be helping students learn compensatory strategies so that they can function without having to rely on a lifetime of special accommodations.''
Under pressure from European leaders, Turkey has delayed his execution.
While continuing to study what went wrong in the 6.5 million Firestone tires being recalled, regulators are starting to look at how to draft new rules for tire design.
He had an 11th-hour change of heart and ended up at Montana State, where he immersed himself in wildlife biology.
(On the Contrary, Feb. 6): I agree that some psychics -- though unregulated, unlicensed and often untrained -- can and do function as mental health professionals.
At the George Washington Middle School in Alexandria, Va., 12-year-old girls wearing shorts of the lengths recommended by Seventeen magazine were accused of violating the school dress code, lined up and subjected to humiliating inspections.
On the flag, he delivered an impassioned floor speech, speaking firsthand of battlefield death and patriotism for ''sacred intangibles'' more than ''a piece of cloth, however sacred.''
Others are protected by handsome iron gates and ''Beware of Dog'' signs.
At PlanetRX, Mr. McAlpin acted to head off any potential problem with Scient by returning to its San Francisco offices at 7:45 the morning after the first meeting.
One of the most popular styles is an all-black contact that covers the whites of the eyes and was made famous by the Limp Bizkit guitarist Wes Borland.
By chance, they both call the same supply company to order the missing items.
The ScriptDoctor, the ScriptMaster and the SmartGirls are just a few of the self-proclaimed script analysts who will read and evaluate your work -- for a price (anywhere from $125 to $1,500.)
Garrity and John Amaechi scored 12 points apiece for Orlando, more than enough against a depleted Nets team that shot 37.1 percent.
Successful, happily involved with a beautiful ballerina and seemingly guilty of nothing more than a knowing self-involvement, he finds everything changed after 18 days in captivity bolted to the floor or chained on a dog lead, used and abused for the casual amusement of three female masters.
Most maddeningly, Saint-Exupery refuses to subscribe to schools; he slips through nets.
BASKETBALL USA Basketball--Named Jim Tooley executive director.
fees, according to Gomez Advisors, an Internet consulting firm that rates Web-based consumer services.
A woman's peak childbearing years coincide with her peak career-building years, and there's no way to change that.
Phillips said that he intended to talk to the agents representing the Mets' free agents last night and perhaps over this weekend.
Our panel included Alan Ball, a screenwriter whose script for ''American Beauty'' won an Oscar for best original screenplay; Gregory Crewdson, a photographer whose show ''Twilight'' recently appeared at the Luhring Augustine gallery in New York; A.M. Homes, a writer whose latest novel is ''Music for Torching''; Tamara Jenkins, a filmmaker who wrote and directed ''The Slums of Beverly Hills''; Eric Mendelsohn, the director and writer of ''Judy Berlin''; and David Schisgall, the director of the documentary ''The Lifestyle.''
Political experts repeated their frustration that the center-right coalition that may have begun an economic turnaround last year had been unable to pick a single candidate and had knocked itself out of running in the first round, allowing an extremist to get close to the presidency.
he asked, referring to that city's subterranean mall.
They usually hold it in the spring, but, with Mr. Gore actively engaged in a political campaign, it was postponed this year until Nov. 20 to avoid a conflict for participants who belong to tax-exempt foundations.
Tina Kelley (NYT) NEW JERSEY WEST MILFORD: BEAR HUNT OPPOSED Several animal-protection groups and West Milford, a Passaic County town that is home to many black bears, have asked a New Jersey appeals court to block the Sept. 18 start of the state's first bear hunt since 1970.
One is that molecular memories and other computing systems are likely to have far more faulty components than today's semiconductors.
''When they both said he was handsome, I said, 'Well, in that case, what are we waiting for?'
''I was young,'' he replied.
Ms. Collier said there have been no formal discussions on further funding for the project by the council.
For part of the evening, he was lined up against Saints tackle Willie Roaf, who was named to the all-decade team last week.
Mr. Coffey has been around.
The Weingarten measure, which the assemblyman said he drafted after being approached by religious leaders about three years ago, is based on the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act, a measure passed by the Democratic-controlled Congress and signed by President Clinton in 1993.
Caldera bought DR DOS from Novell in 1996.
The Broadcasting Board of Governors, to which both radio services report, is a presidentially appointed independent commission now formally independent of the State Department and the United States Information Agency.
Although these transactions restrict owners' rights, they can also provide substantial financial benefits if they qualify as charitable gifts.
''My first day of art school,'' Mr. Coupland said nostalgically, ''was the first day in my life I could pick up an object and say, 'That's so beautiful' without getting beat up.''
.7:53:52 29263 Hopf, P, 39F .
The unanswered question in this serving up of politics on a satin pillow is whether anyone besides the delegates, the news media and Mr. Bush's extended family will pay much attention.
He said he never thought about rejecting the prize, as Jean-Paul Sartre did.
As the children clamored to answer ''Yes,'' one boy began counting, rapidly and under his breath, without pause until he passed 30.
If the implication is that the man is leaving, Ms. de Lavallade, with Dudley Williams listed as her assistant, has some surprises.
Inprise, which is being acquired by the Corel Corporation, said it would use the money to aid profits and invest in Internet products.
Lucent plans no initial public offering of stock in the new company, and intends to distribute all the shares directly to its own shareholders.
If a rider is hemmed in by other cyclists, he may not be able to position himself to go for the lead.
In ''Best in Show,'' he's the down-home Harlan Pepper, a bloodhound owner from Pine Nut, N.C., with visions of dog show glory.
He played as if everything was normal.''
But on that day in May, it worked out that a shutdown entailed little waste of manpower.
Kc7, Goldin scored with 25 Rd7!
While driving through the countryside, we came upon a medieval festival.
The average homeowners' policy for a $150,000 house in New Jersey costs $463 a year.
Will businesses, finding it harder to raise money on Wall Street, cut back investment plans, delivering a blow to long-term economic growth?
Several of the objects were no bigger than 15 Jupiter masses.
We extend our deepest sympathy to Penny Wallerstein, Peter Kalikow and Stephen Levene on the loss of their beloved mother and wife.
And Senator John McCain of Arizona was still glowing over his 19-point victory in the New Hampshire primary on Tuesday, not to mention the $1.8 million his campaign has raised over the Internet since then, as he gave the keynote address at the California Republican Party convention here this afternoon.
Now that he's searching for a new Jets coach, he should look in the mirror again.
The army also said it had reconstructed the shooting at a firing range, though local press accounts of the re-enactment raised questions about how closely it replicated the scale and conditions of the Gaza junction.
Great Bordeaux is like chamber music; great Beaujolais is like Rodgers and Hart.
Nor could the fans ask for games better than the weekend produced, although Mets fans would be entitled to ask why the Mets did not win more of them.
During the Depression, as the country questioned its national identity, even the most dedicated modernists, including Weber, Marsden Hartley and Alfred Stieglitz, favored more populist styles to convey American themes.
Getty Petroleum Marketing Inc. dismissed a third offer by the United Refining Company yesterday and urged shareholders to back a bid by Lukoil Holding of Russia.
The corresponding numbers were two in three among 10th graders, and just over 40 percent among eighth graders.
The winners of the new Webby Prize will be selected by a seven-member jury made up of four of the museum's curators and three outside experts.
.3:06:17 933 Heitz, D, 47M .
Canada's maximum capital gains rate of 37.7 percent is almost double the top American rate of 20 percent.
''We are using a lightweight, prefabricated, finished-panel system for the facade, some of it brick tile -- the reddish parts -- and other parts a silvery aluminum,'' said the architect, Marvin H. Meltzer of Meltzer/Mandl.
And they did, and democracy soon followed.
The United States finished 32nd out of 32 teams, collapsing from deficient play on the field, indecisive coaching by Steve Sampson and internal finger-pointing by the players.
The only way into the room was through the one full bathroom in the house, and my window looked out past the garage and a back gate and onto the alley that ran behind Main Street.
It indicates a lack of control over what you say in challenging situations, where someone in the mayor's position needs more discipline.''
Andrew Rangell recorded the work in 1991 (Dorian DOR-90138) and Sergey Schepkin in 1995 (Ongaku 107) in versions that should not be overlooked.
''An average is an average,'' he said.
Dr. Boyer also believed that psychoanalysis should be more than a treatment for the neuroses of the ''worried well,'' as he put it.
These were the kinds of questions that Bellow's protagonists -- Moses Herzog, Charlie Citrine -- had been asking for years.
Funeral service Sunday May 21, 10 A.M. at Gutterman's, 175 North Long Beach Road, Rockville Centre, New York.
There is such joy everywhere, and you don't even see the skyscrapers.''
A number of justices seemed inclined toward a ruling that would focus on language in the 1972 Clean Water Act giving the Army Corps authority over ''navigable waters.''
McSorley received the biggest fine and suspension in N.H.L.
The three-member panel acknowledged that pseudoephedrine did not enhance Raducan's performance, but ruled that the positive drug offense violated the Olympic anti-doping code.
He was not obvious Congressional material: he lived in a bachelor's flat, his bedframe tied together with one of his neckties, and he dressed exclusively in ratty denim or in clothes that did not match.
Mr. Abram would have none of it, insisting that ''the university as an institution should stay out of politics.''
Also on the program, Mr. Aibel said, ''is the recently discovered C major Cello Concerto of Haydn, performed by the young, handsome and prodigiously talented Israeli cellist Zuill Bailey, along with a very beautiful work by Leo Kraft called 'From the Hudson Valley,' featuring the Westchester Symphony's own flutist Margaret Swinchoski.''
If a child is unable to do the work, the teacher must be notified.
Jessica Hecht is one of those names, at least for this chronic theatergoer.
People without children who make less than $50,000 can use Form 1040EZ.
What will happen to all those pictures?''
The National Hockey League added Turek, who is from the Czech Republic, to the roster for the World team Thursday after Dominik Hasek of the Buffalo Sabres had to pull out because of an injury.
Hungarian immigrant, served in US Army in WWII, co-founder of 47 year old Universal Elevator Company, Inc.
.4:18:53 14098 Tolentino, S, 39M .
''We're re-evaluating the landscape; we're uncommitted.
''And I didn't realize until after I'd written my script that at the end of each act there's a party scene, but that's because I didn't think in terms of acts.''
But a single upset in the tournament can cause turmoil.
''From what I've been seeing and hearing, I like the family feeling he gives off,'' Mrs. Harrison said.
But there was no disputing the fact that the Kiwis showed no trace of the rust many felt would be inescapable after forgoing the traditional defender trials leading up to a cup match.
''The mayor would rather focus on ways of undermining public education than ways of supporting it,'' said the union president, Randi Weingarten.
He's endured an excruciating process of healing: waited for the tendon to heal and listened to biting criticism that the Knicks might not have reached the N.B.A.
Phages proved to be a hit-or-miss affair as a therapy.
Detroit was penalized 12 times for 126 yards against Redskins on Saturday.
Here is a selective listing by critics of The Times of new or noteworthy movies and film series playing this weekend in New York City.
Those who kidnapped the F.D.R.
All my income comes in the easily traceable form of checks or food stamps.
5 pick and a first-round pick in 2001 to Dallas for the third spot.
CHARLIE HUNTER, Bowery Ballroom, 6 Delancey Street, near the Bowery, Lower East Side, (212) 533-2111.
''The truth is that those people who bought with an eye to profits lost money,'' Mr. Levin said.
The deal would combine the former Standard Oil Company of California, now known as Chevron, based in San Francisco, with Texaco, based in White Plains.
''But then I said to myself, 'If I don't write these kind of scripts with roles for older women, then who's going to do it?'
''It is interesting mainly because it's so widespread,'' she said.
His engaging personality and individual integrity will be deeply missed by us all.
(AP) MIDDLE EAST IRAQ: ANNAN ATTACKED Stepping up a barrage of verbal attacks on Secretary General Kofi Annan for nominating a new arms inspector that President Saddam Hussein does not like, officials quoted in the controlled Iraqi press accused Mr. Annan of being in league with Washington to impose a system ''riddled with spies and false experts.''
More than six months ago, she said, the company released a more secure version of its software -- one that cannot be hacked by the current circumvention program.
''I'll wait until the summer,'' Ewing said yesterday, after his team's 83-82 victory over Miami in the seventh game of the Eastern Conference semifinals.
Set the nail heads and fill the holes.
The shah told Mr. Rashidian on July 30 and 31 that he had heard the broadcast, but ''requested time to assess the situation.''
More recently, Philippe Starck has injected Surrealism into the mainstream.
Families' costs for housing and college tuition continue to rise.
''Obviously, I had bigger hopes than going out I the first round here,'' said Norman, whose six-week tenure atop the ranking will probably end after the event.
On playing against the Knicks, he said, ''I am not into holding grudges.
PACKER -- He has the classic moment.
They quickly became fast friends and mutual admirers.
At least for the borough that in those years embraced its Dodgers as ''dem bums'' long before the Boys of Summer team departed for Los Angeles after the 1957 season.
The general in charge of Military Intelligence is the one who came up with the idea of making peace with the Pao and other rebel groups: Lt. Gen. Khin Nyunt, who is often described as the brains behind the government.
''They go a little wild,'' said Michael Cardenas, an owner of the two Los Angeles Sushi Roku restaurants.
''Oh, we've had managers, but they would end up saying: 'Why don't you just manage yourselves?
In addition to selling electronic books, Barnesandnoble.com hopes to use them to keep its customers coming back, another area where the company has lagged behind Amazon.com.
Those were the days, before ''Hairspray'' and ''Crybaby'' made Mr.
Presented by Connecticut Public Television in association with Scientific American.
Respondents say that the very purpose of vindicating the right to vote justifies the recount procedures now at issue.
McGrady sat out a 3-point road win at Atlanta on Nov. 4 while serving a one-game suspension for slapping Philadelphias Eric Snow during a game the previous night.
Heat stock with ginger and garlic to a simmer.
Meanwhile, Sieracki is exploring his legal options, said his lawyer, Lt. Col. Dan Shaver.
HIS tale must be told, and though Arthur Kipps is determined to tell it, he knows he will tell it badly.
.3:51:54 7362 Pasquier, T, 35M .
Supply was greatly reduced by targeting suspect dealers, traffickers and straw purchasers, and only one juvenile has been killed in Boston by a handgun in the last two years.
Cliff-jumping into the lake is another activity (with life jackets, of course).
Ms. Reinach's first three marriages ended in divorce.
The testimonials are part of one of the fiercest and most expensive battles now being waged in the pharmaceutical business: the war between Merck's Vioxx and Pharmacia's Celebrex.
At the Tea Lounge in Park Slope, Mr. Moscovitch and Mr. Wolf said they would not mind if their patrons asked for a cup of joe.
Hours: today, 1 p.. to 5 p.m.; Tuesday through Saturday, 10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. 7-21 Fair Lawn Avenue, Fair Lawn.
Laird G. Newman, an analyst with Andersen Consulting, said he was pleasantly surprised after he arranged an April trip to Italy through Ms. Schoeman.
Jones pumped a finger into the air on the mound while Brosius peeled away the blacking from underneath his eyes and some of the Yankees lingered in their dugout for a few moments.
In recalling his prediction that we would only know the outcome 50 years from now, I said to the Germans on behalf of a new generation of Americans and Germans, I said to General Eisenhower across the decades, ''General, mission accomplished.''
ArvinMeritor's chief executive, Larry Yost, said a downturn in North American heavy truck production and in the global light vehicle after-market; the weakness of the European currency, the euro; and the shutdowns of auto plants after the Firestone tire recall have caused the shortfall.
Mr. Halstead said that the price increases in Manhattan have been ''modest, disciplined over the last decade,'' compared with other investments, like stocks.
Mr. O'Dwyer would not discuss her whereabouts but said she no longer lived in New York and was no longer teaching.
I talked to him about my ideas, and he decided to hire me on the spot.
''We were picking syrah at the end of November,'' he said.
David Chesky, a co-owner of Chesky Records, is unmoved by her complaints.
As advertisers strive to counter the growing efforts by consumers to ignore or avoid advertising, there are more efforts to blend programming and commercial elements on TV and the Internet.
Cyclical industries in general have suffered because of that.
Earlier this year, for instance, two Internet companies that cater to adventure travelers, Greentravel.com and AdventureQuest .com, merged to create Away.com.
Because TestU started operations only nine months ago and is still test-marketing its tutoring services, the company says it has has no significant revenues or profits yet.
That was precisely the recommendation of a grand jury on Staten Island three years ago, which found (without filing criminal charges) that slopes had been illicitly leveled and trees removed to make way for town house development in the Hillside Preservation District.
Gentleman: ''Yes, where's the chair to sit on to enjoy my orange juice?''
''The ceilings are generally very low and the rooms are often small.''
Meanwhile, modified and field-repaired Cruisers with 200,000 hard off-road miles might cost $14,000 from a more emotional seller.
Mr. McCormack draws his inspiration from the gay experience, but his themes are universal.
Robert Fripp and Adrian Belew are not sharing this current incarnation of King Crimson with the usual rhythm section, instead enlisting the bassist Trey Gunn and the drummer Pat Mastelotto.
Less than an hour later, Ms. Hong did not respond to phone calls and was dead, prosecutors said.
Ms. DeJong, who describes herself as ''a person of language,'' makes her home in the attic apartment, tucked beneath the slate-covered mansard roof, where McCullers lived briefly with her husband, Reeves, during their second try at marriage.
The inflation-adjusted value of the minimum wage has fallen markedly, and many women with only a high school diploma have jobs paying close to this minimum.
You will be forever missed.
The Palestinian leader has said he can not make any decision about the city without other Muslim and Arab leaders behind him, or without Christians.
management council held off on endorsing a proposal last month by conference commissioners, who want more power in scheduling nonleague games.
.4:51:46 21353 Mirzaei, S, 42F .
But Peyron weathered the storm, as did the six boats scheduled to start today, listed here in order of how they could fare.
And many black employees, fearful that Coke is trying to avoid the stigma of a large cash payment and any guilt that might imply, are accusing Coke of trying to appease disgruntled workers so that a small settlement will seem more palatable when the terms are announced next month.
No one at Downing Stadium or the Parks Department seems to know what happened to the rest of the original lights.
July 16 -- Polezhayev Family.
''The boy should be with his father,'' Mr. Musa said.
An emotional female, imagines everything.
And the main way to shift power, if you had to have one reform, it's public funding of public elections.
''You'd think it was a nationwide manhunt.''
Kroll-O'Gara's stock rose 62.5 cents, to $6.6875.
Lately, he has been wearing a blue suit, white shirt and red tie, a uniform that one adviser described as a move to appear presidential as well as to show consistency.
Since the 18th century, the bibliography has underpinned the scholarship of books by organizing chaotic records of knowledge that came before.
Executives at many established real estate firms in New Jersey acknowledged that by challenging the conventional pricing of brokerage services, e-brokerage companies like Your Home Direct would appeal to some but certainly not all consumers.
''When Larry does this,'' Van Gundy begins, making the ''L'' sign, ''it's bad.
CBGB's, Downtime, the Korova Milk Bar, the Pyramid and the Limelight all hold vampire-friendly nights at least once a week.
Even finding a potential site is no guarantee that a school will be built.
But Mr. Nabavi also took a bit of license with the old stories.
(Editors' choices of other recent books of particular interest) PERSIAN MIRRORS: The Elusive Face of Iran, by Elaine Sciolino.
The New Jersey Bankers Association, which brought the suits against Woodbridge and Newark, says most banks lose money on A.T.M.
Events ''THE CAT AND THE FIDDLES,'' part of the Little Orchestra Society's series of Lolli-Pops concerts for children 3 to 5, will present a program introducing children to the string and percussion sections of the orchestra, with the help of Bow the Panda and Bang the Lion.
The band's musicianship was top-notch, and every so often -- most jarringly on an otherwise kitschy novelty tune called ''Slow Poke'' -- there would be an unexpected chord change that took this supposed hillbilly combo to the doorstep of jazz.
And I know a lot of people say that that looks like its off in the future.
Now since that time I have no more dreams.
He urged them to work to persuade a majority of the fractious 120-member Parliament to vote to disband.
Their margin for error is microscopic.
Who knew the factors, but he had never eaten properly.
Wonderful sister and mother-in-law and adoring matriarch of extended family and friends.
This is the same wine in new bottles.
It is worthwhile to check guidebooks for these lists, especially if they are religious holidays that may shift with a lunar calendar.
In fact, Medicare was started in 1965 because private insurance was unreliable for them.
The Edmonton assistant coach Craig MacTavish is also a free agent.
Mr. Dotson even gets regular calls from a reader who points out instances of the newspaper's appearing to pander to blacks.
Flying Toward A Moving Target DAVE H. WILLIAMS'S company, Alliance Capital Management, is the main corporate sponsor of Military Salute Week 2000, which used to be called Fleet Week.
He served as its director from 1973 to 1978.
Col. Ed Badolato, retired, executive director of the Counterterrorism and Security Foundation.
Dancing the Landscape Away Tie down the lawn chairs; the dancers are coming.
After Mr. Giuliani lost the general election to the Democratic nominee, David N. Dinkins, he questioned whether the expensive primary challenge by Mr. Lauder was one factor in his defeat.
The picture above, of a bathing lesson from the league, is part of an exhibit titled ''Healing Waters: Utopian Responses to Dirt, Disease and Disorder, 1890-1940.''
It also brings artists and arts programs to 45 public schools and organizes after-school and summer activities at the center.
I think it's because of his enthusiasm.''
There will be political uncertainties starting next year, when County Executive Thomas S. Gulotta and all 19 members of the County Legislature are facing re-election.
But an anonymous flier distributed to residents immediately surrounding the school earlier this summer has galvanized many in the neighborhood to oppose that plan, which, if it were to be executed, would require demolishing as many as seven houses that are as old as the school.
And Mr. Merlis has not been recognized in the borough president's awards for promoting Brooklyn history, 26 of which have been given in the last five years -- and which are supervised by Professor Manbeck.
In January, a five-member task force, formed by the governor to study the Interstate 287 corridor, released preliminary recommendations that included replacing the Tappan Zee Bridge with an eight-lane structure.
Return bacon to pot, and simmer another 5 minutes.
Right now, I am sitting at my desuku (desk), or teburu (table), with the rampu (lamp) on, holding my kompyuta (computer), taipingu (typing), making occasional notes with a boru-pen (ball-pen).
Lawn of Garrison Art Center, short walk from Garrison train station.
Professor Smith recently taught a class called ''Yale and the External World'' that used Mr. Buckley's famous book as a reference, and Mr. Smith is now writing a book on the same topic.
''The governor is the one who will dictate what we are doing here,'' said Stephen J. Miarik, Republican chairman in Monroe County, which includes Rochester.
In July 1998, a Dutchess County jury set the judgment against Mr. Maddox and ordered Mr. Sharpton to pay $65,000 and Mr. Mason to pay $185,000.
Services Wednesday, 10:00 AM, at Riverside-Nassau North Chapels, 55 No.
Early results from general elections on Saturday show the three main nationalist parties all leading in their respective ethnic communities, according to results released today by international election organizers.
He has consulted on thousands.
He is also a co-founder and a former owner of Distributed Art Publishers, an art-book distribution company in New York.
Marlins 4, Phillies 2 Jesus Sanchez was 2 for 2 with a run batted in.
''I started pressing a little bit.''
Red Wings goalie Chris Osgood made 28 saves.
Slay is just starting to peak.
The newspaper industry, already radically changed this year by the pending merger of the Tribune Company and Times Mirror, was reshaped yesterday as one company offered itself for sale, a second consolidated its dominance in daily circulation and a third moved into first place in the sheer number of newspaper properties it owns.
They are an audience that Sears, or the local drugstore or supermarket, would want: homeowners, small-business people with an anchor in the new economy.
''We really want it all to just go away,'' said Bill Buzze, a music shop owner, over a lunch of Whataburgers and iced tea a few blocks from the federal courthouse where the case was heard.
Gregory Frux, 42, is a resident of Park Slope and an architect with a Master of Fine Arts from Brooklyn College.
The information was cross-checked with law enforcement and commercial databases to provide a profile of the loose network of security personnel around the child in the days before the raid.
''A week ago I was having trouble walking.
''When they melt together,'' he said, ''it's just an incredible effect.''
Mr. D'Addario's dad, John, who died in June, joined his father in the mid-1930's.
Moreover, while all companies are developing hybrids, some probably won't have them on the market by 2003.
In 1878, members of the Calando family, Paris collectors, bought the sheet at auction.
Tammy Faye Bakker Messner, the former wife of Jim Bakker, is that most American of stories, a figure of tragedy and a joke.
At Republic Airport in Farmingdale, the propellers on Dr. Weinstein's plane were already spinning.
They won the wild-card berth on the final day of the season.
The Times, in an editorial, denounced what it described as Mr. LaPierre's ''sick suggestion.''
The church has 1,700 families, the Rev.
He might go berserk and kill you.
''And I think that the only small, faint resemblance would be the profile in Australia -- you know.
''I keep thinking about why we didn't take this help.
May the family be comforted among the mourners of Zion.
That perception has been evident to Gore advisers, and to the candidate himself, since the fall, when they began a concerted effort to strip him of the trappings of the vice presidency and place him in settings where he could appear unscripted and have a chance to interact with people.
The idea is to do for thinking about time what photographs of Earth from space did for thinking about the environment, to ''reframe human endeavor,'' Mr.
Instead, they found what Catherine A. Fitzpatrick, executive director of the International League for Human Rights, calls ''a constant disconnect'' between their ideals and reality.
Mansour is hellbent on making Schmidt as much his pet as the cellist is, prompting Schmidt to speculate at one point that ''he amused Mr. Mansour much as the dwarfs had amused the Spanish court in the time of Velazquez.''
''If we have the proper partnership, we will bid for the whole thing,'' he said, speaking of the seven million barrels.
Julie Halston is a funny lady who does not sing -- well, not for the record.
When gluing the end of a board to another surface, it is necessary to reinforce the joint with dowels, glue blocks or wood screws.
''I want to show all of you how easy it is.
''Her father said his goodbye and, for the last time, left her in our care,'' Ms. Davis writes.
The Nieveses were being held yesterday at the 83rd Precinct in Brooklyn while agents conferred with prosecutors to prepare the case for arraignment.
Odd Inge Skjaevesland, a visiting Norwegian newspaper reporter, noted the absence of a high-level Norwegian delegation and said that Norway, Denmark, and Sweden increasingly look east to the opportunities developing in the Baltics, rather than west toward their old North Atlantic colonies -- the Faeroe Islands, Iceland and Greenland.
Recent waves of immigration have left Rome more ethnically diverse.
He opened it to see a Japanese man in a kimono.
The winner will be announced at the party's convention in August, and the winner's campaign will receive the millions in matching funds.
Salomon has been losing employees at an unusually high rate this year.
In Mr. Moore's grandfather's day, it took about 18 acres of this land to sustain a cow and her calf.
Found among the traditional peoples of lowland Amazonia, eastern and southern Africa, New Guinea and elsewhere, partible paternity and customs like it turn out to be of advantage to women and their offspring.
(This would require ownership's first-ever victory over the union.)
The unintended collapse of one of the Cub Scout dens here began with two families, both passionately opposed to the Scouts' ban on gay members, deciding jointly to take a stand.
A tour of their building revealed cracked stairs, a steel plate serving as a stairwell landing, holes in walls and, in one apartment, the smell of a dead rodent behind a wall.
MINUSES: The performances don't mesh, with Mr. Hopkins, Alan Cumming (as the decadent boy-child emperor) and Jessica Lange (the plotting empress) all seeming to belong in different films.
A double-digit showing by an unknown challenger could have been seized by Mr. Lazio as evidence of Mrs. Clinton's unpopularity even among New York Democrats.
He received a bachelor of divinity degree from the University of Chicago in 1956 and was ordained a United Methodist minister the next year.
''Look, I paid $9,000 into the pension fund to be able to retire early at 55,'' said one motorman.
White, a marginal performer throughout his first two seasons in the league, looked like a top-flight pivot man in his preseason matchups with Camby.
In 1999 and 2000, Congress dished out more than $6 billion each year in ''emergency'' aid to farmers; in 1999, Congress also gave relief to hospitals, nursing homes and other health care providers.
It was as though I were a child, a young woman and an old one all at once.
SANDQUIST-Fannie W. Widow of Gustave.
PAGE 12 Fujimori's Eroding Power The buttresses of power for Peru's president appear to be cracking, even with his surprise visit to Washington.
With the bidding process under way, Mr. Webb said he had received countless calls, letters and e-mail messages expressing hope that the new stadium keep the name Mile High.
Funeral service Wednesday, June 21, at 10 AM at Riverside Memorial Chapel, 180 W. 76 St.
Desserts, like almost everything at this stellar inn, were excellent, from a paper-thin crisp-layered strawberry Napoleon, with luscious big ripe berries, to a silken chocolate espresso mousse with coffee sauce and three crisp tuiles.
And a spot check of Ms. Helms's survey found it overstated the differences in pharmacy prices.
Mr. Stang's wife, JoAnne, is a writer who has done profiles of balky personalities like Mr. Sinatra, Marlon Brando, Woody Allen, Tennessee Williams and Stanley Kubrick.
He is 4-3 with a 3.99 earned run average.
In the past, that would have been insubordination of the first order and a sure-fire way of wrecking one's career.
For instance, a user can tell the site to pay the phone bill automatically on the 25th of each month if the amount due is less than $100.
Much of it is about to disappear before anyone even has a chance to see it.
''This wasn't just a guy with a Web site.''
''The language dishonored me, and I'm one of those people who do not feel hurt, even if somebody calls me a whore.
''Hey, you can have a combination basketball-indoor tennis court.''
Today at 3 and 7 p.m.; Thursday and Friday at 8 p.m.; Saturday at 4 and 8:30 p.m.; next Sunday at 3 p.m. Tickets: $23 to $33.
''I sent out resumes and auditioned for every post that opened up -- there were 13 of them.
But despite those drawbacks, the FotoShow still makes the world a better place.
But Judge Pollak reduced the compensatory damages to $3 million and the punitive award to $24 million.
Another warm winter could be enough to leave inventories lean by early next year, but normal winter temperatures could raise demand by 100 billion cubic feet or more a month, cutting deeply into storage, Mr. Robinson said.
''Understanding your own motives is one of the most obscure pursuits in the world,'' he said.
The Polk unit's products include consumer credit information, as well as electronic commerce, customer relationship management and payment services.
MUNSON-Oliver Cromwell, 75, passed away January 13, 2000 in the loving arms of his wife Sheryl.
Under the Security Council plan, a team of 500 U.N. observers, protected by 5,000 troops and support personnel, would be sent to four strategic areas to document violations of the cease-fire and to help arrange the movement of the various armies and militias to defensive positions.
All these men were good dancers, and they came from varied backgrounds in ballet, modern dance, Broadway, films, nightclubs and casinos.
We planned for one event and have been blasted into another.
''We have been assured through reliable channels that the governor would support repeal of the rule,'' said John F. Sturm, the president and chief executive of the Newspaper Association of America.
The retailer gets 28 percent of its total sales from Japan.
Privately, American officials suggested that if progress was not made by Monday, it would be difficult to keep going.
Dr. Richard D. Westenburg, director of music at the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church, defends the digital technology in his renovated organ loft.
.3:54:31 7986 Dubow, L, 33F .
Northrop hired Salomon Smith Barney Inc. to help with the sale.
Whether such a suit would be brought in federal or state court is not clear.
They are especially vital to the Sad Dog candidate, that senator from Arizona.
''I think it has to stop.
Occasionally residents walk to the lake and strain for a glimpse of their past.
Those resolutions -- in District 3, on the Upper West Side of Manhattan; District 15, in Park Slope, Brooklyn; and District 2, from the Upper East Side to TriBeCa -- had put pressure on Mr. Levy to formulate a policy throughout the city schools.
Her mother, Doris E. Roth, is a land-use lawyer and counsel to McMillan, Rather, Bennett & Rigano, a law firm in Melville, N.Y. Mr. Escandon, 33, is a director of business development at MoneyTran, a start-up company in New York for electronic payment and settlements services.
And Rocker, a focal point of this series because of his disparaging comments published last winter, could not do a thing about it.
''This is a worthy institution and these are worthy goals.
Governor Rowland said: ''We got rid of the sheriffs.
''He was looking down at the deceased's face.''
WITH several bustling Japanese restaurants, a sake bar, a Japanese bakery and a Japanese hairstylist, the little triangle formed by East Ninth Street and Stuyvesant Street, between Second and Third Avenues, comes as close to Tokyo as anywhere in New York.
Mr. O'Brien did not hesitate.
Helen Sanders, an assistant to Mr. Carson, said, ''All that needs to be known is, he started writing some brief, humorous pieces, and he submitted that and it got published.''
Vancouver, which shot 51.4 percent, won for the third time in four games and continued to improve under Coach Lionel Hollins, who coached the Grizzlies to an impressive victory with the prospective new owner Michael Heisley watching.
Al Gore arrived bearing a new TV commercial, which depicts his recent climb up Mount Rainier in terms usually reserved for the conquest of Mount Everest, or at least the Steve Forbes primary victory in Arizona.
''I didn't even know what his abortion position was,'' Ms. Busch said, a bit embarrassed.
'' Hot pants came in satin and velvet and leather, even fur.
And he couldn't imagine not being chief executive.
The demonstrators, opting for nonviolent civil disobedience, were accommodated by the police, who made fast arrests.
They are a Greek chorus.
The West Nile virus was confirmed as the cause of the two birds' death yesterday, said Ward Stone, the chief wildlife pathologist for the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation.
This month, CUNY, Cornell University's Institute of Community College Development and the State University of New York are sponsoring a fund-raising forum for community college officials.
The president drew one of the biggest ovations when he recalled Mr. Reagan's famous refrain from 1980.
Oahu is a shopping mall with sand in the parking lot.
''It's the same kind of training manual that armies around the world would have, this one is specifically aimed at people who are not particularly skilled or literate.
I told O'Neill I was asking about his father because I understood how he felt, having lost my mother and then my father 53 weeks later.
''We have the vehicles and we're getting use of the vehicles,'' said Lana Sims, director of the state Treasury Department's purchase and property division.
By expanding their holdings into aluminum, the Sibneft stock owners, once part of the Yeltsin inner circle, may be trying to preserve their influence in the new political cluster around the acting Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin, who is the leading candidate in next month's elections.
Scout troops, said Karen Feuer, the board president, would not be able to use a school's name as part of their troop name or display it on their uniform.
Its stock fell $1.75 a share, to $37.375.
And Tommy Bowden will pit his Gekko against his father's Warren E. Buffett.
Jeff Juden, signed to a $500,000 major league contract for this season, was a disaster, pitching so badly that the Yankees released him -- at a cost of 25 percent of his contract, or $125,000 -- after only one outing; he had walked three and hit two batters among the eight he faced.
The Shooting Gallery and Barbara De Fina of Cappa Productions joined them as producers, and Martin Scorsese, who is Ms. De Fina's partner in Cappa, became executive producer.
Consider the culture clash that took place in Louisiana last spring, when VoteHere.net persuaded moderate Republicans to propose Internet voting to bring attention to the party's 2000 presidential caucuses.
.4:19:18 14182 Urciolo, V, 65M .
He has friends from Westchester with metal rods in their legs from wrestling injuries.
Pakistan, along with Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, are the only countries that recognize the legitimacy of the Taliban government, which, as the host to Osama bin Laden, the Saudi-born exile accused by the United States of sponsoring terrorism, is not usually blessed as a peacemaker.
On May 1, the nurses rejected an earlier proposal that would have given them 10.5 percent raises over five years and possible merit bonuses, but would have reduced the number of paid days off, including vacation and sick days, to 40 from 45.
Former partner of Bookey & Greenman for over 40 years.
For a while, the skyline looked hardly more imposing than the blurry outlines of Jersey City off to the left and Brooklyn to the right.
THE AMERICAS COLOMBIA: PEACE AIDE QUITS The government's top peace official resigned after rebels of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia threatened to step up a longstanding campaign of extortion and kidnapping against the rich.
And over the years, doctors have tried a variety of treatments, as drastic as surgery, for chronic coldlike symptoms with limited success.
Unfortunately, the following spring you'll find that many of the annuals didn't re-seed themselves enough to prevent fall's weed seeds from taking hold.
One day, Gambill may get another chance on Center Court.
Malone said during a telephone interview this past week.
Yesterday the favorite finally broke through.
Stephen Flynn says it cost him more than $1,200 to repair a sidewalk buckled by four city-owned trees in front of a house he owns on Tahoe Street in Ozone Park, Queens.
Brokerage companies of all sizes are seeking to become important players in one of the largest markets in the nation, with 147 million square feet of office space and 724 million square feet of industrial space in the 11 counties.
But the sulfur dioxide emitted by power plants adds to the problem, in part because of geography: Northeastern states receive windblown pollution from coal-burning power plants in the Midwest.
It rounds out flavor, and it makes everything seem to come together.''
Maybe Will (Mr. Scott), a white teenager anxious to please, can handle the job.
''They have us involved in the decision making,'' Mr. Bianchi said.
It is troubling but not shocking to hear bias from Louis Farrakhan, who questioned last week whether Joseph I. Lieberman would be more loyal to Israel than to his own country.
Inquiries Fredrick J. Chapey & Sons Funeral Home, Inc.
For schools, accountability usually means that standardized tests identify failing schools, which then become candidates for administrative shakeups, closure or voucher programs.
''Everything happened in the second quarter.
''We can be at the buildings within seven minutes,'' he said.
The officer, Col. James C. Hiett, made his admission in Federal District Court in Brooklyn while pleading guilty to failing to report that he knew that his wife, Laurie Anne Hiett, had been laundering the profits of her drug smuggling.
His sunny disposition complemented the brooding Mr. Ness, and he helped his bandmate overcome heroin addiction in the late 1980's.
Mr. Ruttgers, the Christian Democratic candidate, has become notorious for the anti-immigrant electoral slogan ''Kinder Statt Inder'' -- ''Children not Indians'' -- that he has since withdrawn.
The site is a guilty pleasure for the thousands who check in each day to see which highflying high-technology enterprise may be on the brink of collapse.
Steve Smith scored 23 and Scottie Pippen added 19, hitting a 3-pointer with 2.2 seconds left in the third period to give the Blazers a lead they never lost.
And he did, outrunning three defensive backs.
In February, United States car and light truck sales rose 6.1 percent, putting the nation on course to hit a record 17.7 million in vehicle sales this year versus 16.96 million vehicles last year.
''It's how many deals did you do.
And while many of the programs would not work in other states, some aspects could serve as models.
Avi Rauner, who has apple and pear orchards near the border fence, said he had cut back his work there to avoid the daily shower of stones.
Who's to say that a shoe is not a piece of sculpture?''
There's got to be a better way to react to a few dumb remarks.
Although he will be re-evaluated today, Camby is expected to miss at least six weeks.
GROUNDS FOR SCULPTURE ''Summer 2000 Exhibition.''
Four years ago a British producer, Anthony Geffen, announced what sounded like an enormously ambitious and one-of-a-kind project: He said he would use the breakthroughs in computer and digital technology to recreate the ancient civilizations of Rome, Greece, Egypt and China, bringing viewers the experience of walking through the Parthenon or riding a chariot at the Roman Circus.
Members of the Busch family in St. Louis knew that their company was driven by the relentless marketing of Budweiser and other brands.
The results reveal religious beliefs and sexual mores; where people find happiness; what causes anxiety.
15 Auburn (9-2) at Atlanta The winner of this Southeastern Conference championship game seems headed for the Sugar Bowl.
At another point, borrowing from what had been another of Mr. Giuliani's refrains, he said, ''I can't call on Air Force One whenever I need a ride.''
He said: ''They did it well.
Ellen Burstyn and Mr. Sorvino play her parents; Debi Mazar plays a smart-mouth hairstylist friend, and Peter Firth is an arrogant and sad professor.
American Airlines, which has flights from Lambert, also decided against MidAmerica.
Rivers,'' wrote one, ''Terrence cannot answer the questions this week because he is in jail.'')
CAROLINA HURRICANES--Traded a 2000 fourth-round pick, previously acquired from Anaheim, a fifth-round compensatory pick and an eighth-round pick to Atlanta for a 2000 fourth-round pick.
To a large extent, the debate over Mr. Lee's statement is an exercise in semantics, not diplomacy.
Sundays through Fridays at 3 p.m.; Sundays and Wednesdays at 7 p.m. Tickets: $12.50.
But when South followed suit, West thought matters over carefully.
Stir in the cabbage, ginger, poblano, sesame seeds, 2/3 cup water and 2 tablespoons oil.
The executives of Pace Advertising Agency are deeply saddened by the passing of Lois, wife and soul mate of our former partner and President, Eli Schonberger.
The latest dispute involved the unexpected defeat Friday of light flyweight Brian Viloria, a gold medal favorite for the United States.
Which is more sublime, Delaware River towns or selected points of quaintitude along the Jersey Shore?
Ivan Radovanovic, a writer preparing a book on Serbia's October revolution, said that on the one hand the changes were remarkable.
Under these circumstances, adding more subjects to an analysis often wipes out a strong finding, as happened in the Amish study.
And it's largely a matter of the right sort of training, the right sort of policies and consistent effort there.
But the Indians were the ones who needed divine intervention.
.4:11:06 12277 Ikeda, K, 29M .
Obviously babies can feel pain -- as can nonhuman animals.
His mother is a secretary at Shearman & Sterling, the New York law firm.
Another possibility was that Henson, an intense 29-year-old former Greco-Roman wrestler, whose nickname is Pit Bull for his aggressiveness, could not contemplate losing.
And Barkley's effort is certain to be noticed by National Basketball Association scouts.
The cost of light-wave etching is rising to levels that may soon be prohibitive.
''Rather it is based on fear, fear of the political power of big labor, fear of the implications of the new economy, fear of the future.''
The Dodgers, on the other hand, present the appearance of a contender and may finally gain some reward for their payroll proclivities, which have made them No.
Ms. Rosenthal was a co-editor, along with Robert Atwan and her husband, George Dardess, of ''Divine Inspiration: The Life of Jesus in World Poetry'' (Oxford, 1998).
The comptroller said the business in question was a contract with a computer consulting business acquired by Maximus.
It's hard to say to the localities, 'now, you pay for it.'
The price range is broad, and many diners share selections.
''The Glass Blowers'' has not been performed in anything close to its original version since its first production in 1913.
The New 42nd Street, which has a budget of $8.5 million, negotiated a 99-year lease with the city and the state for seven theaters (among a total of nine on the block) built in the early 1900's and some adjoining properties on 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues for which it pays $10 a year, what Ms. Cahan called ''a negative dowry.''
Winning the Tour de France has proven easier than winning an Olympic gold medal for Lance Armstrong.
Even harder to take are the scenes that occur three years later, in the pathetic support group of family survivors who meet each week to share the never-ending pain of loss and, in a cruel but suspenseful plot turn, to protect themselves from the killers, who are back for vengeance.
The Yankees' offensive funk is not some temporary condition that just came on, like a runny nose.
She was curious about my excitement.
''This happens more frequently than most people think,'' said William Selsberg, a Stamford, Conn., real estate lawyer.
The subtext, however, was not about policy.
Where the Lodges make up imaginary shoes, Grimes lets real shoes fuel her characters' imaginations: The shoe rack Is stacked With promise, With dreams Waiting To wake.
''Those will be marginal -- not unimportant, but marginal.''
There are some lovely Art Deco touches, and the walls are decorated with charming scenes of Shanghai during its heyday in the 1930's.
But Datek officials have said publicly in recent months that they would like to move toward a public offering.
MR. LIEBERMAN -- ''The retailers have to be part of a solution to this problem.
''This frightens some in Washington,'' Mr. Bush said, ''because they want the federal government controlling the Social Security like it's some kind of federal program.''
Meanwhile, among the fishermen of Sirah, the thought of what happened to the sailors on the Cole, and to the billion-dollar American ship packed with 21st-century technology, has a sobering resonance.
And there is one small study, the only one of its kind, that suggests that a placebo prescribed openly could win over some patients.
Monday Night Football's talent search will have to look beyond Jimmy Johnson, who yesterday ruled out working for television for at least a year.
Proficient with French knives, I was in the habit of using different blades for different tasks.
''I think the property values here will be negatively impacted because it would no longer be looking out on a pristine bay,'' he explained.
But a memo from a meeting on May 20, 1997, at which Mr. Verniero and his assistants discussed their response to the federal investigation, also contains handwritten notes that indicate that Mr. Verniero was adamantly opposed to entering into a consent decree and allowing a federal monitor to oversee the department.
Mr. Gore later got down on one knee to serve Her Honor a muffin.
There's quite a wealth of material.
''They wound up playing an extra hour, then were guests for the rest of the night.''
He implied that we were a joke.
He plays Rudy, serving out the last days of a prison stretch and looking forward to going home and tasting a holiday dinner.
Now, she wants to follow Blue Man, Cirque du Soleil and the new vaudevillians Penn and Teller to what Mr. Igrejas calls the ''new frontier in entertainment'': Las Vegas.
The Agriculture Department said the sheep might have eaten contaminated feed in Europe before they were brought to Vermont.
Regular physical activity is my primary means of coping with the stresses of modern life.
But Pathmark reported losing $21.2 million in the first quarter, more than double its net loss of $9.2 million during the same period a year ago, because of debt payments.
In Harrison, up from the foundry, passion and position were inseparable.
Then some friends advised him to switch to a more established agent.
Fisher stood up to Adams, and the assistant coach kept his job.
''Yuppiedom is not dead,'' he said, ''but it's dying.''
The biggest challenge to Mr. Chavez's grandiose ambitions lies at home.
''We convinced his mother if he was going to play professionally, it would be best for him to become acclimated to the U.S.,'' said Melvin, now the Texas Rangers' general manager.
'BEFORE NIGHT FALLS' This film on the life of the Cuban writer Reinaldo Arenas (Javier Bardem) is the remarkable second movie from the painter Julian Schnabel.
The policy makers and economists gathered here, by and large a avidly free-market bunch, could not quite swallow their distaste for limiting the mobility of money across borders, although Charles Goodhart of the London School of Economics suggested that there might be an ideologically acceptable compromise in using bank regulation, rather than outright capital controls, as a brake on the rapid withdrawal of funds from an economy.
For instance, www.all gore.com, recently featured a parody of Mr. Gore saying, ''Elian can live with me.''
These two have been stalking each other on banked tracks worldwide for the better part of a decade, in a sport that might best be prepared for by driving a New York City cab.
With the memoir done, Garment embarked on his hunt for Deep Throat.
The offer, worth about $428.2 million at yesterday's closing price for Remec, topped an unsolicited bid from LGP Telecom Holding.
The case against the suspects appeared to be strong.
''I would interpret these three phases in terms of opportunities,'' he said.
I've also heard the building described as ''classical.''
He became so litigious, Mr. Murray said, that ''at one point in the 1900's he couldn't stand in court for one case because he was running in four cases at the same time.''
Even before his power is confirmed by the people, Putin is a member of the club.
In London, Unilever shares fell 41 pence, to 413 pence, or about $6.20.
* CRAIG RUBANO, Laurie Beechman Theater, West Bank Cafe, 407 West 42nd Street, Clinton, (212) 695-6909.
SightPath is a privately owned company based in Waltham, Mass., that was formed only two years ago.
His fans are well aware of those years, on Clowny Street at the Falls Road in the heart of Catholic Belfast where he was born ''on the front line of a war,'' as he puts it.
Whether overloading played a role in the Firestone tire failures is not clear.
Battery Park, Great Lawn, Lower Manhattan; (212) 219-3910.
If the current laws are not strong enough, they want new laws that will stop people from making some kinds of open technology.
His name appears twice on this year's ballots -- as a candidate for re-election to the Senate and as the Democratic vice-presidential candidate.
Contact Graham Funeral Home, 1036 Post Road, Rye, NY.
If the people do not in the end choose me, so be it.
As they took stock today, campaign workers, supporters and friends said they hoped that at the very least Mr. Florio's legacy would be rehabilitated.
After all this time, it got to be irritating, Chrebet said, trying to explain to strangers exactly how he could sit next to a guy who had once famously and derisively labeled him ''the team mascot.''
Beloved and cherished husband of Bernice.
''The whole PC sector took a hit from the IDC and Dataquest numbers coming out, but those were essentially retrospective,'' said Daniel Kunstler, an analyst with J. P. Morgan.
No matter what one's need for a narrative tether, however, Mr. Wilson's presentation of his aesthetic can't help but be impressive, even at times awe inspiring.
''James Soong was a party hack from the moment he joined the KMT until the moment he was thrown out,'' said Shelley Rigger, an expert on Taiwanese politics at Davidson College in North Carolina.
The News Corporation is planning to spin off Sky Global Networks, its big international satellite operation for pay TV, Internet and data services and is interested in adding a United States satellite business to it.
Sometimes professional feeding is needed for large shrubs and trees where the commercial power augers can be used to go down deep into the soil and place the nutrients where they are most needed.
But that would entail having in place an objective, competent mental health presence in SportsWorld.
It's a two-phase plan, Jim.
The pope inched out of the car onto a three-step riser covered with worn carpeting.
Aetna provides health insurance to 21 million Americans.
After all, he once hired a gambler to collect damaging information about Mr. Winfield.
Through all of your difficulties you never despaired.
It is unclear whether it was deliberate or coincidental; Israeli Army officials said they had secured permission for the killing in advance and then chose a tactically good time.
Nothing illustrates the differences between the two men's investing personalities so much as their biggest single acquisitions.
Although little is known of the history of the house to be demolished -- the original building permit was issued in 1906, city records say -- the history of the neighborhood is better documented.
Tasha Pointer is expected to travel to New Jersey on Tuesday, her mother said.
The startled party representative explained that the speech was to be delivered as though it were his own.
Since Shinsei and Nippon Credit are both creditors of a number of visibly struggling companies, like the convenience store operator Daiei Inc. and the building contractors Hazama Corporation and Kumagai Gumi, the government will probably face the same tough choice repeatedly -- unless politicians can somehow ban the granting of guarantees against further deterioration in loan values.
He also won significant in-season vacations for the umpires.
But during the civil trial, on Nov. 20, Officer Raymond came under withering questioning from Mr. Brewington over the incident and whether he correctly answered a question on the Nassau police application about it.
Like the Buena Vista Social Club from Cuba, she now carries forward music from a prerevolutionary era that has taken on new connotations.
Time would separate the contestants if they matched faults.
At the time of the crime, Mr. Castillo was living with Mr. Garcia and his family in a public housing complex.
''What terrifies me is that, as I rip the exhausted envelope, she may be dead,'' he says.
But Mr. Wade sounded a combative note at his home late tonight, insisting that Mr. Diouf could win in the first round only by rigging votes.
In addition to the Sisters of Mercy, the others are the Franciscan Sisters of Peace in Haverstraw, the Sisters of Saint Dominic in Blauvelt, the Society of the Holy Child Jesus in Rye and the Sisters of the Blessed Sacrament in Scarsdale.
''Cuban balseros are not likely to wash up on the Jersey Shore,'' he said, using the word for refugees who arrive on rafts.
Soccer games have traditionally featured one referee who calls fouls and two linesman who deal with offside violations and other infractions.
Billy Graham is the voice of James Garfield, the only ordained minister to serve as president.
I decided, right then, that I wanted to find a place to stay nearby.
The bill does little to stop once-wealthy debtors from using mansions, trust funds and pension accounts -- devices they use now -- to keep their assets out of the hands of their creditors.
Hundreds of thousands of citrus trees, mostly in commercial groves, in South Florida have already been chopped down to stop the spread of canker, a disease that threatens Florida's citrus industry, which is second only to tourism in the money it takes in.
While middle-class parents can afford to pay for private tutors, who charge up to $150 an hour, poor families have fewer choices.
Meets Sunday at 2 p.m. on the southwest corner of 58th Street and Seventh Avenue.
''This never would have happened if Paul didn't have some problems,'' said a person who has known the family for decades.
Here again are actors like Laurence Harvey, Richard Burton, Claire Bloom, Julie Christie, Alan Bates, Rita Tushingham and Vanessa and Lynn Redgrave; writers like John Osborne, Shelagh Delaney, Harold Pinter and Alan Sillitoe; and directors like Lindsay Anderson, Tony Richardson, Karel Reisz and John Schlesinger.
Between Poughkeepsie and the Tappan Zee Bridge, Coast Guard vessels have been breaking up the ice and clearing the channel to make way for vessels.
I LOVE potato gnocchi, but they are too Italian for my menu.
But Jamison and Donyell Marshall each had 4 points in an ensuing 12-2 spree as Golden State regained the lead, 25-22.
Preeminent dealer in Americana and authority in American Antiques, age 89, passed away July 9, 2000.
When he asked for 700 or 800 soldiers for the ''Triumphal March,'' which marks the return of Radames from the battlefield, Shanghai said he could have more than 1,500.
This same Congress made nonpayment of taxes by I.R.S.
We don't want to change the look of the building.''
Other state and city education officials complained yesterday that Mr. Mills and Mr. Levy were spending too much time arguing over the semantics of the order, to the detriment of the public schools.
That would now take a drop of more than 1,100 points, or 500 points more than the Dow fell on Friday.
On the way to the little village of Gasa, where we'd hoped to visit the dzong, John slipped and fell off the trail.
Ms. Bay, who did not want a bicoastal marriage, told CNN that she would likely have to leave ''Moneyline'' for some other duty.
''My apartment is already dark,'' said Ms. Mercado, who is losing four windows.
Dinner for two with wine: about $45.
It has been business as usual for the 102-foot-long, 24,000-pound model of a British Airways Concorde overlooking Times Square, even though British and French aviation officials grounded the Concorde fleet after an Air France Concorde crashed in July.
''French cheeses have become more compromised by industrialization and demand,'' said Max McCalman, the cheese expert at Picholine in Manhattan.
Viacom said yesterday that it would cut the staff at MTVi Group, the Internet division of MTV Networks, by 105 positions, or 25 percent.
Erick Barkley has signed with the player agent whose relationship with Barkley last winter was part of the focus of a National Collegiate Athletic Association investigation.
Don't miss the turf-covered church, the dauntingly steep stairs in the houses and the rolled Icelandic crepes ($3.80) in the 1835 Restaurant.
To the Editor: Re ''China's Opportunities, and Ours,'' by President Clinton (Op-Ed, Sept. 24): On reading Mr. Clinton's motivations for our recent trade agreements with China, I was appalled to note that he did not mention the events at Tiananmen Square in 1989.
Nevertheless, several Westchester drivers said they had been harassed and ticketed by New York City officials even after paying the $225 annual fee for a Tier 2 permit.
As the top political official of China's capital, Mr. Jia presided over the huge parade on the 50th birthday of the People's Republic on Oct. 1.
Finally there is Griet's own family.
And while no team wants to settle for moral victories, Hofstra had nothing to hang its head over.
The Montreal Botanical Garden, 4101 Sherbrooke East, one of the world's largest, hits full bloom in late June.
There was nothing to do, no form of diversion.
''My observation from being in that world for almost a decade is that there's a lot of big-monopoly bias,'' said Elizabeth Fetter, a former executive at U S West Inc., a regional Bell.
A lawyer for the youths said they had acted as if in a video game and had not understood their action might kill people.
They were without two players who could have matched Smits's presence but pieced together a second-half strategy that worked.
Out of the blue, when they were cooling down after their regular morning jog, a colonel was groped by her male running partner, another colonel who forcefully tried to embrace her, she said.
''So we always try to make it nice for non-soccer players.
That meant that West was void in spades and would not know what to lead against seven no-trump.
Kellogg bought Worthington Foods, another vegetarian meal company, and General Mills bought Muir Glen and part of Small Planet, a natural food maker.
To the Editor: Stephen Holden asks why satirical films are currently unpopular [''Satire Is Dying for Our Sins,'' June 18], but he touches on, then ignores, the most obvious answer: in the 1960's, Mr. Holden writes, ''American movie audiences could recognize and savor a dark social comedy.''
She lives with her grandparents, and there is only one other house on her side of the street that is not boarded up.
Kirk was simply brilliant in the early stages, but he found himself helpless on the first three goals.
Nor did he wish to be.
These were spent in travel and in a growing interest in the study of the art of the South West.
Mr. Deitch said he could not comment on the provenance of the work, and added that the issue of compensation notwithstanding, ''the really important thing is that a great group of these works will be in the Brooklyn Museum.''
In recent years, Haiti has been paralyzed by a political standoff that has left the nation without a Parliament or constitutionally-appointed prime minister.
This balanced biography portrays the Nobel Prize-winning scientist as a brilliant but tormented man who dominated elementary particle physics in the heady 1950's and 60's.
He thought about opening a brewpub in Philadelphia, but there were already several there.
After the chocolate melts calmly on your tongue, an unexpected ingredient, cayenne, begins to rear its head, lashing your mouth with fire.
1-seeded team in two years to lose in the second round, where they had not been beaten since 1990.
After meeting in closed session this afternoon to review the proposed merger, the five commissioners of the Federal Trade Commission emerged to issue a cryptic statement saying that the agency would give the companies only three more weeks to satisfy its concerns.
In the dappled shade also grew wild hibiscus, wild cotton, wild cinnamon, limber caper and three types of rangy cactuses.
Now here I am, confined to this little cubicle.
Mr. Kout has a fidgety manner on the podium that may take adjusting to, and the Met musicians sounded as if they were still accustoming themselves to his conception of the score.
He called the president's decision to visit ''important for peace and progress in South Asia and it justifies our stand.''
The guest list aimed at the kind of young, rich, beautiful people who have always been moths to the Formula One flame in Europe.
The plot is weak and lacks imagination, the character development is all over the shop and writing style is quite muddled in places.
.3:48:42 6620 Schutz, H, 45M .
Ages 7 to 16 are half price; ages 6 and under are free.
He had the prerogative of giving background and going off the record completely.
Mallon was not the only player who made costly mistakes.
Now that Mr. Bush has caved on the issue of prescription drug insurance -- though he still claims that he can get it at bargain prices -- the additional spending proposed in his plan amounts to about 45 cents out of his four dollars.
''But the bottom line is, she feels that that should be set aside, and that a middle ground can be found.''
''Hollywood has changed and things don't happen as they once did.
For one thing, your daughters will be reassuringly safe, which is the first consideration of most parents.
Mr. Gore would spend the first three days of the convention campaigning around the country.
These, he said, are best devoured privately, if at all.
Admission: $2.50; the elderly, $1.25; children 3 to 12, 50 cents; 2 and under, free.
''This probably pushes AOL closer to AT&T and other cable operators and away from the Bell operating companies in terms of broadband distribution,'' said Eric Strumingher, a communications analyst for Paine Webber.
''How do you have common ground?''
Instead, New York City is enveloped in fog.
He will be sorely missed and affectionately remembered.
''He seems the most presidential, the most dignified of the candidates,'' Kris Berger, 35, said after the speech.
The actors all go about their jobs diligently; passion flows from every side as the audience receives hints of the secrets that Lucy harbors and that Robert seeks to dig up.
In extreme cases, you will have to remove and reconstruct the entire frame.
North's negative double of the one-heart overcall theoretically showed a fourcard spade suit in standard methods, but alternative actions were also unattractive.
Again, the match was decided by penalty kicks.
I never felt better about a horse three weeks prior to the Derby since Winning Colors.''
The House Armed Services Committee rejected today, 40 to 17, a proposal by Representative Tom Allen, Democrat of Maine, to permit the Pentagon to reduce unilaterally its strategic forces to Start II levels before the treaty actually enters into force.
Two vegetarian choices showed that it's not necessary to get on the red-meat-lamb-bandwagon in order to eat food with some kick to it.
TRIBE -- But it seems to me that the federal question, which is really what brings us here, can only arise if 3 U.S.C., Section 5 is something other than what -- Mr. Olson called it an invitation to the state.
As we get back into the Internet sector, it will probably be a name we add sooner rather than later.
The cabbies were angry and frightened.
Sand of Federal District Court in Manhattan told a defendant in the embassy bombings case this week, ''I really don't want to get into a debate with you about the American system of justice.''
''My job is to be very rigorous, to train their internal eye,'' said a Manhattan consultant, Jeanne Greenberg Rohatyn.
I lay quietly while my face was spritzed with orange blossom essence and massaged with acupressure.
Joline's brother Jay (Casey Affleck), for instance, happily lives in curious menage with a lesbian couple, one of whom is also divorced.
Meanwhile, a sleazy karaoke hustler (Mr. Lewis) is reluctantly reunited with his daughter, a third-generation Vegas showgirl (Ms. Paltrow) with the speech patterns of a 12-year-old and the voice of an angel.
Several generations of visionaries have made possible the city's rise from the ashes of defeat.
Ultimately one senses not an ''American Century'' or even half-century but two decades, the 1950's and 60's, during which American art -- seen in isolation -- held its ground.
Instead, in the case of the impeachment-torn Clinton presidency and the poisonously partisan environment in which it has functioned, we're given only one sweeping conclusion to draw, and as enunciated by Professor Neustadt, it's a debatable not to mention downbeat one at that.
But Mr. Schroder received the party's support after he had promised to support building a highly subsidized power plant in the state.
Analysts had expected no change.
Crawling along that same highway BEHIND you is a big orange truck spewing thousands of pellets of salt in every direction.
''I can't remember when he's had two bad games in a row,'' Muckler said of York.
On our three-day visit, Angela and I stayed at the Grand, along with another couple.
''It's something that you don't budget in.''
These were the Bushes -- politics was in their plasma.
But the United States was the focus of the most vitriol.
The apparatus is, in other words, a 20th-century-style attempt to strip the scientific lab-machine of its oppressive authority.
''They set out on a course to inflict the maximum cost on their rivals, even sometimes killing the woman.''
Richard M. Lupoletti of East Hampton, a retired school librarian and former president of the East Hampton Trails Preservation Society, said that last year volunteer trail guides conducted 150 free hikes on the East Hampton trails that attracted more than 4,000 people.
She could not find a publisher for her ''Miracles Are Golden,'' a 61-page Christmas novella about a little boy who is reincarnated as a golden retriever to comfort a dying child.
Born in Washington, D.C. & raised in Manhattan, Jeanne was a resident of River Vale for 45 years.
There are two long runways of 7,000 feet, but they intersect, which means that even in perfect weather, using both of them turns the air traffic controller into a choreographer of a three-dimensional ballet.
Afro-Brazilian music composed by Tote Gira will accompany the piece, played live on drums, acoustic guitar and the berimbau, a traditional one-stringed instrument central to the rhythm of capoeira.
Harveys Casino Resorts, a casino operator based in Lake Tahoe, Nev., is delaying its takeover of a rival, Pinnacle Entertainment, the two companies said in separate statements.
Still, Dr. McMahon's showing suggested that Mrs. Clinton must contend with a group of Democratic voters who dislike her.
New York voters have turned down bond acts more often than they have approved them, with a traditional split between upstate voters, who generally dislike borrowing measures, and those in the New York City metropolitan region, who have tended to favor them.
He coached the varsity city baseball team to their first city championship in the school's history in 1952.
The discovery of Jack changes all.
The shutout loss was the Steelers' first at home since it happened twice in 1989.
Mr. Mellon said in an interview in July that Ford was trying to intimidate Dr. Thomas into dropping his civil suit by asserting that he murdered his wife and blamed the air bag.
Of the foreign rabbis, he said, ''They are concerned about the bones of our predecessors, but people today, living people, don't interest them.''
''And he wouldn't have a chance.''
He is a splendid talent and a zealous competitor who worked hard in the off-season to improve his jump shot.
That sort of harassment has faded, the ambassador said.
Prison moratorium groups say the correctional officers' union, the most powerful union in the state and one of Mr. Davis's major campaign contributors, is behind pushing the Delano prison through the Legislature.
Third Wave Technologies, based in Madison, Wis., develops nucleic acid detection technology, which PE Biosystems plans to combine with its technology for genetic analysis.
The play is based on Melville's grim allegorical tale, set in the British Navy, of good pitted against evil.
He would gather information as a researcher on these books.
Ms. Gruber brought a sweet timbre and an ear for nuance to her portrayal of Susanna, and Mr. Ely, who possesses a strong, appealing bass-baritone, matched Ms. Gruber's agility and timing.
''He's looked as comfortable as he has all year.''
Some places affected by the storms are closed, and many are damaged, but that shouldn't spoil many visits.
MOTORSPORTS International Motorcycling Federation IMF--Announced the Court of Arbitration for Sport has upheld the remainder of the three-week suspension of Noriyuki Haga.
Yesterday's vote by the union's 3,000 members followed Wednesday's vote by the Board of Education to accept the new agreement.
Sun has also been in Microsoft's cross hairs ever since Microsoft began trying to move up the computer industry food chain in the early 1990's.
''I'm very glad,'' added Dr. Jonathan Jacobs, an infectious-disease specialist at New York Presbyterian Hospital, ''that we're not doing this interview in person.''
Brown and Reagan shared the distinction of starting political life on the other side, Brown as a Republican and Reagan as a pro-New Deal, pro-Truman Democrat.
Many of the paintings are little more than sketches, capturing the fleeting effects of light and the patterns of clouds in motion.
Boston beat visiting Kansas City, 8-2, but the Red Sox were concerned about their third baseman John Valentin, who appeared to seriously injure a knee last night.
He added that the city was losing ''hundreds of millions if not billions of dollars'' because it lacked a big indoor stadium.
Russ Rogers's Ohio State men's squad was first in the distance medley in 9:49.92 and Ron Basil's Tulane quartet won the women's medley in 11:57.59.
Other apartments have gone into the former Shillito Department Store.
How much can it bear?
I'll continue to fight through my mistakes.
Her title for many years was simply that of general manager, but Ms. Cage was a linchpin of the City Ballet.
Still, the idea is new to New York, and certainly new to Off Off Broadway, where many performers still view Hollywood as anathema to real creative work.
Apart from the many photographs and renderings of the building and its details, a striking item in the show is a large-scale facsimile blueprint of its Broadway elevation.
It was notable that Mr. Stoiber used the masculine pronoun ''he'' in his description of the ideal candidate.
And treated to a bit of lemon and butter, an order of shrimp Caravela brought a half-dozen juicy jumbos in a notably crisp gossamer crust.
The researcher, Dr. Tamara D. Lauder, is now working at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minn. Dr. Lauder and her colleagues studied 423 enlisted women and officers at Fort Lewis, in Washington, over a one-year period.
But an adolescent says he likes it and the risks don't bother him, so you know that he's not avoiding a dialogue on the subject.''
An automatic system in the cockpit warned that the plane was descending rapidly, said the board, which has brought the flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder to its laboratory here.
Why can't you let him kick the football?'
The reasons for shed spread are mundane.
Such agents are getting better and better at haggling, the way Deep Blue keeps getting better at playing chess.
Even more worrisome for Mr. Holt is that several polls show the race as neck and neck.
But by April he had a fever he could not shake and increasingly suffered from fatigue.
(He read English at Cambridge.)
Fresh Kills, which opened in 1948, they noted, was supposed to be temporary.
COLLEGE LONG BEACH STATE--Announced the resignation of Julie Cochran, women's soccer coach.
It's a game of small numbers to push Mr. Kostunica under 50 percent.
This doesn't mean the mustards are made here.
Why, then, do New Yorkers keep fighting these stores?
In addition to a large crowd of reporters and fans, the magician had his girlfriend, the model Josie Maran, and his younger brother Michael on hand to lend support, as well as a team prepared to extract him if anything goes wrong.
Pointing to Ms. Vega, Ms. Wilson said, ''That's who I want to speak with.''
Lately, Fleury has asked reporters after every goal how long it took him to get there last season.
Group,'' officials from the internal security service, which Mr. Putin once headed and which is one of the heirs to the Soviet K.G.B.
Notes were attached to the front of her mother's medical chart to alert all staff members.
''And I support that view and will be campaigning very hard for his election.''
The kites are made of simple colored tissue paper and bamboo.
Why these not very cool but otherwise healthy-looking guys are so neurotic is not made clear in the debut episode.
We can dispense with those masculine pronouns, turn to the performing arts and focus on the United States, the country of Eliot's birth, which went unnamed in that essay.
But after a decade of stagnating spending power, rising taxes and a brain drain to the United States, Canada's frustrated conservatives are showing a greater willingness to unite.
Broadly speaking, English jokes aren't funny in the United States, no matter what background people have.
Tonight and tomorrow at 8 p.m. Tickets: $8; Theater Development Fund vouchers accepted.
Clinton, you can run the negative campaign about tearing people down,'' Mr. Lazio says in a 30-second ad that will begin running this week.
Loehmann's said it was in talks with its creditors' committee and expected to seek approval from the Bankruptcy Court on Sept. 6.
In addition, the World Bank and other international lending organizations were putting pressure on Gabon to improve its environmental record.
''Well, we came, we took our doses and now it's thank you very much and please leave.
With him, as well as with several other artists as colleagues, the enthusiasm became full-blown; it was given a rather metaphysical name, Indian Space Painting.
Mr. Dugan said private schools have a right to teach students whatever they deem fit, but he said parents are led to believe anthroposophy is not an in issue in the classroom.
''I expected this to sail through, but I was wrong,'' said Anne Saxon-Hersh, president of the park group.
''Everybody up there was frantic.
The ghosts special will purport to display videotape evidence of ''allegedly ghostly phenomena.''
The cycle may be suppressed, foresters say, but only at the cost of more powerful fires when it re-emerges.
Was an Associate Managing Editor for Family Circle Magazine in New York City for over 20 years.
''We played it every night,'' said Arthur Kaminsky, Dryden's lawyer and hotel roommate.
Requests should go to Wolfferwines@hamptons.com.
Not surprisingly, traditional wedding authorities disapprove.
The country's supreme religious leader, he said, was ''not infallible,'' and under Iran's constitution, had ''no right to exercise absolute power.''
Three years ago, she stunned the organizers of the Memoriad by showing up on the morning of the event, just for fun, unannounced, unregistered, unpracticed, and knocking all the pumped-and-primed memory nerds silly.
While Mr. Sankoh's capture ended days of intense speculation about his whereabouts, it immediately raised the issue of what to do with him.
On the basis of these books, Stempel made him artistic head of their in-house print shop in 1947, despite his youth.
3 p.m. Also next Fridayat 8 p.m. Tickets: $15 in advance, $20 at the door.
Mr. Giuliani said these trials were a huge success, with some retailers experiencing as much as a 77 percent increase in sales.
And after widening her lead through the homestretch, she finished far in front of Rings a Chime, who had a length and a half on Classy Clara, with Miss Seffens fourth.
While only fecal occult blood tests have been shown to prevent colon cancer, the other screening tests should have a similar effect, but it has not yet been proven in rigorous tests, Dr. Woolf said.
Pour in about three-fourths of a cup of water and season to taste with salt and pepper.
I think in different contexts it's not necessarily the case.
At close to midnight on the final night, after his stormy meeting with Mr. Arafat, Mr. Clinton made a final proposal regarding Jerusalem.
It is enough, under New Hampshire law, for a judge to commit no ''high crime or misdemeanor'' but merely ''maladministration'' -- a word that lawmakers seemed to have trouble defining today.
Mambo drums herald the women's arrival in Cuba.
Secondly, we spent $4.7 billion a year on the uninsured in the state of Texas.
There are important differences, some involving quality and others practicality.
South Africa (3-0) leads Group E with 9 points.
This was a Lightner, suggesting a strong desire for a specific lead.
Television monitors announce case, time and court part: now boarding for personal bankruptcy.
Meanwhile, the pool of venture capital here is swelling.
''She comes from Riverdale, a chunk of the district that represents maybe 10 percent,'' Mr. Benedetto said.
The 75-minute evening raga, ''Phari Jhinjhoti,'' which made up the bulk of the concert, opened up into improvisatory figures played by Mr. Khan to be followed by his son; at a nod from Mr. Khan, the two would play the long melody in unison and then go back to improvising.
Morris first heard about ''voter suppression'' when Democratic consultants explained how, in the late 1970's, they defeated an antilabor ballot issue in Missouri by spending all their money on get-out-the-vote efforts among union members -- and virtually no money on advertising.
But Stanley Blumenstein, Dr. Vitow's successor at the hebrew academy, doubted whether the new school would be able to attract students.
In that respect, PetroChina's initial public offering is reminiscent of another Goldman-led offering, for China Telecom.
Kitchen Cabinet Almost no one recognized the White House pastry chef, ROLAND MESNIER, during a reception on Monday for HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON'S book ''An Invitation to the White House.''
At Kolubara, where the police had already shown they were not ready to use force to break the strike, Daniel spent the day chatting amiably with workers and drinking coffee.
The cats who are overnight ''guests'' (Ms. Zuchert would never call them ''boarders'') will not languish from boredom while they are parked at Biscuits and Bath.
''McGarrah/Jessee is a fine branding agency, and they got us to a certain level, but the capability of BBDO as an ad agency and the additional agency services is so much wider,'' he said.
The community wanted to separate itself from Mr. Sheeley.
Beginning last spring, she said, Ford canvassed the nation and asked experts to nominate exemplary arts organizations doing creative work that also had strong financial management.
I won the national choreographic competition for Hubbard Street Dance in Chicago.
Beloved uncle of Martin and Debra Greenberg and Susan and Evan Schneider.
Beneficiaries must report for a face-to-face interview and prove that they are still needy, a process known as recertification.
Hours later, Microsoft did file the notice of appeal.
The group also publishes an anthology of writing by teenagers, puts on a touring art show (at the State Aquarium in Camden through this month) and holds an annual arts festival.
''We want to get this thing negotiated,'' he said, ''but it has to be done on reasonable terms.''
STATE THEATER The New Jersey Symphony Orchestra, featuring Jean-Yves Thibaudet, pianist, presents the first week of its ''Rachmaninoff Festival.''
Perhaps the capacity to learn in public is the active ingredient in the creative sensibility.
''The use of light colors helps to create a cheerful atmosphere'' and to ''safeguard the mental health of students,'' the ministry directive stated.
Some already report that they are being offered more goods from collectors who once relied on auctions to sell.
He said politics, not concern for the good of consumers, was driving the legal wrangling.
Local and national pension reforms can help them do so.
And he bought a substantial interest in Mediatrip.com, which his Revolution Studios intends to use as a marketing tool for his feature films and as an incubator for new characters and offbeat stories.
''I tend to trust more those that have stores that I frequent in person.''
Fifteen-year mortgages also fell, to an average 7.50 percent from 7.53 percent last week, Freddie Mac said.
He suggested that it was reasonable for the studios to try to get children to persuade their parents to take them.
Ed's mark on this city, this profession and on everyone he touched, will endure for many decades.
''We'll stay all night if we have to,'' he said.
''I was blown away by his inaugural address,'' he said.
Al Gore says he'll mount a ''revolution'' in education with a 3 percent bump in national school spending.
Our deepest condolences go to his wife Doris and his son Richard.
In the end, though, the offer of a loan was fraudulent, the mining project was a scam and Mr. Ahlert and his partner were out about $300,000, all the poorer for having proved a law enforcement adage that a booming economy breeds white-collar crime.
If either Tampa Bay or Baltimore -- the two teams thought to be most interested in trading for him -- land the wide receiver, the Jets would face him.
.3:40:03 4901 Goldstein, K, 42M .
May the Almighty console the family together with the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.
Robinson, who ran a tight, no-nonsense training camp, has the respect and admiration of his players.
And many Internet users may not know how to hunt for those ''.exe'' files that install many of the browser applications.
(Opening day at Geppetto's toy shop is pictured as the equivalent of the week before Christmas at F.A.O.
You can drink at 21.
Late last month, the chairmen of the two groups were directed by Pataki administration officials to either fire their executive directors or to have their boards do so at their next joint meeting, on Wednesday.
The researchers tested a rice variety grown in tropical climates and one grown in more temperate areas.
But some of the wealthiest Democrats in the entertainment business who are especially friendly with Mr. Clinton -- at least publicly -- expressed delight with Mr. Gore's selection.
''We hope we can get the ground rules laid out as we get into an Internet age.''
The starters have an E.R.A.
''I think he's developing some negative attitudes toward your American president,'' said Ghassan Khatib, a Palestinian political expert.
So instead of sitting back and worrying about the case, we focus on what we can control.''
The historical society has objected to changes to the side of the house that faces the lighthouse, which calls for two sets of double windows.
Environmental advocates, who have been battling with the Whitman administration over water pollution rules this year, said they thought they know why New Jersey was one of five states that had not filed.
Each candidate had a full hour on ''Oprah'' to say he loved his family and to reveal his favorite food.
What she did not get from her boyfriend she got by working as a prostitute.
The official, Assistant Chief Charles Kammerdener, defended Operation Condor in his testimony and said it was constantly being re-evaluated.
''They're impossible to play if you don't know them,'' he said.
They include perhaps 3,000 scavengers and another 9,000 or so people whose livelihoods depend directly on what urban experts call ''the recycling waste chain.''
And everyday we try to do for others what you have done for us.
(Those seat-back phones on some airplanes are usually not cellular; they are satellite phones that are compatible with the plane's instruments.)
An investor backed out, and Mr. Thompson has had trouble spreading the word about his product, which is among several rollators being sold in what has been a very small market.
Before Owens Corning filed for bankruptcy, Armstrong stock was trading for more than $11.
And why does the report minimize the fact that city police officers use deadly force less than officers in other major cities, presenting that as a department assertion?
Nde3 by 23 Ne3 fe 24 Qd1 Nf2 25 Rf2 ef 26 Qb3 Kh8 27 Qb7 because 27 .
Their mathematics curriculum is the boilerplate city and state math curriculum, which has been around, as one teacher said wearily, forever.
The orders were issued at times of perceived Nixon mental instability.
They have no resident rabbi; an itinerant rabbi visits from Avignon to officiate during holidays and as needed.
and, if found improper, can be banned before they become widespread.
Less than two months before Mr. Benitez's death, a federal police commander who had been battling the traffickers was gunned down in Tijuana by state police officers working as Arellano bodyguards.
LAKERS 105, ROCKETS 99: Kobe Bryant scored a season-high 37 points and lifted the Los Angeles Lakers out of a mini-slump with a victory over visiting Houston.
He criticized the arrest of the media baron Vladimir Gusinsky in June, and in August he broadcast interviews with angry relatives of the sailors who died when the submarine Kursk sank.
Mr. Wolf, 30, is the marketing director in New York for AOL MapQuest, which provides maps and travel directions on the Internet.
Newsweek's editor in chief, Richard Smith, said yesterday that in his new job, Mr. Spoon could focus on analyzing the potential of new ventures, without worrying about actually managing them.
KATONAH -- ''Maine and the Modern Spirit,'' featuring works by Edward Hopper, George Bellows, Marsden Hartley, Carl Sprinchorn and others.
Bettis has five consecutive 1,000-yard seasons.
And that is what the American dream is all about.
In fact, Dr. Tooby said, he entered graduate school in anthropology at Harvard in part because ''I was interested in cracking the problem of culture, in what was the underlying mechanism.''
They are in Akron, Ohio; Decatur, Ill., Des Moines; Noblesville, Ind.
Mr. Cortez says the couple came to the United States in 1988 from Oaxaca ''because of the need to do something with our lives, to have money to buy a house, buy a car and help my parents economically.''
He was one of many sources, valuable not for the information he provided but for the way he was able to deepen Woodward and Bernstein's understanding of the information they had garnered elsewhere.
After conquering East Jerusalem from Jordan in the 1967 Arab-Israeli war, Israel declared that the city would ''eternally'' remain united and under exclusive Israeli sovereignty.
Even if these conditions do not exist, careful pruning of diseased or dead limbs can produce healthier, fuller shade trees.
Daniel Flamberg, 46, executive vice president and director at APL Direct, was named to head Lowe Lintas Direct as managing director.
Her Holiday-like phrasing, smoke-charred timbre and anguished intensity take you to the core of songs describing states of emotional torture: facing the imminent departure of a lover who has lost interest (''You've Changed''), and helpless erotic obsession (''You're My Thrill'').
WINNIPEG CYCLONE--Signed G Tes Whitlock.
Now we're dealing with breaking editorials.''
The eight clay tennis courts will be replaced by courts with a fast-drying surface.
''But you have to understand,'' he said, ''that a new technology is emerging that is going to be increasingly dominant in distributing that information.''
Dinner for two, with wine, about $70.
White House officials emphasized Mrs. Clinton's role.
They think that we are property and they can kill us.''
They all want to make it sound cute but my long-haired brothers and sisters will understand the truth of it and see through their short-haired pig lies.
One of their most significant internal discussions seems to be whether to make a spot for outfielder ANDY BROWN, their No.
But the bill alarmed planners, preservationists and local officials, Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani of New York most prominent among them.
Lawrence, the labrador, who barked at suitcases on wheels.
Where is the line to be drawn between the powers of the free market and the authority of elected officials and regulators?
The issue has taken on a heightened focus elsewhere in the South in recent months.
Diaz, who agreed to a deal with Class AAA Oklahoma, was invited to major league spring training as a nonroster player.
MARLINS 5, EXPOS 4: Vladimir Guerrero's error allowed the go-ahead run to score in the ninth inning as visiting Florida stopped a three-game losing streak.
On one recent Friday, the staff at the TriBeCa Grand included two black-swaddled doormen outside and an all-blond three-woman team at the lounge's maitre d'hotel station.
Experts say Russia will need to cooperate more if such a rescue network is going to work.
There was much to admire in the speed and clarity with which he cut his way through the thickets of Schumann's writing.
A picture of Hillary during her Rose Law Firm days flashes on the screen.
A county vehicle should not be a perquisite, he said, adding that he agreed with the Democrats' motivation but questioned whether new laws were needed.
In each of their biennial programs, Berkeley Festival organizers try to include one blockbuster capable of attracting both early-music fans and broader audiences.
G. David Orr, an economist at First Union Securities, said, ''If that is not targeting the stock market, what is it?''
The French report said that Monaco risks destabilizing markets through a lack of surveillance of its banking and financial sectors, and could hardly succeed in joining the Euro zone unless it mended its ways.
The man's name was not released last night because his family had not been notified, the police said.
''We think campuses are preferable to studios,'' she said, ''and we believe that six networks are preferable to one or two.''
He hit .245 for the Tigers last year in his first big-league season.
Of New Rochelle, NY and NYC, died November 14, 2000.
Antonio McDyess led Denver with 28 points and 12 rebounds.
Within her first few weeks at Jefferson, Jessica tried to commit suicide.
When Burroughs confesses that he has become addicted to writing in his new notebooks, the metaphor is decisive.
The Sharks signed Coach Darryl Sutter to a new contract, five weeks after the team upset the St. Louis Blues in the first round of the playoffs.
And Fernando D. Contreras, vice president of the Philippine Internet Service Organization, a trade group that promotes use of the Internet, remarked, ''It was like the Pearl Harbor that caught us sleeping.''
Technology analysts said that the move came after signals from Wall Street that investors are not happy with the performance of Webvan, a publicly traded Internet company.
But his second Tilton solo is his best work here so far.
Residents at the apartment complex said the four rebels who were killed today had taken shelter overnight in a fourth-floor unit.
The need to collect millions in a hurry has played a dominant role in the Gore-Lieberman campaign's scheduling in recent weeks as the two candidates, both together and apart, have attended major fund-raisers virtually every day.
Incredibly, at the end of the ninth round, Golota was disqualified again for low blows.
Each one either allows the electron to pass or stops it in its tracks.
At the seven meetings held by the Farm Bureau this month, attendance has gone from a dozen farmers to better than 150 at one meeting.
''I said, 'I've got a problem,' '' he recounted.
Department lawyers now prosecute those cases before an administrative law judge.
Dis is de time when we'se got to stick together like glue.
Synagogues in North Africa, Palestine and Hartford were built with swastika mosaics.
Freedom is important too, of course.
In June, a judge in United States District Court found Microsoft in wide violation of state and federal antitrust laws and ordered it broken into two.
Sturgeon was one of a handful of writers who helped create modern science fiction in the 1940's and 50's.
What is startling about Boston, however, is how expensive it has become.
SLAP SHOTS The short-handed goal by JOHN MADDEN put him just one short of the Devils' season record, set last season by BRIAN ROLSTON, who was traded to Colorado this season for CLAUDE LEMIEUX.
So, as with other stages in the case, numerous disagreements remain to be settled before the session can be held.
This is the big leagues.
''It came as a shock to them to find that the people were trying all available ruses to get away from them.''
No action has been taken against any individuals, according to Ms. Jardanhazy.
It represents about 15,000 people, from ad copywriters to lighting technicians to screenwriters.
The digging is over at March, which closed on Easter and reopened last week at twice the size.
He believes that in many ways Pollard, in his adjustment to the tragedy, was like Ishmael, and that Chase was like Ahab, haunted forever by his experiences at sea.
''And our customers are demanding that we use the Internet to give them information in real time.
''It was the craziest thing.
''I wanted closer proximity to death,'' she said, paraphrasing the title of a book about a group of crusading lawyers in Atlanta who represent death row inmates.
.4:46:29 20346 Murphy, H, 33F .
They went on view in Mallett's Bond Street gallery last week in an exhibition titled ''The Age of Matthew Boulton: Masterpieces of Neoclassicism.''
Information: (718) 788-8500 extension 401.
Also, the sheer size of the male audience watching televised coverage of golf, tennis and professional team sports made it simpler to reach men by buying commercial time on those shows.
Pantene is already the market leader, with $516 million in sales and a 13.1 percent share of the market for the 52 weeks ended Aug. 13, according to Information Resources Inc., a market research company in Chicago.
City Hall had no comment on the book.
Shrimp Lisboeta, however, were dry, failing even to pick up the hydrating liquors from their thin tomato sauce.
The ethereal sea bass risotto turned our smiles into grins of pampered satisfaction, a sensation compounded by the sunlight tipping the waves in front of us.
A Mormon church in the area has already expressed interest in their 429 cans of dehydrated food.
A man was shot and slightly wounded early yesterday at the Tunnel nightclub, which has drawn criticism from city officials for its history of violence and drug use.
The story -- of a headstrong young American beauty, making enemies and conquests on the grand Tour -- is still intriguing.
Texas Instruments lost $2.88, to $67.75, after rising 23 percent last week; Lattice Semiconductor shed $3.25, to $64.38; and Advanced Micro Devices Inc. dropped $2, to $68.25.
Efforts to reach and teach girls are hampered by ''poverty, local customs, violence and social or religious bias,'' Unicef said.
Surrounded by deputies, Lewis stepped into a waiting BMW and pulled away from the Fulton County Jail with his lawyers, his mother and his fiancee.
Perhaps the largest of the signs stands outside the central market in the city of Taunggyi.
In 1921, at the suggestion of a visiting Harvard University ichthyologist, Joe's started serving stone crabs.
After leaving Worcester in 1959, Rabbi Schindler rose rapidly through the ranks of the Reform movement, first in Boston, where he founded a New England coalition of Reform synagogues, and later at the Union of American Hebrew Congregations in Manhattan, where he was director of education and then vice president before becoming president in 1973.
King is ranked 313, while Fish is No.
''It's probably one of the best pieces of property in Westchester,'' said Dean J. Shapiro, the executive director of Insignia/ESG, a commercial real estate company in Stamford.
''I think the discipline is strong, I think it's fair, I think it's consistent,'' he said.
Jonathan I. Rosenblatt, Rabbi Tobias B. Schapiro, Pres.
He has said that his books are still banned in Vietnam.
The two companies share an interest in Time Warner Entertainment, a programming and cable operating company with nearly 13 million subscribers.
Corn dropped as heavy rains in the Midwest all but eliminated concern about drought damage to newly planted crops.
''We shall negotiate while fighting,'' the leader, Meles Zenawi, told diplomats from other African nations today.
There were also concerns from community groups over displacement of residential and commercial tenants in the urban renewal area.
The large turnout, which some estimated at 150,000, will be registered by Mr. Milosevic, who said in mid-February that Serbia did not have ''a real opposition,'' only traitorous politicians in the pay of the same Western countries that were bombing this country a year ago.
Air pressure aboard the Endeavour needed to be kept lower than the station's to make it easier for astronauts to conduct three successful spacewalks.
To its critics, the Microsoft effort appears to be intended to fold more Internet software into its industry-standard Windows operating system.
''The struggle between those who own the wealth and those whose labor produces the wealth is one flaw in capitalism that will lead to socialism,'' Mr. Hall said in 1996, repeating the familiar Marxist formulation.
The American Family Association complained on its Web site: ''GOP Veep Candidate Fudges on Social Issues in Debate.''
And new restaurants -- though only a handful of quality ones -- are beginning to appear.
''Excuse me,'' he said, ''Excuse me.
Regulators also no longer collect data directly from repair shops on safety defects, a program that used to provide early warning of safety issues.
Many other states, wrestling with evolution debates of their own, had their eyes on Kansas as the primary neared.
The evidence is purely anecdotal, but talking to psychiatrists in Washington, it is clear that while there have been some changes since Mr. Nixon's time (when his therapist, Dr. Arnold A. Hutschnecker, visited the White House rarely and used false destinations when he signed in), they have largely been around the edges.
Vin Baker, with 11 points, was the only other Sonics player to hit double figures.
Two new works stood out.
Another Republican candidate, Steve Forbes, has spent $750,000 on petition gatherers and a lawyer in an attempt to get on the ballot across the state.
The sound regularities in Indo-European, they say, were not detected until after the languages had been grouped by inductive methods similar to Dr. Greenberg's.
tournament selection, but schools may instead opt for home games.
After a two-week offensive by Ethiopia, Eritrea agreed last week to pull back from the border territory both countries claim -- paving the way, in theory, for peace.
I'm a believer in organizations finding their future from within.
To the Editor: Re ''I Was for Peace.
Not since I was 17, when terror, inexperience and the thrill of liberation informed my driving, has going somewhere seemed so appealing.
Dozens of venture firms, including the top-tier firms and investment arms of major financial institutions, have found they must wait indefinitely for returns that seemed so sure months ago.
Every week a chef challenger comes to the show to try to defeat one of the regulars, a Cooking Iron Man.
''Everybody knew who Gene was, but everybody knew Fred,'' Michael Kelly, Fred's son, said.
.4:48:29 20774 Wagner, H, 60F .
She lost a $25 million lawsuit in January related to her departure from Thompson.
Bath Iron Works is a subsidiary of General Dynamics Corporation.
The West Side Boys, one of several militias that rose up as this West African country sank into anarchy, had been coming down from the surrounding hills to terrorize travelers.
Two friends with criminal records are accused of carrying it out.
American officials have said it was a highly sophisticated ''shaped charge,'' housed in a heavy steel that directed the blast with sufficient power to penetrate the Cole's half-inch reinforced steel hull, designed to withstand a force of 50,000 pounds a square inch, according to the Navy.
ROYALS 7, CARDINALS 4: Jermaine Dye tied a Kansas City record by homering in his fourth straight game, connecting off Pat Hentgen (4-6) as the Royals won in St. Louis.
Saturday at 8 p.m. Tickets: $10; $8 for students.
''You really need to see what it's like out there before you can know how far you can go.''
Debussy's astonishing ''Pelleas et Melisande'' struck many of the composer's uncomprehending contemporaries as musically radical and dramatically inert.
The atmosphere, however, was festive and peaceful, and the only protests against the Islamic regime of Iran appeared to be people handing out leaflets.
MORAVIAN--Named Paul Moyer athletics director.
He has shown strong political instincts, working well with both Republicans and Democrats.
Once the desired spiciness is achieved, stir in the cilantro.
A3 Minister Resigns in France Jean-Pierre Chevenement, a pivotal figure in the socialist-led coalition of Prime Minister Lionel Jospin, stepped down as interior minister, citing a plan to end decades of separatist violence in Corsica.
The pair hit upon a winning recipe: homegrown extracts with a made-in-France label that increased allure in a market still curious about foreign goods.
Not all humor emanates from Cosby-type families; not all casts must be six characters or fewer; not all comedic scripts have to be written in two concurrent plot lines that intersect and resolve at the end of the half-hour.
Because of limits on the number of athletes they can send to the Olympics, the largest, richest nations win a smaller share of medals than their share of the world economy.
The hypothesis linking fiber to a reduced risk of colon cancer dates from 1971, with a paper by Dr. Denis P. Burkitt, a British missionary surgeon who noticed that poor rural Africans had much less colon cancer than affluent Westerners.
The new literature and films by and about women in the ring avoid the heroic, romantic cliches of ''Rocky'' and ''The Champ.''
''I couldn't believe this man hit this ball this far and this fast and this high out of a ballpark.
Mr. Liebman uses the AT&T Wireless service, but he prefers to receive messages rather than go through the hassle of composing and sending them.
In 1998, the council organized a cartoon contest on customer courtesy, and one of the winning entries, depicting a grinning cell phone, was supposed to become a public service advertisement in summer 1999.
The other, in Washington's view, would make it too easy for a country to prohibit imports of genetically modified products in the absence of scientific evidence of risk.
The White House also decided to hold back on the sale of submarines and P-3 Orion anti-submarine aircraft.
One starter, two scoops of eggplant mousse with a mild tomato vinaigrette, was very tasty but looked like liver dumplings.
The opposition media speculates on his campaign role almost daily and he is repeatedly the subject of questions at news conferences given by presidential candidates.
Aboriginal leaders have been pressing the current government for an apology for the treatment of what is now known in Australia as ''the stolen generation.''
Certain practices are as dangerous as they are unlawful.
The New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission has approved the project -- approval was required because the building is in the TriBeCa Historic District.
''I was labeled the bad guy for trying to protect my rights,'' Mr. Garcia said of the reaction to his efforts to get a recount.
''I've also heard people say that most of these things are placebos and if you rub sand on it, it works just as well,'' Dr. Madin said.
Speeding that shakeout could be the tendency of some e-tailers to shy away from anything that is seen as second-tier.
The state's newspapers are falling in behind Jim Florio.
Rabbi Fried and his supporters, many of whom see the shul as a symbol of resistance to gentrification, have not given up hope.
On Tuesday, the Parks Department will hold a ceremony to dedicate the garden.
In a comeback of epic proportions, on one of the world's great golf courses, Woods overcame a seven-stroke deficit with seven holes to play to win the AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am by two strokes over Matt Gogel and Vijay Singh.
Only when the X-rays show Leetch's broken ulna bone has completely healed will he begin working again.
But it is obvious that he is uncomfortable in the field, unfamiliar with where to set himself and react when the ball is reaching him at greater speeds.
Both approaches were deemed failures, but not until they had had a devastating effect on tribal holdings.
''Bit by bit, the vines enter the edges of the woodlands.
and the secularization of the public arena in the '80's and '90's that banned prayer in schools.''
For however mystical their peals, the real miracle of the bells at the Church of the Nativity, as with church bells all over Russia, is that they ring at all.
Until now, there has been no comprehensive effort to measure the number of commercial contracts with schools.
Rear wheels shrieking, front wheels pawing air, they haul immense, weighted sleds down a dirt track as long as a football field.
Another problem was that while Mr. Bush never really had a clear campaign strategy, Mr. Hance did: he focused his campaign on emphasizing local ties and on casting Mr. Bush as a carpet-bagger from the East.
(Let's just say it's a drastic approach to dealing with a broken heart.)
The common estimate is 300,000.
But as more and more New Yorkers are venturing back down into the subway, they are still being greeted by at least one nasty acquaintance from the old days, one that was never really rousted: the Screech.
Steve Phillips recognized that yesterday when he accepted the intention of Rojas and Ordonez to go home.
New York officials condemned the effort as poaching, and few companies took the bait.
In 1874, Rimbaud renounced literature and again crossed the Channel to study English in order to become an explorer and trader.
Before starting the videotape, Dr. Anna Rose Childress gave Mr. Coleman a medication that may someday help him, and others, combat the craving that lures so many back to their addictions.
''There's a house in Hartsdale that was listed at $399,000, and there were so many offers within 24 hours of the listing that the owner instructed the agent to get everybody's best offer in writing,'' said Ms. Friedman, the Houlihan/ Lawrence broker in Westchester.
SEATTLE MARINERS--Activated RHP Freddy Garcia from the 15-day disabled list.
Rafael de Lorenzo, vice president of the committee, said the investigation would continue to determine the eligibility of four other athletes who participated in the Games in October.
Then on Lap 25, as the storm clouds grew dark, a message from the race control tower came across the teams' computer screens, announcing: Man on track.
She's also braver than many women in similar circumstances might be.
''Intervention can't always be avoided,'' he said.
The text was simply: ''These are the stakes, to make a world in which all God's children can live, or to go into darkness.
And that's why many will conclude that the five conservative justices voted twice for president -- once in November and once in December.''
Sponsored by Adventure on a Shoestring.
That collection, he said, is ''helping to constrain the end of the dark age and when the first energy sources turned on.''
In one advertisement running constantly against Propositions 30 and 31, a trio of sleazy-looking lowlifes, in greasy hair and lounge lizard shirts, sling beer bottles as they discuss a scheme to bilk insurance companies in a scam called the ''swoop and squat.''
Both sides agree that ABC changed the terms after the America Online-Time Warner merger was announced in January.
''Only the good drivers survive,'' he said.
Each time, the Riedel enhanced them: Remember, smell governs taste.
Mr. Kee struck again three years later, killing 19-year-old Johalis Castro and burning her body in September 1997.
Janet R. Pickover stands ready to find that special someone to blab at you.
The bacon cheeseburger has turned into a fast-food icon (Burger King alone buys more than five million pounds of bacon a year), and the high-protein, sugar-busting diet faddists positively applaud bacon binges.
''In the words of that slogan that people my daughter's age always use, denial is not just a river in Egypt,'' Mr. Clinton said, to laughter.
If, for example, we pay about $300,000 a year for rent, we would need to raise an endowment of $4 million, which seems feasible.''
Mourning will never be poetry.
In a statement, Mr. Schacht said: ''We wanted to make this public as soon as we discovered the issue.
''I understand what Hovhaness is doing,'' said Mr. Jarrett, who performed Mr. Hovhaness's 1944 piano concerto ''Lousadzak'' (''Coming of Light'') with the American Composers Orchestra in 1981.
But whether the smaller stores can benefit from increased traffic may hinge on whether the rest of downtown is visible and easily accessible to the superstore's customers, he said.
They extended it to 18 points, 55-37, at the 8-minute mark.
Fry was the central ideologue among the Bloomsbury group, which included Virginia Woolf's sister, the appealing painter Vanessa Bell, along with the artist Duncan Grant and the usual cast of Bloomsbury eccentrics and geniuses.
And to tweak our neighbors' wine noses a bit more, some of our B.Y.O.B.
10 1 *THE CAROUSEL, by Richard Paul Evans.
It certainly will not be missed.''
In five years, most Americans will be enjoying broadband Internet from home, maybe 100 times as fast as dial-up modems and always on -- no more waiting for personal computers to power on, boot up, launch browsers, accept dial tone and then dial their screeching modems only to get busy signals from, well, America Offline.
If dough seems too sticky, sprinkle with more flour, 1 tablespoon at a time.
Beatty's distinction, and the first innovation he brings to this year's Oscars, comes from the range of his nominations: four as producer, four as screenwriter, four as actor and two as director.
I would also like to know more about how Provincetown became a summer festival for the gay community; and about cranberries.
Of those, about 460 live on campus; the others live elsewhere around campus and in the St. George Hotel in Brooklyn Heights.
Mr. Ciampi also has the option of appointing a caretaker government, even if the divided center-left majority can agree on a candidate, or calling a snap election.
Bartolo Colon (4-2) lost for the first time in three starts since coming back May 12 following a muscle strain.
Mr. Yeltsin seemed moved by the honor, which Patriarch Diodoros I, the top Orthodox cleric in the Holy Land, also bestowed on the leaders of Ukraine, Georgia, Belarus, Bulgaria, Romania, Moldova and Greece -- several of the countries where the Orthodox Church predominates.
In tribute to Ferruccio Busoni, who died in 1924, the young Italian pianist Fabio Grasso plays Busoni's Third Elegy and 1921 transcription of a Bach toccata.
In Moscow, Mr. Daniel took his readers to the Bolshoi Theater, ''an ornate and refurnished relic of 19th-century Russia'' with ''burnished gilt balconies and vivid red draperies,'' where ''Muscovites circled the foyer in pairs between the acts, seeing and being seen, keeping in line and in step, as if arranging themselves for a quadrille .
Two Orioles errors enabled Minnesota to close to 6-5 in the ninth before Mike Trombley got the last three outs for his third save.
We stretched out our legs on the asphalt.
I know it makes people happy to watch.
''I would have loved for him to be here,'' Brown said of Iverson, the Philadelphia 76ers point guard with whom he seems to be locked in an eternal power struggle.
We wanted to err on the side of brevity rather than wear out our welcome.''
With the exception of Jackie Hoffman, a veteran of Second City, the Chicago improvisational troupe, whose practiced comic hyperbole surfaces in her role as the agent, the cast seems perilously close to suffocation by stereotype.
Russian officials here say their intelligence reports indicate that Mr. Basayev is now suffering from gangrene and is being carried around on a stretcher by Russian prisoners and kidnap victims.
Mr. Harbison may have looked back too often, thus becalming his new piece with an undue reverence for the original.
for digital products, like Britain, where the rate on some items is zero, rather than, say, Sweden and Denmark, where the uniform rate is 25 percent.
We have a responsibility that these students return to their own countries with a solid foundation for dealing with the problems of public health they will find.''
Mona Hatoum, a young British star, has enormous sculptures (a giant vegetable grater the size of a truck, among them) in the main hall at Tate Britain -- ridiculous work but new and conspicuous, which is the point.
A band led by Jimmy Lynch, including four male backup singers harmonizing in falsetto, harked back to jump-blues, 1950's rock and New Orleans rhythm-and-blues.
It gets a laugh, yes, but too glib a laugh to be worth getting, I think.
But teachers also object to a provision that would allow the district to hire outside social workers to work with children.
He's a good businessman, and I knew that if there was an opportunity, regardless of who is presenting it, that would improve his franchise, he would consider it.''
Mr. Galligan called his roommate and musical partner, Howe Lin, who soon joined us.
The failure to capture the fugitive, known in Indonesia as Tommy, is raising questions about the government's commitment to establishing a new rule of law.
Her recital at Alice Tully Hall on Thursday night, with the pianist Warren Jones, was exquisite.
That compares with $291 million last year, and $4 million in 1993, the year before President Clinton lifted the trade embargo.
Yet 39,652 students -- about 63 percent of the 62,537 in grades three through eight who were mandated to attend summer school -- will be promoted.
A18 Effort to Push New Gun Laws President Clinton met with lawmakers to press Congress to break an impasse on gun legislation, then he met with the mother of a 6-year-old Michigan girl whom officials say was shot to death by another first grader.
And it was then, after some banker friends leased a plane and flew to Pebble Beach for a round of golf, that he got the idea for the show.
Mr. Kappock, who is known as Joe, graduated from Northwestern University.
Mr. Bush had in fact campaigned against both Mr. Clinton, promising repeatedly to ''restore honor and dignity to the White House,'' and Vice President Al Gore, whom he later met for less than 20 minutes at another house where his parents had lived in Washington, the official vice-presidential residence at the Naval Observatory.
Its A-frame structure on Linden Boulevard was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright, and Mr. Johnson preached from its pulpit until retiring in 1990.
The Board of Governors and members of Ridgeway Country Club record with deep sorrow the passing of our esteemed member, Fred Hershaft.
Predeceased by his first wife, Eileen Rourke Day Aaroe.
Parishioners making their way to Mass at St. Rita's Roman Catholic Church are propositioned by prostitutes, said the church's pastor, the Rev.
The place is chic but understated: no gleaming mirror reflects the bottles behind the bar and the overall effect may be described as Manet meeting Hopper.
$ -- $25 and under $$ -- $25 to $40 $$$ -- $40 to $55 $$$$ -- $55 and over Past Reviews -- Eating Out columns back to June 1998, along with reviews from The Times and capsule reviews by Times critics of additional restaurants not reviewed in the newspaper, are available on New York Today.
As Fitzgerald constructs a novel out of a series of undergraduate poses, pranks and flirtations, he discovers that the power to attract helps to transform otherwise banal details of life into art.
At an age when most designers are resting on their laurels, Karl Lagerfeld is once again revving up his own label.
The summer season is shaping up to be the revenge of hard, loud, ugly rock 'n' roll.
The talking drums took over much of the electric bassist's work, leaving the music's low end full of space; the best big bands, Mr. Ade's included, are always making secret subtractions.
''Nothing is left,'' said Aminat Gazimagomedova, who returned to Chechnya today from Dagestan, a neighboring region.
Tommy G. Thompson of Wisconsin has been named chairman of the committee that will draft the Republican platform at the party's national convention this summer, an appointment that abortion rights advocates regard as a sign that George W. Bush, the presumed presidential nominee, will not ease the party's staunch anti-abortion position.
From perfection and a No.
The reminder that this phrase is a translation of a Greek text about a man who spoke Aramaic suggests other witnesses the court could call.
Joanna D. Underwood, president of Inform, a New York-based environmental research organization that has also pushed for an end to diesel, added that she believed it also made no sense for cities to begin relying on the still-developing diesel-hybrid technology, at a time when the cleanliness of natural gas buses had already been proved.
Another family angle also applies to Bure, who got an assist in the second period as his playing time increased and his effectiveness improved.
Many regard the ever-increasing trend toward corporate mergers as a prime opportunity for white-collar criminals.
camp we didn't run any better than we did the war.
Guru Maa arranged for the three superstars to celebrate the lunar holiday, Dipawali, the Indian Festival of Lights, at her temple.
Within it, Olmsted's rolling Country Park section is now a golf course.
At least one top Democratic strategist agreed: ''My sense of this is Gore did O.K., but not as well as he should have.
At the beginning of February the individual, identifying himself as Curador, said he had posted the numbers at least three times on different Web sites.
And the schools would qualify for more state aid.
It was like I was used as a go-through to make points to the starting quarterback.
''Subject to the required federal and state approvals, we will also examine the feasibility of gaming as part of the concept.''
The tale of his redemption is well known.
WHEN BROKEN GLASS FLOATS Growing Up Under the Khmer Rouge By Chanrithy Him Illustrated.
Investors' heightened awareness of risk is evident in their flight to the stocks of profitable companies with solid stories.
Thus, when some black players become free agents, they might be quicker to sign with a team that has a black head coach.
The prison murder rate runs at about 30 a year.
Greg Waters, vice president for institutional development at Montclair State, says the administration is delighted.
Life insurance premiums, which grew 40 percent annually early in the 1990's, are still growing at more than 10 percent a year.
Though a handful of the students had come to New Hampshire in November to canvass for Mr. Gore, most were undecided when they registered for the class and used a questionnaire on www.selectsmart.com to find the candidate nearest their views.
For all of us fortunate enough to have known and loved Cecil, we grieve her loss and extend our heartfelt condolences to her husband Jules, daughter Linda and sons Steven and David.
Regular hours: Mondays through Saturdays 9 a.m.to 6 p.m.; Thursdays until 7 p.m.
cable programming away from the USA cable network, possibly to link up all the television rights under one corporate roof.
Mr. Mills, a former Democratic speaker of the Florida House of Representatives who has been the interim dean for a year (and who appointed Professor Nunn to the administration), said there had seldom been overt signs of racism.
Despite often disagreeing on foreign policy issues, Mr. Helms and Mr. Biden enjoy a cordial relationship in the Senate.
With only a relative handful of elections this year, it is difficult to discern an overriding theme.
The two companies merged in 1944.
And earlier this week she donated her services.
''Until now, things had been looking up,'' she said.
But by listening to the plan, Gulotta admitted he was not addressing the sale of the team.
The gallery is open Monday through Saturday 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., and Sunday 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.
The concert completes an all-day symposium on Piazzolla.
The change in Dedric's role is that he's seeing more people behind him, chasing him.
The items most often are priced at a few hundred dollars each, although there are dozens of cases where sellers have defrauded dozens of buyers and made off with $10,000 to $75,000, said Robert Chesnut, eBay's associate general counsel and a former federal prosecutor.
At every stop, the two of them emerged.
At that time, Harold Leventhal, Woody's agent, believed that a family member should take over the Woody Guthrie Foundation.
''We had very long discussions about this,'' Dempsey said in an interview yesterday.
Anesthetists already work without anesthesiologists in some rural and inner-city facilities that cannot afford or cannot attract anesthesiologists.
This film is not rated.
.4:26:11 15884 Farre, E, 45M .
Kevin Young blooped a single to left, and the runners advanced on Adrian Brown's high bouncer to first.
Barbara Crossette (NYT) THE AMERICAS CUBA: ANGER AT U.S. ON ASYLUM -- Reacting to the United States decision last week to give asylum to nine Cuban defectors, Fidel Castro and thousands of protesters converged on a Havana plaza in front of the American diplomatic offices.
They changed the way officers were deployed, placing more in narcotics units that were assigned to high-crime areas.
''It might sound funny, but I think that's real progress toward reunification.''
I think it's terrific to have the data used.
South Korea has unsound banking practices that have effectively subsidized a glut of steel production capacity.
How dare anyone say to me that what I did was wrong?
All that is dissipated when you're a hired hand.
''I am not worried about them tripping up and taking it out on Jeff and his reputation,'' said Michael Holton of T. Rowe Price.
''The important thing is that she wants to be competitive in the Olympic Games.
He had 18 points through three quarters, but did not appear in the fourth until the Knicks trailed by 11 points with 7:26 left.
The action was unrelated to the Lee case.
It will mark the leading edge of a very very cold surge of air.''
's president, has asked every union in the 13-million-member federation to distribute one piece of pro-Gore literature to every union member today, another piece on Thursday and another next Monday.
The new company would seek to replicate in cities like New York and Los Angeles the Tribune success in offering many kinds of media to the Chicago market.
Double-width, extra-long, it is raised and lowered by pulley and counterweights to a space that is his desk by day.
What I see in his students are references to straight photography, but they're also introducing ideas about performance and issues of gender and identity, particularly the women.''
That measure, known as Gramm-Leach-Bliley, was passed by Congress at the end of 1999 and paved the way for the convergence of various services, including banking, brokerage and insurance businesses.
It doesn't help that Dad flirts with Suzanne.
''Wendy is just a very far-thinking individual, who's not really that concerned about what the public's view is, or what tradition requires, or what other people will tell her are the barriers for things that can be done,'' said Ian Huschle, one of her first employees, who has started two new media companies since he left the organization in 1993.
Arriving for an afternoon session today, 1,300 fly biologists at their annual meeting found on their chairs a gift from Celera, a CD-ROM of the genome sequence of their favorite organism.
With last weekend's successful opening of ''Scary Movie'' -- the ''Airplane''-like spoof of body-count horror flicks such as ''Scream'' and ''I Know What You Did Last Summer'' -- this family that often plays together has taken a collective giant step forward.
Marc Savard and Jeff Shantz had the other goals for Calgary.
An example of adding value, he said, was the 201,000-square-foot office building at 9 West Broad Street in Stamford.
Last year, 7 people in the New York region died and 55 became seriously ill from West Nile virus.
''Today the Republican Party has recovered its heritage of reform'' Mr. McCain said, grinning broadly in a ballon-bedecked hotel ballroom, as he thanked his supporters for heeding his call to ''break the Washington iron triangle of big money, lobbyists and legislation.''
''But our infrastructure has really not kept pace with that need, and in fact has eroded and gotten worse.''
Assemblyman Robert A. Daly, a Republican from Niagara Falls, said he was not surprised that he lost after one term in office representing a heavily Democratic district.
By going online too aggressively, the music industry could anger its existing retailers and make its investment in compact disc plants obsolete.
''People don't decide way in advance.
The chemical I am putting in myself is synthetic testosterone: a substance that has become such a metaphor for manhood that it is almost possible to forget that it has a physical reality.
She hopes to make Glamour Gals a monthly activity at nursing homes.
Mr. Frazier lost, and said that now he and Mr. Ali had become friendly.
Tim Stark, however, owner of the farm, which is in Pennsylvania, is one of the few who still have healthy trees.
In a Sarah Orne Jewett story, a newspaper reporter writes up an elderly Vermont couple's visit to Manhattan as a droll item.
He had attended Amir and Orly's wedding and knew the Zohar family.
The seats can be unlatched from the floor and removed.
''We look forward to her return next year.''
But there was already copper on neighboring buildings, and we finally convinced them it would blend in very nicely.''
''There are millions of people in the United States who weigh more than 215 pounds, the current upper weight limit required for seat belts by N.H.T.S.A.
Everyone in town worked there or had relatives who worked there or knew people who worked there.
Will it still be necessary in the future?
An Israeli military spokeswoman, who declined to be named, acknowledged in a telephone interview from her office in Jerusalem that some of the Lebanese families were upset, particularly at the slowness of the Israeli bureaucracy in finding permanent housing for them, and at the seeming reluctance of Western countries where many have relatives to accept them as immigrants.
URSINUS -- Named Bill Stiles assistant athletic director and Brian Thomas associate athletic director.
He could pursue photography only as a sideline yet did so with an energy and effectiveness that might be envied by many a full-time practitioner.
PHILLIPS PETROLEUM -- Co., Bartlesville, Okla., agreed to buy 101 gasoline stations in 15 states from the Coastal Corporation and to supply 205 others with fuel.
''We expect less, and therefore we have less disillusionment,'' Mr. Sedov said.
''If they don't do that, then they're going to give people an inferior product.''
There once was a man who lived with his wife in a little house in a little state on a road called the Pig Trail.
But the more sophisticated view, experts say, is that it is almost impossible to attribute real meaning to a one-year gain in scores.
But weather officials said little or no flooding occurred because high winds were pushing seaward, heaving the breakers back.
It was difficult to change my focus from one art form to many.
industry continues to grow at a strong pace,'' she said, particularly ''when you take into account that this was a period of substantial market volatility.''
''They were mesmerized by the events at City Hall,'' he said.
''A child that is looked after and raised in a lasting relationship of two men or two women is entitled to protection, including legal protection, within that relationship,'' the upper house statement said.
Before the results were announced, shares of Amazon closed up $1.0625, to $53.50, but slipped as low as $52 in after-hours trading.
There is margin-pinching competition from chains, discounters and e-commerce, all nipping at their heels.
Free speech has always had its limits: no one has a right to cry ''fire'' falsely in a crowded theater, to take the classic example of speech as illegal behavior.
But the victim's father said: ''We all make choices about our conduct.
''I thought it was the end of the world,'' she said.
ought to be able to at least grow in line with the market.
In the indictment, though, prosecutors paint a portrait of a serial killer who began in his very first job out of medical school.
''That will mean lower interest rates, more money for investment in a growing economy, and just as important, it will lift the tremendous burden of debt off the backs of our children,'' he said.
But some are eager to go even without the add-ons.
In the early television episodes of ''Shining Time Station,'' where the I-Know-I-Can adventures of Thomas the Tank Engine, the talking train, unfold, Mr.
To him it was a quintessential act of artistic appropriation of public property, in keeping with the graffiti philosophy and aesthetic.
An 1890 house, pockmarked and nibbled by vines, slumps on the side of an ample lot at 113-115 Davis Avenue.
In the last several years numerous new rental and condominium buildings have been built or are being constructed with a total of up to 1,600 residences.
Fans did not forget when he later made a routine grab.
Wealthier voters were evenly divided between the two candidates.
One is that having sex with a virgin will cure AIDS, a belief that often leads to violence and rape, said Dr. Zweli Mkhize, the health minister of KwaZulu/Natal province.
That led the Yemenis, via the other safe houses, to Rock Hill.
Reed said his hand was sore from hitting; the pain was most acute when he swung and missed in the sixth inning, and he said he probably should not have even tried to swing.
Unless noted, admission is free; churches accept donations.
In Sicily, newly restored hotels are comfortable bases for excursions to ancient sites.
Stratified Newcomers Pairs, IMP Pairs and Stratified Open Pairs, 1 and 7 p.m. Sunday: Stratiflighted Swiss Teams and Stratified Senior Teams, 11 a.m. (two sessions)
But when production snags forced Sony to enter the market with just half that many machines, many a gamer went home empty-handed.
This was my cue to take her son's place at the keyboard.
These open-sided vehicles are shown at www.zapworld.com, under ''neighborhood vehicles'' and at Global's site, www.gemcar.com.
As much as 20 percent of the potential vote may already have been cast by absentee ballot.
Mr. Marshall, a graduate of Baruch College, runs an accounting practice in Manhattan that also specializes in business management and e-commerce consulting.
Nobody stands around and strikes poses in this fast-moving ''Romeo,'' which is performed on a simple but handsome set designed by Thomas Mauney and built for the laughably low cost of $22,000.
''That's what a good defense does.
Here are our recommendations for the Senate primary races in New Jersey.
Success for the 17-year-old swimming prodigy with the size 17 feet was supposed to be as scripted as the overdone torch-lighting finale to Friday night's opening ceremony, but Thorpe reminded us why the great athlete is invariably more about improvisation than show.
Thousands of his listeners were sending in messages protesting the increased number of commercials on his program.
If there's a cloud in the Baja sky, I for one can't see it.
The Russia general prosecutor's office, which has also been investigating the Mabetex case, told the Interfax news service that its own unofficial contacts with the Swiss suggested that the warrant called only for Mr. Borodin to be questioned in the affair.
A new curator has not been named yet, so it remains to be seen what direction the Costume Institute will take.
''We are working creatures, we are bonding creatures,'' he said, ''and we are playing creatures.''
The Gore command has not only debated the value of Mr. Clinton's making a last-minute campaign blitz to mobilize the party faithful, but doesn't want the two men appearing together in any case.
For him it was a musical resource, like dynamics or timbre, not a way of muscling listeners to the ground till they screamed and clapped, maybe because they were overpowered, maybe just to stop the madness.
Next to Mr. McGreevey, one senior party official said, ''it's like Mark McGwire versus the home run king of the Pee Wee League.''
During the 1950's Mr. Twardowicz, now 83, hung out with Franz Kline and other Abstract Expressionists at the Cedar Tavern and produced evocatively dark and blurry, biomorphic stain paintings, two of which are on view here along with entirely abstract photographs from the same period that call to mind Matta's abstract surrealism (Johnson).
The Cathars' most powerful supporter was Pedro II, King of Aragon, whose armies clashed with Simon de Montfort's inquisitional army at Toulouse in 1213.
.4:38:06 18524 Hinayon, L, 41F .
''I've got to learn to deal with that stuff,'' Dragila said later, standing in a portal in the Garden, signing autographs, shaking hands, thanking the spectators for coming after winning the vault with a leap of 14 feet 6 inches.
Preferring to express himself physically rather than emotionally (he would later block love scenes carefully, according to one co-star, in order to ''hide his feelings from the camera''), he was disdainful of Stanislavsky's Method, which was overtaking the New York theater and its settlement offshoots, and felt that acting the same role night after night was ''sissy.''
''If you think of the way an oceanographer studies the ocean for critters, you drag a net.
Referring to Daewoo, Kim Dae Shik, an economics professor at Chung Ang University, said: ''This is a major crisis.
''I barely have any money in my pocket.
Mr. Brennan did not simply squirrel away the money he made; he used millions of it to buy racehorses, to donate bulletproof vests to the state police, and to buy a plane and houses in Brielle, N.J., Saratoga Springs, N.Y., and Juno Beach, Fla.
Of course, his wife, brother-in-law, sister-in-law, mother, mother-in-law and several close friends have all been finalists at least once.
His menu changes every two to three days.
The modem explosion has indeed produced a great dispersion of the work force.
.3:14:39 1500 Salignon, G, 30M .
For some, like Mr. Watkins, it reopened emotional wounds that had been slowly healing for 16 months.
''I can't teach anything new that day,'' says my older son's teacher.
BellSouth, said a ''significant portion'' of the charges would occur in the fourth quarter, when the restructuring activities began; the rest would probably be taken in 2001.
''Her mistake -- after dallying with this bigmouth -- was to put it in writing.''
The police said the body they exhumed from a grave in 1997 is that of one of six foreign tourists who were kidnapped while trekking in the mountains of Kashmir in 1995.
''There are a limited number of people in Russia who can advise the government on macroeconomic policy,'' said Vladimir Mau, another deputy at Mr. Gaidar's institute who is also advising the Aleksandr House team.
The Marine Corps is already testing small, insectlike robots that can act as sensors on the battlefield, probing deep into the enemy's territory without the risks that reconnaissance squads face.
Bridge B18 TV Listings B20 Crossword B18 Weather A16 Public Lives A9
An opinionated guide to cultural and recreational goings-on around the state this week.
The residents say they support Patchogue River revitalization, but oppose a boat ramp planned for the end of River Avenue right next to their quiet residential street, they don't want a fence that blocks entrance to their backyard beaches removed, and they don't want a public park in their neighborhood.
His reasons for hesitating over Strindberg were clear.
Mr. Zedillo correctly understood that the only way to restore public confidence in elections was to create an independent electoral institute to supervise campaigning, balloting and the tallying of votes.
The signs today were that it could be Mr. Breaux, who thanked Mr. Bush ''for the opportunity to have some real good discussions.''
New stations are being added at Route 128 in Westwood, Mass., an important Boston commuter hub, and in New London, Conn.; at many other stations, seating and signage will be improved.
It can also be his weakness.''
When was the last time a Knick regular had as few technical fouls over a two-year period?
Rock's grown boys don't want to become regular men but can't imagine how else to thrive.
''Some people are afraid of globalization because they fear being exploited,'' said Romer Recabar, an AOL techie, ''but what they are missing is that we can use this as a chance to learn.
Despite some mildly humiliating exercises in audience participation, the show becomes a gleeful, surrealist flight into a bubble-gum-pink empyrean (2:20).
The Yankees were too rich and we saw the Dodgers as an alien force.''
Critics of the bomb culture say old-line weapons designers are talking about nuclear testing now because they are unable to adapt to new tools, like superfast computers, that may make testing obsolete.
''Even with all that, there's nothing like winning games in this league.''
The specter of Joyce at work is a reminder of the bitter terms art often exacts.
In the last year, Smithfield has been criticized for creating a vertically integrated company that owns both hog farms and slaughterhouses, a system that some small farmers fear could lead to manipulation in the market for hogs.
The people of Riverbend, many of whom moved in when the development opened in 1968 and are now elderly pensioners, depend on the staff for help with the everyday breakdowns that are unavoidable in a place that some residents complain is starting to show its age prematurely.
DIVISION II HONORS: Dusty Bonner had himself quite a year.
So they told him to pack it in.
The Alltel Corporation, a wireless phone company with 26,000 employees, is absorbing most, but not all, of its premium increases.
He said he would take up the matter of funding for them with the chancellor.
George W. Bush of Texas had a primary fight on his hands, Republicans seemed to count on him to sweep to a victory big enough to solidify their shaky House majority.
Mr. Yu, 38, is the president and chief executive of the capital partners division of the American International Group, the New York insurance and financial services company.
Ms. Myhr, a Norwegian who used to run the medical supplies system for Botswana, said even malaria medicine was cheaper in her frigid homeland than in much of Africa.
Yet racial bias in the federal system is worse than it is in most states.
Mr. Ackerman warned that if the Legislature took action, it could unleash a process that would end in a constitutional deadlock.
A Verner Panton exhibition, to include the Panton chair (top, in the control room), will open the museum on July 1.
In it, a group of Columbia University scientists review the critics' evidence and find it far from convincing.
With Mr. Smits as an F.B.I.
I loved him so much.''
''This shows you how tough it is for horses to run these races.
The day honors Baron von Steuben, who served with Washington during the Revolutionary War, and German heritage.
His loving family and friends will sorely miss his keen intellect and generous nature.
Chapel service to follow at 5PM.
In short, the political world will be watching to see if Mr. Bush can pull his campaign back to the moderate middle from which he governed in Texas.
On the way back to Queens, Mr. Taylor began telling the first of several accounts of the killings, a law enforcement official said.
''NUTTY PROFESSOR II: THE KLUMPS,'' starring Eddie Murphy and Janet Jackson.
Mrs. Martindell, with her ambassador years in New Zealand, said that the Australian authors must have brought to their examination knowledge of Aborigines and their body painting.
Using computer lists of registered Republicans, she gave each of the volunteers -- she calls them Bush Walkers -- 100 houses to visit, a brief speech to give about the importance of voting Republican and a package of literature to drop off.
Wednesday at 8 p.m. Free.
''I'm more honest than a boxing judge,'' said Mr. Maier, 42, of Park Slope, Brooklyn.
Stressing Mr. Bush's lack of foreign policy experience, Mr. Gore added, ''One has to assume that these gaps in Governor Bush's foreign policy views and experience will be filled by the ideologies and inveterate antipathies of his party -- the right-wing, partisan isolationism of the Republican Congressional leadership.''
Frank Ursomarso, a car dealer with many franchises in Wilmington, Del., said he had noticed a slightly slower tempo lately.
''I think there's a fair likelihood that it happened.''
They include Samantha Gregory, a Manhattan socialite, who has spent holidays here since she was 8.
Interestingly, Schuerholz, who never discusses the names of players involved in trade speculation, spoke openly about the possibility with Rocker.
Other possible proposals, Mr. Warren said, include trying to remove judicial elections from the broader political fray by scheduling them when there are no other elections, and increasing the length of judges' terms so that they need not face election so frequently.
A local preservation group, called Preserve to Enjoy, is expected to file the application in January, and a decision is expected this summer.
GE Financial Assurance, the largest United States long-term care insurer, said today that it had signed an agreement to acquire 90 percent of the long-term care business of Citigroup's Travelers Life and Annuity unit.
Then he leaned back on the sofa.
''A couple of them stayed outside by the back door, and one of them pushed in the bathroom door, as if he were looking for someone.''
.4:00:53 9849 Rotensen, B, 56M .
The director said he had feared that the strains would wreck his career and his marriage.
Hernandez was having trouble finishing off right-handed hitters, however, owing to the somewhat benign slider he had, and the Blue Jays scored three in the sixth, giving Wells his victory.
I HEARD you played in the N.B.A.,'' said the fifth grader who was bouncing a basketball between his legs, a yarmulke sliding down his head.
''It's a story of human beings, their struggles and their triumphs.''
Rush, the travel agent in Washington, said, ''I don't believe for one second that the euro going up will slow the flow of Americans going to Europe.''
One can be fascinated just by the way the dancers (Miguel Gutierrez, Larry Keigwin, Parker Lutz, Juliette Mapp and Mr. Jasperse) move: fluidity is not antithetical to isolated movements.
.3:46:24 6129 Moore, M, 40F .
So far this year, the Dow is down 7.9 percent.
It is music that never comes to ground.
Tickets: adults, $24; ages 17 and under, $15.
He said all four major presidential candidates -- Republicans John McCain and George W. Bush included -- were ''people of accomplishment, people who have certain convictions, people who have, I think, pretty clear philosophies and records.''
Over all, one of every 66 corporations of all sizes was audited, a level of scrutiny significantly lower than the one in 37 audit rate for Schedule C businesses with less than $25,000 of revenue.
An entire novel might be written about the goings-on in Tina Barney's large-format photographs that are like a window onto the complications and undercurrents now an inevitable aspect of middle-class life.
''No chance,'' said one of Deutch's defenders.
Two years ago, Williams was on the field for the season opener against San Francisco, when the Jets faced a dominating quarterback in Steve Young.
For 53 years dearly treasured husband of Irma, loving and devoted to his children Rhonda and Eric Moore, Debra and Sanford Gips and the late Kenneth Robert Jeffer.
I also have an invaluable collection of gasoline-powered yard tools -- mower, edger, leaf blower, weed whacker and chain saw -- and my idea of a perfect Saturday is one when I get to crank them all up.
PASION!, 211 South 15th Street, (215) 875-9895.
A reading of the Wilde play, directed by John Benjamin Hickey.
An elegant, expertly written life of Sir Osbert Sitwell, an ineffable aristocrat with a temporary literary reputation and a permanent conviction that he, his sister Edith and his brother Sacheverell were made of superior clay.
But Sony's reason for not pointing a finger is becoming clearer: it would probably have had to point at itself.
On another occasion, when he was already governor, Mr. Bush teased Jenna about phone calls from a boyfriend, forgetting that a television crew was in the house filming the decoration of the governor's Christmas tree.
Bifurcation, she worried, would impoverish an audience that needs to see design as it has evolved within its entire context.
L'Actuel, right now, is the most modern French restaurant in New York.
As important as Hernandez is to them, this was a crucial outing.
Mr. Gore, himself a former journalist, advised his audience to scrutinize Mr. Bush's record.
''Soft'' (medium-bodied whites): '98 Jean de Lupfen, Reserve Particuliere, pinot blanc, Alsace ($10), minerally, stylish.
Speaking of travel agents and online competition, last week the American Society of Travel Agents petitioned the Justice Department to look into possible antitrust violations by major airlines who announced last month that they would participate jointly in a new Web site that would offer low-cost tickets.
Gore has to decided whether we're going to continue or concede.''
Just last quarter, with First Call putting analysts' estimates at 41 cents a share, Ms. Wachner delivered just 11 cents a share in earnings.
As Indian drug makers point out, many countries have used process patents to develop new industries, as Japan did in the 1950's.
Is my tongue close to my cheek?
All I'm doing is holding this ring,'' he said.
The conventional wisdom is that ex-pitchers will have trouble gaining the respect of their everyday players.
An architect friend of mine calls it ''adaptive use.''
''We observe our car to be in one parking space and not the other, and for people to be on one side of the wall or the other,'' Dr. Friedman said.
A local official says firefighters digging for the bodies there got tired after retrieving the six bodies and ''deceived'' officials by saying there were no more.
Mr. Turturro first signed up for ''2000 and None,'' a Canadian comedy to be directed by Arto Paragamian, a first-time director, in which he would play an Armenian paleontologist dying of a rare brain disease.
But due to support for the PRI in the rural communities, the governor of Veracruz, Miguel Aleman, is a member of the PRI, as are most members of the state's congressional delegation.
What the story of Jim's happy family accomplishes is to remind the reader how much was lost when contentment became illegal as a theme and ambivalence mandatory.
2 -- recorded on Arabesque.
D1 EDITORIAL A34-35 Editorials: A threat to judicial ethics; the televised Olympics; airline competition over China.
Screening information: (212) 708-9400 (Lawrence Van Gelder).
''I'll never forget the day he walked into my office,'' said Ed Riley, fire coordinator for Monroe County, which has 40 fire departments.
They would never trail again.
Once the station is fully assembled and running, scientists may learn more about how astronauts react, physically and mentally, to extended periods in space.
But the 2000-2001 Islanders are determined to be different.
Started in the 1980's under the auspices of the American Philological Association, the project involved more than 70 international historians and archaeologists working under Dr. Talbert's direction.
I feel the acoustic, make adjustments, and hear how is the audience experiencing it.
''I wrote songs and played guitar -- badly,'' she confesses.
After an absence of two years, Pottery Barn is back on 59th Street, and it has been joined by Williams-Sonoma, above left.
And some relief is already in sight, Ms. Helmer said.
''He's used to guarding centers in high school, and, all of a sudden, we're asking him to guard a 2-guard in this league,'' Gentry said, using the N.B.A.
If the words seem to float above the actors, rather than come directly out of them, the battle is more or less lost.
But with Mr. Cheney's selection, Mr. Bush also summoned the shadow of his father, and was sure to rekindle debates in the coming days over just how firmly his political fortunes were tied to his patrimony.
Her husband, Muhammad Qasim, who belongs to the militant group Jamiat-ul-Mujahadeen, is her life partner in jihad.
He's been fired in the newspapers more than Casey.
It was history painting that hadn't been done before.
To the Sports Editor: Baseball is the only major sport that does not employ the salary cap.
''Some of us have told him, 'You've got to differentiate yourself from him,' '' Mr. McDermott said.
For that Mr. Drew uses various combinations of heat, sun, water and other natural elements.
The Equity in Prescription Contraceptive Coverage Act has been stalled in Congress since 1997.
At this time of year Chris Olsen Sr., one of New Jersey's most successful high school football coaches, can usually be found on the Wayne Hills High School sideline with a broad smile on his face.
Surging mortgage rates that had crimped purchases from April through June have since fallen, which is one reason several analysts question how much home sales will cool during the rest of the year.
Tonight at 7, Julie Zinkewicz and Jennifer, singers; from 9 to 1 in the piano bar, Jerry Scott; at 9:30, Laurie Krauz, singer, and the Daryl Kojak Trio.
In each of six large, light-box mounted transparencies, pornographic dialogues from adult Internet chat lines have been digitally converted into complicatedly multiplied, three-dimensional blue letters, with key words highlighted in alarming red.
Let's not even dwell on the vast stretches spent on hold, day in and day out.
MANY pollsters say the tug of war for older voters will be between their attraction for Republican leadership on values -- including Mr. Bush's promise to ''uphold the honor and dignity of the office'' and a general concern over the country's moral direction -- and Democratic promises to protect Medicare and Social Security.
''What do you think about a 747 -- pretty complicated, right?''
In order that neither nation is seen to benefit from their failure to abide by Davis Cup regulations, neither nation will be allowed to advance in the 2000 competition, the International Tennis Federation's board of directors said yesterday in Monaco.
But with that project completed, and with the experience of going to war in Kosovo to combat brutality based on ethnic discrimination, Europe has awakened to its political, military and moral identity.
Shares of Mr. Li's Internet start-up Pacific Century CyberWorks Ltd. rose nearly 7 percent in their first day of trading since the plans were disclosed.
Michael Brady Michelle Caracchia Steve Caracchia John Hestvik Chris Hitchcock Daniel J. Kilmurray Josh Kornblatt Claude Landauer John Layng Andrew Lebow Gail Pittenger Jim Strong Ken Tankel Leon M. Wagner SIMON-William E. The children, families, staff and Board of Boys Harbor mark with great sadness the passing of William E. Simon, longtime friend, supporter, and Board member.
To the Editor: Philip Ball (Op-Ed, July 1) characterizes the proposed human exploration of Mars as a ''hubristic endeavor.''
There's no bombast in his band of saxophone, violin, bass, drums and keyboards.
Anyone who has fallen in love with an apartment but wonders if it is overpriced should pay close attention to similar apartments sold in the same building or nearby.
So, at the end of July, we flew in business class to Vancouver, from whence, four or five days later, we headed for Jasper, Alberta, and later still points east, aboard a silver sleeper called the Canadian.
The architect of that synagogue, Jordan Gruzen, whose firm, Gruzen Samton, is based in Manhattan, created a space that is as much about height as any prewar or postwar German shul.
One is Ankie Spitzer, the widow of Andre Spitzer, the Israeli fencing coach, who was killed at the air base.
That was the case last year when ''Voices in the Dark,'' tried out in Stamford but failed on Broadway, and is the case with ''Dinner with Friends,'' which is succeeding mightily Off Broadway, after playing in Stamford.
''A deregulated world is the right market for electricity,'' said Ron Walter, senior vice president at Calpine, an independent power producer in San Jose that is building three plants.
Six months ago, she came upon 10 Rudi Gernreich dresses from this period and has sold 9 of them, one for $1,200.
Warden) to recruit a squad of has-been players to take the place of striking superstars.
A3 Online Hunt for Peru Fugitive Peru's Interior Ministry launched a Web site that offers information on the former spy chief Vladimiro Montesinos, who is facing charges that include money laundering and operating death squads.
The PricewaterhouseCoopers office in McLean, Va., certified the 1998 and 1999 financial statements.
As one anti-Castro leader in Miami said, Elian has become a symbol of that community's 41 years of frustration with Fidel Castro and with its shorter-term anger at the Clinton administration.
So far, people trying to earn the high school equivalency diploma in Kentucky are few.
In four seasons with the Lakers, his average has risen from 7.6 to 15.4 to 19.9 and now to 22 after Friday night's game with the Celtics, as the Lakers won at home for their 10th straight victory.
Lamoriello Quiet on Future Lou Lamoriello, the Devils' president and general manager, refused to answer specific questions about his future with the team, which has been sold by John McMullen to YankeeNets for $175 million -- plus a $1 million bonus for winning the cup -- but he made it clear he would stay with the team through the entry draft later this month.
Can the Knicks as comprised beat the Pacers four out of five games over the next 10 days?
But Yugo-nostalgia is not the same sad plaint as Communist nostalgia in the rest of the East.
The five monumental sculptures here, each cut from a single piece of walnut, are like Abstract Expressionist paintings turned to living wood; they strongly imply human figures.
New Head for Collegiate School The Board of Trustees of Collegiate School, the boys' school on the West Side of Manhattan, announced the selection of KERRY P. BRENNAN as its 26th headmaster yesterday.
It is a striking and unexpected beginning to a meal, and it owes everything to a simple trick of presentation: a two-step process that elevates the first course from commonplace to nearly haute cuisine.
As they emerged, Mr. Karski saw the Ghetto streets and tenements crowded with haggard, hungry and dying Jews.
I was always told my body's terrible, and I have this whole short complex.
Virtual strangers when this four-of-seven-game series began, the Lakers and the Pacers are developing a sincere dislike for one another.
Joe Torre, who has become increasingly critical about the quality of the strike zone interpretations he is seeing this year, seemed more exasperated with Guccione after the game than pleased that his team won.
The loss ended the Devils' winning streak at five and their unbeaten streak at nine (7-0-2).
The Aldrich House, which reopened in May after two years of extensive restoration, recreates the atmosphere of the boyhood home of the writer Thomas Bailey Aldrich (1836-1907).
But it's unfair to judge from the skeletal production here, directed by Lori Steinberg in a confining space and on an evidently minuscule budget, which has the look and feel of an early workshop.
Caught in such a profusion of delicious wines, it would have been sheer recklessness to announce that this one was obviously from Oregon, that one from the Cote de Beaune, that one from Carneros or the Anderson Valley.
Wall Street analysts on average expected 86 cents, according to First Call/Thomson Financial.
At 8:30 p.m., ''Millionaire'' earned a rating of 18.6 -- meaning that about 19 million households were tuned in -- and a share of 27.
His final book, ''I'd Hate Myself in the Morning'' (Nation Books), a memoir, is scheduled for publication in January.
teaches you discipline,'' he said.
Two pasta appetizers also showed what the chef could do: delicate ravioli filled with spinach and ricotta in a sheer Gorgonzola sauce, and fried ravioli bursting with grilled shrimp, mushrooms and mascarpone, crowned with a thatch of fried leeks.
''As an owner, you're liable for that airplane even though you're not in it.
He questioned how Gatti could meet the contract limit of 141 pounds the afternoon before the bout, then weigh 160 pounds at a weigh-in conducted by HBO before he entered the ring.
From the most raked-over history to the latest technology, scholars continually manage to ask new questions, rethink old verities and produce fresh insights.
SCORECARD -- Democrats are trying to take the lead in the presidential race on a cause that is highly popular with voters, particularly older ones, who tend to turn out in higher proportions.
Although Ms. Derman, a 47-year-old emergency room nurse, was initially supposed to remain anonymous, she opted to go public with her surgery because, she said, ''I've always wanted to do something significant with my life.''
And I went home and in three weeks 'Songs of the Wanderers' was created, and somehow it does retain that sense of serenity.''
In Venezuela, Hugo Chavez seems to be everywhere, his image plastered on posters, his voice booming over the airwaves.
But the developers lost their financing after two soap operas that had committed to using the space pulled out.
A number of robes have been retired since the tradition began.
But Judge Jackson called the appeals opinion ''inconsistent with the pertinent Supreme Court precedents'' and ''not formally binding.''
.4:51:24 21284 Johannisson, L, 57M .
''Tony Blair glides past petrol-starved drivers in his Jaguar,'' the newspaper said, noting that the prime minister ''will always have a full tank,'' no matter who else is waiting for gasoline.
With only three rehearsals, the orchestra played splendidly for him.
On this occasion, he has glued trumpets, French horns and other brass instruments to brown linen canvas and dripped thick, waxy strands of color over them.
In 1988, a descendant sent it to Christie's in London.
The push for more detailed maps gained momentum on Monday when the State Assembly unanimously passed legislation submitted by Assemblyman Richard L. Brodsky, a Westchester Democrat, instructing Dr. Novello's department to consolidate data on jobs, residences and potentially hazardous sites on its health maps.
Zambrano, a junior fullback and linebacker, ran 13 times for 49 yards and a touchdown, caught 3 passes for 27 yards and a touchdown, and led the defense with eight solo tackles and seven assists.
In 1986, after Judge Borane was driving his car when it crashed, killing a passenger, the police determined that the judge's blood alcohol level was 0.17.
DISTRICT 6 -- Murray Hill, Turtle Bay, Stuyvesant Square, Gramercy Park, Peter Cooper Village, Beekman, Sutton; second Wednesday of the month; next meeting this Wednesday, 7 P.M.; New York University Medical Center, Classroom A, 550 First Avenue at 30th Street.
The heads appear to represent places and times through portraits, which refer to both the mythological and the actual.
.3:31:08 3414 Scannell, P, 55M .
Those ventures also produced several lawsuits.
Then, embarrassed by the icy response, she gulped down several drinks.
But he also sounded like a debating coach dictating lines to a struggling student, in this case his vice president.
Aria has barely been to school since January.
To the Editor: ''A Combative Start in Iowa'' (editorial, Jan. 25) asserts that ''a sequence of elections that sometimes seems irrational, debilitating and endless will eventually show its value in seasoning the candidates and shaping the choice offered to voters in November.''
He finished the game with a season-high 21 rebounds and added 19 points to lift the Knicks out of their recent funk.
THE SCRIPT -- Narrator: ''For months, Jim Florio has been attacking Jon Corzine's plan to save Social Security.
He said that Republicans had distorted Mr. Gore's position by asserting that he was in favor of confiscating guns from hunters, and he mocked the suggestion that voters should turn to Mr. Bush to end partisan wrangling in Washington.
Tomorrow and Sunday from 1 to 4 p.m., a science workshop on the dietary needs and beak shapes of birds in the neighborhood.
In his waning months in office, Mr. Clinton has a chance to nudge peace efforts ahead in Northern Ireland and the Middle East.
Inmates' lawyers in Oklahoma say a case there illustrates how judicial oversight can make a difference.
The other day in a 99-cent bargain shop, I saw a toy cell phone that looked very real.
Abstinence programs are rising against the backdrop of a steady decline in teenage pregnancy, for which advocates of both comprehensive sex education and abstinence claim credit.
Perhaps the desire for a secure home can serve as the starting point of a process, which only the people of the Middle East can follow to its completion.
In Act II a powerful tenor aria rushes past a narrative void and collides with a choral finale that comes as close to mass hysteria as a great composer will allow.
The boys were still playing on the driveway when the family was ready to go to their boat at a nearby marina in Haverstraw.
He formed a partnership with his brother-in-law, Edward Williams, that evolved into EDAW, one of the leading landscape design practices in the country.
Most guests for the cruises are wealthy Americans or celebrities on charters.
We're the ones they actually see.''
.4:32:20 17262 Richter-Natale, L, 48F .
Noblesse oblige is not exactly a detailed health care program.
When a local grocer named Peter Bok Lee was charged with the slayings two days later, prosecutors considered seeking the death penalty.
Lunch for two with soft drinks was under $15.JENNIFER MOSES
That's not good for our school, our town, our property values or anything else.''
A. J. Gutman, a willowy 35-year-old woman, is president of the Iguana Sanctuary.
As a result, she said, the total number of people with Ph.D.'s in astronomy rose 40 percent in the last seven years.
Everything is well made and purposeful.
The World Bank acknowledges that the poor in Africa, Latin America and the former Soviet Union did not benefit much from the roaring prosperity of the 1990's.
Saturday night draws huge dance crowds for dueling D.J.
It was a cousin who had some electrifying news: She was descended from Thomas Jefferson and his slave, Sally Hemings.
It looked like the work of a serial killer, and I began to feel like one of those detectives who can't let go of a murder case.
(AP) RYAN LIKELY TO LEAVE HOSPITAL THIS WEEK: Nolan Ryan is recovering well after a double-bypass heart operation and should leave the hospital this week, his doctor and a spokesman for his baseball team said yesterday in Round Rock, Tex.
''She has attracted international prominence in her role as first lady of the Pentagon.''
CBS executives said they could not recall a time when a series ran so many nights in such a short time span, although other types of shows have been on every night of the week.
But the analogy between the two stops there.
One of Houston's most popular Vietnamese restaurants is Kim Son, 2001 Jefferson, (713) 222-2461, with a large, no-nonsense dining room and an enormous menu that includes Vietnamese fajitas, black pepper crab and some of the best spring rolls in town.
''If they are really interested, you might get 194 sections.''
Greece insists that the power be used only by Kosovo and not by Serbia, with which, however, it has close ties.
The program is a partnership between the university and the Greater Atlantic City Hotel-Motel Association.
She's asking you not simply to report on her work in your class -- which you are obliged to do -- but also to tout the contributions she would make to this group's endeavors, to elucidate how her personal qualities would aid their particular goals.
This year has produced two insurgents with varying levels of star power and stamina: Senator John McCain, the Arizona Republican, is pulling voters from across the spectrum, while former Senator Bill Bradley of New Jersey is drawing strength from the Democrats' traditional liberal base, and neither exactly fits Ms. Handlin's definition of boring: ''To flourish in the next century,'' Ms. Handlin wrote last fall, ''both major parties must attract not only typical candidate types -- white male lawyers, scions of political families and the like -- but people with many different backgrounds and viewpoints.''
''He's going to say, 'I'm not sure I want that going on beneath my mattress cover tonight.'
We're talking here, of course, about Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar), whose range runs from Portugal to Norway to Greenland and down the Atlantic Coast of North America, though the population has been reduced by pollution in the rivers where the fish spawn.
The donation is part of an effort called the Bicentennial Gifts to the Nation program in observance of the library's 200th anniversary.
The arcade's most immediate progeny, however, was the grand magasin, the imposing turn-of-the-century department store, exemplified by Au Printemps and Galeries Lafayettes.
This season, with the arrival of the Ducks and new teams in Queens and the Catskills, there will be 16 teams playing in four leagues within 100 miles of Times Square.
It also left some of his supporters in the Christian right, like Gary L. Bauer, in a terrible position.
In the 1980's, the proliferation of magazines devoted to these ground-hugging cars, and the added exposure they received from being in hip-hop music videos, increased the cars' popularity nationwide.
Nationwide since 1983, there has been a 5 to 10 percent reduction in volunteers, who represent 74 percent of America's firefighters, according to the National Volunteer Fire Center in Washington.
''Getting a little vitamin D,'' he says when I reach him, and lifts his face to the first sun either of us has seen after 15 hours on a bus, riding the interstate through the night and into this afternoon.
We still have a president.
15 8 HOT SIX, by Janet Evanovich.
Despite Eritrea's retreat, Ethiopia shows no signs of stopping the fight, continuing its push into southern Eritrea.
And Gwen Cleveland, vocalist, and Her Quartet, with Bubba Brooks on tenor sax, Bross Townsend on piano, John Dooley on bass and Tootsie Bean on drums, will perform at 3 p.m. (516) 538-4750.
''Maxie has enriched our lives more than we ever thought possible.
General Electric demonstrated a so-called WebPad that can be clipped to the front of the family refrigerator and serve as an electronic memo board for scheduling activities, ordering products or retrieving and storing recipes.
China has not obeyed the agreements that they have made with us on trade.
The 15-country trading bloc has criticized the United States government for denouncing subsidies at the same time it supports what the Europeans call a hidden subsidy, emergency aid, to farmers.
8 2 NIGHT SHIELD, by Nora Roberts.
He says he is alarmed at the ease with which he can commit the state to millions of dollars of new debt ''merely by signing a letter.''
''Quite a lot of it is done with an inkjet head that's off a $100 printer, because $100 printers do a very good job,'' Dr.
The Gilbert and Sullivan Light Opera Company of Long Island offers ''A Gilbert and Sullivan Christmas Carol,'' combining lines from the Dickens work like ''Bah, humbug'' with tunes like ''Titwillow, titwillow,'' at 2:30 p.m. at the Merrick Library on Merrick Avenue (516) 379-3476.
Peter Forsberg had three assists to extend his points streak to seven games.
MR. BUSH: Well, I'm not going to ask what their sexual orientation is.
And while listeners will be able to customize their music lineup, the ads are there to stay; they cannot be deleted or skipped over.
IN the first analysis, more than 2,000 college students participating in 31 studies listened to several different kinds of music, as well as to silence and to a vocal-relaxation tape.
This fall, as ever, those votes, which have gone disproportionately so far to Mr. McCain, will be vital in the big swing states like New York, California, Pennsylvania and Ohio.
''Winds have been our greatest ally so far,'' said Axel Grael, the president of Rio's state environmental agency.
The bride's stepfather, James Stuart Smith, is the president of the Arnold Frese Foundation in New York, which supports health and educational institutions.
He never expected anybody to believe him.
She just enrolled in an English as a second language course and is looking for a job.
Chinese gold miners, for instance, faced taxes not levied on Caucasians for the same work.
It is curious that such a prickly man could have made such affecting photographs, but maybe that is why they are moving: sentiment is perfectly balanced by dispassion.
The euro dropped after economic reports bolstered the view that foreign investors will continue to invest in United States assets.
'' Some residents have argued that the eruv also enables Orthodox Jews to celebrate the Sabbath better, allowing them to concentrate on prayers and not worry about whether they have left something in their pockets.
''It's a strange thing,'' said Mr. Ripert of Le Bernardin.
I think it's wonderful they've begun taking risks.
I do the same thing.
Five hundred copies of a two-sided letter with color photographs can be printed and mailed for $900.
Charlene S. Alling, an Episcopal priest, performed the ceremony.
''Hot Summer,'' the teenage musical that was the D.D.R.
Academic interest in refuse was awakened a decade ago by a seminal real-world event: a garbage barge called the Mobro 4000 drifted along the world's waterways with over three tons of trash from Long Island and no place to dump it.
The same program featured Jacques d'Amboise's 1964 ''Irish Fantasy,'' revived last year and now blessed with Ms. Weese's ballerina allure and Mr. Woetzel's mock brawn and true bravura.
John establishes connections with potential partners and investors.
''How can you take a young woman's life like that?''
The borders were peaceful, but there was little commerce across territorial lines.
Crispin Porter said it planned to continue with its ''truth'' campaign.
No, she cannot answer that letter yet.
The show is performed by Bits 'n Pieces Puppet Theater, which was founded in 1976 and tours to more than 22 states annually from its home base in Tampa, Fla. ''Rip Van Winkle,'' today , 2 p.m., Walt Whitman Theater at the Brooklyn Center for the Performing Arts at Brooklyn College, Avenue H and Campus Road, Flatbush, Brooklyn; $9; (718) 951-4500.
Though it seems specialized, disability studies -- the corporal dimension of the human experience and its consequences -- could wind up being one of the most inclusive academic fields of all.
Mr. Bush, campaigning in Michigan and South Carolina, cast the debate as a battle over the size of government.
He noted that last month's highly publicized police shooting of Patrick M. Dorismond took place in the heart of the neighborhood, outside the Wakamba Cocktail Lounge at 543 Eighth Avenue, near 37th Street, where undercover officers were said to be looking for drugs and drug dealers.
In May, Houston-based Quanta said it had bought six other companies with similar businesses.
The blaze occurred just after the Sabbath, consuming prayer books and furniture.
This was neither a dry academic forum nor a boisterous antidevelopment rally.
Seattle and Montreal, London and Berlin and even Paris are all nearer the Arctic Circle than Minneapolis and St. Paul, but they're all reasonably close to the sea.
Two other cellular groups, Japan Telecom and three carriers due to merge into the KDDI Corporation in October, count 1.7 million and 3 million users, respectively.
The Botanical Garden, which had been seeking to prevent the completion of the tower, said that the talks had reached an impasse.
But although the partnership continues to play a significant role in education policy and housing, its critics say that in recent years it has lost its way and has failed to take an aggressive role in guiding city policy-making.
Joey seemed uncomfortable, as if he was hiding something.
The jet manufacturer's 1999 sales totaled a record 3.38 billion reais, or $1.95 billion, up 114 percent from 1998 sales of 1.58 billion reais.
12 8 KITCHEN CONFIDENTIAL, by Anthony Bourdain.
SANTA BARBARA 68: Maren Walseth scored 20 points and Kelly Mazzante added 16 as No.
The Mets are 20-9 in Reed's starts, and he has made a habit of winning big games.
Q.: Are these clinical trials going to test drugs on sick kids only?
While lawyers typically billed 1,700 hours annually just a few years ago, today they routinely bill 2,200 to 2,300 hours, said Esther F. Lardent, director of the Pro Bono Institute at the Georgetown University Law Center.
Asked the same question, however, Mr. Krens was nowhere near as categorical.
CASHIN-Bonnie on February 3, 2000.
So what should we do?''
In the lobby of the L'Enfant Plaza Hotel in Washington, leaders of the unions said they had accomplished much of what they had sought to achieve when they went on strike.
Mr. Davies, the orchestra's former principal conductor, has led the premieres of all five Glass symphonies.
It really is clever, insightful, sensical, nonsensical, knowing, amusing, witty, wacky.
By the end of 2004, Ms. Winfrey's show will have been on the air for 18 seasons.
The president first demanded that General Wiranto step down one week ago when a government commission identified the general as one of five military leaders responsible for the violence and destruction in East Timor last year.
It was not until 1970 that Mr. Browne left active duty as a priest and moved into a home in Paterson with Ms. Alaya and children -- the same Victorian home with leaded glass windows and wrap-around porch that Ms. Alaya and Mr. Feddema occupy today.
The most memorable buttons were white with a stamped red emblem we made for the New York World's Fair in 1939.
That is an automotive generation away, though.
More than half of the money designated for computers for classrooms and offices, according to the indictment, went instead to enrich the winning bidder and his politically connected patrons and to pay kickbacks to school officials, including Celestine V. Miller, 59, of Hempstead, N.Y., who served as superintendent of District 29 in southeastern Queens from 1992 to 1999.
'' Education officials said that wealthier parents and lazier students were only part of the problem.
AMERICA REBORN A Twentieth-Century Narrative in Twenty-six Lives.
.4:27:40 16229 Edgecombe, M, 52M .
For me, living with M.S.
At three and a half feet tall, she was three times heavier and 50 percent taller than an average 3-year-old when she was taken away.
Last Saturday, Bob Shrum and Carter Eskew, his top consultants, met Mr. Gore in North Carolina to discuss the address.
Keeping W. E. Limbarker from his Dear Wife and Daughter.''
Because there is a lack of obvious candidates, Christopher's task is a far more formidable one than he faced eight years ago, when he oversaw Clinton's search for those who might make a vice president.
The lead in the national tour of Lorraine Hansberry's ''To Be Young, Gifted and Black''?
A. I've done a Love Bug.
Or it could be that isoflavones do both.
The Justice Department said today that it had opened a new legal review of the mishandling of classified material by John M. Deutch, the former director of central intelligence.
What did that do to you?
Supporters say Dr. Lee is being singled out because of his race, a charge that prosecutors deny.
What it does today, the court should have left undone.
''The Second Avenue subway is an enormously positive thing,'' Mr. Pataki said in an interview with reporters outside his office in the Capitol.
Still, many local residents support the parkway project, and most of those whose homes border the park say they are not troubled by the weekend hunters, who help control the deer population.
Like Cook's magazine, the online version emphasizes words, words, words, supplemented by spare line drawings to illustrate techniques like how to cut carrots into julienne.
Stocks were pressed at midday by rumors that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York had called an emergency meeting to discuss market volatility.
''Our schools are desegregated,'' said one member, Thomas M. Weibrecht.
On Broadway As the jay walks, it's not far from Lincoln Center to the theaters of Broadway.
Benjamin Jones (NYT) SWITZERLAND: MISSILE CONTROL PACT -- Arms control negotiators meeting in Geneva from the United States, Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan and Ukraine have agreed to the phased elimination under the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty of the last 50 to 60 SS-24 intercontinental ballistic missiles on Ukrainian soil.
For one thing, the police will arrest a man on charges of bigamy or illegal cohabitation only if a complaint is lodged against him here.
As Dr. Putnam put it, ''Once people get hooked on cybersex, they tend to put themselves at risk and do things they wouldn't ordinarily do.''
brands: Chevrolet, Pontiac, Oldsmobile, Buick and Cadillac.
Eventually, Isiah Thomas, owner of the Continental Basketball Association, opens up farm teams within a 200-mile radius of each N.B.A.
To the Editor: As an African-American, I was particularly dismayed by the silence of Justice Clarence Thomas throughout two sets of oral arguments, despite charges by blacks of harassment and blocking of voters (news article, Dec. 12).
''No matter how much advertising we put up, it's not nearly as important as the media coverage that McCain gets because he won Michigan.''
The price of admission to this Super Bowl starts at a low number, then soars.
It is based on the 1997 documentary ''The Battle Over 'Citizen Kane,' '' which was nominated for an Academy Award.
The herb, Aristolochia fangchi, was given to patients at a weight-loss clinic in Belgium from 1990 to 1992, according to a report being published today in The New England Journal of Medicine.
''I see stuff that is very provocative and very suggestive of a psychic explanation, and yet I see people who are harmed by charlatans every day.''
She was 60, not 52.
(NYT) HAMILTON: 4 STUDENTS DIE IN CRASH Four college students were killed and two were injured when a Jeep driven by a student the police say was drunk slammed into two trees on Colgate University's campus early Saturday.
As Governor Ryan recognized, it is a question of fundamental fairness, of ensuring that the guilty are punished, not the innocent.
ULYSSES S. GRANT: Triumph Over Adversity, 1822-1865.
Gasoline and diesel oil are scarce because there is no foreign exchange to pay for them.
For Ms. Castore, the praise was grudging.
He shares with W. the rugged pretense that he is an utterly self-made man.
He has retired to the sprawling house he built with his life's earnings.
Similarly, 64 percent of those surveyed said that people like themselves had ''not much'' to say about what government does.
''I'm not going to make predictions about whether I'm going to win again, or even break par tomorrow,'' said Jacobsen, who shot a 66 at the Indian Wells Country Club.
Restrooms on the second floor.
He noted that, with an eye to the Alliance, Finance Minister Paul Martin announced a $65 billion tax cut days before the election was called.
In contrast to the poverty and cultural rootlessness of contemporary Neah Bay is the evidence of what the Makah once were -- a proud and prosperous people wholly dedicated to whaling.
''Katherine divides her time between glass and painting,'' Mr. Stankard said.
MOLLESON-Mary V. May 8, 2000.
Greg Swindell pitched three perfect innings for his first save.
They won't buy into it if you say, 'Hi, here's our plan for John Jay, start doing this,' nor should they.
For buildings that appeal to the private market, the nonprofits usually have no way to compete, mainly because of cost.
The state began, in 1987, to fill clerical jobs in this office with temporary workers hired through private employment agencies.
No paint or paper will be used.
After his legislative and electoral losses of 1994, he refashioned himself from prime minister responsible for passing laws to the head of state straddling the two parties and standing above them at the apex of a political triangle.
''They wanted to amputate my leg three times, but I stopped them,'' she said.
''You can't fall into the genius syndrome, and try to call your team to victory,'' said Groh, in explaining how Nolan had given his players some latitude in execution.
Edmonton had tied the score at 2 just 1:07 into the third period when Jim Dowd's shot from behind the goal caromed off the skate of the Dallas captain Derian Hatcher and into the net before goaltender Ed Belfour knew what was happening.
As leases expire on those stores, he said, the company could well decide to close them.
Last week, President Clinton and both major presidential candidates, George W. Bush and Al Gore, made pilgrimages to the N.A.A.C.P.
An examination of X-rays from the remnant of an exploded star, or supernova, enabled astronomers to identify and measure in detail the heavy chemical elements produced by the explosion 1,000 years ago and now being dispersed into space.
Putnam OTC Emerging Growth, which raised its technology position to 70 percent in 1999 and rose 125 percent that year, lost 21.2 percent in the quarter.
We have an offer on the table that meets his parameters in every way, and he just doesn't want to play in New York.
Like all great cities in their times, New York thrived in the 20th century because it was a place where the energetic and the talented -- many from distant lands -- gathered to form a critical mass.
He said Mr. Umphrey and the other Texas lawyers he represents ''have repeatedly been asked in many forums whether they have ever given money to a candidate or officials as a quid-pro-quo for official action, and they have repeatedly said under oath that they have never done so.''
Another site that is likely to attract Hollywood talent is Pop.com, which is being created by DreamWorks SKG and Imagine Entertainment and is due in early spring.
''He's such a serious student of the game,'' Fassel said.
Mr. Franco says Long Island Beverage had a competitive edge over some of better-advertised companies in its personal virtues.
Mr. Galano was awarded a prestigious fellowship from the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation in 1998, which had sponsored some of his role models in photography, Diane Arbus and Robert Frank.
Swing dance lessons, every Friday and Saturday night from 11:15 to midnight in the Blue Room.
''What is going on here?''
Despite a $71 million price tag, the plan to build the most expensive minor league stadium in the country on Staten Island provoked little public opposition.
We endorse Mr. Gentile as a coalition builder and a promising leader in Albany.
''The experience starts in the parking lot -- only now you have Gulag prison lights in mercury-vapor blue that renders flesh ghoulish.''
''He is able to do so many things and create so many plays.
Those almost imploring Haider eyes and the level tone of voice combine to bleat, Believe me, I am a reasonable, much maligned man.
Because of an editing error, an article in some copies yesterday about the new United Nations commission for inspecting Iraqi weapons referred incorrectly to the unit being formed by the commission's chairman, Hans Blix.
I hope that in the future a more thorough investigation occurs before publishing so critical an article.
''It was reasonable to look at the president's budget and say, 'Yikes, what is the intention,' '' said Tony Bullock, the chief of staff to Senator Moynihan.
The collars made for tracking wild animals typically have a one-year battery life and a transmitter for sending data to overflying aircraft.
Bix, a professor at Hitotsubashi University in Tokyo, argues that the emperor was fully informed about the military's aggressive moves in Manchuria and China, and approved them.
They included Morris Katz, who held the record for painting more paintings than anybody else.
Harry and his son, Norman Chandler, continued the paper's bedrock Republicanism and often saw nothing wrong with letting their political bias bleed into the paper's news coverage.
Though everyone mills around with head lowered so as not to miss a priceless antique, it pays to look up and notice how the crowd moves along the shrine path in waves under a series of great torii gates like the pilgrims of old.
''Everyone's selling the same lousy rates, so every bank is offering some 'product enhancements,' '' said Melissa Cohn, the president of the Manhattan Mortgage Company, one of New York City's biggest residential mortgage brokers.
Here at the Harare Sports Center, McEnroe had the opportunity to balance that formula, when he said that his long and contentious relationship with the Australian umpire, Wayne McKewen, contributed to Woodruff's pain.
And maybe it wasn't particularly politic.
Within 100 feet of the entrance to any health care facility, no one may make an unwanted approach within eight feet of another to talk or pass out a leaflet.
''But I need to know what he's going to do for me.''
He has stained teeth that could use some work and hound-dog eyes that have had some work.
And because of these supplemental fees -- essentially late fees -- some $2.2 million will be added to the day's $13 million in purses.
So now we know what we already knew.
A day later, addressing South Carolina reporters, he reversed himself and called the flag ''a symbol of heritage.''
''There were only a few Japanese experts,'' he said.
TORONTO MAPLE LEAFS--Re-signed F Jonas Hoglund, F Yanic Perreault and F Alyn McCauley to one-year contracts.
Free productions of Shakespeare at various sites in the city.
Fusaichi Pegasus, the ''flying horse'' who won the Kentucky Derby and then was syndicated for $60 million, was made the 8-5 favorite for the final performance of his career Saturday in the $4.7 million Breeders' Cup Classic, a race that could leave him with the ultimate honor in racing, Horse of the Year.
For breakfast, I get powdered milk and those big, huge packages of cereal.
-- other children would look to see ''who's the new exchange student.''
There is also a pleasant throwback to the days when observation decks were the rage.
But there are other compelling reasons to ban snowmobiles.
Asked by Italian newspaper editors about organized crime and corruption in Russia, Mr. Putin rather tartly told his Italian audience that, ''Mafia is not a Russian word.''
Now an overnight trip away from their families, the inmates suffered a severe drop-off in family visits.
''Grammy'' to Aimee, Jessica, Melissa, Matthew, and Kristin, great grandchild, Julia.
''It wouldn't be feasible for the Rangers to sign a free agent like this without these TV deals,'' Mike Cramer, president of the Southwest Sports Group, Hicks's sports holding company, said yesterday, before Rodriguez's signing became official.
''Nor am I under any coercion or duress from the officers.''
Symphony Space was built in 1915 by Vincent Astor as the 95th Street Market and over the decades went through various incarnations.
Red Smith, then of The New York Herald-Tribune, described Zatopek's running style: ''Bobbing, weaving, staggering, gyrating, clutching his torso, slinging supplicating glances toward the heavens, he ran like a man with a noose around his neck.
And later she observed: ''I like the surprise werewolf.
The shares traded as high as $165, more than four times the offering price of $38, before retreating to slightly more than $95.
''Capturing Time: The New York Times Capsule'' includes some of the nearly 50 design proposals received in a New York Times Magazine competition to create a time capsule for preserving artifacts from today for the next 1,000 years.
The Black & Decker Corporation, the world's biggest maker of power tools, said today that it would increase its stock buyback program to five million shares from two million shares.
MR. GORE -- If I thought that there was no alternative, then I might feel differently.
Accompanied by reggae, the food is a mix of specialties from several Caribbean islands.
Fortunately for the president, Rapaille said, Americans aren't all that enamored of perfection.
Some of the more prominent roster overhauls involved the Knicks, the Heat and the Pacers.
Municipal transportation agencies around the country have come under pressure to switch to natural gas buses as a way to reduce pollution, with Los Angeles and other cities converting their whole fleets to this technology.
The lives of two modern women converge with the life and work of Virginia Woolf.
Coney Island with 100 degrees and having to get from the towel to the beach where the skin came off at the bottom of my feet.
Mr. Taylor glared at a patron, who remembered him and later picked him out of a lineup.
The real estate boom collapsed in 1997, leaving the country with an estimated 370,000 empty, mostly expensive, apartments.
The existence of a largest size of structure had been hinted at in earlier surveys, but those structures ''were as large as the survey volume,'' Dr. Frieman said.
Thus far, Damascus has wanted to talk only about territory.
Opening when its subject is 40 and a rising authority on aesthetics, Volume II of this vast biography charts Ruskins unraveling from passionate cataloger (rocks, plants, buildings, paintings, clouds) to tragic obsessive (irrigation, drainage, running water, little girls).
''And don't make eye contact.
Webb fired an even-par 72 for a four-round total of 265, tying the Oldsmobile Classic record of 23 under by Lisa Walters in 1998 at Walnut Hills Country Club in East Lansing, Mich. She held on for a two-stroke victory over the fast-closing Meg Mallon, who shot a 66.
''On the one hand it's sad, but on the other hand I'm really happy and feel fortunate to have a group of fellow co-workers, fighting for the same cause,'' fair treatment, he said through a translator.
Testaverde, who is nearing 37, is healthy and, his teammates attest, back to preinjury form, perhaps even better for the one-year rest.
''There's no doubt that Joan loves these tigers,'' Ms. Southard said.
Other candidates include Judge Edith H. Jones, 51, who sits on the same court as Judge Smith, and Judge Frank H. Easterbrook, 52, an appeals court judge in Chicago who is a leading judicial exponent of the so-called law and economics school.
Turn off heat; let spices infuse for 20 minutes.
If so, that puts the customer firmly in the driver's seat.
He said that he had lost his technique after setting the American record in June, but thought he had recovered it.
Another supporter, William J. McLean, 75, of Lindenhurst, said he moved to within a mile and a half of the airport in 1956 and believes the proposed changes ''benefit the neighborhood because they are looking to improve the airport.''
How a murderer helped compile the O.E.D.
Dave will be remembered with love by the many relatives, friends and clients who were recipients of his kindness and devotion.
Because tapping into the strategic reserve, without conservation or exploration, only guarantees OPEC's dominance.
Oakland has learned how to win close games, going 3-0 this year in contests decided by seven points or less.
This means the Pentagon has little business to sprinkle over the military industry other than the Joint Strike Fighter.
Each map was researched, drawn and checked by a specialist in that area and then reviewed by several other experts.
The consumers, however, will determine the pace of economic growth in the future, and the second-quarter gross domestic product report suggests they are pulling back.
Cleaves, playing the second half with a severely sprained ankle, scored 18 points and handed out 4 assists.
''We want to deal with issues and not have to sugarcoat them,'' said Ms. Goldberg, who occasionally puts in an appearance on ''Strong Medicine'' as Dr. Lydia Emerson, an eminent women's health specialist.
''It's the same plays but different audiences,'' said the intense, chain-smoking theater manager.
Gonzalez makes a persuasive case that newcomers and natives alike ought to be able to agree on certain common-sense goals, among them that the federal government should help areas hardest hit by immigrant influxes, that English fluency is a critical asset for economic advancement and that foreign-born residents should become legal citizens, with a voice in the system.
De Soto notices that ''a strategy to capitalize the poor has to integrate two apparently contradictory property systems within the same body of law'' but slides cavalierly over the problem that incompatible social contracts present to attempts to unify them.
All women were susceptible to the male.
Services will be held at 2 o'clock Friday, July 28, 2000 in Greenlawn Funeral Home Chapel.
From the clubhouse, the fairways of the three nine-hole courses uncoil in all directions.
; Goodby, Silverstein & Partners in San Francisco; and Martin/Williams in Minneapolis.
Elections officials here, finished with the count of most of the 588,000 ballots from 609 precincts, moved from the Emergency Operations Center in nearby Plantation to the courthouse here to consider the disputed ballots.
In their haste, they forgot to retract the airplane's speed brakes, which are flaps on the wings that made climbing more difficult.
But even she, whose calendar sold 500,000 copies this year, is unsure of her beauty in a sea of it.
The site did offer several shows with three cameras, but that was not the norm.
NOYES MUSEUM OF ART Inspired by Nature series, featuring ''Recreating Flowers: The Glass Wonders of Paul J.
Surviving are his wife Helen Goldstein Meyers, daughters Gail Sharman and Susan Chandler, three grandchildren and four great-grandchildren.
A splinter from the racket apparently lodged in his hand, prompting a three-minute injury timeout.
The weak euro is pushing up the price of all imports from outside the euro zone.
However, there is much exposition on the mechanics of ''Survivor'': how the group is actually divided into an orange team (the Tagi tribe) and a yellow (Pagong).
''You can't get rid of ragweed, and every single person in New York has a cat,'' Dr. Lubitz noted.
In yesterday's incident, the woman was attacked around 12:45 a.m. after walking to drop off a friend after attending the opera at Lincoln Center, investigators said.
They have long cited diplomatic immunity in violating the city's parking rules.
If Mr. Cruise peeled off his face and turned out to have been Chow Yun Fat all along, the picture might be saved.
''I read that apparently there was a situation that was not so easy for Mr. Ohnesorg in Carnegie Hall,'' he said, ''and so I thought it might be a chance to get him.
The same acute ideological split that has shown up elsewhere was evident in Virginia, with Mr. Bush winning most of those who oppose abortion and attach great importance to moral issues, for example, and Mr. McCain winning most of those who back abortion rights and care more deeply about taxes and foreign policy.
Before getting Hill on July 23, General Manager Brian Cashman called Chuck LaMar, the general manager of the Devil Rays, and asked if Canseco was available.
Mr. Stapp, who also co-writes the band's songs, didn't listen to rock until his late teens because of his strict Pentecostal upbringing, and he still brings a spiritual foundation to the band's hard-edged, arena-ready songs.
Based in San Francisco, the foundation was created by Congress in 1996 to preserve America's film heritage.
Most important for Tibet's current political fate, he plays a central role in sanctioning the choice of the most revered figure, the Dalai Lama, who lives in a kind of celebrated exile as the embodiment of resistance to Chinese domination.
The Balkans gave NATO a role, to defeat aggression and stabilize southern Europe; if the Americans pull out, what use is NATO?
That in turn could help society deal with problems like global warming and the proper use of biotechnology.
The Park service offers tours and information on the history of conservation.
My little sister just bother me and my teacher is the best.
Swimming's world governing body, FINA, said that its out-of-competition tests were conducted on a random basis.
Black cod marinated in sake lees and grilled is a rich, irresistible morsel of fish.
In addition, one of the game's most successful players, Houston Comets guard Cynthia Cooper, who missed the All-Star Game with a sprained ankle, has announced she will retire after this season.
Day 2: Dinner at the Motorola Museum in Chicago.
needs five victories and a tie in 12 stroke-play matches today to keep alive its 16-year winning streak and win the title for the 20th time in 22 years.
The butcher shop stretches the width of the store's back wall.
Coach LARRY ROBINSON said he was not overly concerned about SCOTT GOMEZ's lack of production.
.5:10:57 24436 Nees, T, 32M .
A dynamic Swiss octogenarian named Marc Hodler is perhaps the only person to have made a major impact in three areas.
''The first-person mode of narration,'' Mr. Forman writes in his 1993 autobiography, ''Turnaround,'' ''is better suited to literature than to film.
Several officials said that the longer it takes to choose an interim leader, the more likely it is that the board will authorize someone like Dr. Rizzo, the deputy, to continue to run the system until a permanent chancellor can be found, skipping the interim altogether.
Not long ago, a group of women and girls flew in from Maryland to spend the weekend at American Girl Place.
Flags flew at half staff and people left mementos at the shooting site.
*Was it an inside joke that the name of the character played by John Corbett on ''Sex and the City,'' Aidan Shaw, was almost identical to the name of a longtime star of gay sex films, Aiden Shaw?
It does, however, lead to the question, What's a Gen-X'er to do?
''That will be discussed after the season is over,'' he said.
Questions of sanity, perception and memory were pursued in the mid-1990's in ''L'Homme Qui,'' inspired by Oliver Sacks's book ''The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat.''
I think Mr. Lazio's a lawyer.
''When I do four hands, I run around,'' he told a visitor.
And as Y and J walk to a hotel for their first encounter, they pass a similar pair exiting the establishment.
The value of these shares could well soar when the company carries out its plan to offer stock for public sale later this year, its first public offering.
I avoided talking to her, though I would always regret my decision as I watched her walking slowly to her barrack, greeting everyone who passed with a polite nod.
It is only in the last decade, especially with the plethora of competitive late-night comedy shows on network television and cable, that political candidates and elected officials have borne the brunt of so many jokes.
Panavision appears to be a classic case of a good company with a bad balance sheet.
Now that the appeals court has upheld Mr. Kambanda's life sentence, he is likely to be returned to Africa, to Mali, Benin or Swaziland, which have agreed to take in convicts from the Rwanda tribunal, a court spokesman said.
The bride is in charge of fund-raising and public relations at the Brooklyn-Queens Conservatory of Music, a nonprofit community school in Flushing.
The day after Mr. Van Horne won his primary, Representative Tom Davis of Virginia, head of the N.R.C.C., recalled that in 1994 Mr. Van Horne used a racial slur in talking about State Representative Dwight Evans, head of the Appropriations Committee.''
Dr. Wasserman later apologized for not being sufficiently clear.
Ms. Milan died on June 20 after a confrontation with two men in front of the Port Authority terminal, the police said.
But Apple's service is limited to a paltry 20 MB.
''It's part of the American myth that we are naturally a tinkering people and accepting of technological change,'' said Alex Roland, a professor at Duke University who specializes in the history of technology.
''Not true,'' he said, jabbing his finger in the air for emphasis as he strolled toward his plane after the memorial service with reporters in tow.
The officials said American authorities were willing to allow Filipinos arrested in the case to be prosecuted in the Philippines, even though the virus created havoc, and financial losses, in a number of countries.]
But an investor who put $1,000 into the stock at the close of trading that first day, and held on, would now have stock worth $80,500.
From a personal perspective, O'Neill's bottom line, his statistics, could determine a great deal about his future.
And when Ben died two months later, I received the nicest note from Tiger.''
Mondays and Wednesdays through Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 3 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 and 7:30 p.m. Tickets: $20 and $55 (Brantley).
His drawings of them fill the first room of the show, and they're strange, at once bland and overly expressive, closer to caricatures than to portraits.
Signed by a major label in the early 90's when it seemed that there might be a new youth market for jazz, he's now a free agent, and he's spent a few years traveling and taking a break from leading a band: going to Cuba, as so many younger jazz musicians are doing, studying rhythm and showing up as a guest in various bands from that of the jazz bassist Dave Holland to the hip-hop performer Common's.
Duane Doberman on the series, provided the voice for Benny the Ball.
2 ,'' John J. Sweeney, president of the federation, said jovially after the private session.
CIT Tours Corporation in New York also has a five-night Rome winter special at $599 a person, with two in a room, through March 10.
The League of Women Voters of Westchester recently released their two-year study of wastewater treatment in Westchester County.
But more than 10,000 of those children will be prekindergartners.
Several factors led to the demise of the four-team deal, none more important than the Pistons' refusal on Monday night to take on the contracts of seven marginal role players moments after the Knicks, the Lakers and the SuperSonics had begun plans for a conference call to announce the deal.
''You have to stay with a guy,'' Valentine said.
''Con Brio 9'' (1918), for example, is a maelstrom of thrusting lines and biomorphic forms with a womblike center; its thundering reds and blacks add to its impact.
Unlike Rao's, it will accept credit cards.
One of the last of the many legendary contests won by the British philosopher A. J. Ayer was his encounter with Mike Tyson in 1987.
Ten minutes before the conference began, all signatures were in place.
The Votomatic-style marking units used in Palm Beach County in this election dramatically increased the number of partially perforated and indented chads in the first column of many punch cards, the column that was used for presidential votes.
Contributions in her memory may be made to any mental health charity.
23 Marc Rosset of Switzerland, 6-4, 6-4.
No matter how fast he runs or how much he might accomplish, the younger Dorsett is never more than a few steps from the elder Dorsett.
''What Labine and Kucks did,'' said Larsen, ''they were the two best games I ever saw pitched.''
''You have to put yourself in the position of the average motorist in New Jersey.''
Diane Cardwell (NYT) BRONX: FUGITIVE ARRESTED A fugitive accused of murdering five people in Puerto Rico in 1993 was awaiting extradition yesterday after being arrested in the Bronx, the authorities said.
employee setting aside the company's slogan, ''Think,'' with another sign: ''Scheme.''
After two days of examinations, Kelly said Lindros's concussion had been more severe than Silberstein thought.
.3:57:22 8743 Fischer, B, 47M .
Despite substantial public efforts aimed at downtown improvement, individual initiative has fueled the resurgence in the Mansion Hill district.
The farmers are challenging the government's plan to resettle blacks on more than 3,000 white-owned farms.
He thinks Jews and Palestinians should give up on their nationalist ambitions and live together.
''My first reaction was, Edward, get down on your knees and beg the Lord to give you a hand, and don't get up too quickly.''
But a lawyer for the drivers said their hours and movements were closely controlled by Pepsi.
The court read that objective of looking to the voter's intent as indicating that the Legislature probably meant ''legal vote'' to mean a vote recorded on a ballot indicating what the voter intended.
One of the leaders, the Rev.
.3:52:48 7596 Griffith, J, 29M .
Mr. Logue's performance as a nice-guy player - his weight doesn't keep him from scoring with the ladies - makes the movie glide.
Priests are not sanctimonious guardians of tradition but mercenaries who extort bribes at funerals; the funerals themselves are perfunctory, possessing none of the habitual ceremony and maudlin ritual so common in literature about India.
The trial court did not make any findings as to the factual allegations made in the complaint and did not reference any of the testimony adduced in the two-day evidentiary hearing, other than to summarily state that the plaintiffs failed to meet their burden of proof.
''What we are seeing in the chats is someone saying something is going to happen, and then it happens,'' Mr. Brumley added.
Now, it's not much of a problem.
Wenda Harris Millard, executive vice president for domestic media business, was named executive vice president for global media.
After making unannounced visits to the hospital the monitoring committee's report said: ''Idle patients are living in a physical and psychological environment that, at best, strains the meaning of 'humane.'
He and other farmers in the area have focused their attention on the pig farm, because ducks upstream had no problem in the fall, while ducks downstream died en masse.
Last week, Mr. Kowalski, who now lives in Paris, was back in the East Village to attend a screening of his film -- it was re-released in 1985 under the title ''Story of a Junkie'' -- at the Pioneer Theater on Avenue A.
C2 Business Digest C1 OBITUARIES C23-24 FASHION B11 DINING F1-12 EDITORIAL A26-27 Editorials: A ''tilt'' toward India; sound strategy on forest fires; medical marijuana and free speech.
Since then, he has used talking parrots that expound on modern art, set up installations in which silkworms gradually envelop computers, books and other information devices with their gossamer spinnings, and twisted long wire leashes into poetic scripts that viewers both read and follow through museum galleries, eventually to find docile sheep at the other end.
Against Corretja, who prides himself on his professionalism, Hewitt came as close to perfection as possible, yielding only at 4-0 in the third set when Corretja finally held serve.
(+) 3 46 GIRL, INTERRUPTED, by Susanna Kaysen.
It shuts off when I come home and starts up just when I'm ready to leave.
Lu Ya-li, a political scientist at National Taiwan University, said he doubted that the case would help the party.
Trooper Hogan's lawyer, Mr. Galantucci, said he did not dispute evidence that many troopers engaged in discrimination for years, but he contended that it would be a grave injustice to punish the two troopers for the failings of the entire force.
It is that an arms race is under way in California's 27th Congressional District, one that preserves the political status quo even as it darkens the political environment.
Over the past decade, China has tried to overhaul its legal system, training thousands of new lawyers and passing laws that greatly expand their role in criminal cases -- for example, for the first time giving defendants in detention the right to a lawyer and allowing lawyers to conduct pretrial investigations.
Senator Dirksen was among the officials seen meeting with President Kennedy in Washington at the height of the crisis, and Mr. Yates complained that his opponent had cast himself as an adviser to the president, when in fact Mr. Dirksen was simply being briefed on presidential decisions.
Devoted mother of Judith and Carol and George Weinbaum.
If the only articles ever written about cinema were 'all movies are violent,' we would think the critics, the journalists, had missed something that was vital about the emergence of that form.''
We need more public discussion and a return to democracy on questions relating to immigration.
But if the Mets are to continue this season, it is conceivable that Bobby J. Jones will yet play a significant role.
Do the thieves really expect new music and movies to continue pouring forth if the artists and companies behind them are not paid for their work?
The new Rizzoli version adds some portraits and a foreword by Bill Blass.
Negotiations are stalled, and now the dams threaten to reduce the supply downstream.
The poet laureate Robert Pinsky provided the book's foreword, which reads in part, ''The silence of light and the silence of stone defer to the articulate imagination of the European Jews who designed and commissioned and carved and tended these stones, markers that now memorialize more than their original intention: the death of a world.''
You could take pride in beating the country club boys.''
And Ms. Enrico's interest was heightened as she recognized how she appeared to others.
The Event, as first tried out in 1964, pushes his relish for seeing movement in different contexts to a further extreme.
''The plane was near the runway, but didn't land,'' he said.
Collins said he played terribly, missed open receivers and could easily have been intercepted three more times.
The findings suggested that the Gospel parable about a rebellious son, welcoming father and vexed older brother ''should not be read in terms of virtues like mercy, forgiveness and humility.''
In 1941 he and his wife, Blanche, started Dover as a mail order business for remaindered books.
Clearing and clouding over several times a day, the sky first reveals and then obscures the mountains, like some cosmic theatrical curtain rising and falling.
Marie, though, does not give up, ignoring Aleksei's warning that she is putting the entire family at risk.
There doesn't appear to be a source for this rarity in the United States.
Two of their three wars have been rooted in the dispute.
But our view has always been that we're rebuilding the Internet.''
East St. Louis Self-Help Is Seen As the Solution It was Sunday, the sun shining like a halo, and the streets of East St. Louis were virtually empty, as though the city had been warned of an air raid.
''I have had a couple of billionaire clients, and that is what they want: 24-hour car valet service; a concierge to handle theater reservations, food shopping and repairs; and 24-hour restaurant service, the more stars the restaurant the better.
Some journalists for Politika called on their colleagues to consider a strike.
Jonathan Gash's dodgy dealer (''infallible at antiques, excellent at forgeries, useless with money'') makes up for lost time in A RAG, A BONE AND A HANK OF HAIR (Viking, $23.95), which pits our favorite scoundrel against a smooth villain with a devious plan to put rival dealers out of business.
The yield on the 10-year note has been fighting to move back below 6 percent for five weeks.
And ballet will be represented by Graham Lustig's American Repertory Ballet (May 8-13) of New Jersey, Fort Worth Dallas Ballet, which is relatively new to New York (May 29-June 3), and Manhattan's own burnished Dancegalaxy (July 30-Aug. 4).
But while those ingredients and grains are essential, food production nowadays is so efficient, so competitive and so commoditized that profit margins are slim.
The sketches were written quickly.
''I like people around me.
Translated by Catherine A. Fitzpatrick.
We record with sorrow the passing of our beloved colleague.
What did it mean that her preteen students wanted them so badly?
A Federal Aviation Administration spokesman, Jim Peters, said initial reports indicated that there might have been a passenger, but Chief Lynch said the pilot was the only one on board.
Ravenously hungry, the environmentalists end up trying to club marmots and devouring whole colonies of mussels, as facile ironies proliferate around them.
by 54-7 in Tallahassee, Fla., in Bowden Bowl II.
The president also appeared at the estate of Barbra Streisand yesterday morning for a brunch that would raise close to $10 million for the presidential library in Little Rock, Ark.
But the call went against the St. John's guard.
Federal money attributed to the child will go to the parent for public school or charter school or tutorial or Catholic school.
Zecki Dossal, a Columbia University student from Scarsdale, who, in the name of birthday parties and corporate events, spent this summer, as he has the last five, zipped into Mickey Mouse, Winnie-the-Pooh and other costumes where ''the heat is unbearable,'' didn't want the summer to end either.
The sound of the band -- the same lineup heard on Mr. McCaslin's new album, ''Seen From Above'' (Arabesque) -- starts in its rhythm section.
But Tina Thompson scored off a rebound and added a free throw to put Houston ahead, 66-59, with 1:06 left.
The text is supported by a chronology, information about Franklin's inventions, sayings from ''Poor Richard's Almanack,'' historic sites young readers might visit and an annotated bibliography; the artist describes the research that went into the handsome, accurate illustrations.
A great day of jazz by any standards, and one that, in its non-attention-getting manner, is indicative of where the inventive mainstream is right now; one wonders why New York's enormous jazz festivals don't have bills like this.
Publicis & Hal Riney, which had handled the account since 1992, parted ways with Serta when the review began in June.
There were the expected selections from the day's catch -- squid, prawns and various types of fish from a boatman who had obviously been much luckier than ours.
The new structure, built in 1998, was a yearlong project resulting in a two-car garage.
''As a group that's so small and that continues to assimilate, we simply can't afford to fight with each other.
Although he was not a politician full of fire and dazzle, politics was clearly Mr. Carnahan's passion from an early age, friends said.
Don't Try This At Home People already sell their own blood and sperm -- so what's to stop them from selling directly to companies like Ardais whatever tissue they want?
One woman wore a ''Free the Palm Beach 2000'' button.
This suggested a strong five-card suit, since he would have presumably bid four hearts a round earlier holding six.
The Manship medallions were removed in September and taken to Warren, Conn., for restoration, after which they will probably be installed at the New York Transit Museum in downtown Brooklyn, said Tom Kelly, a spokesman for the M.T.A.
Johnson signed an eight-year, $56 million contract with the Bucs.
And we also get a sense, perhaps for the first time, of the peculiar gravitational force that has kept that immense asteroid belt of friends and admirers orbiting around White all these years.
contends -- failed to kill any Americans only because a detonator went off prematurely, disabling a huge truck bomb.
He won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1964, at the age of 35, the youngest person ever to do so.
Can you please advise me where I might get a copy?
The question of Pakistan's role in the hijacking has already inflamed relations between India and Pakistan, which both possess the nuclear bomb.
Hundreds of stone-throwing protesters confronted officers in Nazareth, where a man was killed.
Moby, ersatz mean machine that it is, is also something of a fop and does not go quietly into the parking lot, literally or figuratively.
''Wise investments are not bad,'' he said.
had premieres at the theater before being seen in New York.
They are aimed at both business and leisure travelers aged 25 to 54.
FOR nearly 31 years, Robert T. Delfay received as little attention as the trade association he worked for, the National Shooting Sports Federation, a group devoted to promoting the pleasures of hunting and target-shooting.
It might, however, displease his wife.
The second part of Murphy's title, ''The Storm That Changed America,'' demonstrates the blizzard's real importance.
Replace the soil with a new batch, cutting its richness by adding one part sand to every three parts soil.
Nor does Colby neglect temporary exhibitions: its ambitious program includes the current ''Modernism and Abstraction: Treasures From the Smithsonian American Art Museum,'' a survey of 20th-century developments illustrated by artists including Hartley, Joseph Stella, Stuart Davis, Jennifer Bartlett, David Hockney and Eric Fischl.
Before the overthrow, the Mossadegh government had acted to legalize the Iranian Communist Party, and had also nationalized the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company.
When she was 8, she spent her first summer at Hammersmith Farm, in Newport, R.I., owned by the Auchincloss family.
In the middle of gaining ground against America One on the first leg of their race in this semifinal round, the Italian boat's mast snapped in half, putting a stunningly quick end to a duel that might well have come down to the final jibe.
* Peggy Nahmany, global communications manager at Euro RSCG Worldwide, New York, part of Havas Advertising, was named director for global communications.
I came in for one inning and I blew the game.
In Germany, the opposition Christian Democrats, who have been vehement in their denunciation of the measures, have recently been joined by some members of Mr. Schroder's coalition partner, the Greens.
They note that most of the dozen or so companies cited in the affidavit as successful spinoffs, and which Mr. Greenhill compares with Microsoft, made such moves voluntarily.
In part, their eagerness is based on the fact that the speaker's position is arguably the second most powerful office in New York next to the mayor's.
But I still wore my Oakley sunglasses.
Hoping to settle a publishing industry dispute, Random House, the largest English language publisher, is expected to announce today that it will evenly split its electronic book sales revenue with writers.
Some of the money has gone to a new water system; some was to be spent on a new park and dock on the far side of the Erie, which have not yet been started because the bids came in too high.
26, Bethany Beach, DE., at 11:00 A.M., on Monday, August 28, 2000.
You think I want to live like this?''
Semi-retired since 1981, after 19 years as President of Year Round Sales, a Tupperware distributorship.
Tropical hardwoods usually have short trunks and vast canopies, the better to shed limbs while remaining upright in hurricanes, Dr. Armentano said, but here, because of past storms, there was a lack of such big trees.
''But unless the Fed has to tighten a lot, this still shouldn't be more than a correction.''
And today, as reality sank in and people from South Carolina to New England shoveled, or swept, or blew away snow, Todd Miner, a meteorologist, reflected on the storm that may have cured forecasters' overconfidence for a long time to come.
Mr. Stritch's meaty pianism gives them all a charge of adrenaline.
''Carl did not have to worry about the long jump.
''If you really distill it down, if something is a little bit shocking or unexpected it has a better chance of attracting people.
Such alloys of plutonium behaved like normal metals, being relatively plastic, compressible and resistant to corrosion.
There was, of course, a ''Show Boat'' medley (what could be finer than hearing ''Ol' Man River'' belted out while heading up the Mississippi?).
It has grown more unlikely that the Yankees will try to re-sign the struggling 37-year-old outfielder.
Davis insists there has been no contact.
Although the simultaneous translation via headphones (in which one person renders all the roles) is as spiritless as a United Nations Security Council debate, Ostrovsky's humor can still filter through (as when Dudukin, presenting a gift of caviar to Yelena, observes, ''You must eat something'').
But he was closest to his uncle, a novelist, whose literary circle included Robert Penn Warren.
''I think when all that clears out, we'll see a better picture,'' she said.
After Witasick walked Paul O'Neill to load the bases, Witasick seemed to sneak through a dicey spot by getting Williams to hit a pop fly to shallow left field.
One of the most energetic works is ''La Vigne,'' a thicket of brown and orange branches that might be on fire.
Both shows remain on view through April 1.
Park East Synagogue mourns the passing of our devoted member, Birdie Horvitz.
There were quail eggs and grilled meatballs and shrimp crackers and spring rolls to be had, and pineapples and lotus seeds and sugar cane juice and sour green mangoes.
Signed INF Rafael Bournigal to a minor-league contract.
The party's leadership resigned after the scandals, and its new leader is Angela Merkel, a woman from East Germany.
Reese was hit in the left wrist by a pitch from Armando Reynoso leading off the fifth.
The point was to show Beethoven as more (or, perhaps, less) than the composer of the great works.
Mr. Pitt is the chairman of William Pitt Real Estate in Stamford, Conn., a brokerage firm that he founded in 1949.
B1 A Party in Honor of Puerto Rico Politicians and protesters vied for attention at the National Puerto Rican Day Parade, as hundreds of thousands of people joined in a celebration of Puerto Rican culture, music and ethnic pride.
When Mr. Gore was asked in a primary debate whether the shift in power from Washington to Wall Street was good or bad for America, he called it a ''natural development in a country that's free.''
''He might well take as an insult any inference that he was connected with such assassination plots,'' Mr. Popper said in a cable to Washington.
Credit cards, clothing and other belongings were found nearby.
Then the Pataki-picked delegates could be challenged in the R.N.C.
Mr. Sharon maintained that it was just an ordinary visit by an Israeli to what Jews call Temple Mount, above the remains of the First and Second Temples -- among the holiest sites of Islam, the holiest of Judaism.
''When the food drive came,'' he recalled, ''it was coordinated by Brother Lawrence for the whole school, and Brendan ran our homeroom effort.''
They saw for themselves that modern architecture cannot be reduced to tall glass boxes and bleak housing projects.
(Other New Yorkers with bluebird plates carry Mr. Briggs's initials.)
Mostly between rides Mrs. Carksky discussed Playland's value to the county, which she said goes beyond money.
Maurice's death has left us all with feelings of profound loss.
But soon we fall into a rhythm.
Cover and refrigerate until chilled and solid, 2 to 24 hours.
The radio spots by eSource Marketing in Westport, Conn. -- the interactive unit of the Source Marketing division of Maxxcom -- were centered on a game asking trivia questions about famous millionaires.
Spared from dying in a train wreck, Bhasi has taken his narrow escape as a sign.
We didn't do what we had to at the end to get this win.''
''I always feel that he is a plug and the whole world is full of sockets,'' says Vriesendorp, a striking-looking woman with silver hair, sharp blue eyes -- and a talent for blunt metaphors.
Students in math and statistics classes use Microsoft's spreadsheet program, Excel.
Discount these grumblings as the duty of a writer.
Mr. Farhan, a leader of the Islamist Action Front, Jordan's biggest political party, said the immigration officials had told him that he would not be allowed to re-enter the United States for at least five years.
She has been to Manhattan about 30 times in the past 15 years.
''I'd just done a production of 'Don Carlo' in Paris with two of these singers, Neil Shicoff and Dolora Zajick,'' he said after a rehearsal last week.
On Sunday afternoon he offers the fourth and fifth.
Dr. Jacob J. Schacter, Rabbi Samuel Goldman, President Elza Weinman, Sisterhood
While Revlon should still have enough money to keep running its business, its efforts to restructure and introduce new products may be a little too ambitious, given the amount of cash it has on its books, said George Chalhoub, a junk bond analyst at Merrill Lynch.
While the ballpark was full when the game started, a 40-degree temperature and the rain caused more than half the fans to leave after an inning or two.
Then Carter dropped the lawsuit after widespread criticism that it was a distraction to his own team.
Winogrand took what Frank had to offer him -- the disregard for rules, the wide-angle lens as a means to both inclusiveness and complexity, the rough-and-readiness of approach, the embrace of instability and fragmentation, the trust in the unconscious to winnow an insignificant scene for a kernel of significance -- and put his own stamp on it.
Swedish Match A.B., Sweden's only maker of matches and tobacco products, offered yesterday to buy a 64 percent stake in General Cigar Holdings Inc. for $170 million to expand abroad while focusing on cigars and snuff products.
It is not the only story in which Jin tackles psychological complexity; but in narratives like ''Flame'' and the epistolary ''An Official Reply,'' people relate to one another primarily through institutional structures, rather than as human beings.
Oregon also submitted two sets of returns.
The Balanchine Trust and the Robbins people know that if they give us a piece we're going to do better than our best.
Teams: Eight teams of 40 feral players each, with names that evoke terror, immorality and enormous royalties: the Miami Vile, Los Angeles Pestilence, San Francisco Sin, Philadelphia Turpitude, Chicago Carnage.
That poses a major challenge: to the degree that Microsoft leaves its PC base of power behind, it may leave its traditional leverage behind.
Mr. Hoffa said he pushed his board to make the endorsement after he held extensive talks with Mr. Gore in the past few months and after the vice president began speaking on issues important to working families, something Mr. Hoffa said he had urged him to do.
-------------------- Heptathlete Withdraws SYDNEY, Australia, Sunday, Sept. 24 Reuters Eunice Barber of France, the struggling world champion, withdrew from the Olympic heptathlon today with two events remaining.
''If people think they're going to get a $33 CPM, they're dreaming,'' he said.
Resident of Port-au-Prince, Haiti, Brooklyn, NY and Freehold, NJ.
He was aided by his faithful companion Hillary, a renegade kung-fu champion sworn to avenge the death of her mentor, the chairman of the Wellesley Martial Arts Department.
gathering seemed to share the opinion of Ann Marcus, dean of N.Y.U.
Starting in the 1920's with Konstantin in ''The Seagull'' and the student Trofimov in ''The Cherry Orchard'' (''perfection itself,'' according to the day's leading critic, James Agate), he went on to give acclaimed performances of Trigorin, Vershinin and Gayev.
Tonight, tomorrow, Monday and Thursday at 8 p.m.; Sunday at 3 and 7:30 p.m.; Wednesday at 2:30 and 8 p.m. Tickets: $50 and $55 (premium ringside seating, $75 and $80).
Visiting hours are Wednesday through Friday from noon to 4, Saturday from 11 to 4, and Sunday from 1 to 4.
A3 Turkey Names President Parliament elected the country's top judicial official, Ahmet Necdet Sezer, to the presidency.
Ice sailboating and ice fishing have also resumed this year on the river, especially along the shorelines of counties like Dutchess and Columbia.
After it all, you eat the yamamomo berry, which looks and tastes like a cross between a cherry and raspberry.
Hearty Burgundy has a big, uncomplicated taste and just enough sweetness to defuse, partially anyway, that fiery fare.
They allow us to put our own distributorships over there.
Pepe Pearson was stopped on the 2-point conversion.
''If you value a building with a stabilized tenant in it and you put a value on the same building were it to be empty, there is a huge leap in value that allows you to pay the tenant,'' he said.
''I suspect they're in a different stage in terms of their willingness and know-how, but they will move in similar directions,'' Mr. Georges said.
Few have access to low-income legal clinics, and they give up when they are wrongly denied the credit.
Captain Ed Kemp of the Jefferson County Sheriff's Department said that witnesses reported hearing ''what sounded like an engine revving up in a dive, then they heard an explosion and saw a ball of fire.''
Ron Dixon could be it.
No doubt, many people will keep coming.
That Russian attack faltered after young and sometimes inexperienced Russian troops were bloodied in firefights with battle-hardened rebels, who hid in cellars and in concrete shelters they had erected out of the ruins of the city.
On Friday, he said the program had already proven successful because 96 percent of the teaching fellows passed the main certification exam that new teachers are required to take.
.5:14:24 24790 Mak, T, 47F .
But Lucas did not take offense at Chrebet's show of emotion.
Ahmed's father, Sliman, was sitting in the center of the square fingering a strand of prayer beads.
Speaking of that, I represented Regis Philbin years ago after he had been a sidekick to Joey Bishop.
When 10 European journalists were seized in June, their editors paid $25,000 for their freedom in what they described as a ''gift'' in return for their interviews.
The presidential race has gotten so interesting that people are losing track of that Other Election here in New York.
(Senator Joseph I. Lieberman is one of the best- known examples.)
Both Democrats and Republicans are screening candidates and gearing up for an all-out fight to win the one seat that will give them control of the Legislature.
Colleagues say, however, that he has been shaken by his experiences.
That too is like the Super Bowl in that ABC is capitalizing on the robust demand by offering advertisers the option of buying (cheaper) time in related programs.
It's a lion that the state controlled, but it has freed itself, broken away.''
''I've been consistent over time with regard to tobacco, and I think this illustrates that he hasn't.''
Whisk together egg yolks and remaining sugar.
Garrick Bistro, 242 West 49th Street, also pours free wine with a three-course, $39.95 prix-fixe dinner after 8 p.m., Tuesday through Saturday.
But it should be just a little mysterious.
''As we go in, Ryan asks for a sandwich -- he wants to be eating in the scene.
The income limit for these apartments is 50 percent of the median.
Neither tour officials nor players who were asked criticized Goldstein's decision to call a trainer.
He returned to his law practice and served as chairman and chief executive officer of the Manhattan Bank for Savings from 1977 to 1986.
''I consider St. John's blessed that they will continue to enhance our university community.''
to become a leading Democrat prospect to run for president.
Privately some of his advisers worry that Mr. Bush's economic bench is not as deep as his national security bench.
Nor, he wrote, is the law constitutional under Congress's power to enforce the 14th Amendment, because that power extends only to regulating conduct by the state.
Since complete indifference to such discourse would require a superhuman level of detachment, the risk here is public skepticism about the ability of the justices to approach the case from a position of true neutrality.
The state's record low is 3.2 percent, which was set in January 1970.
In New York, heating oil for September delivery fell 1.29 cents, or 1.3 percent, to 98.59 cents a gallon.
CAMPBELL SOUP CO., Camden, N.J., named Marty Thrasher, currently its president for North American soups and sauces, to the position of president for the North America unit.
While some of the food seems overembellished, the least-adorned dishes are quite good.
At the movie's turning point, Pryce is watching the television news, sees that an abortion clinic has been bombed and stomps out of his hotel room to go there.
Contributions can be made in the memory of Donald Whyte to Music Assistance Fund, c/o American Symphony Orchestra League, 33 W. 60th St, 5th Floor, NY, NY 10023 or A Gift Of Life For Heart Transplant Program, P.O.
But he couldn't figure out what would draw viewers to a league owned by a TV network.
Just as pilots perfect their techniques on flight simulators, students can simulate surgery with an electronic scalpel.
Sponsored by Harlem Heritage Tours.
But performers' producing similar results for music of the same composers is merely a reflection of established traditions that performers absorb.
SILVERSTEIN-Arnold P. Beloved son of Sylvia and the late Charles.
Only passion makes a journey new.
Mr. Weiner, who says New Yorkers look down to get their bearings rather than up, chose to make manhole covers cast with text on their surface.
''If we don't play solid hockey against the Red Wings, especially in their building, we'll be blown out of the rink,'' Tim Taylor said.
''It makes better stories to write about Mrs. Clinton as a purely political person, so I think the changes in the White House, for the first time, have gone wholly or largely unnoticed by the general public,'' said Carl Sferrazza Anthony, who has written five books about first families.
''It was sweet,'' he says, ''definitely.'')
On rock-filled paths, there are stone seats and tables that recall the Stone Age.
George W. Bush, saying his Republican rival is stuck in a cold war time warp, has serious gaps in his experience and knowledge and would rely on isolationist, right-wing advisers for guidance.
In this production by the Kings County Shakespeare Company, no matter what happens in the Athenian court or in the more imposing fairy court of Oberon and Titania, no matter how much amusing confusion Puck produces with his botched enchantments, and no matter how diverting Bottom and his mechanicals contrive to be, the play revolves around the rivalry between Hermia and Helena over which of them will end up with Demetrius and which with Lysander.
The full transcript of the debate is available from The New York Times on the Web: www.nytimes.com/politics
If Mr. Ruzicka continues to give Mr. Boulez a central role in the Salzburg Festival, he should enjoy public support.
''Gilbert de Botton pioneered it to give his clients superior investment performance by using only the most talented managers,'' Lord Rothschild said in a telephone interview from London.
But four years and about 1.2 million listings later, critics and competitors complain that the Realtor.com, the nation's dominant real estate Web site, has done the opposite of what was promised.
.4:35:57 18032 Lelarge, H, 50M .
Yet, in one of the Balkans' many ironies, the one part of Yugoslavia that the West controls may supply the swing that brings victory for the Yugoslav president, Slobodan Milosevic.
Project traces its origin to 1966, when Colm O'Briain graduated from college, rented out the Gate Theater here for six weeks and provided space for artists.
Shrimp in the shell, crackling crisp and salty, come to the table piping hot, exhaling a delicate, fragrant steam.
But it illustrated how much attention Social Security was getting and how eager Mr. Bush was to frame his position as an example of the kind of innovative, fresh leadership he has pledged to take to Washington.
The resignation of Mr. Bulkeley, 39, effective in February, came after discussions between him and Leonard Riggio, the chairman and chief executive of Barnes & Noble Inc., which owns the bookstore in a partnership with Bertelsmann, the media conglomerate..
In the political center of Israel, the fighting sounded particularly close to home tonight.
Young called the drawings and sketches the results of his ''idle hours at Weir Farm.''
And she sighed, ''I was counting on him for my TAAS scores.''
But his spokesman, Mr. Carden, did not dispute Mr. Dangler's and Mr. Moczula's comments.
Dancers on stilts might have been spindly birds.
An Irish-American writer recalls his childhood in Limerick.
Natives like me also harbor a sense of the town's superiority, though I admit there's a fine line between feeling proud and being arrogant.
His Congressional district, the 31st, is heavily Democratic.
''In any 10 year period, there are three or so years when you can sell property well and about 18 months in that time you can sell incredibly well,'' he said.
Sports Plus runs two ice rinks and a video arcade in the 138,000 square feet of space it rents in New Roc City, which opened last fall on the site of the former New Rochelle Mall.
''But our biggest edge is just being home.''
But the evidence is to the contrary.
Now South has a guaranteed endplay, which he foresaw at the start.
The show runs until March 15.
Not so, according to Helen Sutter, manager of the 10-acre Plain Lawn Cemetery in Hicksville.
These artists, many of whom worked in anonymity for big corporations, understood the essence of timeless appeal.
'' Those who do dare find -- nothing.
But, with four hits, Jeter had the biggest afternoon of anyone.
Mr. Li, the project's director, was certainly understating the despair that many scholars and officials have felt about the history problem.
He pointed into the distance.
It seems to be a cross between a calzone and a focaccia sandwich, baked until it puffs up around a hollow center (as a pita bread might), then stuffed with a variety of fillings and baked once more until the ingredients inside reach the same temperature as the crust.
Also, doctors tend to overestimate what patients can do in the recovery period.
Avoid the watery fish soup and the herring in sweetish curry sauce and concentrate on the raw vegetables, tuna salad, good bread, chicken wings, yogurts and fruits.
Houston tried a cutesy behind-the-back pass on a three-on-one in Game 3, resulting in a turnover.
The maker of Banks's beer, Wolverhampton & Dudley Breweries, rejected a takeover offer from Botts & Company, a London-based finance company.
The Hong Kong-style action sequences are lamely edited and staged, and the film swings wildly between tiresome intentional self-parody and the unintentional kind, which is even more annoying (Scott).
Backing off from a nuanced presentation of corporate life, the filmmakers opt for melodramatic caricature.
should offer more than the $7 billion credit line it has set aside for Argentina.
The two also tangled over Mr. Lazio's tax plan, with Mrs. Clinton saying that it had been discredited in several independent analyses as much costlier than the Lazio campaign had suggested.
Unknown to the team, the original prototype had varying thicknesses of the metal on its face, the area that strikes the ball.
Both steps scored points with critics of Jordan's ties to Israel.
Employers who must pay higher insurance premiums for their workers are shouldering the burden of the rising drug prices.
''He's shown remarkable restraint,'' Mr. Connor said.
Excerpts from ''Der Rosenkavalier,'' almost transcendent on her new ''Strauss Heroines'' recording, show why tickets were snapped up so fast when she sang in it at the Metropolitan Opera that she had trouble getting them for her guests.
One explanation for the worry among Bush backers that Mr. McCain could attract Republican voters is that there now seems to be a sense that anything could happen, particularly since the Bush campaign's vow that it would stop Mr. McCain in Michigan did not come to pass.
They won a state Supreme Court decision upholding their position and stalling the appointments of two Democrats, Thomas DeJesu and Christopher Wright.
To buttress his point, he referred to a neurology textbook that shows the procedure as he says it was performed.
It is a very close cousin to quark, which usually, but not always, has at least a little bit of fat.
Ms. Moza later testified against Mr. Herrera when Nassau County prosecutors charged him with fraud.
George W. Bush of Texas took him on directly today and said the president was ''so desperate to have his legacy intact by getting Al Gore elected, he'll say anything.''
''But what we do have is the observation that all known human societies have entertainment of some fashion, and that suggests that it's very old indeed.''
''I'm going for the bigger ratings, the bigger audience,'' Mr. Murphy said.
Actually the wall-to-wall swearing of Tony Soprano and friends is exaggerated, Mr. Pistone said, and some of the Soprano characters don't even look right, like one fellow with a ponytail.
He could have been one of the best players in the N.B.A.
Or is he really magical, like a character from one of Mattie's stories?
Italy has yet to weigh in on the treatment of the Roman world.
It cannot reach such a verdict, however, by concentrating on the arguments about process and hierarchy raised by Mr. Bush.
As the ostrich ascends to the status of It creature, fashion designers, book publishers and even chefs are finding ways to exploit its feathers, flesh and appealing image.
Dry-aged New York sirloin had a splendid steakhouse flavor, nicely set off by cracked-peppercorn bordelaise.
Reversing course after four months of vociferous opposition, Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani said yesterday that he would now support the appointment of Harold O.
Congress in 1996 set extremely tight time limits for federal death penalty appeals, making it more likely that innocent people will be executed for crimes they did not commit.
Mr. Schwartz has an agreement to receive 30 percent of the money Maximus is paid by the city for these programs.
''You would hope that if a case was brought it would be laughed out of court,'' Mr. Bernstein, the law professor, said.
The dancing by Ms. Parr and Mr. Rink was also admirable.
If he does find the golden answer, there could be another scheduling glitch to face.
The Bush campaign's $70 million war chest is almost depleted, drained by the costly fight against Mr. McCain.
Young Israel of Oceanside expresses heartfelt condolences to our member Alan Zibitt and family on the loss of his beloved mother.
The foundation now routinely gives away amounts like $50 million to the Hispanic Scholarship Fund and $30 million to the American Indian College Fund, compared with five years ago when its largest grant was about $6 million.
Now, a little-noticed Securities and Exchange Commission rule that will go into effect next month should make it easier for Mr. Fukai and others like him to sell their companies' stock without running afoul of insider-trading law.
John Kent Harrison, director; Jordan Kerner and Jon Avnet, executive producers; Beth Colt and Sam Waterston, producers; Stephen J. Turnbull, line producer and unit production manager; Kees Van Oostrum, director of photography; Susan Longmire, production designer; Henk Van Eeghen, editor; Resa McConaghy, costume designer; Phyllis Rossheim-Pierce, co-executive producer; screenplay by Paris Qualles; music by Lawrence Shragge.
Tom Kite, a 19-time winner on the P.G.A.
''This is a district with a quirky history, and the race here is definitely in play, as always.''
He grew up in Flatbush, not far from the Church Avenue trolley, the last trolley in Brooklyn, which stopped running in 1956, when Mr. Matus was 10 years old.
The Democrats, alarmed at the possibility have mounted an aggressive campaign to try to reclaim the votes of people who are leaning Green.
''The goat needs milking, and we have 200 pounds of olives to stuff.
It is up for best film against ''The Talented Mr. Ripley,'' ''The End of the Affair,'' ''The Sixth Sense'' and ''East Is East.''
In England, Andy Cole salvaged a point for Manchester United in a 2-2 tie with lowly Wimbledon to stay 6 points ahead of Leeds United, which was held to a scoreless deadlock at Middlesbrough.
Indeed, all the officers say their neighbors have been sympathetic, even when protesters showed up on their block.
Among the losers were No.
Denied asylum at the South Korean Embassy in Beijing, Mr. Kim, a 30-year-old former government worker, spent two grueling years in China as a vagrant, begging for food and eluding authorities who routinely return refugees to North Korea where they face imprisonment or execution.
Two scenes were cut from ''In Between'' because students were not paying attention.
And it helped bring Mr. Leveque's ''Stigmata'' to P.S.
When our board of education chooses to make the public aware of an issue, they find a way.
I said, 'Tammy, we've got a little gospel singer or the next Whitney Houston or something.'
In May, Neil L. Rudenstine, the president of Harvard University, said he planned to step down next spring after 10 years.
In his ruling, Judge Lamberth said that, when Mr. Clinton and his aides released the letters, they surely knew of his 1997 finding that the White House was bound by the Privacy Act.
They fall squarely into the other category of electronic devices: extracurricular.
He explained that there were certain audible peculiarities if you listened carefully to the master sound reel.
Israel says it is ready to concede the principle of full withdrawal, but wants border adjustments to assure continued control of the Sea of Galilee, its principal freshwater source.
In time, he became a skillful negotiator, a lion of the bar known for his ability to resolve disputes.
A display of art and fashion.
The subject is a serious one: How unforgivingly should Jews remember the Holocaust?
''We're sidestepping the whole movie business,'' Mr. Sokolow said, adding that he and Mr. Lobl had not interested big studios in the movie.
I want to get rid of him.
''This means that all our previous theories have to be thrown out.''
Congressional Republicans say their position is based on the interference that broadcasters insist the new stations would cause for the signals of existing stations.
Instead, le Gouvello said cheerfully, except for the two and a half weeks she lost when the wind died, her voyage has gone pretty much as planned by her and the support staff in Paris.
Some 4,800 people have received pension checks this year because they looked for their names on a Web site created by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, the federal agency that insures traditional pensions.
The cave-aged beer is softer and fruity.
''He hit a bad slider,'' said Rodriguez, who got the loss.
Yet as Penn explained his theory, he described a mix of noble conviction and more pragmatic calculation.
''President Zedillo has lost the capacity to lead,'' Mr. Bartlett told PRI leaders at party headquarters on July 3, a day after the voting.
But she spoke out for women's rights as human rights.
''We bit on that toss to Martin and left Chrebet open in the end zone.
Chicago Cubs Don Baylor, first year 1999: 67-95, sixth Coveted by the Cubs, as well as other teams, Don Baylor told his Chicago recruiters that for him to consider taking their job, they would have to make moves to improve the team that had the league's second-worst record last season.
former Secretary of State James A. Baker III, Mr. Bush's chief representative here, demanded this morning as he offered to drop his objections to including any hand-counted ballots and accept however many could be submitted by this evening if the Gore campaign would drop its effort to prolong the count.
Michigan State, ranked second in the Associated Press news media poll, defeated eighth-ranked Seton Hall, 72-57, in the second game tonight.
Enrico Cuccia, who turns 93 in November, just got out of the hospital, but still keeps an office and the title of honorary chairman of Mediobanca, one of Italy's most important banks.
She was 89 years old and the daughter of the late Captain Roger Williams & Frances Mcllvaine Williams.
(Written scene titles continue to appear, but they now convey no essential information: if you ignored them, you could still follow the silly plots.)
So far, 58 companies have joined the foundation, she added.
The automobile industry was the main part of the economy in the first half of the century.
The Expos have several productive and less expensive starting pitchers, making Hermanson expendable.
The point of participating in mock trial, said Diane Edgerton, a business and law teacher and co-coach of the team from Great Neck North High School, is to get students to understand and appreciate the legal system.
Parents and students held pep rallies encouraging students to study hard and do well.
You want to get it over and relax.
Will the crucial asset be a subscriber base, a broadband electronic pipeline or a server full of movies, music and news?
''I don't know what I'm going to do.''
''But if you want deep, read a book!''
Crafts, antiques and corporate displays.
If he is wrong and the signals of existing radio stations are degraded, Mr. Kennard says, he will move in quickly to eliminate the problems.
The world seems to offer the tantalizing possibility of freedom, embodied by Liz -- played by Julie Christie -- a girl who, in Billy's envious description: ''Goes where she feels like.
''I was singing to my dead mother,'' she recalled, ''saying how we were so busy working in the fields that I never had time to tell her I loved her.''
My own feeling is that green tea and ice cream go together about as well as caviar and marshmallows.
The conference was held more than a year after Judge Rakoff had dismissed the case.
However, Ms. Zdanowicz estimates that such units would sell for about $120,000.
''You've never seen so many people under three feet high,'' Mr. Allen marveled.
East Coast Hockey League JACKSON BANDITS--Re-signed LW Brian Callahan.
Dr. Brown is deputy director of the energy efficiency and renewable energy program of the Oak Ridge National Laboratory.
For the most part, I'm good with it.
Leo Burnett USA in Chicago said yesterday that it would form a unit devoted to consumer health care advertising named LeoHealth, with more than 45 employees and billings estimated at $150 million from clients like Pharmavite, for Nature Made vitamins, and Procter & Gamble, for brands like Metamucil and Pepto-Bismol.
James Suydam Jones was born in Far Hills, N.J., on Jan. 10, 1914.
One day, when Kallan was ensconced in his office bassinet at 9 weeks old, Ms. Gonzales looked up from an insurance policy to see him smile for the first time.
The Yankees had just 24 hits in the five games leading up to last night, hitting just .156; Cleveland's Bartolo Colon threw a one-hitter against them Monday, and Toronto's David Wells allowed just five hits Thursday.
When the third tanker did arrive, the Chinese sped in, stopped both ships at sea, and escorted them to Haikou harbor on the island of Hainan in southern China.
What is un-American is attributing someone's management approach to his national or racial origins.
I want to increase the population of the spring beauties in my woods, but Mr. Cullina warns that growing them from seed is difficult (which is like holding a red flag up to a bull: here goes).
How did you get started?
She is not just unpredictable -- the first word her oldest daughter, Karenna Gore Schiff, chooses to describe her -- but erratic: expansive one day and down the next.
Of the letter to the president, Ms. Schiffer said, ''We think it misses that what we are doing is really interpreting two complicated and interrelated statutes in a way that protects both the environment and jobs.''
For the most part, though, ''Boricua's Bond'' suffers from a fatal lack of modulation.
He described the ads as ''a desperate act by a desperate campaign.''
That's what's made this country great.
Rather than invade Kuwait again, Iraq has implied that it is willing to reduce or halt oil exports to apply pressure on the United Nations on the eve of a critical discussion about reparations Iraq must make to Kuwait, said Raad Alkadiri of the Petroleum Finance Company, a consulting group based in Washington.
It was built with chassis components from racing cars, including a 467-horsepower V-8.
''That was his opportunity to get back in the match, and it was my opportunity to kind of put the nail in the coffin,'' Agassi said.
Usually, it is the religious who are urging Israel to leave alone the status quo that governs the synagogue-state relationship.
''Jerusalem is a two-fold problem,'' Mr. Amirav said.
But the reality is that these blockbuster moneymaking gold-rush scenarios probably won't happen.
For viewers not thrilled at the prospect of becoming dot-commercial contributors, Julie Roehm, the Focus brand manager said, there will be more tangible incentives to participate: more than 500 prizes worth $100,000 offered in a ''co-branding partnership'' with Sony, including ''a Sony Limited Edition Focus.''
''We know there's a close correlation between domestic violence and child abuse,'' Nicholas Scoppetta, commissioner of the Administration for Children's Services, said in an interview.
Traders pulled in bets that the Fed was done raising rates in the current cycle after the central bank's report, which stated ''reports of wage increases were widespread and some firms indicated that higher labor costs were an increasing problem.''
Her tactic was to expose the intruder to the orderly faithful.
The cardinal liked baseball games and nature shows best, Mr. Zwilling said.
Morte D'Urban ($12.95), which won the National Book Award in 1963, is about a charismatic, go-getting Chicago priest who is banished by his superior to the Minnesota outback.
OVERALL SHAPE It started out looking more like a PalmPilot, with a little more contour to the bottom, like a shirt pocket.
The grooves create a tornado of hydrogen and air that heads toward the engine cylinder.
As you reach inside for that pint of cookie dough ice cream.
''Today is a new day,'' he kept saying with a smile, effectively declining to contribute to the analysis.
's latest assessment is still that the Armed Islamic Group, as an organization, is not coordinating attacks against the United States, although members of the group may be involved in carrying out attacks on their own.
GUAYAS, Ecuador: This bark is one of four sister ships built in Bilbao, Spain, by Astilleros y Talleres Celaya for the navies of Colombia, Venezuela, Mexico and Ecuador.
''I'm not a sir,'' she coolly told him.
But Time Warner's linking with America Online, may prompt Bell Atlantic and other, smaller companies to accelerate their own high-speed Internet agendas.
For Beethoven, said Simon Rattle, who conducted the Mauthausen performance, joy was always hard-won and thus aptly symbolic of this occasion.
''Bradley is better positioned than McCain in terms of money and people on the ground.
But officials said this case also underlined some of the difficulties they have had in prosecuting promissory-note schemes.
And they most certainly do not want African-American voters casting their ballots in any large numbers.
SATURN -- Spots for the Saturn division of General Motors were refreshingly and confidently candid as they sought to reclaim its image as a a scrappy, nontraditional automaker.
Much of Johnson's evidence about the Gestapo is statistical in nature -- he looked at around 1,100 cases from court and police files, following up with opinion surveys and personal interviews -- and more often than one would wish, his book reads like an academic monograph: ''Based on a random sample of one-eighth of all Krefeld Gestapo case files, table 4.3 charts the yearly percentage of Jewish cases from the beginning of the Third Reich in 1933 to its end in 1945.''
The only two things that can stop them are injuries or jealousy from other wide receivers when Johnson starts catching all those passes.
The vote in the House was 342 to 7, and in the Senate it was 67 to 1.
''They were slightly ahead because of higher pricing in North America and higher sales costs, but it was nothing to write home about,'' said Bill Pecoriello, a beverage analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein.
The Miami-Dade Canvassing Board thereafter suspended the manual recount and voted to use the election returns previously compiled.
He then attended New York City Law School for one year.
They have extended arms and appear to be seeking some metaphysical relationship with the water.
Places seem to remain fixed in the Hunan-Sichuan style, which was new more than 20 years ago but has now become a cliche.
To test the planes, he glides them down the cellar stairs.
But the agreement fell apart on Tuesday when Ms. Krueger's lawyers objected, citing state election law.
Mr. Valenti was referring to the 12-point plan that he and the studios announced on Sept. 26, before a second round of Senate Commerce Committee hearings into a Federal Trade Commission report that found instances of the studios' marketing R-rated films to those under 17.
Born Dorothea Schlesinger in Munich in 1902, she studied piano and was tutored by her father, a lawyer, author and violinist who had married the daughter of a wealthy banker.
''This scheme involves the grant of state aid directly and predominantly to the coffers of private, religious schools, and it is unquestioned that these institutions incorporate religious concepts, motives and themes into all facets of their educational planning,'' wrote Judge Clay, a 1997 Clinton appointee who was joined in the opinion by a 1991 Bush appointee, Judge Eugene E. Siler.
A QUARTET of giant bluish-green frog sculptures has taken up residence on the massive cement thread spools mounted on Willimantic's new bridge across the Willimantic River.
Those changes include an expansion of wireless services, which add more flexibility for the basic alarm system, the backbone of home automation.
''It's not as sterile as mansions can be,'' said Marcie Gorsline.
At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, traders said, the rate on the outstanding three-month bill was 6.03 percent and on the six-month issue, 6.02 percent.
Kina smiled at her road manager, Brett Goetsch, a rock-and-roll veteran with the immense layered blond hair of a heavy metal star of the 80's.
TIM HARDAWAY -- Health reasons aside, how can Pat Riley lose one of the game's premier clutch players?
Rather, he said, the judge may believe that it is a threat mainly to RealNetworks's interest in maintaining the exclusivity of its proprietary format, which would not be protected under the 1998 law.
Seth jumped in and sat in the bow seat.
But that is not how Peter Ramsauer and many other conservative members of Parliament see it.
He asks Holmes to meet in a place where each will ''feel comfortable.''
After graduating from high school in 1921, Mr. Hairston went to the Massachusetts Agricultural College to study landscape design.
We'll miss him, his leadership.''
But several judges said they nonetheless found the pickings to be slim.
For tourists, that was the good news.
Several Web sites served as gathering places for engineers and novices alike to post observations of computer-related problems in their corner of the world, or lack thereof.
And it is a rare woman willing to bathe the children and supervise homework while her husband drinks beer and shoots pool at the firehouse.
''We thought he had the potential to do it,'' Dombrowski said, ''but to say he'd put up the numbers he has would have been presumptuous on our part.
.3:34:45 3975 Gelmi, A, 41M .
Still, it is a fact not advertised by the sponsoring agency, the Jewish National Fund.
A. Manhattan's last dirt road is probably Broadway Alley, which runs from East 26th to East 27th Streets, between Third and Lexington Avenues.
In a study conducted by Dr. Stephen J. Ceci, a psychologist at the New York State College of Human Ecology at Cornell University, preschool children were asked weekly about whether a fictitious event had ever happened to them.
The law requires that these offenders be segregated from inmates in the state prison system, and as a result they were initially put in space leased by the state in the Hudson County Correction Center in Kearny.
The arrival of a new particle is exciting, important and easy to understand.
The Chicago Cubs' great shortstop never played in a postseason game.
Indeed, the New York area is rich with campuses that conduct telephone opinion polls, massage the numbers, draw conclusions, issue news releases and dispatch experts to newspapers as well as television and radio stations to explain what it all means.
It goes good with the gray and with the black.
Charles Bukowski, Amiri Baraka, William S. Burroughs, John Cage, Allen Ginsberg and Robert Creely, among others, appear in ''Poetry in Motion'' (1982, 90 minutes).
On Monday Court TV announced it would make a concession to its critics.
CHIP SHOTS Four players were tied at two under par -- JANE GEDDES, the first-round leader, who shot 74, MICHELE REDMAN, WENDY DOOLAN and TRACY HANSON.
As the 1970's began, almost no one in Washington realized just how precarious the nation's oil supply had become.
From its late-Yeatsian chorus at the beginning to its gentle apostrophe at the end, ''My Sisters'' is perfect.
Out on Seventh Avenue, an older woman approaches.
Imagine, he says, that you are a manager who needs an employee to work weekends.
Although the cheerful waitress was a trooper, pacing was off -- no mystery if the only waitress in the room is also tending the bar.
Clement, who turns 26 in a couple of weeks, would give the Yankees more depth in their staff and allow them to trade Ramiro Mendoza for another hitter, such as Cleveland's Richie Sexson.
The governor of South Carolina, Jim Hodges, is a Democrat and would surely appoint a Democrat if the seat became vacant.
Even the occasional man makes an appearance: ''A cool woman is a strong woman,'' offers Gen. Colin Powell.
I enjoyed the Pena Nano Parra, at Ernesto Pinta Lagarrigue 80.
Jones decided to pay, partly because of his desire to give Riboletta's trainer, Eduardo Inda, a trip to the Breeders' Cup.
If it was easygoing in its winter busy season, I imagined that in late June and early July (when I visited for five days) Grenada would be sound asleep.
Tomato and Feta Salad Total time: 20 minutes 2 pounds ripe tomatoes, cored and peeled 2 cucumbers, peeled 1/3 cup thinly sliced fresh fennel 1/2 pound feta cheese, in 3/4-inch chunks 1/3 cup extra-virgin olive oil Juice of 1 lemon 1/4 cup diced, pitted kalamata olives 1 tablespoon drained capers Generous pinch hot red pepper flakes Freshly ground black pepper 1/4 cup finely minced fresh basil.
Her thought makes a blurb on the back of the DVD box, but Mr. Fincher said that while he appreciated viewers taking another look on video, the film got its due in theaters.
But now the Casual Friday look has conquered even Midtown and Wall Street.
One of the most ambitious of the Gates-financed projects is the New York-based International AIDS Vaccine Initiative.
Interbrew, a family-owned company best known for its flagship Stella Artois lager, is awaiting the go-ahead from British antitrust regulators on the takeover of Bass, which gave Interbrew such venerable British brands as Bass Ale and Carling lager.
The results speak for themselves: wines made more in the Alsatian style than the German, meaning dry and beautifully scented, steely rather than luscious, and with more alcohol and less sugar than is typical in Germany.
If the league really wants to know what is going on inside the head of the two men, it should hire a mind reader.
The tortoise shell migrates from coastal and foothill regions of California into the higher Sierra, and by middle to late July new offspring emerge and head even higher up in the hills, above the tree line.
To fight that possibility, Mr. Blaine has been taking a variety of blood thinners; he is also fitted with a catheter and has fasted since his Thanksgiving dinner.
Thus, law-abiding citizens are right to ask: ''If the police won't use integral trigger locks because they endanger the lives of officers, why should we be forced to use them?
Its sister organization, Sustainable Long Island, extends that mission throughout Nassau and Suffolk.
But nowhere is Saint Laurent more excessive than in his talent.
Meanwhile, reporters just a few years Gordie's senior have trampolined from local police beats to overseas bureaus and are now giddily tracking the fall of the Berlin Wall and the collapse of the Soviet juggernaut.
But in asides in the hallways of the conference center they used the words ''hope'' and ''frustrated'' far more often than the word ''confident.''
A Coke spokesman said the company planned a print campaign for Dasani this year, emphasizing relaxation and gardening.
It is unclear how widespread the pollution-induced precipitation reduction and the cooling effects are, Dr. Toon said.
''I don't know if I would want to be that close to my parents,'' Hill said, breaking up a room.
And that raises an important social question: Now that we have the technology to make it easy for people to violate someone else's privacy, even for the best of reasons sometimes, do we as a society promote it, tolerate it or forbid it?''
Civil rights marches in 1983 and 1993 attracted as many people as the 1963 march, but they lacked either a clear and achievable demand or the threat of disruption.
By the magic of foreign exchange, the rights are now valued at about 1.2 billion Australian dollars.
Turning again, the road becomes a path and heads steeply up a hill.
Among its concerns, AOL says it wants to safeguard security for its users by, for example, ensuring ways they can block messages from senders they deem undesirable.
Houseplants suffer from the low intensity of winter light.
With Mr. McGinty, the keyboardist about town, as host since 1993, Losers Lounge pays homage to pop artists from Abba to the Zombies by siccing a mob of self-styled superstars from New York bands on their songbooks.
And on its northern border, the linchpin of that peace is not in Lebanon's small villages and rocky hills at all, but 40 miles away, in Damascus, Syria, the capital from which Israel assumes the Islamic guerrillas of Hezbollah can be controlled -- or set loose.
Jon Corzine is the one Senate candidate who supports guaranteeing quality, affordable health care for us all.
But the educational climate that produces these howlers was created by her friends and allies.''
Inspired by a trip into South American jungles, Mr. Rockman's Pop-realist paintings depict a Northerner's lurid fantasies of tropical adventure and danger.
It's an instance where you can literally see the filmmaker running out of money and the picture eventually compromised by budgetary shortfalls, though the director's control is evident throughout.
After his first escape, the police caught Anthony and his friends in a park smoking marijuana, he recalled.
He called the charges nonsense.
Specifically, it wants an interior by John Pawson, our leading maestro of light, shadow and void.
LITTON INDUSTRIES, Woodland Hills, Calif., third-largest shipbuilder supplying the United States Navy, said its shipbuilding division had signed an agreement to design at least two cruise ships for SeaAmerica Cruise Lines Inc., Hollywood, Fla. Financial terms were not disclosed.
''I have called for the reform of campaign finance practices that have sacrificed our principles to the demands of big-money special interests,'' Senator McCain said in Virginia Beach.
''It's easier to see in hindsight,'' said Mr.
So Mr. Desai went on.
''I'm assuming I'm coming back,'' he said.
The debate is decades old, but was recently reignited when John Rocker, a pitcher for the Atlanta Braves, made bigoted statements about blacks, homosexuals and foreigners last month in the pages of Sports Illustrated.
Craig Bierko, whose career so far has been in films like the time-travel cyber thriller ''The 13th Floor,'' takes on the Robert Preston role.
When it ended, she and some other women who had taken the class decided they were fed up with contractors who promise to do things but never show up, or who take their money but never really solve the problem.
Every night they ask me, ''How was your day?''
Castrol would get the rest.
''It's going to be the Canadian islands.
As the escalating Israeli-Palestinian violence seemed to move to the brink of war today, Israelis of all political persuasions appeared united in revulsion at the mob killing of their soldiers, but divided as ever about what should be done about it.
Discounting restaurant reservation clerks, the true popularity contest in which Mr. Leatherman shines tends to be around his elementary-school-age children.
''Why do I support Putin?''
Stevenson, a surprise semifinalist at Wimbledon last year, squandered two match points while serving at 5-3 in the second set before rain halted play Thursday night.
''I'm not going to speculate on what is going to happen,'' Renfro said.
Through complicated machinations, he has figured out ways to use money from the city's capital budget, which is intended for physical improvements, routine repairs and other operating expenses, thereby making up for cuts in the department's operations budget.
While Mr. Locke was gathering high approval ratings as governor, Ron Sims was learning the job that Mr. Locke had given up, touring the housing developments and strip malls of a fast-growing King County.
Mr. Romanov, 37, has never worked at Krystall and knows little of the vodka business.
Understandably, Mr. Brown begged off talking about the case.
He was hired in 1931 by a small station in Alexandria, Va., that was acquired by CBS the next year.
''We have to talk to the doctors first,'' Snider said.
As a result, the MetroStars got midfielder Kevin Anderson on loan from Tampa Bay as a guest player for the two games in Europe.
The group only recently began charging $5 for its concerts, which are held in the Garden Wing of the elegant Darien Community Association building.
Benjamin Singer, the owner, says that the shop, opened by his parents in 1920 at 36-35 Main Street, is the oldest business on the street.
The selection of Quayle did carry shock value.
Jonathan Harley, now the Olympic director of the United States Sailing Association, the sport's national governing body, had been Merrick's assistant.
Often, the answer was ''just because.''
Meanwhile, his mother is offering advice.
Some 120,000 paying readers downloaded the first installment of ''The Plant.''
Where oh where can the limbically lovelorn go to get revised?
Mr. Jones never lets you see the demons that once possessed Lucius, which makes the character less compelling than it should be.
''Bosie and Olive got on each other's nerves,'' Mr. Murray said.
He was clearly a good guy.''
Some real estate executives said this is a reflection of how Internet startups and related companies have rejected the high rents and perceived stuffiness of traditional business centers for places like the Flatiron District and Chelsea.
On Sunday they will see the grown-up world taking cues from theirs in EarthFair 2000, a festival in Lower Manhattan at which visitors will be able to ride pedicabs and electric scooters, squeeze fresh juice with a bicycle-powered machine and drag-race in a way that even the police will find acceptable: with model cars equipped with solar panels.
''Also the possibility of goons breaking into my home,'' he added.
Two 9-year-olds, Evan Meisler and Jamil Ward, were busy staking their cherry tomato plant.
Thirty-year bonds were 2/32 higher at 107 15/32, yielding 5.72 percent from 5.73 the previous day.
As the startled controller yelled ''stop!''
She gave the girl everything.
A10 Independent Counsel's Report Robert W. Ray, Kenneth W. Starr's successor, who has been investigating the Clintons, is expected to file his final report next week on the role Hillary Rodham Clinton played in the firing of seven employees in the White House travel office.
''If you understand how one ribosome works, you understand how all ribosomes in all cells work,'' Dr. Steitz said.
While independent ophthalmologists perform 4 in 10 of the procedures, eye surgery chains performed almost half of all laser eye surgeries in the latest tally.
Unlike a liquid crystal display, or L.C.D., Mr. Lepselter's invention is a plasma display -- albeit a miniature one that relies on a technology very different from the plasma displays already found in large flat-panel screens.
The Food and Drug Administration has approved the first drug to treat the most serious form of the disease that is the leading cause of blindness in elderly people.
''The reason I'm such a fortunate man is that I have people that love me and I love them.''
.4:15:29 13314 Morales, N, 55M .
Some baby boomers, as their children leave home, are leaving the suburbs, and many people in their 20's and 30's either cannot afford new homes in the suburbs or want to be closer to the big cities, where technology jobs are being created at a furious rate.
Cherished mother-in-law of June and Carole.
It is something Knoblauch has done regularly since he was in Little League, but he has made unreliable throws for about two years, a problem that exploded when he committed three errors in a 12-3 loss to the Chicago White Sox on Thursday night.
But in the summer of 1941, while Americans shuddered over news of a war that was soon to envelop them, the public was happily diverted by DiMaggio's record-setting hitting streak.
I did have a drug problem 20 years ago but it is ancient history and has been resolved.''
As millennium fervor ignited an interest in the past, Mr. Trout returned more and more to the microphone he never really abandoned, in a career that appears to have no retirement clause.
But Kym Spell, a spokeswoman for the Gore campaign, said, ''Maybe a $500 billion tax cut for average working families is too complicated for George W. Bush, but most Americans understand it.''
Just as the stores are stuffed with all the new fashions for fall, the fresh hot gadgets are beginning to roll out into the marketplace as well.
Miami lost 31 scholarships because of National Collegiate Athletic Association sanctions in 1995.
But it wasn't just Stephon, it was a lot of guys.''
Essentially, Unilever is playing catch-up with P.& G. and Danone S.A. of France, which both have higher profit margins.
Set in the region during World War I, the film is a glowing visual homage to rural small-town America in a storybook era just one click away from ''The Waltons.''
A woman running out of the alley sobbed and yelled that ''Barak should see this with his own two eyes!''
But local officials supporting the referendums said that extreme development pressure in the two towns had galvanized almost universal support for preserving what open spaces and environmentally sensitive areas remained.
But the volume of calls -- in the millions, according to a Verizon spokesman, John Bonomo -- was so great that it jammed phone lines, producing rapid busy signals for many callers.
You can't change what the situation is going to be.
C6 Metal Companies to Go Online Fourteen of the world's largest mining and metals companies said that they were creating a single procurement marketplace on the Internet, which could cut the industry's $200 billion-a-year supply bill.
Jane Tillman Irving, a news writer, agreed: ''Just the idea that the station will no longer be at Black Rock is a shock.
The performance was considered especially strong in light of the languishing price of gold.
.3:29:07 3109 Henriques, J, 33M .
The Sise Inn, 40 Court Street, telephone and fax (603) 433-1200, is a Queen Anne mansion with marvelous oak woodwork, a Victorian parlor, fireplaces in most rooms, private bathrooms -- and Jacuzzi baths in several suites.
So when Martin begins his rookie season at next week's Bob Hope Chrysler Classic, excuse him for being nervous, as well as excited.
During early production of the series, said Mr. Chernuchin, he got a curious note from a nervous TNT executive.
''I just loved it from the get-go,'' Mr. Hoffman said.
Mr. Spaziani, who calls himself ''a blue-collar writer for the guy who doesn't know a lot,'' is also a wine columnist for three Connecticut newspapers: The Journal Inquirer in Manchester, The Middletown Press and The Record-Journal in Meriden.
''The funds that are requested are precisely to respond to those very valid concerns.''
Rounding out the West Coast contingent are the film's director Walt Price (William H. Macy), a two-faced rageaholic who can turn on a dime from throwing a tantrum into obsequious groveling, and the producer Marty Rossen (David Paymer), who presides over this menagerie.
JANE HAGUE President, National Association of Counties Washington, Sept. 21, 2000
As the former colonial power, Britain acknowledges a moral obligation to help finance land redistribution in a country where some 4,500 white farmers own the bulk of the fertile land while hundreds of thousands of black peasants farm meager plots.
And here they were at Siggraph, with their own booth, their own line of products -- right in there with the big guys .
If you are Stern, whom would you rather market to America next month -- Bird, possibly in Los Angeles against his most celebrated playing opponent, or Jeff Van Gundy?
''The owners of the land are cooperating with them,'' he wrote in the fax, ''and they welcome them.''
Keep the cheese in the refrigerator.
Under existing quotas, about 800,000 immigrants enter the nation legally each year.
They say Democrats in Congress and Mr. Clinton, and by extension Vice President Al Gore, will come off as obstructionist, out of sync with the politics of prosperity and on the side of the Internal Revenue Service.
Dominion, which is based in Richmond, Va., had unsuccessfully sought to buy the New York Power Authority's two reactors, Indian Point 3 and Fitzpatrick, last year.
''We are collaborative partners with the producers,'' Mr. Moredock said.
Nor do they permit ''marriage tourism,'' where people not residents of the Netherlands travel there to wed.
But the campaign has been appealing to some Democrats by sending fliers and placing prerecorded telephone calls to Democrats and Republicans alike.
But like all but one of the 23 agencies running such shelters, Project Renewal opposes the city's plan to enforce the state regulations.
Services Sunday, December 24th at 12 noon, Temple Israel, 280 Old Mamaroneck Road, White Plains, New York.
Their attention that day was focused inward on their complex and troubled world, as it is on nearly every other day.
When Mrs. Foxman said yes, the friend looked at her, she recalls, ''as if to say, 'What kind of freak are you?'
Officials there declined to disclose the cause of her death, The Associated Press reported.
Each patient diligently followed one of two diets, each for six weeks, eating foods supplied by the Center for Human Nutrition at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas and keeping careful dietary records.
Working in batches, dip the oysters in the eggs, coat them with cornmeal and fry in the oil until golden brown, about 45 seconds.
Even inside the basilica the issue was raised this morning.
''We have spoken about reconciliation and we have spoken about nation-building, but we have never as a nation spoken about confronting our racist past and how we move forward and deal with racism,'' said Pansy Tlakula, a member of the Human Rights Commission, which is coordinating the conference.
Guest in a performance so low-key as to be near subsonic.
Like any sure-fire Hall of Famer, Clemens has flattering goals for himself, another 20 victories that would accelerate his pace to 300, from his current 247.
At daybreak on Aug. 18 on Congwong Bay in La Perouse, southeast of the city, the dawn call of the Eora people -- the Aboriginal tribe of the Sydney area -- begins a day of welcoming the world to the festival.
Mr. Corzine, who has said the United States should veto any anti-Israel resolutions, nonetheless said he supported the abstention, as did President Clinton, Mr. Gore and Mr. Bush.
Smaller towns were included, like Bayfield, Wis.; Salem, Ore.; and Glendale, Mass.
Rabbi David J. Gelfand Rabbi Alon Levkovitz Cantor Debra Stein Donald Zucker, President
Then there is the traffic problem, the fussy food problem, the political-correctness problem, the fit-or-fat problem, the feminist problem, the dumb-male-and-useless-husband problem and the help problem, both the lack-of-help and the help-usually-is-more-attractive-than-the-host problem.
''The coaches rib me more than my teammates,'' Young said.
Still, the market for new stocks was significantly stronger than the market for debt issued by corporations.
BREWERS 5, ASTROS 0 Octavio Dotel (1-2) combined with three relievers on a two-hitter, and Mitch Meluskey went 2-for-4 with a two-run homer and three RBIs.
Ms. Salerno, as the Rajah's daughter, looked fragile but exuded unexpected power.
But The Saturday Review's Hollis Alpert famously described it as ''a dirty fairy tale,'' and Ann Marsters of The Chicago American allegedly told Wilder in person that he had made a dirty film.
Comparing his increasingly populist pitch to that of Harry S. Truman, but leaving the ''give-'em-hell'' to his running mate, Vice President Al Gore renewed his attacks on drug companies and health maintenance organizations today and vowed to bring broader and fairer health coverage to all Americans.
When Duke and Kansas, two of the most successful programs in the modern game, met today in the East Regional, the action was fierce, no quarter given.
Sergei Fedorov scored 19 seconds into overtime to give the Detroit Red Wings a 2-1 victory over the Anaheim Mighty Ducks last night at Joe Louis Arena before an announced crowd of 19,995.
From its trading headquarters in London, De Beers also promised to cut ties with any of its 125 major trading partners that trafficked in stones originating in war zones.
''Even estimating the holiday season is a tenuous task,'' Mr. Cassar said.
In 1998 Senator Charles E. Schumer, a Democrat, handily defeated the Republican incumbent, Alfonse M. D'Amato, among village voters.
Turning to relations with the United States, with whom Canada conducts 86 percent of its foreign trade, Mr. Axworthy said he saw no need for the two nations to adopt a European-style customs union, a proposal that could mean adopting common immigration policies, common external tariffs and free movement of goods and people inside the two-nation zone.
The report by the Thomas Jefferson Memorial Foundation comes more than a year after a scientific study of DNA samples taken from known descendants of Jefferson and Hemings concluded that Jefferson was the father of her youngest son and was probably the father of her five other children as well.
UPSTAIRS AT ROSE'S TURN, 55 Grove Street, West Village, (212) 366-5438.
When it expands over a hillside and blooms in whatever color is chosen, little can compete with the display.
In May, Mr. Edwards was convicted of corrupting the state's licensing process for riverboat gambling.
The tunnel addition cost $645 million and runs for 1,500 feet between the 21st Street-Queensbridge station in Long Island City and the Queens Boulevard E and F lines west of the Queens Plaza station, said Al O'Leary, the vice president for public affairs at New York City Transit.
She also endured a lifetime of cheating from her husband; when he died in 1960, she sold the weekend home he loved and its contents within two days.
.3:55:13 8147 Dabney, L, 32F .
For instance, Mr. Velella has a strong bond with Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, having made himself consistently useful to the mayor, both by campaigning for him and by providing a conduit to the Senate's Republican leadership.
She is survived by her daughters Bonnie Strauss of NYC, Nancy Rackoff of Pittsburgh, PA, and her son Thomas Loeb of Weston, CT. She is also survived by six grandchildren.
McCARTHY-John T., MD, Editorin-Chief of ''Cutis'' (Quadrant HealthCom Inc.) a journal with the largest readership of any dermatologic journal worldwide, died yesterday.
Fortunately, my estimate came to a fraction of that.
It had to play and play.
These are not the pillaged burial grounds of the vanished European shtetl, but the resting place of Jews whose descendants, among the wealthiest in the country, live just a few miles away in places like South Orange, Short Hills and West Caldwell.
The Labor Ministry recently announced plans to establish 46 government employment centers across the country to provide job counseling, training and placement for defectors.
.3:41:49 5257 Huisman, A, 43M .
No matter what he did on the mound before, it was always the same look, whether he struck out a guy or a guy hit a home run off him.
And he's going to be a great secretary of defense, again.
''After you restock the rivers with 100 million salmon over the course of a century, how could they possibly argue that the river isn't full of hybrids?''
''The people who led the movement were very courageous,'' he said.
Brown in a blockbuster deal that sent Eddie Jones and Anthony Mason to Miami, Charlotte has become one of the most stable franchises in the chaotic Eastern Conference.
The United States Supreme Court can do its part to conclude this national drama on an authoritative note by allowing television coverage of the arguments before the court on Friday.
The case ''involved enormous sums of money, was extremely complicated and caused most serious harm,'' said He Yong, an official in the Communist Party's Central Commission for Discipline Inspection.
There were battalions of malis -- or gardeners -- planting frowsy-headed yellow dahlias along the route he will drive.
''The process has begun and it will be gradual and will depend on the price.''
Our members have been in Africa for decades too.
The signs of the coming winter siege are everywhere.
The place is called Jacko's Reach, the name apparently a corruption of Jago.
In New York, the euro settled at 93.23 cents, down from 94.14 cents on Wednesday.
''Magazines publicize the trade shows and vice versa, and both drive eyeballs to the Web sites,'' said Karl Choi, an analyst at Merrill Lynch.
And it said he characterized the vice president's concession address as ''an evil speech.''
Lieb Vineyard, as the grape-growing company will still be called, will sell to the bulk-wine market wine deemed unsuitable for Lieb Family Cellars products.
But for Woods, being in a pressure-packed situation felt right at home, another chance to show why he is the world's best player.
Their most robust roar was for the pitching coach Dave Wallace, who emerged from the dugout in the top of the seventh inning with the Mets trailing, 7-0.
May the family be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.
Sunday night from 8 to 12:30, skating at Wollman Rink, fireworks at midnight, raffle contests and samba and capoeira shows.
''This is more good news for the American people,'' President Clinton said.
And let me -- let me try to at least set up the thing, because I'm working hard on it now.
''On our best day, we are not nearly as good as the market on prices and competition.
Both The News and The Post would continue their current daily publication schedules.
Although he was a left-handed shooter, Richard was installed at right wing, meaning he would often have to go to his backhand.
Nationally and internationally acclaimed artist and teacher.
The only case that comes to life involved loyalty and devotion.
Reassuring, I guess, for us brown-thumbs.
The cost is $25, plus donations to some of the places you visit; (27-21) 424-8480.
For three years now, they say, they have been vexed by the buzzing and the biting.
The swimmers quickly became suspicious.
And ''Mexican women and girls, some as young as 14,'' were promised jobs in house-keeping or child care but, upon arrival, ''were told they must work as prostitutes in brothels serving migrant workers.''
The sum, which was no surprise, based on what had already been reported, is more than $6 million higher than the previous record for a Senate race, set by Michael Huffington, a Republican, in California in 1994.
Although an environmental investigation showed lead in the fill, it revealed no contamination in the adjacent river.
Feeling like the newly released criminal suspect that in fact I was, I sheepishly collect my carry-on from the belt and skulk on to my gate.
Begley's adroit novel of manners boldly renders Schmidt, his unlikable, rich, bigoted, defiant, aging protagonist (whom we have seen before in ''About Schmidt''), with the same humanizing fullness other authors save up for nice people.
The logo for ZZ Flex skateboards looks a lot like a swastika.
Mr. Rux, a writer and musician who is one of Fort Greene's brightest talents, and Ms. Wright, a dancer and choreographer who was once a leader of the troupe Urban Bush Women, are self-described night crawlers, full of stories about their adventures in the borough's seedier spots.
She is an Internet consultant now.
But for some, Canada's latest interest is reactive, and half-hearted.
This summer, hundreds of old men and women passed into a park in Seoul, South Korea, under a banner that, roughly translated, read, ''For the first time in 55 years we have brought action by human rights lawyers from the United States against the Japanese.''
Breakaway, which is based in Boston, has been a leader in the so-called application service provider market, which uses remote banks of computer servers to run applications for companies.
But Mr. Boulez's ascendancy at the Salzburg Festival is also due to the efforts of Gerard Mortier, its artistic director since 1992.
Karen Morrow, the director of Sleepy Hollow Nursery School, believes that children without problems can benefit from being exposed to those who are different: one large-framed, boisterous boy, for example, becomes noticeably gentler when he is interacting with a classmate with Down syndrome.
It is not certain yet that graduate students want a union.
But the village's plans raise an intriguing question.
Mr. Bush has long sought to make character a major issue in this campaign and to link Mr. Gore to the flaws of President Clinton.
Wrap the brisket in cellophane and then foil to keep the juices in.
But he traced the underlying problem to the stock market.
.4:15:57 13434 Lestel, C, 30F .
But he worked hard to remember everyone's name and managed to worm his way into the limelight.
Sitting in the Tigers' clubhouse, Brocail reaches into a dark corner of his locker and pulls out his protective cup, which is wrapped with white medical tape.
''She's her own person; she's in her own little world,'' forward Sue Wicks said.
How a murderer helped compile the O.E.D.
''But that's a coach's decision.
He died in 1987 at the age of 53, one year after the first show that covered the range of his work.
If the government finds that the poll closings violate the voting rights of blacks, the Republican Party -- whose Feb. 19 primary is critical to the presidential hopes of Gov.
Clouds of dark smoke rolled across the desert.
Pierpont responds to this chaotic, tortuous life with empathy and amazement.
After deliberating for days over whether to use it at all, ABC News announced yesterday that it would show some of an interview of President Clinton by the actor Leonardo DiCaprio in a special on the environment.
She was placed under house arrest the next year, but her party overwhelmingly won a parliamentary election in 1990, only to see the government set aside the results and remain in power.
Gasoline at the pump has fallen 7 to 12 cents a gallon in the Midwest the last week.
His pictures have a painterly quality; the loose brush strokes and the texture of the linen canvas are also well reproduced in ''Mary Anning and the Sea Dragon.''
The five stories in ''Quintet'' will be published every 21 days through February.
The residency at the McCarter Theater and its four resulting performances are the first stop on a nationwide tour called ''Past Forward.''
The intellectual schemes that were dry in the first pages now flower bloodily, as does Riotta's book, a tactics manual turned into a romance.
She leased a small warehouse near her home in Maspeth, Queens, stocked her car with samples from three toy manufacturers and set out to build her business.
Sincere condolences are extended to his family and friends.
Cuban's personal take was about $1.5 billion.
Wieden & Kennedy in Portland, Ore., won four for work for AltaVista, Nike and Stamps.com.
Brother of Georgia Russell of Dearborn, MI.
''They're too dangerous on the power play, and we don't want to put ourselves in that situation.''
''I don't know why people do it,'' she said.
''Somebody has to find places for the band members to stay, make sure the stages and sound systems are in place, rent a trolley that shuttles people around town for free, get volunteers to park the antique cars and a million other details,'' Dr. Dubel said.
Mr. Leavey said that 35 senior executives had left in the last 18 months alone.
-- Mr. Adubato has calmed down.
Its most obvious target is the predominantly white-run television industry.
The International Data report is unusual because most independent companies working in the software field have been reluctant to weigh in on this issue for fear of antagonizing Microsoft and its allies.
After two decades of marriage, her parents were separating, and she transferred from Syosset High School to Christ the King so she could face better competition.
He will join DARRELL WALTRIP, who is retiring from driving.
CLARENS-John G. On August 20.
Deborah Sontag (NYT) IRAQ: DAY 4 OF BOMBING -- American and British jets bombed air defenses for a fourth day running after coming under fire over a no-flight zone in the north, the European Central Command said.
In some African countries, when you order a robe, the tailor leaves a part undone so the buyer can finish it, make it his own.''
In a country where each province trades more with the United States than with the rest of Canada, the trail redirects the Canadians' gaze from south to east, to west, and even to north.
Most likely, Hamilton will rest for 15 days, try orthotics in his shoes and continue receiving cortisone shots, with the hope that the condition improves with warmer weather.
Premier Cruises Big Red Boat I Capacity 1,116 passengers; 38,722 tons, two outdoor pools (one with retractable dome), spa, fitness center, casino, Continental cuisine, choice of restaurants; entered service as the Oceanic in 1965, refurbished in 1999.
She likened her role to that of Mariano Rivera of the Yankees.
If I didn't have it, who knows what I would buy?
If an anniversary offers a convenient way by which a person can measure life's progress, then June 24 was a remarkable date for the Rev.
But Mr. Peck said in June that the Carlyle would not sell for less than the Four Seasons Hotel, on East 57th Street and Madison Avenue, which in 1999 was sold to Ty Warner, the inventor of Beanie Babies, for $275 million (about $750,000 per room).
It's nonetheless worth noting that, in an age of widespread movie star narcissism, when sullen vanity often stands in for seriousness and lazy cynicism for wit, Mr. Chan recalls the icons of an earlier time, the improbably graceful, virtuosically silly clowns of the silent era: Charlie Chaplin, Buster Keaton, Harold Lloyd, who are his deepest source of inspiration.
PRODUCER -- Callahan Creative ON THE SCREEN -- This visually simple advertisement features Marie Kaplan, a Long Island woman who became an advocate for breast cancer research after the disease was diagnosed nine years ago.
Greenhouse gas emissions come mostly from burning fossil fuels for factories, power plants and cars.
SMALLER museums, too, are going after youngsters.
Adapting an inflatable dome first used at the Atlanta Olympics and never before tried as a rock 'n' roll hall, they have created a concert-in-the-round arena that has 2,500 seats and room for 1,000 standees.
But skeptics of the deal, like Senator Wyden, Senator Barbara Boxer, Democrat of California, and a group of consumer organizations in Alaska and California, say the divestiture still leaves BP Amoco with too much control over North Slope crude, and would inevitably result in still higher prices on the West Coast.
An airline pilot's widow, Mary Ann takes a swim every day and communes with his spirit in the soothing blue coastal water.
(To protect visitors and exhibits, Mr. Julien bolted chain-link fencing to the rock ceiling and designed waterproof displays in copper and spruce.)
Loving sister of Lynn Voeffray and Claudia Catania.
After leaving the Catskills to perform with three different companies of the Off Broadway country musical ''Pump Boys and Dinettes,'' Ms. Fradon teamed up with the singer Leslie Ritter to create ''Amy and Leslie.''
Midway through dinner he announces that yours is the best movie of the year.
Mr. Walesa is among a dozen contenders in presidential elections who, under a new law, must file statements disclosing whether they collaborated with the Communist-era police.
It was no longer 45-30.
When I talk to my people, I always talk about culture.
Meredith Alicia Davis, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Warren Bagley Davis of Larchmont, N.Y., was married there yesterday to Nicholas Andrew Brawer, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Robert Allen Brawer of New York.
The other is a raucous rock 'n' roller whose coarse vibrato spreads out (like Ronnie Spector's) into the vocal equivalent of a car zigzagging down the highway at 100 miles an hour.
Both starters were chased early.
But New Yorkers also use the subway for another purpose that goes woefully underappreciated: as reading room.
While the motor is running, drizzle in the oil until fully incorporated.
George W. Bush's position on abortion.
''This year we were punished by the weak euro, high interest rates and low agricultural commodity prices,'' Economy Minister Jose Luis Machinea told reporters today, ''and those factors are now changing for the better.''
Since its 1964 founding, the Group of 77 has grown to include 133 developing nations, representing around 80 percent of the world's population.
He hand picks most of the music himself, and his interest in music is so keen that he should be running a record label or a radio station.
MARTiNEZ HOPES TO START: The Boston Red Sox are in a playoff race that is as tight as Pedro Martinez's shoulder.
The acceptance of the Queen's Gambit with 2 .
A spokesman for Mrs. Clinton, who had no public events yesterday, said it was she who initiated the proposal and criticized Mr. Lazio for helping his party raise soft money for Congressional candidates.
Those who had ponied up got a kiddie carnival, Elmo from Sesame Street, a fireworks display by the Grucci brothers and a bulging DKNY goody bag.
If there was a Pulitzer Prize for great contributions to irony in literature, ''Pygmalion'' would win.
They provide protection from copying along with elaborate software and services to store and transmit digital books, in exchange for a cut of book sales revenue.
Of all the titles of the Roman pontiff, he is said to prefer the simple servus servorum Dei -- servant of the servants of God.
The kings now are Jacksonville and Tennessee.
According to the complaint, the federation feared that its rival, Ted Turner's World Championship Wrestling, would muscle the W.W.F.
Swift portrays herself as the most harried of working mothers, who needed her staff to run errands like picking up the dry cleaning in order to ''hold it all together'' and whose child had to be brought to the office in order to have time for bonding.
Webb, an undefeated runner from South Lakes High School in Reston, Va., is headed for the University of Michigan.
But Home Affairs Minister Dumiso Dabengwa said they had gone beyond the peaceful protests they had promised.
Every time I come back I get this jolt.
The stake was acquired from the Reynolds Metals Company and SGF Mineral Inc. SGF Mineral, a Canadian investment company, will get the remaining 40 percent of Reycan.
With unemployment at a 30-year low, bosses realize that they have to do more than pay good salaries and lavish perks on their employees if they want to keep them.
Dancers looking like big beetles scrambled across the floor.
Democracy, Justice and Human Rights Streets are in a tough neighborhood.
The projection booth will become a private dining room and, like the rest of the 300-seat enterprise, it will offer a culinary tour of Hong Kong, Japan, Korea and Thailand.
Before coming to Columbia, Dr. Levy served as Vice President for Health Sciences, Professor of Medicine and Dean of the School of Medicine at Tufts University.
Also through Wednesday, ''Thomas the Tank Engine,'' an oversize model of the fictional engine.
''It is not overstating it to say that Lee helped change the way young people regarded silent films,'' said Jeff Weiler, a 41-year-old organist in Wichita who was one of Mr. Erwin's few students.
The four defendants on trial in New York have not been accused of any role in that act.
''When your census form comes, fill it out and mail it in,'' says the governor of Georgia, Roy E. Barnes, in a new statewide television advertisement.
Neither Hingis nor her mother, MELANIE MOLITOR, would comment about the arrest.
The new software -- which Microsoft hopes to use in commercial products within the year -- would act as a combination secretary and traffic cop to hold back the torrents of electronic and voice mail, appointment requests and Internet information that increasingly threaten to overwhelm today's office workers.
Look at somewhere like Namibia, which now has 44 percent women in the local government system.
.4:50:30 21129 Glencross, A, 22F .
Lulu Wang is the founder of Tupelo Capital Management, a name chosen tongue-in-cheek with reference to one of Wellesley's more girlish traditions.
''It's rather ironic that there are more black players in the National Hockey League than in pro golf,'' he said.
With volume down 9 percent this year, in part because the federal government is selling fewer Treasury bonds, the Board of Trade has now fallen into second place among derivatives exchanges in Chicago, behind the Chicago Board Options Exchange.
At least some of the anger stirred by the death has come from the perception that Mr. Dorismond was approached because he was black.
Reid, a 35-year-old forward, scored two goals and had eight assists in the playoffs last year and played a key role in Dallas's series victory over Colorado.
Many concede, however, that their fear that the law would result in the wholesale dismantling of museum collections has proved unfounded.
By Thanksgiving, USWeb, which is now known as MarchFirst, and Oracle had also quit the project over unpaid bills.
Reposing at Flower Funeral Home, 714 Yonkers Av, Yonkers, NY, Tuesday, 01/25, 5-9pm.
Let them go and bury.''
Patrick Healy, NFO's chief financial officer, said the company had rejected the unsolicited bid of $27.50 a share because some terms were not acceptable.
At the Vatican last month, Yasir Arafat, the Palestinian leader, urged that the pope extend his visit to Palestinian-ruled areas to include Jericho and its adjacent baptismal site.
What he had to say is obscure; it centers on the idea that humans should practice silence, stillness and contemplation to discover the secret spiritual forces within themselves.
It was not clear whether any of the scientific instruments had been damaged.
By law, public corporations hire outside auditors each year to examine their financial statements.
Secrets need to mature some to be truly effective -- a point too often missed in today's climate -- but secrets known of long before they are divulged are especially susceptible to anticlimax.
Some of the new facilities are free-standing; others are like the Sony Imax in Manhattan, tucked into a multiplex.
David Champion, the director of auto testing at Consumers Union, the nonprofit group that publishes Consumer Reports magazine and has long complained about the limited payloads of sport utilities, said that overloading could be a safety issue because of the rollover problem.
But Vivaldi's hackneyed ''Four Seasons'' took on new life from the sportive competition among the fiddlers, each soloing in turn as the other three formed the second violin section.
online edition run $550 for individuals and $795 for institutions.
In recreating what they believed happened, officials were relying in part on the account of one witness, a woman who said she saw part of the chase, and on the skid marks left by the officer's car.
''When my father was sick, I was determined to take pictures of him.
A finalist here in 1998, Martinez put her increasingly unusual heavy topspin forehand to fine and frequent use today to defeat Yelena Likhovtseva, 6-3, 4-6, 9-7.
Rabbi Geoffrey J. Colvin, Ch.
If it does join, the rules would not apply to earlier imports.
; and the Fort Lauderdale, Fla., office of Saatchi & Saatchi, owned by the Publicis GroupeS.A.
His 15-foot shot at 17:33 skidded into the net.
Maybe they were just bored.
Having estimated that there are several hundred retired, homeless seamen in New York City, they figured to fill the rooms quickly.
Adlai E. Stevenson High School in the Bronx has folded its team, and the Manhattan Center for Science and Mathematics and Flushing High School in Queens missed two games each and are perilously close to going down the drain as well, Mr. Arbuse said.
And the Jets had held in reserve a back-breaking play they first began practicing during their bye week, a fake field goal in which linebacker Mo Lewis lines up in the backfield and takes a pitch from the holder Tom Tupa.
The agency's rather dry name notwithstanding, its workers here in Amazonas State are not deskbound bureaucrats, but modern-day ''bandei rantes,'' descendants of the 16th-century pioneers who braved Brazil's vast and unexplored interior.
But the Cartier Foundation also invited the Moroccan-born artist Titouan Lamazou to travel to Timbuktu in Mali with 72 of Mr. Depardon's images and to paint his own observations on the photographs.
Just as young people might visit a mall to hang out with friends, linger in a food pavilion and maybe buy a T-shirt, e-commerce specialists say that online clothing purchases by teenagers are driven by similar desires to connect with, and become part of, an identifiable community.
Under ideal circumstances, Mr. Selsberg said, such problems can be resolved with little more than a neighborly chat.
''All the top girls, they don't practice with other girls.
(+) Rankings reflect sales, for the week ending March 25, at almost 4,000 bookstores plus wholesalers serving 60,000 other retailers, statistically weighted to represent all such outlets.
''Thomas Jefferson,'' from April 24 to Oct. 31, pays tribute to the third president, a prime force in the founding of the Library of Congress.
The paradox is that life-enhancing ornament is also evidence of a global plenty still far removed from most of South Africa's black citizens.
In Shepherdstown, W. Va., on Jan. 9 night, Mr. Clinton's dinner with Israel's prime minister, Ehud Barak, and Syria's foreign minister, Farouk al-Shara, went on so long that one American diplomat feared the participants would doze off.
One of the guards, Capt.
Energis, a major Internet communications company in Britain, said it would buy 75 percent of Ision Internet of Germany for 812 million euros ($725 million), mainly in stock, to expand into the business of operating Web sites for corporate clients.
Died January 21, 2000 at St. Vincent's Hospital.
Funeral services will be held Wednesday, March 8 at 1 PM at Garlick-Hellman Funeral Home, 1091 Yonkers Avenue, Yonkers, N.Y.
Support for affirmative action was strongest in households earning more than $50,000 a year.
He is paying for a similar program at the Kirov.
Over five years, the Health Security for All Americans Act would provide all Americans with access to the comprehensive coverage now enjoyed by members of Congress.
Mr. Clinton answered yes to both questions.
But now Mr. Harris, 50, spends time educating African-American men about their higher-than-average risk of prostate cancer.
The Bush campaign, sensing that Mr. Gore could be newly vulnerable in Illinois, announced today that it would begin running commercials there.
Racial and ethnic tensions were often minimized or ignored.
It was the biggest career victory for Ford, Dube and Martin Scharf, the owner.
Part of those funds are coming from Europe and international agencies.
1 2 3 Connecticut 1.
On his one day of campaigning with Mr. Bush last Friday, Mr. Cheney shook hands fast along the receiving line waiting to greet the Bush plane.
But he added that the Upper West Side ''would object to the Second Coming if it didn't go through the community board.''
Its shares fell $2.5625 today, to $33.6875.
Mother of Mary-Anne, Susanna, Charles and Colette.
(It was 95 cents in early July.)
In my room was a printed notice asking guests to be considerate, waterwise, since the country was in its third year of a drought.
This emergency would have to be multiplied by some incredible new chain reaction even to be noticeable without sophisticated measuring apparatus.
Against daunting odds, they've got a shot at some level of success.''
The curators stress the Victorian-era's ornateness of this boat.
TERRY O'NEILL Albany, Oct. 9, 2000 The writer was an adviser to Gov.
''It seemed such a waste of human potential.''
''This is clearly a boat technology the Egyptians would have used in daily life.
Scholastic, the book's American publisher, initially printed 3.8 million copies of the book.
Although sexual politics permeate the magazine, other politics are absent.
.5:02:01 23192 Girardy, M, 41F .
Representative Bob Barr is also considering a run for the seat, but the rest of the state's Republican Congressional delegation has withdrawn from consideration.
Great sons-in-law Josh and John & great daughter-in-law Deborah.
Scott Brosius beat out an infield hit to open the third and was immediately picked off, falling awkwardly.
''Dad,'' she answered, ''it doesn't mean a thing if you don't have a BMW.''
''I think we're still fulfilling our mission,'' he said, and there are other needs: concentration on the Internet and covering cost of living increases from the existing budget.
But in the world of ''The Designated Mourner,'' their beleaguered status emphasizes the closed-seeming nature of their club, and in their threatened circumstances Howard and Judy are hard-pressed to exhibit the kind of vividness that makes Jack such an inviting personage.
Of course, in turning out 18 novels, a dozen assemblages of short stories and a rough half-dozen each of light verse and nonfiction collections, sometimes he is less than he is.
My movie just didn't happen to be about them.
Dr. Parer says he tells women to take one vitamin B6 pill in the morning and two at night and to take a half pill of the antihistamine Unisom twice a day.
The stock closed at $9.31, down $20.69.
Even with today's higher driving speeds, car travel in America is safer than ever.
A big part of that price pressure comes from new computers' learning to do a modem's work without needing modem chip sets.
On the last night at Camp David, Mr. Clinton presented Mr. Arafat with a yes-or-no vote on options that could have led to an agreement.
About 8 percent of Nassau County's 286.8 square miles is vacant land.
Also dead are Costa Pappas and Ray Navarro, members of DIVA, which made ''Target City Hall,'' a videotape of an Act Up demonstration at City Hall, and Kiki Mason, who wrote the text for ''By Any Means Necessary,'' an angry tirade against those standing in the way of a cure for AIDS.
And unlike previous days, he wasn't smiling much.
I was a Florida voter (I think).
Although billed as a necessary step to protect the institution of marriage and ''traditional'' families, it is in fact a divisive exercise in wedge politics.
But Teamster leaders, who have not endorsed a candidate, said they had not decided whom to support.
Need someone to play a wife and mother nobly dying of cancer -- and give a performance that stands out from all the terminally ill screen heroines of the past?
These discussions invariably degenerated into analyses of which side needed the bridge more desperately to escape its own inadequacies, all of which fed stereotypes going back nearly as far as the ice age, which originally separated the two countries.
The area most in flux, however, involves the Liberal and Conservative Parties.
The most striking gift of all would have been a field filled with enormous iron staves.
It takes wisdom to make a complex one.
''The medical community is a very conservative community,'' he said, ''and it takes a while to convince people.''
''It's so dominant, I could just sit back and coast.
Mowat has interlarded his historical disquisitions with italicized sections in which he fills the gaps in the known historical record with fictional vignettes that, he believes, ''come as close to the realities as one can reasonably expect.''
itself that something is seriously wrong with men's college basketball.
You identify with another life; you step back and judge a story; you laugh yourself into a state of cheerful heartlessness.
Ski Butternut in Great Barrington, Mass., has 110 skiable acres with 22 trails, most of them rated for intermediates, which suits a mountain that has been family operated for 37 years.
Most of the additional money would fall into the non-Social Security category, and therefore, be available for tax cuts or new spending.
It was there that Ms. Cage formed a close professional relationship with Morton Baum, who as chairman of the City Center's finance committee in 1948 extended a crucial invitation to the ballet company to become a resident of the theater.
He sold our land of liberty.
A recent heating oil insurance advertisement promised to cap prices at $1.39 a gallon for a one-time premium of $145.
Once again, the electricity was out.
And his tennis life did not end after he turned pro in late 1938.
.4:49:42 20979 Cossin, J, 56M .
People can call (203) 845-0010 to get the telephone number of their local chapter.
Basic will be compensated for its work with $;JWT, and Thompson USA will share in revenue from projects that reach fruition; terms of those aspects of the agreement were not disclosed.
For years, Mr. Chen and his Democratic Progressive Party called for independence from the mainland, which considers Taiwan a wayward region that must return to the motherland.
The couple won more than $580,000 in the case, which they let Mr. Buckley invest and control.
Speaking from Cleveland, Cornrich said that the letter detailed his position on Belichick's contract with the Jets and included ''further relevant information.''
Rates at the 417-room Wyndham Chicago Hotel, a sleek 17-story skyscraper a block east of the Magnificent Mile, (312) 573-0300, start at around $250 for a double.
Federal officials, eager to draw a contrast with 1968, when President Gustavo Diaz Ordaz dispatched army tanks to the campus, stressed that the final order for the police operation was not given by President Zedillo.
All the details stand out -- it's a weirdly charged environment -- a peculiar zone between an anonymous urban environment and the old-fashioned rural environment.
Both sides traded accusations yesterday as they strove to explain how a partnership that was formed to bring the efficiency of managed care to the country's largest jail-care system foundered amid inmate deaths and a protracted investigation by the Manhattan district attorney.
Since taking office, Mr. Chen has sought to differentiate his position as national leader from that of his party and, in a gesture of friendship toward China, has offered to discuss closer economic ties.
The margin of victory appeared to be slightly larger than in 1996, when Mr. Spano faced his first challenge from Mr. Abinanti.
In the tie breaker, they had set point twice more but couldn't convert.
Panels on psychoanalysis by e-mail and videophone, on corporate consulting and on marketing and media training, things that other mental health professionals have been doing for years, are just a few signs that this most reserved of professions is reinventing itself.
Besides her son, of Arlington, Va., she is survived by a granddaughter.
Still, the company, which has a sinking stock price (shares were trading at less than $1.50 yesterday afternoon after hovering around $70 last year) and a legion of investors and analysts watching its every move, decided to ramp up its order-filling operations.
Our only foray off road came when we took a drive onto Cape Kiwanda Beach near here.
The lessons began with basic facts about alcohol and its effects on the body, and then progressed to how alcohol affects a person's behavior.
The system that ordered them to die has given them a chance to live.
It's a rare time in your life where you have a break from employment, an opportunity to turn the calendar over and grab the moment, seize the day and carpe diem your way to a better you.
Among the new initiatives is Mr. Gulotta's 4 percent increase in property taxes that would generate $20 million in new revenue a year.
B3 OBITUARIES B7 EDUCATION B8 City Blames Albany for Shortage Schools Chancellor Harold O.
Mona Lisa's smile comes and goes, she says, because of how the human visual system is designed, not because the expression is ambiguous.
.5:16:24 24953 Lambert, M, 28F .
When he lived in Boston in the mid-1990's, he became so successful at defrauding banks that he decided to leave the country and go to Canada so that he would not be caught.
Janina Voda Village, Kosovo Polje -- 1945 hrs.
But to a great extent the real tension in Heade's work is spatial.
Return the fusilli to the pot with the asparagus and fava beans.
''I'm not going to step on the ice and score 5, 6 points my first game,'' said Lemieux, who is also a part owner of the Penguins, about his plans to play next Wednesday against Toronto.
While the flowers are not as fragrant as plantaginea's, their bloom period is one or two weeks longer.
Mr. Reyes and Mr. Waldman point to its emphasis on smoothness and sincerity -- and, one might add, syncopation.
Valspar said some of Lilly's 39 plants might be closed.
''We were look for something that was going to help the community,'' Father Vetrano said.
An afternoon of demonstrations and displays by six quilt guilds from the New York area will take place on Saturday from noon to 4 p.m. At 11 a.m., Lee Kogan, the director of the Folk Art Institute at the museum, will offer a gallery tour to highlight quilts in the exhibition of folk art donated to the museum by Cyril I. Nelson.
''There's little confidence in sustained rallies in techs and Nasdaq until investors and fund managers are convinced all the adverse news is discounted.''
On Monday, Judge Jackson took the unusual path of rebuking the appeals court, casting aside its reasoning as ''not formally binding'' and rebuking it for failing to follow the Supreme Court precedents ''in at least three respects.''
Still at large is the cell's reputed leader, Francisco Rementeria, who eluded the police after the plot to attack the convoy was foiled, officials said.
From $10,495 to $35,595, including air fare and hotel stay and, on Dec. 1 and Dec. 19 voyages, shore excursions.
RALPH KESSLER Berkeley, Calif., Sept. 6, 2000
Only two swimmers qualify for the Olympics in each event.
On the Upper West Side, for instance, safety issues emerged over putting a dog run in Riverside Park where pets and their owners would have to cross a running track, creating the possibility of collisions with joggers.
Her mother is a senior managing director for residential sales at Ashforth Warburg Associates, a real estate brokerage company in New York.
Most economists believe that the trade boom of the last decade -- more exports, cheaper imports and the reallocation of jobs to more productive parts of the economy -- forms a central pillar of the 1990's expansion.
He still hopes to start playing around the break for the All-Star Game.
''The Booklover's Repair Kit: First Aid for Home Libraries'' (Alfred A. Knopf, $125) looks like a giant hardcover book but contains acid-free adhesive, red cotton library tape, a bamboo brush and other items that at first seem puzzling (white gloves?).
''They put their foot on our throats.''
But more help is required.
Until last month discussions on U.N. support for Cambodian trials had made little progress since the surrender in 1999 of the last fugitive Khmer Rouge leaders.
''It's time we get back to focusing our energies away from this dispute and toward making US Airways the carrier of choice.''
Under this assumption, a company courted by AT&T Wireless would be more inclined to accept voting stock, instead of nonvoting tracking shares, as a currency in the transaction.
The structures were built from pallets, construction tarp, plywood and tabletops.
(Friends, when you get right down to it, does not all boldness contain an element of danger?
The grasping at Mr. Bush's remarks on Social Security came on a day when Mr. Gore campaigned for 17 hours across three states, including his home turf of Tennessee, where polls show the election is too close to call.
The audience at a preview of the play at the Royale Theater on Sunday was also sprinkled with physicists and Manhattan Project veterans.
The man was definitely middle-aged, and the woman's long, thick blond hair suggested youth.
It's not a dramatic reduction.''
Is ''Play'' a white guy's brazen bid for ''soul'' by proxy?
Australia, however, was not ready to offer a similar remedy.
''If she had said a Calvin professor, I would have been listening.''
Luis Sojo, one of his teammates, remarked in March how tough Knoblauch must be to withstand the pressures of his problem.
Roxanne Donovan and the Great Ink Communications Team GORDON-Edward S. Ruth and Louis Brause and children mourn with great sadness the passing of Edward Gordon, our dear and devoted friend.
The Justice Department's antitrust division is looking into whether Sotheby's and its rival auction house, Christie's, conspired in 1992 and 1995 to fix commissions charged to buyers and sellers and engaged in other collusion.
Her daughter, Virginia, is 6 and will start first grade in the fall.
''It seemed to be yet another indication of the U.S. being unwilling to invest the political capital to ensure that a sustainable peace could be arrived at by incorporating the broader issues of human rights,'' said Janet Fleischman of Human Rights Watch.
But they did not exactly close the door to the idea, either.
But with weaknesses on the vault and on the balance beam, Bela Karolyi's troops could have difficulty trying to defend their title.
The contents include what to see on campus (the Yale University Art Gallery, for example) and off (the Grove Street Cemetery).
He just looked at me and said: 'Women can't do that.'
Jake, eager to keep his options open, replied that he wanted none.
''But that's just New York.''
One script reference, however, is dead on: a visitor from another planet asks when Yale's next Black Panther rally is going to happen; he wants to be there.
''When athletes are injured, they see a radiologist for X-rays, ultrasound, CAT scans or M.R.I.
Other outreach groups have made educational videotapes that show Chinese- and Korean-Americans in dramatized situations dealing with H.I.V.
The Russians intercepted rebel radio communications indicating that rebels were lying in wait for the convoy.
An insurance claims specialist, he is psyched up for next year's prize, a golfing adventure in the Caribbean.
And Mr. Fujimori, who along with his daughter declined to respond to numerous requests for a telephone interview for this article, finally quit out of sheer exhaustion and fear that he too could be prosecuted -- or find himself in physical danger -- if he returned to Peru, aides said.
The troupe, which spurred scores of imitators, advertised its ''delineations of the sports and pastimes of the Southern slave race of America,'' which its players would ''illustrate through the medium of songs, refrains, lectures and dances, accompanying themselves on instruments of a peculiar nature.''
For the first time, any member nation will be able to invoke a rule stipulating that no decision can be taken by a coalition representing less than 62 percent of the population.
In addition to catching that evening's supper, I wanted half a dozen or more fish to put in my smoker, a once-sacrosanct ritual for me with the first bluefish of the season.
''This sounds like a very good idea for people other than me,'' wrote a participant in the discussion.
We all felt it was in Mike's best interest to get into camp.
Mora, at 65 the National Football League's oldest active coach, remained the only coach in league history with at least 100 regular-season victories but none in the postseason.
The actions of armed Albanian militants close to the Kosovo Liberation Army are also contributing to the Mitrovica conflict.
With the first batch of applications now in, half are from religious organizations, including fundamentalist churches active in conservative Republican politics.
High points include a bizarre earlier version of the song we all know as ''Blue Moon'' and ''10 Cents a Dance'' done as an intimate interior monologue full of subtle mood swings.
Waltrip's previous best start this season was seventh in May at California Speedway.
The panel recommended that the F.D.A.
Last year, he was the host of the re-election gala for Miami Beach's mayor, Neisen Kasdin.
(The postmaster here, Lon Nadler, said he had already gotten two letters with Half.com in the address, and he seemed unfazed: ''The correct zip code's the main thing,'' he said.)
The Lakers, whose 32-7 record is the league's best, have lost just 3 of 27 games since Nov. 21.
Her mother was very adept, though, telling her that the rink is about 150 feet by 75 feet and that there were about 100 people on the ice.
But the remote interior has remained untouched and largely inaccessible.
Belkis, the town that once stood below the Zeugma site, has already disappeared under the new lake.
The competing plans have tended to obscure the fact that it's Mr. Schwenk, whose family worked the farm for decades, who has the final say.
''The whole Carlyle is becoming a piano heaven,'' Mr. Duchin said yesterday.
Hitting precise and powerful drives that gave him great angles into the greens, Els took the lead with the cool and calculating style that has made him a two-time United States Open champion (1994 and 1997).
Perhaps the most obsessive is Jenny Feder, whose small house-shaped sculptural constructions recall Joseph Cornell's boxes in their introspective union of experience, recollection and imagination.
We should do this, ironically, not because it will be good for America -- though it will be -- but because it will be good for us.''
Well, maybe he is -- the big source book is hardly consistent.
But how does the play connect to the city?
''We restore old pieces that are irreplaceable, that have been passed down in a family or that are already 25 or 30 years old,'' she said.
But Mr. Miller and Legg Mason have made a huge bet on Gateway.
Although the overall design echoes a nearby six-story structure at 241 Water Street, residents oppose the hotel's imposing height.
But financial problems with his partners at the time coincided with an offer from Fox to move back to the United States in 1994 and set up a new animation studio.
When four men go on trial in 12 days in New York on charges they conspired with Osama bin Laden in the deadly bombings of two United States Embassies in East Africa in 1998, one of the government's central witnesses could be a former American Army sergeant who pleaded guilty in October to assisting in the terrorist conspiracy.
In Charleroi, the small Belgian town that is the scene for the game next Saturday that law enforcement people fear most -- England vs. Germany -- the garage of a 19th-century gendarmerie near the stadium has been converted into a detention center with steel bars and cellblocks capable of holding a total of 1,000 people.
groups recently collaborated in growing a small, partially functioning liver that was able to produce albumen, one of many proteins that contain essential building blocks of the body.
The 33-year-old Ramos was also tapped for his vast experience playing in tough conditions abroad.
Mr. Clinton said the money would be granted over three years to 122 teachers' colleges and other institutions around the country.
Mr. Bush shot back, ''That's cute, but .
''That was the turning point,'' Dr. Ammerman said.
South Africa, with the backing of dozens of nations, won approval in the United Nations General Assembly for an international certification system for diamonds that will help buyers of rough stones try to sort out the gems from legitimate mining operations and reject ''conflict diamonds'' -- those smuggled to raise money for rebel armies.
It was a curious dish in its blending of land and sea, but utterly addictive, and so simple in its execution.
But each tune had its own itinerary: into reverberating surf guitar or the bent and speedy blues phrases of rockabilly or the polytonal implications of modern jazz.
For over 40 years, he was a senior executive at United Continental Corporation, managing the affairs of the Gellert & Petschek families.
Plans are afoot to reopen the mine now that copper prices have risen.
In New York, insurance companies are required to pay for all gynecological problems deemed medically correctable, but not for procedures that are strictly used to get people pregnant, like in vitro fertilization.
Now she has the time to do things like visit Harlem from her Greenwich Village town house to see schoolchildren and read her ''Aida'' book, colorfully illustrated by Leo and Diane Dillon.
He said liberal groups were also taking advantage of the section 527 loophole.
Batting with the bases loaded and two out in the eighth inning and the Giants leading, 5-1, Hamilton struck out against Felix Rodriguez, a hard-throwing right-handed relief pitcher.
This intelligent and stirring show explores these ideas in works ranging from the Apocalyptic paintings of the Pentecostal preacher William A. Blayney, to Sister Gertrude Morgan's visions of an interracial paradise, to Edward Hicks's earthly lions-with-lambs ''Peaceable Kingdom.''
They are not being retained to protect the country, but to overthrow the government.''
Although about 20,000 acres have burned and more than 1,000 emergency and fire personnel are fighting the blaze, no injuries have been reported, and the hasty evacuation of the huge number of people was described as orderly.
''I just need a little rest to loosen it up,'' the 34-year-old goaltender said.
It's the start of a new Camden.
A metal workers union, the Southeastern Iron Workers, tried to join in the class-action suit against the tobacco companies after the verdict, and lawyers for the cigarette makers argued that the case should be transferred to federal court because of federal laws regarding labor unions.
Held in the H. R. Giger Room (decorated by the artist who designed the creatures in the movie ''Alien''), Zenwarp features dark wave and trance music.
THIS neurotic bit of free association is the theme song to Comedy Central's new talk show, ''Turn Ben Stein On.''
THE INTEREST GROUPS HOLLYWOOD BACKLASH -- Joe Eszterhas, the Hollywood screenwriter whose credits include ''Basic Instinct'' and ''Showgirls,'' is urging industry colleagues, many of them Democrats, not to contribute to the Democratic Party until Vice President Al Gore and Senator Joseph I. Lieberman of Connecticut explain their position on ''freedom of creative expression.''
She was eight months pregnant with his child when she was shot.
Hot air,'' he said of the possibility.
The Rome group set about trying to detect the WIMPs with a material called sodium iodide, which scintillates, or emits tiny flashes of light, when particles collide with it.
''People probably invest in restaurants for the same reason they invest in thoroughbreds or race cars,'' Mr. Jonas said.
Sometimes you come so far, so fast, you forget where you were 11 months ago.
''Well, my contention is that if every single day you have to wake up to something negative in the newspaper, every single day for two, two and a half years, I would think that it's going to have a negative impact on your morale.
But in addition to competition from generic drug makers, biotechnology companies are facing new challenges in their industry.
The first tapes introduced today by Jose Sierra, an assistant United States attorney, involved the 1997 I.B.F.
Colombian officials also insisted that while promises to farmers were not always honored in the past, Colombia now has the money and the commitment to make alternative development work.
A similar position was taken by Martin Ginsburg, president of Ginsburg Development in Hawthorne, who said: ''I think wetlands are very important.
Saturday at 6 p.m. and 8 p.m. Donation: $8; $5 for students and older people.
The faulty perception of a new age of productivity growth has served as a kind of skyhook on which Wall Street has hung some of the most optimistic stock-market valuations in history.
DEPAUW--Announced the retirement of Judy George, women's field hockey coach.
Besides golf, recreation options include a 200-foot lagoon-style pool, a fitness center and a day spa.
After seeing the others chomp for a few minutes, Ibu had a rhubarb stem sticking out of his mouth.
Then Bobby excuses himself to go to the bathroom, and neither of us has seen him since.
Although Peter Brooks began his study of confession before the Supreme Court's recent review of the Miranda decision, it provides an ideal context for understanding Miranda's history and implications.
Making cable customers support the network perpetuates ''the stereotypes of Indians as people who must be given a handout to succeed,'' said The National Post, which is edited in Toronto and sells nationwide.
Hernandez then struck out Shannon Stewart for his 30th save.
It makes a terrific saketini, a martini made with OP and sake instead of gin and vermouth, with a slice of ginger as a garnish.
The company that owns the Yankees made a new offer to the Madison Square Garden Network yesterday in an attempt to break a legal deadlock over who will broadcast the team's games over the next decade.
REUNION INDUSTRIES, Pittsburgh, a machine parts and products manufacturing company, is selling its Irish plastics unit, Data Packaging, to an undisclosed Irish corporation for about $13.4 million.
BURTON KREINDEL Newton, Mass., May 3, 2000
''When we got to Gore's name he praised the book, and was very taken with it.
Featuring Billy Bragg and Shawn Colvin.
XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc., Washington, D.C., 4 million class A shares.
But today, in the National Football Conference championship game, the Rams were shut down by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers' physical, intimidating style of football.
He would have known that the ominous specter he raised in ''1984'' would, by 2000, become a crowd-pleasing entertainment franchise.
Or to cite Jurgen Habermas, a contemporary philosopher who is a common reference in Mr. Boghossian's courses, ''When technology gets cheaper and more accessible it has a liberating effect across the board.''
''That 55-story building was a speculative office building; this is built specifically for Morgan Stanley,'' Mr. Clement said.
Nothing nobody says is going to deter me from going after this five, regardless of who it is.''
Seriously, I think what worked for the really popular ventriloquists, like Senor Wences and Edgar Bergen, is that the puppet had high disregard for the manipulator -- the nastiness that goes back and forth that's mostly directed toward the ventriloquist.
This period instrument band is offering an all-Bach program at the open concert barn at Maverick Concerts.
It's a win or lose thing.''
Rattling the ice in his drink that night, he said to me, ''You're top rod.''
Brant Hall threw for 241 yards and 2 touchdowns as LEHIGH beat LAFAYETTE, 31-17, in Easton, Pa., in the schools' 136th meeting.
Beloved brother to Janice Grossman and Justin Bisgyer.
BASEBALL American League BOSTON RED SOX -- Agreed to terms with RHP Rich Garces on a one-year contract.
Reading ''A Whale Hunt,'' one can't help seeing the protesters as the media-savvy Ahabs and the Makah as the Starbucks, an embattled, often conflicted people trying to save their culture in the only way they know how.
Both entities will replace outdated academic and medical facilities and build new space for research, creating an estimated 4,500 construction-related jobs by the year 2004.
No matter how Mr. Bush's bid for the presidency turns out, the New York Republican Party, and Mr. Pataki, will clearly be remembered as among his more steadfast and energetic supporters.
Given that there has been no mention of this in the court record in the last 20 years, and that it served no purpose in the article's overall focus, the inclusion of such gossip was inappropriate.
There, a question came up.
The green roof on the assembly plant, they say, will be good insulation and will hold temperatures near the roof at within 5 degrees of 75 degrees, winter and summer.
Carlton Advisory Services said that Park West Associates is the developer but declined to disclose the names of those who formed the corporation, or of the lender and architect of the project, called the Park West.
So William D. Rollnick, a New York businessman chosen as the United States commissioner for the Hanover fair, spent more than two years trying to raise money in the private sector for an American pavilion.
DONGHIA-Carmella, mother of the late Angelo Donghia, passed away Friday, October 27, 2000.
Redrawing the map of central Africa may seem radical, but consider what has happened elsewhere since the end of the cold war.
The convenience-store chain 7-Eleven, for instance, plans to install Internet-ready A.T.M.
If you are a Proust collector, this sale could be your last chance to get something.
Showing his touch and imagination, Woods stood on the thin grass bordering the famous road and hit a soft shot over a three-foot ledge onto the green, running the ball past the cup but intentionally using a slope behind the hole to slow down the ball.
What a dreary little compulsion.
Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 p.m., Saturdays at 2 p.m and 8 p.m., Sundays at 2 p.m. and 7 p.m.
Homemade creme fraiche will keep for about 10 days in the refrigerator.
The model that business futurists like to hold up is the movie industry.
The plan was amended in 1994 and the church property was added.
Beloved sister of Gloria Crouser (Carrollton, Texas), Doris Hull (Payson Arizona), Roberta Ann Burns (Port Carling, Ontario, Canada), and Ronald Spotton (Kimberly, Ontario, Canada).
The investor Carl C. Icahn is planning to buy stakes in the J. C. Penney Company and in Seagate Technology, Inc., the leading computer disk drive maker, according to a federal regulatory filing.
Those further down the electronic food chain, like programmers and coders, prefer copious quantities of Chinese takeout.
* $200,000 to study building a pedestrian bridge from Soundview Park to Hunts Point.
For others here, the wealth of this land is its place in the civil rights movement.
Takao Yasuda, the president of Don Quixote and a passionate proponent of deregulation, contends that the citizens group won a Pyrrhic victory.
MARIAN McPARTLAND TRIO, Brooklyn Conservatory of Music, 58 Seventh Avenue, corner of Lincoln Place, Park Slope, (718) 622-3300.
Daubach took advantage of his new life and gave the Red Sox their first victory this season when trailing entering the ninth inning.
Thirteen people have died in fires started by candles this year, up from 5 last year.
Mr. Clinton told reporters: ''We've got a table in there that we bought shortly after we got married in 1975, that we haven't used in a long time.
(Even the correct pronounciation of her name -- sharDAY -- was a bit of a mystery at first.)
Mr. Thompson said that he knew of that case but that the ruling was from ''a kangaroo court.''
But it is a sore trial to sit through.
George W. Bush today of devising a ''secret plan'' that could bankrupt the Social Security system.
In my junior year I learned that they were only hiring pharmacists, so I switched my major from chemistry to pharmacy.
AND NEVER LET HER GO, by Ann Rule.
But Dominion Resources of Richmond, Va., entered the picture last week by making an unsolicited offer nearly $50 million higher than Entergy's.
Peter Lord and Nick Park's film flies in the face of blandly animated features.
Curiously, the subject of video game cheats, for me and other gamers discussing them online, seems frequently to revolve around the issue of saving games.
Garber had his doubts about working with Old Austin.
Mr. Luntz says that, polling for the Nature Conservancy, he came away feeling that women don't want programs as extreme as Mr. Gore's: ''The suburban housewife wants to maintain the park down the street, not close the state of Colorado.''
Democrats need 5,000 signatures statewide to get on the ballot.
In many ways, Kosovo is the template with which they began.
US Airways shares were up 44 cents, to $31.81.
SCORECARD -- The advertisement reflects the belief by Mrs. Clinton's advisers that voters who learn of the telephone campaign will turn against Mr. Lazio.
There is no reason to think that Texas makes life-or-death mistakes in capital cases less frequently than other states, and good reason to think the risk is higher there.
She managed on a small pension and Social Security -- until August 1996, when she refinanced her home through First Alliance.
At Madison Square Garden on Monday, the Knicks will again try to snuff out long odds in Game 4 of their Eastern Conference championship series with the Indiana Pacers.
Justice Gruner-Gans made no ruling during the 90-minute hearing.
Blacks were dispossessed of most of the country's land; events in Zimbabwe have led to increasing calls from both blacks and whites for orderly redistribution.
Yet none of those artists qualify as contemporary; all of them, in fact, are dead.
''I don't know anybody who wants to give me a $3,000 computer for Christmas.''
She will face up to nine years in prison when she is sentenced on April 28.
TotalFina suspended its offer until after the vote.
The Officers, Directors and Members of the Bronx Realty Advisory Board deeply mourn the passing of Ruben Klein, our President of 25 years and recently Chairman of the Board.
But the accusations, and Coke's response to them, further damaged the image of a company also struggling with declining earnings, a plummeting stock price and the fallout from a European product recall.
Neither will comment on those estimates, but Mr. Chase acknowledged, ''We don't have to work if we don't want to.''
Bird did not care for Miller's back-and-forth with the officials and sat him out for the first five minutes of the fourth quarter.
At times, I wished Means would let the sun come out a little more often, or let his lovers indulge in a few more unconflicted moments of mutual admiration.
He appeared to address potential skepticism about the effectiveness of yet another task force when he said that he expected the group to report back in two months and that he wanted complete change.
He has won the last 12 times that he has either held or shared the lead after the third round of a Tour event.
I've seen them kill only once: quickly and with great efficiency in the air, breaking the victim's neck with a sharp shake of the head.
JEB BUSH Governor Tallahassee, Fla., July 13, 2000
But most of those moving to the exurban townships now already have white collars, and ambiguous voting habits.
In past agreements, the negotiated pay scale remained in place for the life of the deal.
.3:52:47 7591 Tripodi, I, 40M .
In ''The Duel,'' the first film of a four-part series, the seafaring is none too rollicking for C. S. Forester's famed midshipman (Ioan Gruffud) as he sets sail with the Royal Navy.
None of that, though, gets at how truly weird ''Nosferatu'' is.
Architects work in abstract terms, while engineers work more with models of nature.
Scientists say that energy building in the mountain will probably cause more eruptions.
This is not mere horoscope stuff.
This ''first'' will be performed at 8 p.m. through Saturday and 2 p.m. next Sunday at the college in Dix Hills (516) 424-7000, extension 108.
After Bell Atlantic came to do the outside wiring of my new phone line, it took about two weeks for Northpoint, Flashcom's D.S.L.
And I've been staying there now for the last year and a half.
Outside of Davis, the room was dead quiet.
Mr. Clinton will also seek funding to speed development of personalized guns, which can be fired only by the authorized owner.
The most effective part of Ms. Wagner's campaign has been strong fund-raising.
''We don't appreciate the statements he made about immigrants.
'We're good but we just didn't show it.'
The American diamond industry, the International Diamond Manufacturers Association and the world's major jewelry organizations are working to ensure that diamonds are not used to finance conflict.
Mr. Brindley, who works there part time and who is a senior music major at Rutgers-Newark, says, ''If I'm tired, it's hard for me to hold back when customers are rude.''
Open for dinner Fridays and Saturdays at 5 P.M., Sundays at noon.
Diane Sawyer and the ABC News program ''20/20'' won a silver baton for a report on the neglect and abuse of handicapped children in Russian orphanages that are little more than warehouses.
The technology, still under development, prevents a gun from being fired by anyone but its owner.
But that is still four times higher than in most developed nations.
Task force members replied that there were many financial models that could provide revenues to the school system without directly swapping computers for advertisements on the board's World Wide Web site.
But on Wednesday that changed.
Bobby Labonte, the series points leader, finished third, followed by Rusty Wallace, Kevin Lepage, Jeremy Mayfield and the elder Earnhardt, whose first career victory came on April Fool's weekend in 1979.
AMIT is deeply grieved by the passing of our most devoted longtime former president of the AMIT B&P Chapter.
Another draw was the spectacle of the calliope on Promenade Deck.
Parks Commissioner Henry J. Stern said the center would close altogether if engineers determine this week that emergency repairs could not be made to the pilings, which have been undermined by borer worms in the harbor.
And in contrast to the 1980's, when the United States was plagued by a simultaneous rise in its trade and budget deficits, the federal government is currently running a large budget surplus, providing a substantial cushion for the economy.
The senator, Slade Gorton of Washington, who is running for re-election, said that drug companies had become ''the new health care villains'' and that American consumers were being ''ripped off'' by their pricing practices.
IN his sparsely furnished apartment perched high above West End Avenue and dominated by a Steinway grand, the pianist Robert Taub was poring over musical manuscripts one recent afternoon, as he often does.
Both work as interns helping high school students prepare for college.
But while Canada's campaign may be short and cheap, it is not sweet.
As many as half of all New York children who are enrolled in a special government health care plan do not actually qualify for the plan and will be removed from it over the next several months.
Variety called it ''not just an itsy bitsy surprise: it was a shock.''
Few questioned Dr. Bob, as they called him, who was convicted last week of murdering his first wife.
The patient cried out and clenched her fists as the seeping dye irritated the already angry nerve endings at the breach.
''You've got Bill Russell with the Celtics, Michael Jordan with the Bulls,'' Piazza said.
Moreover, he argued, ''This is not a liberal country, it is not a country predisposed to voting Democrat and liberal.''
The three networks NBC, ESPN and Lifetime are in the fourth year of a five-year deal.
By most accounts, that fear starts at the top.
Revisiting Federalism The Supreme Court will decide whether states are bound by a federal ban on discrimination against the disabled in hiring.
A separate bill, expected to be passed this fall, would extend immigration privileges to same sex couples and their dependants.
Transfer the bass and lentils to a large platter and serve.
But Bearnarth's first year in the majors would be his best.
A Queens woman was critically injured in a fire that the authorities said was started by a curling iron in her apartment late Saturday night.
He added, ''This is honest work, and there is honor in doing it.''
In October, the European Convention on Human Rights will become binding on British courts.
They will probably face trespassing charges, he said.
Gonzalez, whom the Tigers acquired from Texas in a stunning trade Nov. 2, also was concerned about the Tigers' chances of contending, the friend said, and the distances of the fences at Comerica Park, the new park the Tigers move into this year.
And for Mr. Holm-Laursen, the units were originally too awkward to wear on a belt, in part because he had to wear two other belts, one for climbing and one for tools.
I feel he should pay at least part of the replacement cost, but since I did not pay for his services, am I wrong to hold him responsible?
The only uncertainty about the Grisham enterprise seems to be whether he may be overproducing.
In the mock kidnapping, an Israeli official walked across the old prison yard surrounded by eagle-eyed security men.
Generally regarded as Off Broadway, Encores is being awarded a special Tony tonight.
Six years later we decided Bouie v. City of Columbia, in which the state court had held, contrary to precedent, that the state trespass law applied to black sit-in demonstrators who had consent to enter private property but were then asked to leave.
By contrast, in 1964, at the time of the first fight, Cassius Clay, as Ali was then known, was viewed by the boxing establishment as little more than a sideshow freak.
''I would not connect the two things,'' Mr. Giuliani said.
But because of Republican party rules, it will have no impact on the choice of California's 162 convention delegates.
Even unbuilt, it brings into focus the philosophical issues Eisenman's work addresses and his increasing success in conveying them in architectural terms.
Though the schools would still receive money from the city and state, their conversion to charter status would free them of many state and city regulations and allow their managers to renegotiate some union contracts.
''Then somebody new in Human Resources did a cost-benefit analysis and found out it cost $100 a month for the free popcorn,'' he said.
as visiting Arizona beat Montreal.
After the stock offering in Goldman Sachs last year, Bernstein was left as one of the last prominent privately held securities firms in New York.
As a city with a modest nightlife, lacking both a highly recognized research university and convenient air connections, Tulsa is unlikely to emerge as a full-fledged information-age capital, Mr. Knutson said.
Challenged by his friend, the swimmer Duke Kahanamoku, Prieste shinnied up a 15-foot flagpole at the end of the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp, Belgium, and stole the official flag.
She is the author of many articles and chapters in books relating to Judaism, and she is the editor of ''Four Centuries of Jewish Women's Spirituality'' (Beacon Press), which is a collection of writings by almost 100 Jewish women from 1567 to the present.
''Clinton is obsessed with Florida,'' the case of the Cuban boy ''and how it impacts,'' Mr. Torricelli said.
She makes the point that, as with meatballs, which were not cooked with sauce in Italy, but began to be here to improve the flavor of lackluster tomatoes, ravioli was also transformed, from the festive to the ordinary.
O'Casey's tenement is aswarm with neighborly conflict, both personal and political, already simmering in poverty and ready to boil in the crucible of imminent revolution.
Much of this novel recalls ''Rainlight,'' the author's 1998 debut, also set in the same region.
Eminent biologists describe it as a quest that will occupy their discipline for at least the next 50 years, if not the next century.
In 1994, after his first successful harvest, Mr. Sluga split with his four partners in a disagreement over how to invest their profits, but within two years, ''some of my former partners rented their land to me because they could not continue on their own.''
Maxwell's, 1039 Washington Street, Hoboken.
Anything that helps energize our base vote is a plus.''
Currently, 176,000 students take some form of bilingual or E.S.L.
He dedicates his first short-story collection, ''Scar Vegas,'' to the Nigerian writer and activist Ken Saro-Wiwa, who was ''hanged for our insatiable oil gluttony.''
At first he took only mail orders, but soon so many people were knocking on the door of his Hell's Kitchen apartment that he opened a store around the corner.
.4:27:52 16267 Birch, S, 23M .
''If you don't use data, you wind up with a bunch of excess inventory,'' Mr. Singh said.
Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, a Republican, and former Mayor Edward I. Koch, a Democrat, had sought to rally support against some Democratic incumbents in the city, particularly Ms. Nolan, because they voted to repeal the income tax on commuters last year, but those efforts appeared to have had little impact.
''I place high demands on the offense, and our passing game hasn't been what we'd like,'' Holmgren said yesterday.
So a Syrian decision to accept Israel's withdrawal as full compliance with Resolution 425 would obligate Lebanon and the militia to follow suit.
Scott McLean, a political science professor at Quinnipiac, defended its polling methodology, saying that the election was too far away to identify likely voters reliably.
Every story presented gets a fair shake, even (and this once really happened) when it's told from the point of view of a brain-dead person.
Temple Shaaray Tefila, 250 E 79 St, Fri, July 7, 11:15 AM.
The assembly spokeswoman, Shirley Brownell, said that the organization was trying to place a call to Tuvalu through Fiji today to tell the Tuvaluans the good news.
''He would never want to cut to a close-up because he wanted at all times to preserve what the body was doing,'' recalled Mr. Potts, who, in 1972, was a first assistant director on ''Don Quixote.''
Tandoori is unusual among Indian restaurants in having a medium-sized list of California, Australian and other wines, beginning at $18.
Mirchi's other point of departure is forceful spicing, with occasionally very high heat (the word mirchi means hot, as in chilies).
Tim Hudson (12-4) lost for the second time in his last 13 decisions, giving up eight runs (seven earned) and seven hits in just two and two-thirds innings.
Every little while a loudspeaker breaks into the readers' reveries, warning them to watch for pickpockets.
The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was flat, rising 0.28 point, to 1,315.23.
7 train, 1 p.m.; coffeehouse sponsored with the Pinewoods Folk Music Club, 2 to 4 p.m.; bring songs about trains.
While some commercial theatrical producers are accusing nonprofit theaters in the United States of abandoning their mandate to take risks and of playing it safe to fill seats, at least one government-subsidized theater is the subject of similar attacks in Britain.
''We've probably done one thing different than some other teams,'' Banner said.
Bishop McHugh, 68, who had headed the diocese since January, died of cancer on Sunday.
One American official cautioned against taking this or other possible lapses as proof of a cover-up.
But the specifics of a federal response are still being developed on Capitol Hill.
To underscore his point, he cited New Orleans, which has a local CBS station that dominates its competition in news.
Mr. Ivanov complained at the news conference about what he called a lack of objectivity by foreign reporters covering the war.
Noise level: Can be cacophonous when the dining room is full.
Above the auction block, he said, he found a church.
I brimmed with shame, hurt pride and fear that she would write me off as a failure right then and there.
sent some of Dr. Bier's tapes of echocardiograms, which measure heart activity, to Dr. Malcolm Phillips, director of medicine at St. Barnabas, for a quality review.
It destroyed at least half the crops on the Great Plains, lowered water levels in the Mississippi River so much that barges ran aground and created the conditions for a summer-long run of forest fires in the West.
Sandra Joyce Sullivan, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William E. Sullivan of Ho-Ho-Kus, N.J., was married yesterday to John Norris Barnes, the son of Mr. and Mrs. J. Norris Barnes III of Winston-Salem, N.C.
he asked as his father put on one item.
The captains of the Eagle, from the United States Coast Guard, and the Cisne Branco, from Brazil, led separate turnarounds of two lines of ships on the Hudson River, said Gregory Perrin, vice president of OpSail, the nonprofit group that put on the event.
A1 Many prominent Republicans and party operatives are questioning Mr. Bush's strategy in the last days before the election, saying the campaign's top advisers were so confident that they made mistakes that probably cost Mr. Bush a comfortable victory.
The second choice, More Than Ready, struggled in the early part of the race and had too much ground to make up on the leaders and finished fourth.
He was the first architect inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame.
''I am disappointed in the verdict,'' she said.
For Roger A. Enrico, the chairman and chief executive of PepsiCo, who nursed the company through a series of woes in the 1990's and transformed it into one of the darlings of Wall Street analysts, the deal is something of a coup.
As the storm moved eastward and heavy rains fell in Alabama, Florida and Georgia, forecasters turned their attention to a winter storm from Canada that spread across the Plains and North Central States.
Writing in the newspaper Maariv, Rifat Turk, a former soccer star who is an Arab Israeli, said he was shocked and pained by the tumult in his hometown, Jaffa, ''the Jaffa of all of us, Jews and Arabs both.''
By the end of 2001, there will also be a movie theater, a Stop 'N' Shop supermarket and a variety of clothing boutiques, bookstores and cafes.
Their continuing education does not come from discovering firsthand the roots of traditional cooking in the Italian countryside, nor from eating at the newest three-star restaurant.
During World War II his tour of duty was with the Navy upon the battleship Luce in the Pacific.
The Dow Chemical Company said it planned to spend more than $325 million to build a United States plant and expand another to increase its production of a chemical used to make insulation and padding.
It will announce today that it has formed a partnership with RealNetworks, an Internet company whose products deliver audio and video content over the World Wide Web, to create an archive of Internet content and data.
''We've got a pretty good crop this year,'' he said, smiling.
Symphony Space, 2537 Broadway, at 95th Street; (212) 864-5400 (Dunning).
The check was for $221.67.
Most of the stone-throwers at the front, it seemed, lived in refugee camps.
Attempts to time the market are usually ''exercises in vanity over economics,'' Mr. Stolper said.
No other city of significant population leads such a solitary existence.
Coventry, based in Bethesda, Md., has 1.5 million members in its managed care plans.
In announcing yesterday that it plans to acquire J. P. Morgan for $30.9 billion in stock, Chase executives argued that the combination of Chase's broad base of customers with Morgan's exclusive clientele and financial expertise would prevent the two banks from being left behind in the race to determine which firms will dominate corporate finance.
It was considered a good thing to preserve the traditions of our ancestors.''
''I don't want to do anything else.
''In the middle of the night, they'd come in and inspect my unit, check my stores.
''If I had to sing 'The Gambler' one more time, I'd have been shrieking through the streets,'' she said, with a groan.
Other performers include Sharon Austin and Lisa Moore, vocalists; Anthony Thompson, guitarist; Thomas Mitchell, pianist; Rodrick Covington, an actor; the Rev.
The new business Powerbook will be designed to be upgraded to work with the company's Airport wireless networking system.
Then Capriati started her run by holding service and breaking the 19-year-old Stevenson, a surprise semifinalist at Wimbledon last year.
There is little consensus about which company may be the right partner.
But one of Mr. Lott's allies, Senator Larry E. Craig of Idaho, only narrowly prevailed, 26 to 24, over Senator Pete V. Domenici for chairman of the Senate Republican Conference.
The issue is whether to extend normal trade relations to China on a permanent basis.
Standing in the reconstructed Union Square mezzanine, Mr. Pomeroy pointed to a spot where he said ''the community favored a new entrance, but it had to be abandoned because the Parks Department did not want us to have it because one tree would have to be removed.''
over the threshold to personhood, she makes love to it -- in a scene of eerie beauty that begins with the words, ''It's me, darling.''
On the flip side, Web-based letters may also be likely to exit the market too soon.
player; the Chicago Bears' offensive coordinator, Gary Crowton, and the Tennessee Titans' assistant head coach, George Henshaw.
Perhaps because of this experience of violence, Dasha is granted an equilibrium and an equanimity that her sisters can only dream of.
I've been lucky, and I've also been willing to schmooze and to grovel.''
Ms. Viertel, 28, is a research associate at Seidmon Associates, a media consulting company in New York.
The proposed measure has strong support from civil rights groups and political leaders, including Public Advocate Mark Green and City Comptroller Alan Hevesi.
''We're going to win Wisconsin, we're going to win Oregon,'' Mr. Newton said of the Bush campaign, ticking off battleground states, some of them traditionally Democratic, like sugarplums dancing in his head.
Hemmed in by 2,000-foot rock massifs, this village seems, by measure of its beauty and mystery, altogether more like a place to stay than to leave.
He sprawled to his right as Patrik Elias tried to deke him with a move from right to left.
Mr. Kaufman identified another important force propelling market volatility: Wall Street's obsession with making tradeable securities out of investments that previously would have sat on investors' or bankers' books until they came due.
Mother of the late Harry M. Jacobson and Richard N. Jacobson.
That drove the bond's yield, which moves in the opposite direction from its price, up to 5.99 percent from 5.91 percent.
Thanks largely to Mrs. Devine, blacks began to show up at the county courthouse almost daily, demanding to register.
Four guys can download 25,000 pounds.''
An engaging reinterpretation of the prophets life that defends his ideas (not very persuasively) but emphasizes his Victorian male egocentricity and bourgeois pretensions.
But Ms. Lategano also said the commercials had never been broadcast upstate, where the mayor is less well known than in New York City, and where his Senate exploratory committee has already broadcast a series of campaign commercials.
The Bengals' first loss at their new stadium gave Coach Bruce Coslet an old concern.
Among the scheduled journeys is a rafting trip on the Salmon River in Idaho from Sept. 9 to 16 for $2,295 a person, including air fare to the river from Boise.
OVER the next 10 to 12 years, the government could eliminate the public debt if it applies to that goal the entire portion of the surplus currently generated by Social Security.
The Grand Clio for interactive work went to Arnold Communications in Boston, part of Snyder Communications, which is being acquired by Havas Advertising, for interactive work for Volkswagen of America.
National Semiconductor was one of the few companies that talked about disappointing earnings yesterday.
The product, which is produced by Optidisc of Green Bay, Wisc., is currently available on the Web (at www.neato.com) and in Europe, and the company is arranging distribution in the United States.
''Rash statements could put in jeopardy everything that Jordan and other moderate Arab states have worked for,'' the official said.
''I am warning those who want to bring down the government with pamphlets that they have played the wrong card, and that as of today they are not members of the Croatian Army,'' President Stjepan Mesic was quoted as saying by the Hina news agency on Friday.
''Rehearsals have gone from two hours to six,'' Mr. Forman said.
Revamped last March, it won an award in July from CIO magazine as one of the top business Web sites.
The McCarter Theater and Princeton University unveiled the design for the exterior of the Berlind Theater last week.
The boy, Nderim Ayete, later died.
But for customers, at least in the early going, the psychic costs could be much higher.
As Mr. Rauschenberg predicted, bartering was inevitable.
''This is organized by frustration,'' said one demonstrator, a woman who identified herself only as Aziza.
''Sheldon Ross was an encouraging and supportive dealer of Romare Bearden's art for many years, responsible for placing numerous works in important public and private collections,'' recalled Ruth E. Fine, the curator of modern drawings and prints at the National Gallery of Art in Washington.
The almost single-minded focus on economic decline that for so long dominated interviews here with voters -- and shaped the appeals of presidential candidates from both parties -- has been replaced with a broad new set of issues, including health care, education and campaign finance reform.
At 9 p.m. on a recent Monday, cars were double-parked along Rogers Avenue in the Flatbush section of Brooklyn.
In the days and weeks that followed a similar tone was evident among some of the victims' parents, whose need to validate their children's lives and their own grief in public was sometimes tinged with self-promotion.
So they proceeded to simply turn the museum into a living moving picture.
What's more, in what appears to be the final staging of the du Maurier Classic, every red shirt on the property knows that only one other Canadian, Jocelyne Bourassa, has ever won the event.
GRILLED QUAIL WITH LAVENDER ONIONS Time: 1 1/2 hours, including marinating 1 bottle rose wine 2 tablespoons honey, preferably lavender 1 1/2 tablespoons orange zest 1 large clove garlic, crushed 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil 4 branches fresh lavender (flowers and leaves), plus 1 teaspoon lavender flowers Salt and freshly ground black pepper 8 quail, butterflied 1 pound pearl onions 1 tablespoon unsalted butter 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar.
It also has a joint venture in a consumer information Web site with Johns Hopkins University.
The steady keel of the annual parade is sustained by the efforts of the Park Slope Civic Council, the century-old volunteer board that typifies the neighborhood's unusually high level of civic participation.
LeWitt is the sweetest, most wonderful, most generous man in creation.
Despite some of these hurdles, many students participating in online graduate programs say they are reaping rewards.
By 1984, however, the East Village art scene was fully entrenched within the workings of the New York art world with over seventy commercial galleries located in the space of fourteen blocks.
''They both support a good set of features.
Eric Bloom, an economics teacher at Paly, as the high school is known, realized the culture had shifted when he began noticing that some students were becoming bored when simulated stocks were introduced in class.
*+ ''DAME EDNA: THE ROYAL TOUR.''
This sense of looming anarchy resurrected the military ruler in Mr. Obasanjo late last year.
At 10 p.m., the police were back yet again, this time in an unmarked white van.
Funeral Mass Monday, 10AM, at St. Columba's Church, Chester, New York
No group of passengers has suffered more of late than those flying United, the world's largest airline.
Most of the others are believed to have been Kurdish businessmen from war-torn provinces in the southeast.
A sound piece consists of a litany of contradictory evaluations of his character delivered by friends.
The only computer problem that the Brooklyn Hospital Center ran into was in the emergency room, where a punch clock used to record admissions stamped the first card of the year December 32, 1999, said a spokesman, Clifford F. Ohle, who seemed to be happy to have something irregular to report.
He is already serving two life sentences for killing Debra Smith Taylor, 23, and Tammy Williams, 17, in Windham County in 1982.
But one of the most intriguing displays showcased a vessel from the past, not the present.
Open from noon to 1:30 and 5:30 p.m. to midnight except Sundays and holidays.
THE 1960 debates allowed Mr. Kennedy to demonstrate that he had mastered the issues against his more seasoned competitor, Mr. Nixon.
They tend to err on the side of optimism, wildly overestimating how long their patients will live and suggesting that wishful human thinking can easily morph those rigorous survival curves.
The ''process'' concept, which Dr. Hartshorne developed from the ideas of one of his professors at Harvard, the philosopher Alfred North Whitehead, influenced progressive Protestant theologians and, more recently, Roman Catholics and Jews, said David Ray Griffin, a professor of the philosophy of religion at the Claremont School of Theology.
Some of the power figures here are extraordinary in their expressiveness, particularly one from the Yombe people of Zaire province in Angola.
Other CMOS sensors are cropping up in intriguing new applications, like one from Photobit, a CMOS imaging company in Pasadena, Calif., that was founded by scientists who pioneered the technology at the California Institute of Technology's Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
He glanced skyward for just an instant.
Work aside, Mr. Cheney is getting out of the house.
SINGH-Kathleen (Terry), 67, of Brooklyn, NY, originally of Leicestershire, England, on June 14, 2000.
Describing a simulation in which one star crashes into another about twice its size at a speed of about half a million miles per hour, ''the small one actually plows through the larger one and tears a furrow,'' said Dr. Joshua E. Barnes, an associate professor of astronomy at the University of Hawaii.
I take my hat off to him.''
The Bonsai restaurant trivializes the event that in the minds of Americans will always stand for treachery.
Mr. Nadelmann wants to enlist such people in his cause of repealing all penalties for drug use.
Wright (3-2) won for the first time in five starts, allowing four hits before being replaced by Steve Reed.
To make the trade fit the regulations of the collective bargaining agreement, the Knicks would have to take a couple of marginal players, one of whom is probably Travis Knight, the Lakers' backup center.
The foundation was established in 1951 by her maternal grandmother, Eileen Garrett, a writer and a so-called trance medium who died in 1970.
At the urging of the federal Labor Minister, Claudette Bradshaw, Air Canada and the union representing its 2,200 pilots have agreed to nonbinding mediation that could lead to a new contract.
Handle shapes include cross pattern, round knobs and lever grips.
Shares of financial companies make up 13 percent of the value of the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index.
Yesterday, The Wall Street Journal said Reynolds had submitted a bid that would price the holding company at a 20 percent discount to the net proceeds received from the sale of the food company.
Annie's lovers, in particular, are written with such slurpy libidinousness and portrayed (by Arthur Aulisi and Nick Phelps) with such focus on caricature that they seem to have ventured onstage from a cartoon -- or, worse, an amateur production next door.
Michel points out with pride how beautiful the Place de la Concorde looks, lighted at night.
The Teamsters and the company agreed to additional talks next week, and the Teamsters agreed to remove pickets as a gesture of good will, said Dennis Raymond, chairman of the Teamsters' New England Bakery Drivers Council.
Overall taxes on fuel have continued to rise, however, and Mr. Brown failed to anticipate the anger they would draw from consumers as crude oil prices also rose.
Her book does make it easy to see why researchers will be elbowing one another out of the way for years to get to David's papers.
Federal assistance to the area, Tarrant County, was ordered on Friday.
Mr. Albee is directing the play himself.
Mi Cocina ** [Rating: 2 stars] (212) 627-8273 57 Jane Street, at Hudson Street West Village $$ All major cards The food at this colorful mom-and-pop restaurant is deeply flavored and deceptive, with complex dishes constructed from the simple building blocks of corn, chilies and tomato.
The cartel's members account for three-quarters of the world's proven oil reserves and more than 40 percent of output.
''Because I saw the spot, so just like in two seconds I'd be there.
Loving father of Hannah Dresner, Miriam Klausner (Mitchell), Dr. Nehama Dresner (Dr. Christopher Randolph) and Dr. Rachel Dresner (David Jacobs).
They had been friends and teammates in high school in Tuscaloosa, Ala. Sanders would be flying back with the Marshall team from their game against East Carolina in Greenville, N.C.
And he is still hunting for the great fight that will elevate him into a household name.
Last year, Exxon completed its $81 billion merger with Mobil in the same week that staff officials at the F.T.C.
Sunday at 9:30 a.m., starting and ending at the East Drive and 90th Street.
I think anybody's who's an intelligent viewer, that has watched this game for years, it was a no-call.
The reporter Michael Isikoff, who is described as Newsweek's ''in-house expert on Clinton's sex life,'' is lumped in with these enemies and is taken to task for writing a book about the scandal.
And the bartending gig was for one night only, at a fund-raiser for Making Headway, a charity for parents of children with brain tumors.
''It's pretty much wide open,'' said Marcus Camby, who led the Knicks with 16 points and 11 rebounds.. ''It was wide open before, even if he wasn't sick.
intends to lease about 25 percent of the space in the sites that it builds for Qwest.
On Sept. 30, just as the new concert season gets under way in the world's arts centers, John Crosby will step down as the general director of this adventurous company, which he founded in 1957 and has run since.
Mr. Langston is part of a small but increasing audience tuning in to the Internet for short bursts of entertainment.
Why would a happily married woman jeopardize a successful marriage by having an affair with her husband's poorer, less attractive and admittedly unhappy best friend?
And yet, for all Muckler's tinkering, the Rangers still had to settle for a 2-2 tie with the second-worst team in the National Hockey League.
The Yankees will resume discussions with one of their own players on Friday, when club officials will meet with pitcher Denny Neagle's agent.
Clemens himself denied that he hit Piazza purposely.
All the actors are good, however, especially the women, to whose characters Mr. Stoppard has tellingly devoted the greatest care.
Mr. Holmgren is the Mary Flagler Cary curator of botany at the Institute of Systemic Botany at the garden.
.4:38:32 18613 Nesbitt, S, 29M .
America was a different matter altogether.
I've got the best staff in the country and I want to keep them right here.
''And even when they do,'' he said, ''it is difficult to know what to assess.''
Mark Landler (NYT) THE AMERICAS BRAZIL: DEFENSE AIDE TO QUIT The first civilian head of the armed forces, Defense Minister Elcio Alvares, said he would quit at the request of President Fernando Henrique Cardoso, left, over a scandal said to link the minister's former chief of staff to drug trafficking.
Executives offered no clear reason for the improvement in ratings Tuesday night.
But often elements like storms or fog made witnesses scarce.
One has to be specially nice to them.''
''To win 15 games the way we did, we feel fortunate,'' Manager Joe Torre said, discussing April in the Bronx.
ARIZONA STATE--Named Tom Osborne assistant head football coach.
WHITE SOX 17, REDS 12: Frank Thomas's three-run homer off Ron Villone (6-3) completed an early outburst that swept visiting Chicago to victory.
She collected her coffee and change and wondered what was going on.
Q What are the benefits and drawbacks of having a ''sit-down'' contract of sale when purchasing real estate?
Judge Rhonda I. L. Loo of the Hawaii District Court in Wailuku is to officiate at the Four Seasons Resort in Wailea, Maui.
2 hole for the first time since May, and batted Payton second because Payton is swinging better.
To the Editor: Your April 10 Business Day article about the supposed link between the culture of the 1960's and the Internet economy quotes Chris Locke, the co-author of ''The Cluetrain Manifesto,'' as saying, ''The Internet enables people to talk directly to each other and to corporations.''
And then he turned this strange-looking chicken towards the sun and said, ''Eagle, fly, eagle.''
Had the ball bounced off the field, Simply Paradise would have scored four runs.
One of the top free agents next season is Chris Webber, a power forward.
''There's been some radical changes since last year, and for this young and inexperienced hockey club to win 24 games is a good accomplishment and a real nice steppingstone,'' Goring said.
She is the only eighth grader.
MONTCLAIR PUBLIC LIBRARY ''Women Out Loud: Celebrating Women's History Month Through the Spoken Word.''
Johnson, appearing in his eighth career game and second this season, earned his first career shutout.
But I realized he was scared and felt no control over the most basic functions of his existence.
Woods wanted to keep the focus on golf, after his recent comments about his business differences with the PGA Tour.
What makes Mr. Rocker's outbursts scary, some sociologists say, is that many Americans share his views though they know it is politically verboten to express them.
The gathering was a part of a money-raising trifecta that Mr. McCain executed tonight.
It's been a long time since we've played a game that strategic on both sides.''
He ''could never have invented such grotesquerie by himself'' -- but then Frank isn't blessed with the imagination of Hilary Mantel.
But, he said, Mrs. Clinton has been ''pretty straightforward about what her beliefs are, by carrying over what she was for in the White House.''
The two had been dating for three years, the police said.
Mr. Arias, whose oratory is more restrained and manner less exuberant than the still popular Mr. Chavez, has also hammered away at what he describes as massive corruption, singling out Mr. Chavez's closest adviser, Luis Miquilena.
We hold Buckley to be authority for comparable state regulation, which need not be pegged to Buckley's dollars.
Before the game was over, Lemieux had one more assist and a goal of his own in a 5-0 victory over Toronto.
Mr. Trump said that the Jan. 10 meeting of the Briarcliff Manor Village Board at which it took action on two key parts of his golf course plan was the end of an ''extremely tough process.''
The owner, Lawrence Friedman, submitted the application on Dec. 13, two days before he was indicted by a grand jury in State Supreme Court in Brooklyn following an investigation by the state attorney general's office.
The shares differ in voting power: Class A is entitled to one vote each and Class B, 10 votes each.
Easy to throw up one's hands and ask why the struggle for tolerance seems always to involve reinventing the wheel.
Mr. Lazio said at a breakfast rally in Orange County.
Since the concept's debut, two big things have changed.
''I ended up selling the apartment nine months after I bought it.''
''He felt it was a personal victory that they came,'' said his widow, Vesna Levar, sitting in their kitchen surrounded by photographs of her husband and candles.
The independent counsel report said that at least 726 of them were for people who no longer worked at the White House.
But John Moxley, Martha's brother, said he believed the witnesses.
Frank Humphrey, the presiding officer, ordered the protesters removed as hymns were played.
He also drives a Ford pickup, wears battered blue jeans and flashes an aw-shucks grin.
But many witnessing or experiencing the violence are wondering why they should bother with this kind of peace.
Tonight, Mr. Richard, who has twin 2-year-olds, was looking forward to capping his long day of arguments by celebrating his fourth wedding anniversary.
How can one describe the scene inside Morton's except to say that it was strangely, marvelously surreal?
But I don't look back and regret anything at all.''
He was understandably detached, unmoved and monotone in his responses.
AG Worldwide in New York, part of the Draft Worldwide unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies, has handled assignments for Samsung like appliances and consumer electronics.
According to local reports, they began a behind-the-scenes lobbying effort to ensure that foreigners would be limited in trying to buy Banespa by, for instance, being forced to bid in a consortium controlled by a Brazilian partner.
In a related development, the Indonesian government, facing mounting pressure from other nations to contain the violence on Timor, began an ambitious campaign this weekend to disarm the militia groups that are accused of killing the three United Nations aid workers in West Timor early this month.
But as a visual artist, of course, I sometimes see the same things from a different viewpoint.
''I tell my patients, 'I'm going to give you something that is the equivalent of a drug called Bendectin, which is a great drug that was forced off the market by litigation,' '' he said.
''Well you know Tim, that was a very, a very painful time for me, for my family and for our country,'' she said quietly.
Meanwhile, Doc Gooden is here.
You can create your own at the Paper Mosaics session at the Transit Museum; today 1:30 p.m.; Boerum Place and Schermerhorn Street, Brooklyn Heights; free with museum admission: $3; 3 to 17 and people over 65, $1.50; (718) 243-8601.
''There was a period right before and during the Republican convention where it looked like Bush would sail away with this,'' said Senator Peter Fitzgerald of Illinois.
Both systems bring reason to the coincidence of tones; they differ in their origins.
He has a sense of finding the ball, running through people.
''But this event always takes place.
Shares of Amazon.com, the Internet industry's bellwether stock, plummeted 19 percent in heavy trading yesterday as investors grew nervous about the company's financial health and its prospects for profitability.
With our love, Ornella and Bobby GORDON-Edward S. Like many of us in the industry, you gave me my first opportunity in the real estate business.
''It was really fun and just different to do,'' she said.
If they are introduced patiently, under ideal circumstances, they may get along.
When Mr. Surdoval was 18, he helped with Mr. Meyer's unsuccessful campaign for Congress.
is buying Challenge Air Cargo, an airline that serves Latin America from Miami.
He was 76 years old.
All of the apartments have eat-in kitchens and either a balcony or a patio.
Mr. Wolfe said that the letter was simply a way for Ms. Ketay to introduce herself to the industry and to field the one-time offers he often got and was willing to consider.
The Marichal-Roseboro clash was all the more shocking because the men's behavior was entirely uncharacteristic.
India, a resolute democracy, is home to a booming software industry and a rapidly multiplying middle class.
Ms. Brown said she told Mr. Bush's representatives that the commission had always been open to employing varying formats for the debates, which are to occur on Oct. 3 in Boston; Oct. 11 in Winston-Salem, N.C., and Oct. 17 in St. Louis.
-- makes her own life easier and more interesting to explain.
By all accounts, Mr. Moore, 51, who is from New Zealand, has labored mightily to restore confidence within the fractured ranks of the organization, which now has 138 member nations and seems to be expanding monthly.
That's what makes football fun sometimes.''
His first job is at the Tour d'Argent in Paris.
Some asylum abuses are fine, as long as the applicant is a photogenic Cuban kid.
In therapy-speak, we Americans like to give ourselves permission.
A private service will be held.
Beloved daughter of the late William Francis and Mary Ellen Hickey Kenny.
They went wild for the pilot, clapping enthusiastically for any campy bits.
I glimpsed a garish orange leather chair, yet another in Gottman's spectrum of bright colors, before he gathered his papers and led us into a conference room with a somber look on his face.
But the total cost to the government would be higher, and the Bush campaign asserted that under Mr. Gore's proposal ''half of all seniors will pay more in annual charges than they will receive in prescription drug benefits.''
Mr. Lagerfeld's ability to throw out a lot of references and keep them spinning is dazzling.
His terrific performance provided an interesting subplot to the evening.
The airlines involved employ about 73,000 people and carry heavy debts.
Oddly, given the briskness of his Mozart, he tended to linger over details to the point where some of the action implied in Mussorgsky's renderings seemed to be taking place in slow motion.
Barnesandnoble.com and Barnes & Noble are also becoming digital printers and publishers themselves.
''Smile,'' he says, is the band's way of brightening up.
According to government statistics, tourist arrivals in Venezuela fell by more than 25 percent in 1999, with the sharpest decline coming at the end of the year, normally the busiest period here.
But for Temple Games, a Web start-up in Rhode Island, prestige sailing, street luge and yo-yos are inextricably intertwined.
And why, some people asked as the years went by, were only two Asian-Americans awarded the Medal of Honor for World War II combat, especially if 104 rated the Distinguished Service Cross?
''I think, 'Maybe this thing belongs to me,' '' Mr. Kee explains.
Suzie McConnell Serio made a 3-pointer with 1:01 left in regulation to put Cleveland ahead, 59-57.
Mr. Takayama placed each dish before me and announced the ingredient.
The proper study of mankind is man.''
''I thought once I started hitting the ball a bit better, she lost confidence, stopped serving as well,'' Davenport said.
''You might even forgive me if I sometimes get a little [another exaggerated sigh] impatient with the pace of justice.
Neither Mr. Tso nor Mr. Shain returned telephone calls to their offices yesterday.
Yet Mr. Ruiz says he understands his friend's fear of crime in black neighborhoods.
Dr. Puoane sees those attitudes in the flesh when she looks out on her room full of health educators.
The cause was colon cancer, said Barry F. Lipton, the president of the Newspaper Guild of New York.
''It's our job to invent new elements that will generate new energy,'' he said, talking above the ringing phones at his production company, Film Workshop, in Kowloon, across Victoria Harbor from Hong Kong.
Will Barnet: A Timeless World.
''You're kind of seen as a loser,'' Richard Suarino, 18, added.
Ricky Gutierrez drew a one-out walk against Steve Woodard (1-7) in the 13th and took second on a single by Mark Grace.
Throughout, Vatican diplomacy has been dictated by its own ecclesiastical interests.
The report includes an annex that repeats the intelligence assessment last year that Iraq, Iran and North Korea could develop ballistic missiles capable of hitting the United States by 2015, the officials said.
When Ronald Reagan ran for president in 1980, he was widely derided as too conservative to be elected.
A.:An involved father does change children in a positive way.
There is Warner, who was once unwanted by most teams and played in the Arena Football League and in N.F.L.
The sale is critical to Diageo's long-range goal of securing its leadership of the liquor business as it sheds other interests to focus on spirits and its Guinness beer holdings.
Faulk responded with a 9-yard touchdown, and the Rams held a 31-28 lead with about six minutes left.
The Yankees gave Key four years.
Connors declined to comment about that role yesterday, and Stottlemyre, who told reporters in April that he would not speak about his illness during the season, was not at the Stadium.
But one Yemeni official cautioned that the links to Mr. bin Laden fell far short of establishing that he had played any direct role in the attack.
''I had lost my desire,'' he said, sitting in a trainer's room at the Rothman gym.
She received bachelor's and master's degrees in painting from Hunter College.
''But markets have memories,'' he says.
It was not immediately clear what effect the order, issued late today, would have on airline schedules.
Theater Four, 424 West 55th Street, Clinton; (212) 239-6200.
Shapiro said that could ''open the door a tiny, tiny crack'' for trade talks.
Under a photograph of my mother on a pony, the caption read, ''This is a picture of my Grandma Jeanne when she was 12 years old on the family farm in Greenwood, Illinois.''
(He's working on her house in the Hamptons, and recently completed a screening room in her Manhattan apartment.)
How does the sense of smell work?
Negotiators in the cabinet-level talks also agreed to hold regular high-level discussions to implement a pact reached at a historic summit meetings of their leaders in June.
The 55-story, 750-foot towers would shed their stone for broad planes of sheer glass.
In that year Mr. Segal began making sculpture out of chicken wire and plaster.
It's too nice a place.
''It can be a tricky hall to play in,'' the principal clarinetist, Gregory Raden, said.
Attracting aid for lesser-known landmarks is daunting.
Like the more sparsely populated FARC zone to the south, which is larger than Connecticut, Massachusetts and Rhode Island combined, this is cattle country and abounds in fertile pastures.
''THE WIZARD OF OZ,'' the L. Frank Baum story, featuring a country-and-western score, Sunday at 1:30 and 3:30 p.m. Puppetworks at the Children's Aid Society, Greenwich Village Center Theater, 219 Sullivan Street, between Third and Bleecker Streets.
One by one, each publishing house's delegation was escorted into the White House's Diplomacy Room to await their chance to pitch the First Lady on their qualifications, and to inquire ever-so-gently about just what she planned to disclose.
A flawless crystalline soprano, the high note she reaches is F above high-high C (she says she can even go higher ''with a weird little whistle thing'').
While the suburban counties are traditionally Republican, Nassau and Westchester increasingly vote Democratic, and all 11 counties are ideologically flexible.
Saving columbine seeds to start new plants is a good idea because the plants tend to be short-lived, dying out after three or four years.
WHILE mosquitoes are generally not a high-priority item at this time of year -- in the New York City area, the insects do not become active until late spring -- some recent announcements by the city's Health Department may inspire homeowners to launch a pre-emptive strike against the pests even before they take their first flight.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Long-time resident of Rye, New York.
''In the holidays, everyone's attention is on the spirit of the season, which is to give,'' said Karen Rosand, who keeps track of donations to the fund.
Laidlaw, North America's largest bus operator, said on Dec. 20 that it would get rid of the stake to concentrate on other businesses.
Gabor, now 21, is visiting from Hungary to learn the construction business from his father.
There has also been evidence of a coming of age as women assume greater control in their homes and communities.
Simply ending state oversight without demonstrable academic progress would be an admission of failure at a time when Gov.
''In terms of branding efforts, it's important to know if a site is having a personal effect on an Internet user,'' said Mara Shelby, vice president for client development at Greenfield, adding that sites perceived by computer users as being fun and frequently updated are more likely to be visited regularly.
Tuna tartar, topped with a raw quail egg in a shell cracked open at the top, lay in a bamboo basket cradled in lettuce.
PETER SINGER was discussing his career one day recently when a spider suddenly began crawling across his neat desk.
George W. Bush dismissed criticism from some Republicans over the direction of his campaign, but he also called himself ''the underdog'' and said he would restyle his campaign to put him in more intimate settings with voters.
By contrast, as one approaches what looks like a big blank sheet of plastic on the wall, an image of a doll-like woman in elaborate robes -- Kurosawa's Lady Macbeth -- mechanically advances and retreats to the sound of thunder.
If we weren't asked to dance, we convinced ourselves that we were just too high a reach.
Friday and Saturday at 8 p.m. Tickets: $10.
''Their investigators should have the ability to investigate whatever they want here,'' he said.
If Blue Man seemed an unlikely choice for Las Vegas, it must be pointed out that everything in Las Vegas is unlikely, and the city has changed so much in recent years that it's unlikelier than ever.
The Japanese Hill and Pond Garden is open, and guided tours are available.
Everything would be all right if you wrote the right kind of letters.
In February, the governor ordered that the 15 busiest stations revert to the less stringent, faster emissions test.
''Only India can know whether it can afford'' such weapons, he told the Parliament.
''It was a huge step the way we played the last minute,'' said Goring, whose team had won only two of its previous 16 games.
GREG COMELLA -- The defenses have become so complex nowadays that it's not good enough just to line up and run what you're going to run, because of all different types of blitzes.
Information and schedule: (212) 995-2000.
In SoHo in New York, Prada's latest store, designed by the Dutch architect Rem Koolhaas, is moving into the same building as the Guggenheim museum.
''It's an allegiance that's hard to let go,'' he said yesterday.
When I awoke I knew it was true.
If they are lucky, their starting pitchers will pitch deep into games and hand a big lead to the three veteran relievers.
''I can't imagine the focus on me had I not won du Maurier last year,'' Webb said.
Overwhelmed by her balloonlike costume, which seems both to smother and insulate, the figure floats from scene to scene, incongruously filling space but curiously detached from the action.
She has not even rehearsed the 400 meters since May, her coach, Trevor Graham, said.
Two Syracuse University students were charged with burglarizing the bus of the pop star Christina Aguilera to get souvenirs from the vehicle, the police said today.
Its yield fell to 5.66 percent from 5.67 percent.
Mayor Yigal Yosef of Rosh Haayin warned that returning the area to Kafr Kassem would lead other Arab communities to demand that their boundaries be redrawn at the expense of neighboring Jewish communities.
The Ailey company, which ended its five-week winter season at City Center yesterday, has done even better than in 1998, also a five-week season.
But Senator John McCain vowed to persevere, warning that if Mr. Bush was nominated, the Republicans would lose in November.
Recruitment, retention and the bottom line.
In recent months, various options have been suggested, including a diamond and a chevron, only to be set aside.
Mr. Giuliani announced on April 27 that he had prostate cancer in an early, treatable form.
The newspaper, Bay Windows, cited Mr. Bradley's views on gays in the military and same-sex marriages as major reasons for its support.
Eight years of multiplying missions and unclear goals.
In 1910, Argentina staged a massive nationwide celebration to honor the centenary of its independence from Spain.
Ewing, whose hands were numb as he committed six turnovers in 23 minutes playing his first set of back-to-back games since returning from his Achilles' tendon injury, was not in the go-to group on this night.
An ad for the toy seller eToys.com scored over 100 in all three Starch categories because its simple headline -- ''Find the perfect book for your child every time'' -- complied with another of Starch's golden rules: answer the reader's question ''What's in it for me?''
In a small saucepan, bring the vinegar, cider, horseradish and peppercorns to a simmer.
Gulab Bhouraskar, a ceramic artist and Megha Bhouraskar's mother, recalls a time when New York had only a few professional families from India preoccupied with establishing themselves in a new country.
Taperia Madrid + (212) 794-2923 1471 Second Avenue, near 77th Street Manhattan $ All major cards As credible a tapas bar as is likely on the Upper East Side, Taperia Madrid has its priorities right.
Then, his thoughts diverged from ours.
''I've kept away from it ever since.''
Whether that has ever been true, in recent times it has seemed that just about any middle-aged guy with a SAG card who looked reasonably good in a blue suit could at least have a shot at playing the president in a movie.
Barclays, which only a few years ago was one of Britain's most troubled banks, has been on a tear over the last year under its chief executive, Matthew Barrett, who took the bank's top job about 10 months ago.
Often that means venturing short distances, planting a camera, charming a group of elderly folk and leading them in discussions that may begin with some connection to locale but soon diverge into free-form ruminations on life.
JAZZ 98, GRIZZLIES 87: Bryon Russell scored 20 points and Karl Malone added 18 as host Utah continued its mastery of Vancouver.
Their weaves are often as open and simple as a basic dishcloth, but Albers also understood the cumulative effect of little changes, like knots or twists, or irregularities on an expanse of fabric.
''Anywhere I can go and play, I feel I'm going to win, so that's my position,'' Johnson said.
''This is one of the first major battles in which the parties are talking about what the rules of the road will be in the digital future,'' said Blair Levin, a former Federal Communications Commission official.
How sad that the Buford biography has to play the sex card to validate Lancaster's currency -- as if bisexuality makes him modern.
Though almost none of the students enter these temporary trades, most describe a deep, newfound kinship with blue-collar workers.
MICHAEL WIGUTOW Attorney, Housing Rights Project Touro Law Center Huntington
This happened at the same time that other consumer products companies, like Kraft, were adding more marketing people and doing this very successfully.
Braham has been out because of persistent swelling and soreness in his right knee.
In lieu of flowers donations in his memory to either the Lighthouse for the Blind, 111 E. 59 St., NY,NY 10022 or Hospice South Team, 143 Main St., Wakefield, R.I. 02879 would be appreciated.
Money is spent in many ways.
Other work in all media (by anyone who applied on time) will be spread throughout the third and fifth floors and and will also be on view at the former First Union Bank building at 11 Mamaroneck Avenue.
As soon as the viruses hit, they get into the software's address book and mail copies of themselves to every e-mail address listed.
But Sandy Miranda, director of the White Plains Library, said that this has not been an issue.
But they'll want to get their graduate studies done first.
Now, students are expected to have a thorough understanding of each concept, like multiplication and division.
An Israeli soldier was shot in the throat near Rachel's Tomb after militant mourners marched there from Manger Square; he died late tonight.
He served on commissions set up by President George Bush to study education and social security and discussed environmental policy with President Clinton.
She is survived by many nieces, nephews and dear friends.
It's an enormous change, all because of this superintendent.''
Business cycles have a life of their own, of course, and a perverse sense of humor.
The current show includes contemporary Russian works, including ''Meat Dumplings,'' ''Still Life With Garlic'' and my favorite, ''Don't Even Touch My Carrots.''
The second thing you notice is the meat counter with butchers behind it waiting to cut exactly what you want.
Development tools are any variety of software programs that help software programmers do their jobs.
Governor Pataki said he wanted to give more rights to the victims and fewer to criminals who seek to ''mask their true identity.''
''You set up the rules.
Economic growth and rising standards of living opened Europeans to political integration.
How quirky can jobs get?
Slaughter and OL Joe Chustz.
He is also racing against an effort to pass legislation that could prohibit the export of genetically modified organisms from Switzerland.
In the last few weeks, Ms. Sanders said, her son began telling her, ''I just don't feel good.''
Mr. Buchanan dismissed speculation that Mr. McCain could eventually find a home on the Reform line.
DEKE DICKERSON AND THE ECCO-FONICS, AMAZING CROWNS, Maxwell's, 1039 Washington Street, Hoboken, N.J., (201) 798-0406.
It should also be said that the strong clear light of New York gives these paintings and drawings a particular radiance that is not easily found, or counterfeited, in London.
Officials say at least 500 families in Belgrade owe their livelihoods directly to Mr. Raznatovic, who had businesses both open and shady, ranging from bakeries to currency exchanges, oil smuggling and a casino.
''But what's strange is that many people look for Italian instruments of doubtful quality in the range of one or two hundred thousand dollars, which is a lot of money and very little value.''
Political animosity aside, what seemed to be going on was a typical exchange between an active taxpayer association and the town's elected officials.
''But privacy is a serious issue that can slow the development of this medium.''
There is another kind of tree seeker, who prefers a real one but is unwilling to pay for it.
Money could also pose a problem.
Weather has never become dull to him.
But, he said, it is impossible to tell how long the remissions will last.
Ms. Riggs's mother, Carol Thomas, as the family of both the prisoner and the victims, had to choose between those roles and their accompanying privileges under state law.
A core group of business donors -- oil, tobacco, guns, real estate and software -- now form the financial backbone of the modern Republican Party.
''All my life I had been judged by my poise and feminity, and I wanted to show myself and the world that there was a very different side to me.
They also pointed out in their complaint that the Wongs did not create the mountain-biking site until after Morgan Stanley sued them.
A good body's length away from each other, they extended their arms and shook for the cameras.
The day is traditionally regarded in China as the birthday of Buddhism's founder, and Falun Gong followers believe that their exiled master, Li Hongzhi, left, was born on that day as well.
Although she's now far from Porcupine, the community on the Pine Ridge Reservation in South Dakota where she spent much of her childhood, the language is still part of her.
BRYNNE HAINES DAN HAINES White Plains
In this regard Michaux was right in step with postwar European contemporaries like Giacometti, Wols, Fautrier and Dubuffet, whose work also always seems to teeter between pure matter and signification.
Mr. Gore's aides have made no secret that it was his reputation as a morally upstanding man, as much as anything else, that appealed to the vice president, whose own image has been sullied somewhat by questions about improper fund-raising in the 1996 campaign.
And if we assume that Cisco's P/E is below 50 in 2005, or that its price is higher than $183, the requisite earnings growth rate will have to be even higher.
(17-11 over all, 8-8 Pac-10) ran to its locker room.
.4:12:51 12698 Simon, B, 34F .
Ms. Sproles stressed that the Human Resources Administration considered the program consistent with, not a departure from, its efforts to move people from welfare to self-sufficiency.
''Next time around, I had every intention of following him again, but in my rearview mirror I saw the 99 car dive to the bottom of the race track.
Their son, who has extensive burns on half his body, has only now begun to emerge from his bandages.
Then he mentioned one additional item.
Hang a left for Dunkirk, and you are in for at least a five-hour drive.
Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $55 and $80 (Brantley).
In 1818 Monroe commissioned a suite of 24 chairs and four sofas for the room from the Georgetown cabinetmaker William King Jr. (1771-1854), though the president never used either the furniture or the room.
By comparison, some of last year's other hot initial public offerings have received a far warmer reception.
''You can't think for yourself,'' said Mr. Labori, who arrived here in 1994.
However, Russian officials said MirCorp had not been able to raise enough money fast enough to sustain Mir.
11 overall pick in last year's N.B.A.
Yet Mr. Gore also muddied his position with mixed messages.
Mr. Chayes was one of the raft of Harvard professors who left Cambridge for Washington in 1961 to work under President John F. Kennedy.
A few minutes later, the surgeon took his pressure again and told him it was fine.
The City Department of Employment has hired a job-training company run by two former executives of Blake Business School, a trade school in the city that closed in 1997 after investigators determined it had misled students and defrauded the state.
Nearby two girls' dresses and several women's gowns show how smocking made its way into more genteel society, a process initiated by Liberty in the 1880's.
Last Thursday, he attended a considerably angrier public meeting at Hostos Community College.
After it is killed, the bird is scalded and thoroughly cleaned.
We will miss him dearly.
During the research, we just felt it was our obligation to our country & the truth to do a good a job as we could.
One of the strongest images is that of a dancer carrying another sideways, balanced on his shoulders and curled across his face.
But they said it also appeared to be slightly less beneficial to people in the bottom 60 percent of taxpayers, those with incomes under $39,000 a year.
''Construction has always been a very fragmented industry because it's so local,'' said Kent Allen, an e-commerce analyst for the Aberdeen Group, a consulting firm in Boston.
Uncle Billy, who was the model for the Hollywood director in ''The House of Blue Leaves,'' always held out the illusion that he would discover some member of the Guare family.
He then spends the night writing out the stories that he feels she needs to know if she is ever to understand exactly who she is.
Congolese rebels are backed by Uganda and Rwanda.
'' He remembers why he wasn't wanted when he was born: ''My father left me because his family said my mother was black.
James Bopp, general counsel of the National Right to Life Committee, which drafted the model law on which the Nebraska statute and many of the others were based, called the decision a ''radical expansion of the right to abortion.''
In response, the security officer, Eugene Habiger, director of the department's office of security and emergency operations, said at a news conference after the meeting, ''We have zero tolerance for racial profiling, and zero tolerance for lax security.''
In a second room, the only discernible source of light was the spectral glow emanating from another Koons sculpture, consisting of two vacuum cleaners mounted in a plexiglass box, garishly illuminated by white fluorescent bulbs.
New York's racial tensions, of course, did not begin with Mr. Giuliani.
At that point, Mr. Bush would probably have claimed Florida's 25 electors and the presidency for himself, putting the Democrats in the uncomfortable position of having to file a legal challenge to the election after it had been certified.
He can't then say that America is inhumane.
For institutions like Plum Island and Brookhaven, which are run by the federal government, it is more than a question of good neighborliness.
The rabbi, Bernard Freilich, 48, of Borough Park, was charged with witness intimidation and witness tampering last June after prosecutors presented evidence that the rabbi had gone to the woman's home in April and warned her that she would ''end up in the cemetery'' if she testified against her father.
Lobbyists and politicians in Albany are unsure whether the governor will push for his legislation, or approve the Monticello casino after the Legislature leaves Albany for the summer.
He was not, his family said, a deeply religious man.
The theater companies do not pay rent, but Show World shares in proceeds from ticket sales.
Although Mr. Zaroussi does not have known business ties here, he does own a house here and has been linked with political and business ventures here, according to Israeli news reports.
* MARC RIBOT Y LOS CUBANOS POSTIZOS, Knitting Factory, 74 Leonard Street, TriBeCa, (212) 219-3006.
On May 25 in Ft. Lauderdale, FL, at age 96.
''There was no one place to buy a bat for a small girl or a batting helmet that could accommodate a ponytail.
The Shock Wave Metal player provides 25 hours of playback on two AA batteries, and it lives up to its name with a feature that trembles for youthful attention: its headphones have a vibration unit.
His foes saw only a prima donna on an awesome ego trip, a self-involved Hamlet on the Hudson, but his eloquent speeches roused people in ways politicians seldom do anymore.
Lemieux often brings out the worst in others.
If the market value is high, the seller will reap a windfall, because it costs only $70 every two years to register rights to a domain name.
Would Mr. Rollins's art be more adventurously unpredictable if it were not tied to his educational mission?
Zenia Mucha, a senior policy adviser to Mr. Pataki, added: ''The governor very strongly supports the mayor's candidacy for the Senate and feels he is the best man to beat Hillary Rodham Clinton.
It's easier, of course, if I'm spiritually attuned to my colleagues, and that very much applies to Doris Stevenson.
On the other hand, once you get the hang of it, there is real fetishistic satisfaction in unfolding the finely machined frame -- every bar and bolt sliding silently into place -- and in breaking it down again before entering the Metropolitan Museum or your local noodle house.
She said she had 16 other dead man shirts at home, memorializing friends and family.
A survey by the college in June 1999 asked 1,004 adults if they had allergies.
But when it's Liev Schreiber who is doing the cogitation, you tend to sit up, watch closely and suddenly feel like cheering.
If you can generate some enthusiasm, make the child excited, he'll rise to the occasion.
Nonetheless, Ms. Kim said she thought that her former boyfriend preferred the medium -- lag time or no -- to face-to-face discussion.
In the Gonzalez case, it may be therapeutic for the boy to express his feelings, but his opinions should not be accorded the same weight as, say, a 14-year-old's, said Dr. Albert Solnit, professor emeritus of psychology at Yale and the outgoing mental health commissioner of Connecticut.
After all, everyone realizes that its height is just an estimate -- and that the margin of error is much greater than a quarter of an inch.
Actually, I don't know anyone who admits to stockpiling for the millennium, although it's an idea with some merit.
Just as in the pilots' program, no doctor or nurse would be held personally at fault.
On a recent Wednesday night, with members of the club on hand to coordinate events, more than 50 motorcyclists drove into the front lot, ready to inspect others' bikes and have theirs judged as well.
Jem (and Sam) By Ferdinand Mount.
Television wants the crowd on the set.
After months of burnishing his image as a new Republican with proposals for modest social programs, Gov.
Four years ago, the Westchester Board of Health banned smoking in restaurants but allowed it in pool halls and concourses at bowling alleys.
In contrast, the third section is played and danced at an astonishingly accelerated pace.
It turned out to be the winning move.
So it was no surprise that they appeared on separate networks -- she on ABC, he on NBC.
He added: ''This year, there have been a lot of changes, a lot of situations over there.
He had been vice president for business development at Callahan Creek, Lawrence, Kan. * Mike Lotito, president and chief operating officer at Initiative Media North America, New York, was named to handle the additional duties of heading a new unit, IM.com, which will specialize in online clients.
It may be a stretch to remember that Spain once ruled Flanders.
Legacy of Cray Supercomputers SRC Computers, the company that Seymour R. Cray founded just months before his death in 1996, plans this week to introduce its first machine since the death of the man known widely as the father of supercomputing.
Developing trust means going beyond e-mail exchanges: research shows, and experience confirms, that we are face-to-face animals; we gauge character through signals, like body language.
One three- to three-and-a-quarter-pound bird serves two.
The home that eventually rose from the rubble represents, Mr. Legiardi-Laura said, ''an organic evolution based on necessity and availability.''
.5:08:57 24202 Fragnier, J, 61M .
Mr. Wagner, his parents and his lawyer would identify the friend by his first name only, Christopher.
''We immediately separate ourselves from that process.''
She did not discuss the allegations themselves.
Different models for online courses have been developed, Mr. Kelly said.
''In South Brooklyn, there is this magical timeless atmosphere,'' he said.
We just have to let it go and move on.''
''The court has made no determination whether it will accept either of these cases that were filed, either the one yesterday or the one today,'' he said, adding that the judges would consider further briefs before deciding whether to hear the case.
It is now Kosova (its Albanian name); the city of Pec goes by the name of Peja; the town of Podujevo is now Podujeva.
He has also raised untold millions of dollars for Democratic candidates for the House and Senate, for mayors and governors and candidates for state legislatures.
It's a woman,'' she shrugs, applying thick makeup in her stamp-size trailer in Manhattan.
And that does not take into account 350 credit unions for farmers and fishermen.
She is touring in support of a new album, ''The Innocent Years,'' but she will be performing songs from her stand-out 1993 Christmas album ''Good News,'' including the riveting ''There's a New Kid in Town'' and ''Mary, Did You Know.''
In Yellowknife, arriving visitors often say they are surprised by the amenities offered by this territorial capital of 18,000 people.
Earlier this year, the A.M.A.
The couple wanted the sculptures to adorn a condominium they planned to build in Florida, Mr. Windsor said, but the condominium was never built.
''When my sons had no work, there was no food in the house.''
Hundreds of White House e-mail correspondences from 1996 to 1998, sought by a grand jury and congressional committees, were electronically misplaced and never turned over to investigators.
CORZINE -- Two-and-a-half billion unless we have a refundable piece for low-income Americans, which if we have the budget room, I would implement.
If they wanted to be there because they were worried about what Charles Dutton was going to do, then that's indicative of the entire shoot.''
But one of them is open, and since there are no signs warning against trespassing, Mr. Yasinsac was happy to lead a guest in for a look.
In his prayer, he thanked God for ''bringing me to this extraordinary moment in my life'' and thanked Mr. Gore ''for making this miracle possible for me and breaking this barrier for the rest of America forever.''
I couldn't bear to hear his testimony because I know he is lying.''
'' Yet some educators feel that limiting or prohibiting the giving of gifts at holiday time can rob the child of the joy of giving -- particularly those who want to surprise the teacher with a holiday package.
But the smoky, spicy enchiladas rojas and the milder enchiladas verdes at Las Manitas are Tex-Mex classics, and the scene -- the funky old lefty Austin scene -- can't be beat.
But she can do amazing things with what she calls ''extended vocal techniques,'' and in ''Porch'' she does them all.
''One would die, and that would result in the death of the other, since they're essentially a single organism,'' said Dr. Mary van der Velde, director of fetal echocardiography at Children's Hospital, who diagnosed the circulatory condition.
Lawmakers have also criticized the state's handling of the approval process for the mall, particularly a preliminary state report that concluded that the mall would ''cannibalize'' business from retailers in downtown New Haven.
The Barbara Piasecka Johnson Foundation Barbara Piasecka Johnson and her husband, J. Seward Johnson, who died in 1983, set up this foundation 26 years ago.
Chuck Knoblauch doubled with one out and Jeter unloaded a two-run home run to left-center, Jeter's first home run of the year to tie the score at 2-2.
The Canadiens (4-4-2-0) lost their five-game unbeaten streak.
The man, Mariano M. Faget, who was born in Havana and left Cuba in his teens, is a senior official in the Miami field office of the Immigration and Naturalization Service.
Thus, his ambitious plans to use the Internet in the very creation of ''Naqoyqatsi,'' recruiting collaborative media -- additional footage, for example, through an official Web site.
But Jim Dwyer of The Daily News recently pointed out that when Tip O'Neill used to tell the story, the woman lived in Boston.
Fidel's tyranny had been exposed.''
The pace is expected to accelerate, because France Telecom is also considered the front-runner to acquire Orange P.L.C., a big British cellular phone provider, which Vodafone AirTouch agreed to sell when it reached a deal to acquire Mannesmann of Germany in February.
The police used horses to disperse the crowd.
RIVALS: www.rivals.com Local sports coverage from hundreds of sources.
A second, more successful provision called for stretching gasoline supplies by adding filler chemicals to ordinary gasoline, like Hamburger Helper to ground beef.
''The big challenge in writing the screenplay was to not make this story the familiar, unimportant, popcorn-type pabulum,'' he says, sitting in the production offices of his next movie, ''Unbreakable,'' in a vacant, fairly dilapidated, ivy-overrun museum on the edge of the University of Pennsylvania campus.
The Giants could not have played much worse in falling behind, 13-0, a lead Dallas (5-10) held late into the third quarter.
The sergeant said that his superior refused, and that the criminal investigation department was then alerted.
Admitted to the Mayo Clinic, Billy Graham had two shunts implanted to drain the fluid and relieve the pressure on his brain.
Your Honor, I don't think that's what we're arguing.
What is unusual about this nascent reform movement is that in the main it comprises men who inherited their countries from Daddy.
Other officials in the Bush campaign insisted that he was still attracting thousands of donations and would have sufficient resources to compete in all the coming primaries.
This is a good kid who had a bad half-second.
''Ratcatcher,'' the brilliant directorial debut of Lynne Ramsay, is a gorgeous blend of beauty and squalor, packed with imagery that will play over and over in your head for weeks.
Menorah Home & Hospital Fred Abrams, President Paul Melinger, Board Chairman Jane Rosenthal, CEO
Ms. McGregor's Capitol Catering has made it to the final cut in the bid to furnish the inaugural lunch.
And now we are going to be friendly but there is only so far we will go.''
''I'm going to try not to let it end this way,'' Cone said.
But Mr. Saft, the real estate lawyer, warns that anything permanent might not be legal.
Remove the pan from the heat, correct seasoning and stir in the tomatoes.
House music may have started in Chicago, Mr. Delgado said, but New York is credited with forging its own version and spreading it underground.
''I have to worry about Holy Cross,'' Pointer said.
Rich Gannon's instincts were as quick as his feet.
Elian Gonzalez, the 6-year-old boy found off the Florida coast last Thanksgiving Day, returned home to Cuba last night after the Supreme Court rejected an emergency request from the child's relatives in Miami to keep him in the United States.
Directed by Peter Segal (PG-13, 105 minutes).
Testaverde, whose confidence appeared to be wilting with each drive, had another confounding start.
Under the plan, Hyundai will raise about $5.2 billion in cash through the sale of shares and real estate and through cutbacks in investment projects, and will effectively reduce the number of subsidiaries from 52 to 16 by year-end.
After a particularly difficult trip from Washington to New York June 26, marked by a one-hour delay in arrival, no air-conditioning for a similar period and outright dissembling about the delay while two other Amtrak trains were available to reach New York earlier, I wrote on July 2 detailing our problems.
But for now, the players happily pocket $125 per game and call themselves pro athletes.
Applicants must demonstrate outstanding academic achievement, a commitment to community service and perseverance in the face of significant obstacles, whether financial, physical or family related.
Adored grandfather of Harris, Gordon, Spencer and Julia.
I don't want my children to be lost.''
Under his leadership Russia will not become France.
Mr. Valme introduced her to the priest, Mr. Valme's lawyer, Jean D. Larosiliere, has said.
If your child is placed on the Minor Leagur team, why not show him that it is hard work that will allow him to move up, not a parent's intervention?
''All I was doing was fighting for my life,'' he said.
Chesnokov has helped him regain a measure of control and talked him through the two-hour rain delay that interrupted the third set today.
Though he admitted guilt, his conviction was criticized by some Russian immigrant leaders, who contended he was unjustly punished for offenses elsewhere.
Henry Morrison Flagler Museum, 1 Whitehall Way, Palm Beach, Fla. (561-655-2833) www.flagler.org ''CREATING PERFECTION: SHAKER OBJECTS AND THEIR AFFINITIES'' In this exhibition, prime examples of functional Shaker furniture from the 19th century are paired with similarly pared-down furniture and art created by artists like Robert Wilson, Sol LeWitt, Agnes Martin and Donald Judd.
In this instance, however, the question is not whether to believe a witness but how to interpret the marks or holes or scratches on an inanimate object, a piece of cardboard or paper which, it is said, might not have registered as a vote during the machine count.
We all benefit from that.''
Britain's foreign secretary, Robin Cook, said he delivered the message in talks with a delegation of three Zimbabwean ministers and made clear that Britain would ''refuse to take any further steps until the next step is taken, and that is for the occupations to come to an end.''
* ALVIN AILEY AMERICAN DANCE THEATER In what it bills as ''the intimate Ailey'' season, the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater will present new works by Dwight Rhoden, Alonzo King and Carmen de Lavallade and new productions of Ailey's ''Phases'' and his classic ''Blues Suite.''
The program, the most widely watched talk show on daytime television, is notorious for highlighting people in extraordinary, and sometimes disturbing, situations.
Some of this year's fellows, and the school administrators working with them, have complained that Mr. Levy is trying to do too much too soon, putting novices in front of classrooms without enough instructional practice and the mentors they were promised.
He signed a one-year contract with Milwaukee last month.
The charge of eccentricity has been more often directed at Mr. Sherman's performances of works from the central Classical and early Romantic repertory.
A developer has signed an agreement to renovate part of the abandoned G. Fox building, one of Hartford's best-known structures and a symbol of the city's economic plight.
Admission: $6; $4 students and those 65 and over.
''Don't let Frank Thomas beat you,'' pitchers are told.
''Every time I think about doing a restaurant, I think about the all-star chefs or the socially oriented ones, but none of them brings what Jeffrey does,'' Mr. Schrager said.
Click -- handicapping information appears on the screen for races from Australia, England, Japan and the sport's new capital, Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Isabelle Stevenson, a former dancer and president of the wing from 1966 to 1998, wanted to keep the idea of theatrical education alive, and developed the wing's ''Working in the Theater'' seminars, which continue today, along with other programs involving the theater.
What would happen if the NATO force left now?
Such a deal Capitol Broadcasting had for the candidates for governor, lieutenant governor and attorney general in North Carolina.
''It was a miracle that such a small and young shepherd could defeat Goliath in battle,'' Professor Berginer said.
No immediate family members survive.
The State of Louisiana agreed in Federal District Court in Baton Rouge yesterday to sweeping changes in the way it runs its juvenile prisons, including steps to protect inmates from abusive guards and promises to provide medical, dental and mental health care.
Battalion Chief Vincent Kuhn, a 25-year veteran, said that conditions were close to impossible.
Tally Last Week in Connecticut, New Jersey and New York.
Backers of the measure passed today contended that the provision no longer made sense because some products could become obsolete during the six-month period.
But of the six discounters started in Canada in the last 20 years, only WestJet still flies.
But there's an added fillip when works from around home are presented locally with an eclat that declares their importance.
He adds: ''So it tried to be a book, but people kept wanting to talk.''
Besides, in this realm of convenient, plot-resolving miracles, heaven can triumph with no competition from hell.
She graduated magna cum laude from Amherst College.
Back in 1927, a white plantation owner had given the city a bronze statue of a slave tipping his hat and bowing his head in greeting.
Beloved wife of the late Adolph Reisner.
''But this increasing digitalization is also making it easier to find cheaters out.''
That may be where yesterday's Security Council debate makes its most lasting contribution.
''The idea that all the rank and file is just fine with this is just a bunch of malarkey,'' Mr. Alexander said.
The problem in suburbia is that choice is limited, Mr. Lorenzo said.
Mr. Levy, who is on leave from his job as a Citigroup executive, would not comment.
SLAP SHOTS The Devils scratched forwards JIM McKENZIE and ED WARD, both newcomers, and defenseman SASCHA GOC.
Some enlightened beings have reincarnated into more than one body, and the Shamarpa has been willing to allow that one Karmapa could reign within the strictures of Communist China while the other held sway in India.
Both laid claim to the Reform Party name.
The only thing required is that people learn how to look after their dogs.''
.6:00:15 27784 Mochizuki, H, 31M .
John Steinberg, president of the Pyrotechnics Guild International, said the industry is ''very highly regulated'' and, ''Fireworks made in or imported into the U.S.A. must exclude harmful chemicals.''
And neither father nor son is shy about reaching out to the other.
Employees fret about their compensation, job security and where to focus their effort.
Why would throngs of fashionably dressed young people wait in line on the sidewalk to eat at a restaurant whose modest ambitions and spartan surroundings can be inferred from its name: Hudson Cafeteria?
''For the next six months, Al Gore is going to smear you as the enemy,'' Mr. Baker told N.R.A.
And I thought, 'My goodness, nothing has changed.'
Meanwhile, the Panthers are making their usual late-season run.
They overcame the awful start and gave themselves a chance to make the playoffs, and now have folded with the pressure on.
.5:31:55 26286 Whelan, P, 52M .
I'm sure I'm not the only one whose first impressions of early 1970's cinema were not ''The Godfather'' and ''The French Connection'' but ''The Oddfather'' and ''What's the Connection?''
There are other quirks, some of which may be resolved as administrators recognize them.
In a New York restaurant scene defined by cozy neighborhood joints and imposing temples of haute cuisine, Cafe Nicholson stood alone and apart, a theme restaurant whose only theme was its owner's idiosyncratic style.
''I knew he was a good defensive player, and I thought he would, you know, let up at some point.
By the time the Atlanta Games opened, Home Depot had more than 90 American athletes on its payroll.
All over the course today, players had a birdie feast, and P.G.A.
This isn't the first rose in her honor -- in fact, a Jackson & Perkins rose and a dahlia from Spring Hill Nurseries are already bearing her name, and earning contributions to the Diana, Princess of Wales Memorial Fund -- but the bush named England's Rose is a fine crossbreeding of American ambition and English taste.
Advocates of a roadbuilding ban have clashed with loggers, state officials, advocates of off-road vehicles and others who contend that a halt to new roads would squander a vital resource.
Europe's largest phone company, Deutsche Telekom, which failed in a bid to buy Telecom Italia last year, said it still saw logic in acquiring the company, Italy's largest phone concern.
That's not entertainment to me.
In every small town, there is a vegetable garden that people go out of the way to walk past.
Many of East Timor's brightest and most talented people, like Mr. Gusmao himself, spent the past decades fighting in the hills, in prison or in exile.
Bilingual education's value for such immigrants, of course, is not a reason to keep the program when it is poorly run, with children not moved to English as soon as they are ready.
''Welcome to the free-agent nation,'' declares Tom Peters, one of the world's best-known management gurus.
Union Dance Company turned to Doug Elkins, a white American choreographer, whose well-known fusion of modern dance and hip-hop influences was evident in ''Bright Flames in Dark Waters.''
The Saints had plenty of defense to earn their sixth straight victory.
A1 HOUSE & HOME F1-16 OBITUARIES C21 ARTS E1-8 Through a Daughter's Eyes Margaret Salinger's book ''Dream Catcher,'' due out next week, reveals not only her own life but previously unknown and deeply intimate aspects of the life of her famously private father, J. D. Salinger.
The county, in return, must cut its budget by $50 million this year and $70 million in each of the following three years.
Still others talked of how unhappy they were with both men, when what they really seemed to be saying was that they were prepared to hold out, hoping the candidates would tailor positions just for them.
The numbers left me reeling.
CHARITY: See, if you get all crazy, then I gotta write up a report and I'm here till 6, 6:30 easy, and I have a second job to get to .
''Everybody's playing much better since the first game,'' Cook said.
Following the game, it was announced that Mullaney was retiring, and the capacity crowd of 19,591 gave the coach a standing ovation as he reluctantly walked to midcourt for a brief ceremony.
Amid the house music and velour, he admits he feels ''lucky to have the space thing right now'' because it's ''kind of important and challenging,'' and it saves him from ''all the pretentious bull that rich people get involved in,'' and from ''flying around on the plane, getting very depressed.''
The Suffolk County native decided to recruit votes for a hard-charging conservative from Texas named Tom DeLay.
The telecast will appear instead on MSG, which is owned by Cablevision, which is controlled by Charles and James Dolan.
Whether that comes to pass or not, faculty members say New Jersey is nothing if not good material: court-ordered school finance and housing plans, urban decay and suburban sprawl, tax problems, a roaring new economy and 566 municipalities trying to govern.
''Indie-wood,'' they call it, or ''Biz-dance.''
His epic ''Aeneid'' -- named for Aeneas, son of Aphrodite by the Trojan Anchises, whose beauty was said to rival the gods' -- traces its hero's odyssey from burning Troy to Italy, where, after ferocious battles with the indigenous population (a kind of Latin ''Iliad''), he is destined to found Rome: a second Troy.
''Napoleon'' charts the major events of his personal life, including the annulment of his marriage to the 46-year-old Josephine and remarriage to the young Archduchess Marie Louise of Austria, who gave him a son and briefly a dynasty.
Each is hindered by a sore knee.
On the next upwind leg, America One suffered a halyard problem that left it unable to properly hoist and trim its headsail.
''Al Gore and Joe Lieberman are now reviewing the 5-4 decision issued tonight by the Supreme Court of the United States,'' Mr. Daley's statement said.
Today, a wrought-iron sign next to the front door lists only the year that the mansion was built.
(AP) NEW BRUNSWICK: SCHOOL STABBING A 14-year-old on probation for assault was charged with stabbing a fellow student in the back with a knife on Friday at Avenel Middle School.
''They have no other way out.''
The problem is, I blew him away in two rounds.
ROSENSWEIG-Benedict R. Beloved husband of Hilda.
Reviving an analysis that had fallen into disuse since the New Deal, the appeals court said that by failing to give the agency meaningful limits on the setting of standards, Congress had delegated too much legislative authority to the executive branch.
Moreover, Mr. Wright said that officials were wary of seeking future federal assistance that would eventually require them to pick up the tab.
These may be trivial footnotes to the grand enterprise of the practice of medicine, but they are still the cogs that move the whole business along, and all thanks to anything that can speed them up a bit.
''DO people think I'm a media hound?
Now they always want to make me a goofball.''
When in its final scenes the movie desperately tries to churn up some of the celestial schmaltz of ''Titanic,'' it is too little too late and feels obligatory despite the abundance of heart and chemistry that Mark Wahlberg and Diane Lane bring to their roles of a wildly-in-love young couple.
ordered the telephone and cable giant to sell its interest in Time Warner Entertainment after concluding that AT&T had been trying to wriggle out of a commitment it made to win government approval of its acquisition of MediaOne.
made the pivotal error that misdirected the bombs, military commanders failed to review the agency's target selection adequately.
''We used to call on a monthly basis, and I used to constantly ask for help, asking, 'Tell me where he's hanging out, who he's going out with, who he's dating,' '' the detective said.
With Longley out for three to six weeks with a bruised right knee, Camby and Kurt Thomas are the viable starters at center, and Thomas said today that the 6-foot-11-inch Camby is the better suited of the two to play in the middle.
She believed in our business and its future from the very beginning.
Breakfast was puffed rice cereal bought in bulk.
Many analysts expect Mr. Immelt to prevail, but they say that the Honeywell merger makes it less likely that the also-rans will leave the company.
commander and three suspected accomplices who died on Monday when the car in which they were carrying explosives blew up.]
So Mr. Putin sought to paint a brighter picture today, reassuring voters on a state-owned radio station that Russia had broken the back of the rebel resistance.
Now, of course we all know that the biggest choice that the American people have to make this year is in the presidential race.
His mother is a former substitute elementary school teacher who worked in the public schools in Upper St. Clair.
This could be accomplished best by linking CBS assets, like its television network, its Infinity Broadcasting radio stations and its outdoor advertising business, with those of Viacom, like the cable channels Nickelodeon, MTV and VH-1.
''The suffering that I have is not just because I see his room empty,'' Mr. Gonzalez said in an hourlong interview this afternoon at the offices of the Cuban National Assembly, which has taken the lead in Cuba's fight to bring the boy home and arranged the interview.
The remaining $150 million would be spent on about 30 school districts, beginning with 10 in Washington State.
Even if there isn't a strike, ABC controls a show that it can use to fill almost any half-hour hole in its schedule.
Sister of John J. Hodgins & Anne Carlin.
The players felt they had blown their cover.
The United States has tried before to eliminate syphilis, but never reached the near-total success of European countries -- in part, experts say, because the efforts failed to reach the poor areas most affected.
And here is the team the Knicks may face in the first round of the playoffs.
The other, Viktor Baldin, who was also a member of an engineering brigade who had trained as an architect, had confiscated 362 paintings when he too saw how they were being treated by Russian soldiers.
But the state's primary, scheduled for April 4, holds little interest for either side now because both Mr. Gore and Mr. Bush have already secured their parties' nominations.
His menagerie is now reduced to two dogs.
The government is not allowing reporters into the north.
''There's a left-handed pitcher tomorrow.
New contracts generated revenue of $46 million in the second quarter.
MONDAY None TUESDAY None WEDNESDAY U.S.
Partly because he was short of money, Mr. Naipaul did not return home for the funeral.
Ann Richards when she lost her 1994 re-election bid to Mr. Bush.
The administration hopes that both leaders will at least agree to come to Washington for separate talks.
But even people who have no intention of buying a BMW at Competition & Sports Cars Ltd. in Greenwich, Conn., may be stopping by for a look -- a look at the building.
Mr. Bart said that last week he hired four new staff members and planned to hire 20 more this year.
Yesterday he pleaded guilty to one count of enterprise corruption for rigging bids and accepting kickbacks in two building complexes in Manhattan and Brooklyn.
Oracle shares closed today at $68.625, down $2, on Nasdaq.
As a former Nationalist leader, Mr. Soong, 57, faces questions about his sincerity, but he knows at first hand about the advantages the party derives from its extensive business holdings and its control over government personnel, money and legal powers.
Nevertheless they always appeared to sense each other's presence.
It is so difficult after trying to save a patient, to preserve life, then to change course.''
Even so, it stops short in many areas.
Ms. Wachner is spending a lot of time trying to turn around the juniors business and has pinned hopes on reviving growth through recently acquired brands like ABS by Allen B. Schwartz and Speedo.
Widely admired by conservatives, Ms. Keegan would be on a short list for secretary of education in any Republican administration.
The models accumulated until the government ran out of storage space and abandoned the requirement.
He knew he wanted to own a baseball team, and he wanted to do politics,'' she said.
In an emergency appeal, the Clinton administration asked a federal appeals court today to set aside a judge's finding that President Clinton illegally released letters from Kathleen Willey, who accused him of making a sexual advance.
The program ensured minority-owned companies that they would have a shot at getting a piece of city contracts.
But the sovereign immunity defense, while strong, is not ironclad, and the case has been appealed.
Rob Manfred, baseball's chief labor executive, called it a basic first meeting, but added that the two sides had a very positive exchange.
To the Editor: The Queens outbreak of the West Nile virus and events like it are portents of what could happen on a grand scale unless we take a more comprehensive approach to disease control (news article, March 21).
He gave up two runs and five hits, with no walks and three strikeouts.
They're prepared for the worst.
The coat rack, in this factory-turned-studio, is an eight-foot-high Pinocchio.
Hot weather in the spring and early summer sent power prices surging as well.
A graduate of Peekskill Military Academy and Rutgers University, he was a standout athlete throughout his school years.
The Roundtable could just as well have said ''nearly all Americans reject tests as the main basis for promotion.''
The sun heats a mountain chain averaging 8,000 feet in elevation much more than it heats the low-lying plains, and the mountains in turn heat the air.
A case in point: a doctor at a pediatric clinic told the mother of an aggressive, hyperactive preschool-age boy that her deficient parenting skills were to blame.
But the issues have unfortunately been overshadowed by Mr. Corzine's extravagant personal spending on television ads and his blatant use of money to secure political endorsements.
In another study done by Dr. Nass and his colleagues, students were tutored in technical subjects both by a computer with a male voice and by one with a female voice.
His technique is varied, and it, in a way, parallels the layers of interests that surround him.
What must it be like to be always at the mercy of others, even for the simplest things?
Camby majored in education before entering the N.B.A.
Vanco charges 25 cents for each church member who participates, an amount covered by Lutheran Brotherhood.
''My home sweet home,'' Mr. Riza said, laughing.
The river was closed to traffic from the accident site to near the mouth of the river as contractors cleaned up the spill.
''It is absolutely the worst.
The few insurers that specialize in e-commerce often request that clients not discuss specifics of the policies, which were developed over the last couple of years, for fear of inviting attacks.
First of all, the diplomatic and military services should invest heavily in intelligence, preferably the kind using real eyes and ears, which can infiltrate terrorist groups and snitch.
''First, the under-reporting of the mandated stops shows that N.Y.P.D.
After order was restored, Tre Johnson continued to flail his arms toward the Detroit players.
But this is what their swagger sometimes begets, this is the other half of showing up your opponent.
He has repeatedly displayed a stubborn inclination to master technical issues in his own way, and in a highly personal speech recently he told of Internet searches with dictionaries at his side as he looked for information that might help him formulate his country's AIDS policies.
He thought it probably was the echo of the hotel's home-awayfrom-home past that accounted for its soul.
One of these is the widely acclaimed museum that he built in Houston in the mid-1980's for the art patron Dominique de Menil, to house the Menil Collection.
''I have worked with kids here for seven years.
''Partial-birth abortion'' is the term opponents of abortion use to describe one of several methods doctors use to terminate pregnancies after about 16 weeks.
At powwows, where drumming has long been an almost exclusively male activity, the Mankillers, a California troupe consisting of Indian women, is beating its own rhythms.
You can also take the QNS&L train to Labrador City, with departures three times a week in summer.
A review on Sept. 24 about ''The Moral Obligation to Be Intelligent: Selected Essays,'' by Lionel Trilling, cited a Henry James work erroneously among those about which Trilling has written.
Joseph S. Kaplan, President Alan B. Siskind, Ph.D., Executive Vice President Paul Levine, CSW, Associate Executive Vice Pres.
Ah, but you must, this fish tastes like, well, almost like butter.''
.3:04:10 825 Artiga, D, 40M .
Those who stay in one of the Peninsula Beverly Hills's top suites get a third key -- to a new Audi A8.
The gay community held gay organizations accountable, gay leaders accountable, gay businesses accountable and gay media accountable.
Born January 6, 1927 Brooklyn, NY.
president, frequently complains in speeches that the economic boom under Mr. Clinton has left millions of hard-working Americans behind and that corporate chieftains have rewarded themselves richly while downsizing their work forces and clamping down on wages.
Professor Rakove can debate this letter of Madison's as much as it pleases him, but in fact the framers' public statements in support of gun ownership are numerous and well documented.
Over their first 28 games, the Rangers were an unfathomable 9 for 112 on the power play, an 8 percent success rate, easily the worst in the 28-team league.
He looked for and hit the open man with passes, though on occasion he forced a pass.
The Clinton administration's explanation for this behavior is that Mr. Gonzalez is an ordinary, apolitical man who simply longs to be reunited with his son.
Eternal union of fraternal peoples, Common wisdom given by our forebears, Be glorious, our country!
''It's the 'in vogue' thing to do now in our community,'' said Laya Leshkowitz of N'Shei Cares.
Reposing Scotto Funeral Home, 106 1st Place (near Court St.), Brooklyn, until Thursday.
The festival, through Sunday, begins at 8 tomorrow night with ''Old Ironsides'' (1926) and includes ''Behind the Door'' (1919), with Wallace Beery as an evil German submarine captain, and ''The Poor Little Rich Girl'' (1917), starring Mary Pickford as a neglected 11-year-old.
That road map foresees resolution of electoral disputes by state courts.
''We're still trying to sign him, but we're sort of stalled at this point,'' Allard Baird, the Royals' general manager, said.
New England is still catching up with Northern California, but ''10 years ago, garlic got very popular,'' said Mr. Bishop, 57, a former aerospace engineer who dedicates three acres of his Susquehanna Valley farm near the Pennsylvania line to garlic.
They rose as high as $28.38 after the release, then dropped back to $27.25.
From the start of the trial -- and during a previous trial that ended in June -- federal prosecutors have argued that Mr. Schwarz pinned Mr. Louima to the floor of the bathroom while Mr. Volpe rammed a broken stick up Mr. Louima's rectum.
Ms. Basinger's spaced-out baby-doll Kuki and Mr. Perez's petulant husband render this conservation-minded couple remote and vaguely unsympathetic.
TENNECO AUTOMOTIVE INC., -- Lake Forest, Ill., the largest maker of exhaust systems in the world, said it had agreed to work with the Futaba Industrial Co. of Japan, to produce mufflers and related parts for automakers in Japan.
The fair is a relic of the days before e-mail, fax machines and Federal Express, when publishers saved up books all year to take with them to Frankfurt.
Voters here -- many of them white, Roman Catholic, blue-collar and socially conservative -- represent one of Mr. Gore's greatest challenges.
In lieu of butter, cream cheese with chives was placed on the table, and the breadbasket was constantly replenished.
The eight states -- which include California, Idaho, Illinois, Maine, Minnesota and Missouri -- sued after months of talks between state officials and company executives, which began as early as last November, failed to produce an agreement, Mr. Blumenthal said.
There's something reassuring about its presence, an implied promise that even if the plot may sprawl and digress you'll be able to follow the proceedings by keeping your forefinger tucked into that opening page, flipping back at any time to regain your bearings.
People here are asking those questions.
''So it's not like I'm losing out to a guy who didn't deserve to make it.
People talk about Madison Square Park as though it were an elegant lady with awful taste in jewelry.
If the audience gets any sense of him, it is entirely through the emotions of the woman; the play is about her, not about death.
Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, about 1 minute more.
2 supplier of ammunition to the United States military, said it hired an adviser, Quarterdeck Investment Partners Inc., Los Angeles, to study its options for a division that makes electronics for in-flight communications and entertainment.
After brain surgery, Mr. Scott was paralyzed.
Also on the program is a major work of the 1900's, the Shostakovich Cello Concerto, with Yosif Feigelson as soloist, and a classic from 1761, Haydn's Seventh Symphony, subtitled ''Noon'' (No.
''I'm trying to get him off right away just to get him going,'' Marbury said.
Along the way, I saw five honey-colored husks fastened hard to the sandstone walls, shucked off by locustlike insects already on their way to whatever comes next.
Today that herd is more than triple the size it was then.
Cafe Tacuba, a band from Mexico City, has surreal transformations on its mind.
Home again in the Creuse, the native son, born in a stone cottage built by his father and grandfather, moved into a Renaissance chateau and served as prefect, France's highest departmental post.
And may I ask Mr. Ratliff what he thinks jazz actually is, if not those few precious exploding moments?
''The building was quite a bit stronger than when we previously tested it.''
Its more recent rebirth as a center of art and tourism prefigured the transformation now taking place in cities throughout the post-industrial world.
Mr. Bibb, at least, had a strategy.
A certain self-consciousness has necessarily crept in as Mr. Fagan's ad hoc choreography became a style.
Investigators are pressing to find out more about the role of Mr. Slahi, whom one law enforcement official described as ''potentially the most significant person'' discovered thus far in the case.
But he has not agreed to help immigration officials, even if he loses his appeal for custody, by delivering the boy to them in a neutral place.
When he found the man to be basically ''a good and decent'' person, he said, ''I realized that not only could I do the work, but it was something I would like doing.''
''Where our clients are pushing us is more to Peter's model,'' he added, ''powerful creative that drives results immediately.''
In terms of action, nothing much takes place for the first 10 minutes.
I wish that there was no such thing as being popular, and that everybody was equal with friends.
With the season only a quarter over, 58 grand slams have already been hit.
Mr Karasu added that Hotjobs.com, which advertised during the last two Super Bowls, was ''considering'' buying time during Super Bowl XXXV in January 2001.
''Even when I was a little boy I liked to dress up.''
Mike Modano scored and Brendan Morrow added a goal and an assist for the Stars, who won for the sixth time in seven games and snapped the Coyotes' five-game home winning streak.
It closed after a fire in 1995 and now has a totally new look.
''Why is it that people always represent us as some kind of loonies?''
''The trades were a great boost to them.''
Before -- All of the funds offered in this Prospectus seek capital growth by investing in securities, primarily common stocks, that meet certain fundamental and technical standards of selection (relating primarily to earnings and revenue acceleration) and have, in the opinion of the funds manager, better-than-average potential for appreciation.
That in itself could drive teenagers to violence.
''We were just trying to break down the stigma,'' she said.
Thomas Bjorn was another stroke back after a 64.
''I tell my kids, 'Do not, on pain of torture, tell your high school counselor you're seeing me,' '' said Michele Hernandez, a Florida-based counselor who has had Westchester clients.
They asked tonight to hear part of that testimony again.
In general, Southern states have given free rein to logging on private land, in contrast to the West, where state regulations are stricter and where the abundance of federally owned forests means that cutting must meet tight federal guidelines.
''It's still not enough room, but we're willing to compromise,'' Mr. Tolisman said.
''The use of force is one of the few catharses there is, and the more I did the job, the more I longed for a use of force.''
By the time the drivers finish answering all the questions they will be dead.''
CLINTON -- Well, I have spoken out for quite some time, even before this race, on my belief that we should have drug courts that would serve as alternatives to the traditional criminal justice system for low-level offenders, for users.
Earlier, Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khameini warned in a letter read on state television that the case, if left unsolved, could intensify a growing rift in Iranian society.
For weeks, the governor and the leaders have been divided on one fundamental matter: how much money the state will need to spend in the coming fiscal year.
When you haven't played, it takes a while to get your timing.''
Part of the alternative-country crowd that doesn't get much respect from Nashville, Robbie Fulks is an insurgent singer-songwriter who bites the hand that feeds him.
''That was just a mess-up from the staff here,'' the right-hander said today, laughing.
Nowhere was there an extravaganza to match ''The Twelve Dreams of the Sun,'' a three-hour song cycle staged as an opera, with more than 1,000 musicians, dancers and singers and based on an ancient Egyptian myth about the daily dusk-to-dawn journey of the sun and the gifts it bestows on humanity during its passage: time, protection, wisdom, eternity, fidelity, memory, courage, space, innocence, celebration, purity and freedom.
''If every station came back to us tomorrow and said.
He argued that his punishment was not authorized by the league's union agreement and accused N.B.A.
The union has not been specific about the size of a raise it seeks, but the teachers often look to Yonkers as an example.
But the competition for funding and prestige among major laboratories being what it is, she said, the CERN managers could not help taking into account their rivals at Fermilab in deciding what route to take.
And it wouldn't have to be just a man choosing a woman.
Since then I have visited many ancient cities, but never with the overpowering sense of the passage of time and the insignificance of man that I experienced in the middle of that plain when I first saw the faint outlines that had been streets and buildings in a great city.
He then added, ''I don't know enough about politics to say whether, yes, he's right, yes, he's wrong -- I just don't know -- but I found him as a communicator very effective.''
Mr. Thomas, a veteran helicopter pilot, used a specially designed net to encircle a cloud of fish called trevally.
The foundation's executive director, Peter Jones, said college campuses are especially friendly territory for today's songwriters.
Nationwide, about 1,700 charter schools have been established in 36 states since Minnesota passed charter legislation in 1991, followed by California a year later.
Look for the pecan-diamond petits fours -- perfect caramel bundles -- before your dessert arrives.
''We've started to run KBKids as a real business,'' Mr. Glazer said.
No, that's not a typo: we are giving away ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS!
Outside the apartment afterward, Mr. Bloomberg told reporters, ''You know, you look at these people up there, this is the highlight of their day to get a meal.''
My New Wave phase followed: head shaved on the sides, dyed orange hair forced skyward with gel and diluted glue.
''I keep golf shoes in my office,'' Dr. Simon said, as he lined up a putt.
''We have long been in the forefront in the fight for aiding the handicapped,'' he said.
Already Jones has lost four times in the event this season.
Also, the police had altered the entrance way to get at the crop, which would have tipped off the grower, they said.
A coy, cartoony rendition of the nursery rhyme, it shows the merry king on his throne, serenaded by his fiddlers three and attendants bearing pipe and bowl.
He said he and his wife had failed to get their child into the nursery school they wanted last year, and they wanted to make sure they got him into the right kindergarten.
Moceanu, competing with a sprained ankle, was in eighth place.
Instead of offering a glib governmental panacea to curb Hollywood excesses, Mr. Bush warned that Washington schemes to govern cultural content, ''no matter how well intended or well funded, are simply no match'' for parental supervision.
I'm not going to sit here and give dates or anything like that.
If the movie ''The Insider'' made anything clear about Jeffrey S. Wigand, it is this: Trying to shut him up is futile, and is only liable to make him talk more about tobacco companies.
I usually order mine from Johnny's Selected Seeds (207-437-4301), which is also plugging a beet called Red Ace.
Those who were there on this occasion included Petr Kotik on flute, Joseph Kubera on keyboards and Chris Nappi on percussion, all of the S.E.M.
With the new accouterments, it is a pleasant place to visit.
For the last decade, Pathmark has sought to expand its established presence in low-income neighborhoods, where other chains declined to venture.
He said he hoped to continue his campaign for United States Senate, but would not make any definite decisions about the race until he had settled on a course of treatment.
As a young priest, he spent a mere year in a parish before he was plucked to serve as an assistant to the cardinal of Chicago.
Most New Jersey Transit buses will operate on a holiday schedule, but some will operate on a Saturday or Sunday schedule.
By using a wide range of public venues, the organizers hope to bridge the gap.
Mr. Espada's supporters have waged a political campaign of sorts against the Bronx district attorney, Robert T. Johnson, saying he kowtows to the political agenda of the Bronx Democratic Party.
Ewing misses a clutch free throw.
Seven years ago he published ''Ulverton,'' a series of stories set in a made-up village in England's West Country.
Put aside, as much as possible, the grim death that has boxed Salomon, like Anne Frank, into the eye-glazing, inviolate category of Holocaust artist, a disservice to her, distorting the real message of her work.
His questioners usually try to go for his strong suit, the cerebral.
If you are a lover of serial killer mysteries, at the heart of that mystery is this idea of the contest.
Ms. Saja, 27, recently lost her job at Orientation.com, a portal site.
Great grandfather of Devante and Ashley.
Nobody has won eight times in one L.P.G.A.
An overwhelming majority of Americans think that creationism should be taught along with Darwin's theory of evolution in the public schools, according to a new national survey.
He is sipping cappuccino, reading a book on architecture, and smoking.
''Frankly, we're amazed now at the breadth of categories,'' Mr. Goldman said.
's third pitcher, had scant control as the A.L.
''American Pastoral'' was followed by ''I Married a Communist'' (1998), which sometimes seemed cripplingly awash in unwarranted -- and therefore sentimental -- emotion.
But property values have appreciated much faster in wealthier, mostly white areas than they have in poorer areas with largely minority populations.
Commercial greenhouse growers have found these types of fertilizer a tremendous help knowing they can be applied to pots of plants and know that the plant will have good nutrition after they are sold.
Two people were slightly injured as a result of the accident.
Sex was to me what sleep was to a narcoleptic.
Mr. Bush is picking up, of course, from the legacy of Ronald Reagan, who was determined to bench government as long as he could.
Mr. Corzine used to be famous for his munificent federal campaign contributions.
7 7 IRRESISTIBLE FORCES, by Danielle Steel.
Several years ago, he worked briefly as an independent contractor in Missouri for a power company based in Florida, while his family remained at their home in Michigan.
The wife (here called Belle Prokoff) also survives to fiercely guard the legend of the great man (here named Clay Madden), to say nothing of his hugely valuable and avidly sought-after estate.
''You know why I left homicide?''
Yoo Jae Ui, a plaintiff in the lawsuit, told local media that after arriving at Seoul's Kimpo airport, six intelligence agents took him to a government building where they interrogated him for four days and beat him with clubs when he failed to answer questions or resisted.
Once, long ago, they might have found a comfortable berth at Snug Harbor, a retirement community for seafarers on Staten Island.
It is striking that while there are usually a few black or multiracial children in the school's white groups, whites rarely enter the black groups.
Before that, he said: ''A boy could quit school at a young age and make a good living.
The future should belong to everyone in this land.
The 24-year-old Computer Associates, a $6.3 billion global corporation with offices in more than 40 countries, has already demonstrated its reluctance to relocate talent from other areas.
They also had 22 steals, 5 by Jackson.
The president, he said, ''seemed to be having a great time.''
George W. Bush's victory in Florida.
Dinner about $180; lunch the same, or there is a set menu at $33 to $38 a person.
Especially if you are a Republican in a Democratic state.
11, Woods finished at even par 72, tied for 45th place, seven strokes off the lead, and well off his game.
But in ''Life So Far,'' Betty Friedan's lies to herself remain unnamed and fearsome.
These plants carry on with bloom and growth all during the winter months.
''We think that this submission represents a significant first step,'' the company said.
It may take a while, but one day not too far off, clicking on zinfandel and waiting for the Federal Express delivery will be an essential part of the wine experience.
37 Highway 35 North, Tower Shopping Center, Eatontown.
LIKE many of Italy's trattorias, Gina Marie's is a tiny neighborhood place here.
That the world's most infectious computer virus to date could have such origins illustrates how the Internet's global sprawl has left the network vulnerable to disruption from even its most remote technological backwaters.