I eventually stopped working and struck up a conversation with her.
His second, “The Egyptologist,” set mostly in Egypt in the 1920s, had two unreliable narrators and was plotted with one devilishly clever reversal and switchback after another.
“I’m dedicated to the fans,” he said, dismissing the idea that he owes Galaxy ticket holders an apology for missing so many of the team’s games.
SOMETIMES the street still beckons.
Refusing to forsake the role of Pyramus, Bottom turns his death scene into a three-act tragedy — and a martial arts display too.
American has been waiting more than a year for federal approval of a proposed flight-sharing deal with British Airways and the Spanish airline Iberia.
And at this time of year, harvest time, Leo is outdoors working 16 hours a day.
Loving life partner to Ann Sedrish.
Browse creatively, they advised, and consider using unexpected products like knurled industrial pulls ($4.86 each) as hangers for art and mirrors.
Millions of hard-working families are counting on us to get this right.
These are the deceptively simple questions Esther Sternberg tries to answer in “Healing Spaces,” an exploration of environmental influences over the brain, the body and (all due respect to your new living situation, but there are more important issues at hand) the course of mental and physical disease.
Why did you kill Cambodian people?
And systems for gathering such data by mining hospital or insurance industry records are also very limited.
Friends and colleagues agree that it is not a taste for luxuries that has caused Ms. Leibovitz’s financial difficulties.
A voice cockpit recorder showed that the two pilots discussed a range of subjects unrelated to the landing in the moments leading to the crash While the safety board will not issue a final report on the crash for months, it might reiterate a recommendation it made after a crash in 2002 that took the life of Senator Paul Wellstone of Minnesota, who was flying in a smaller twin-engine turboprop.
CAMPBELL--John P. The partners of Curtis, Mallet-Prevost, Colt & Mosle LLP regret the passing of John P. Campbell, their partner and counsel for many years.
Angel McCoughtry scored 35 points, including 7 in the second overtime, and No.
Roberts, a wealthy 24-year-old, was the one who decided to keep the festival going after it became clear that the ticket booths had gotten stuck in traffic and the fences around the site had been pulled down, turning the organizers’ great business venture into a free concert.
She wanted to do it, and Bondy wanted to do it too.
But Mr. Madoff turned angry — “veins were popping out of his neck,” an investigator said — when asked to produce certain documents, and he tried to dictate what paperwork he would yield.
Mr. Diaz de la Portilla said nothing in the legislation was intended to benefit “any particular political party.” But voting rights groups were critical of the legislation, as were Democratic lawmakers.
They chat easily in broken English and can assess a copy’s quality in seconds; the best, rated “super-A,” are almost indistinguishable from genuine products.
But the Wildcat sure did not help.
But most of them didn’t use the brow camouflage, Ms. Hall said.
It’s the penguin equivalent of a mosh pit.
“I dreamed once of seeing my designs in brick and stone,” McLaughlin told the Yale Alumni Magazine in 2007.
“That’s overrated — we played a lot of games without Bob Sanders,” Dungy said of the Colts’ often-injured safety.
They came slowly down the hill and looked at me sitting under the blue trees, shyly they stepped closer and stared from under their thick lashes ...
''The scandal of bank bonuses is only the tip of the iceberg,'' John Monks, the general secretary of the European Trade Union Confederation, said Wednesday.
His wife, from whom he has been since divorced, left with his son for the United States.
used one session to guide its strategy for investing in new growth fields, starting in 2006.
“And none are actors; most of them never saw a camera.” Hope Azeeda, the Rwandan casting director who had worked on Kevin MacDonald’s “Last King of Scotland,” about the Ugandan dictator Idi Amin, was a key partner, suggesting actors from that film: Abby Mukibi Nkaaga, who plays the rebel leader, and Andrew Kintu.
The women Greenwich wrote about were dizzily (and sometimes dangerously) in love, but they weren’t doormats.
Later that day, Arthur Mgqweto, a math teacher, strode into the classroom, jauntily wearing a township take on the fedora called a square.
I didn’t want to make a film for fashion specialists but a film about her personality, her loves, her determination.” Ms. Tautou said Ms. Fontaine had persuaded her that Chanel’s early years offered the most dramatic promise.
Thus Vincent Astor was just one of many owners when he died at age 67 at 120 East End in 1959.
He was 72 and lived in Tucson, Arizona.
A divorced mother and on-and-off patient, Ms. Krust said she had not needed therapy for months until, with layoffs affecting her technology firm's clients and fellow hockey moms, she felt ''out of control'' and ''started to forget things.''
Comedy HARTFORD Hartford Stage “THWAK!” physical comedy, starring the Umbilical Brothers.
In 2003, the Ravens traded their second-round pick and a future first-rounder to get quarterback Kyle Boller, who never became the franchise quarterback.
Mr. Angelides was selected to the panel by the House speaker, Nancy Pelosi of California.
I was the only person in my accelerated English class who wasn’t an English major.
Mr. Assante, a solid, hard-working actor with scores of roles on his résumé, inflects Jones’s crisp, authoritative martial gestures with hints of inner complication.
Nighttime activities come at family-friendly prices — most theater and sports tickets sell for less than $50.
said that 7,500 taxpayers from dozens of banks, including UBS, had come forward as the Oct. 15 disclosure deadline approached, agreeing to repatriate the assets and pay back taxes and interest as well as reduced penalties.
THE NEWS Commercial alligator farming, a thriving industry as recently as 2008, has contracted sharply this year amid steep falls in the prices tanneries pay farmers for alligator skins.
Whether you agree with many of these Wagnerians that the “Ring” is the greatest work of art ever, or think the cycle and its creator are the apotheosis of overwrought Romanticism or anti-Semitism, you’re hard-pressed not to be revved up by all the passion.
Taylor said he was able to keep a foot in different cultures.
Mr. Donohue, the inspector general, cited numerous examples of organized fraud in testimony to Congress earlier this year.
He has sent private assurances, several activists have said, that he intends to do more in coming years.
Reflecting rules changes instituted by Senate Democrats this year, the legislation is the first in recent memory to have a member of the minority party as a prime sponsor.
There is also a section on musicians in performance, one that looks behind the scenes and another that focuses on audiences.
It is also the capital of Saxony, a former part of East Germany that, along with having a reputation as Silicon Saxony, has made more than a few headlines in recent years for incidents of xenophobia and right-wing extremism.
Replacing the ignored center painted stripe with a plastic mesh barrier, three or four feet high, might be a better way of keeping pedestrians and cyclists apart.
Mr. Babar, the presidential spokesman, described the document as wildly inaccurate.
He casts his eye over the growing collection of Monocle products, made in partnership with brands hand-picked by Mr. Brûlé.
''That devastated me for a long time,'' Pepper said.
While Filipino-Americans on the West Coast can enjoy these dishes at two dozen Jollibee locations, those in New York have been able to only reminisce about such items.
The opposition leader Mir Hussein Moussavi on Tuesday accused “establishment agents” of raping and torturing prisoners, adding a prominent voice to critics who had made the charge and openly defying hard-liners who had denounced the claims as slander.
Fortunately, a federal judge has blocked this last-minute mischief, giving the Obama administration a fresh chance to do the right thing and withdraw the rule.
“ ‘Psychopath’ — it’s too nice a word for him,” Mr. Wiesel said in his first public comments on Mr. Madoff and the Ponzi scheme he is accused of perpetrating on thousands of individuals and charities, including the Elie Wiesel Foundation for Humanity.
A tribunal panel of the International Tennis Federation ruled that Gasquet inadvertently ingested cocaine by kissing a woman , identified only as Pamela, in a Miami nightclub and was “on the balance of probability, contaminated with cocaine by Pamela.” If the conversation was intoxicating, he’d really be in trouble.
These conflicts cannot be reduced to secular calculations of interest but must be dealt with on their own terms, a logic very different from the marketplace or realpolitik.
“Last off-season, you kind of saw that trickle down from C. C. to A. J. to Andy coming back.
To the Editor: Re “ The Nation of Futurity ” (column, Nov. 17): While David Brooks rhapsodizes about the productivity and optimism of contemporary China, he does not mention some very ugly blemishes.
At one point, firefighters in neighboring buildings used ropes to pull up water hoses and douse the flames from above.
Taken piece by piece, art can be ideologically arm-twisting.
Charles Morgan Jr., a leading civil rights lawyer who was often vilified and threatened by fellow whites during the turbulent 1960s in the South but who pressed on to win a landmark lawsuit that helped establish the so-called one-person-one-vote rule, giving blacks more equitable representation in legislative districts, died Thursday at his home in Destin, Fla.
Then I discovered when I started my own career that there was a whole other world out there.” Many young parents, of course, complain of smothering attention from grandparents who won’t leave them or their children alone.
She said 150,000 to 180,000 civilians remained trapped by the fighting, which is in northeastern Sri Lanka.
The federal scientists had said that after nearly two months of drilling, the project had reached depths of less than 4,000 feet.
For many Filipinos, she embodied a hope of becoming a better nation and a prouder people.
As of last week, “progress was being made” toward a negotiated settlement, according to Mr. Zabel.
It could match Liverpool’s total of 18 league titles.
After 20 years of running Paint the Town Red, a New York-based event production company I had founded, I was approached by the people at the Global Events Group, an event agency in Europe.
In a risky move, Jeffrey Zucker, the head of NBC Universal, moved Mr. Leno into the 10 p.m. slot, clearing the way for Conan O’Brien at 11:30 and radically remaking prime time.
But it has been four weeks and counting this time, since a genetic test indicated he had a much higher risk of developing lung cancer than the average smoker.
One of the most prominent skeptics is Barbara Ehrenreich , whose best-selling book “Bright-Sided: How the Relentless Promotion of Positive Thinking Has Undermined America,” published in the fall, maintains that thinking positively does little good in the long run, and can, in fact, do harm.
He dismissed the upbeat talk of “green shoots” sprouting in the devastated economic landscape and the dreamy notion that recovery is no longer just around the corner, it’s here.
Beloved husband of Jeannette Paladino Antin, loving father to Michael and Roger, and loving grandfather to Jason, Merideth and Reid.
Conservatives who believe The Times isn’t critical of Democrats forget that the paper broke damaging stories about the personal finances of Representative Charles Rangel and the hiring of prostitutes by Eliot Spitzer .
Shares of General Mills rose $2.83, or 4.6 percent, to $63.80.
Studio executives say the release is an experiment, made possible in part by last season’s writers’ strike, and is not necessarily a harbinger for future overnight releases.
“It comes before the court,” she said, “with actions of reform, and it has instituted systems and attitudes and upgrades that were hard to accomplish.” She also cited McWane as a source of blue-collar jobs in a hard-hit economy, and she took note of what many employees at Atlantic States said about working conditions today.
GRAY--Rockhill, 89, died peacefully at Lawrence Hospital on October 14, 2009 after a brief illness.
Bartenders, with access to dollars, earn wages many times that of physicians.
(Finbar Lynch is robustly moving in that part.)
She dug up his photograph, never guessing that she would soon learn that Dolphus Shields was a great-great-grandfather of the first lady.
To hammer the point home, the artist uses saturated colors to paint areas of the photographs where toxic waste or other dangerous residues in the landscape can be seen, as in “Environmental Aesthetics No.
“Social Security numbers are an aging technology, and we have to do serious planning for what will come next.” From the researchers’ sample, it was possible to identify in a single try the first five digits for 44 percent of deceased individuals who were born after 1988 and for 7 percent of those born from 1973 to 1988.
“No doubt that Al Shabab wants to obtain control over Somalia and use it as a base to influence and infiltrate surrounding countries,” she said.
So they have been practicing at the rink at the Bemidji Curling Club, about a mile away.
As he and Warthen prepared for their first full season together, Manuel said he had faith that similar success would come.
As it became apparent that the Communists would win the civil war, the Nationalists chose the best from the collection for shipment to Taiwan.
To ensure data security, Syncplicity uses the same kind of encryption employed by the military and banks, said Justin Huskamp, manager of business development.
“A lot of irony.” “Like what?” I asked.
For the year, industrywide sales declined by 18 percent — the worst year-to-year drop-off since the early 1970s.
But like the previous plan, it will have to pass muster with Sleepy Hollow’s 10,200 residents.
When Mum was in full prevarication, Pup would assume an expression somewhere between a Jack Benny stare and the stoic grimace of a 13th-century saint being burned at the stake.
Even when the Europeans try to use soft power, the results have been often miserable.
When employees are hired here, they’re given a communications assessment, a commercial program that the company uses to pinpoint a person’s dominant communications style.
He swiveled his hips to the African rhythms, shook his dreadlocks, made his way through the audience and borrowed liberally from a surefire source: Bob Marley, whose “Woy-yo-yo” singalongs punctuated more than one song and who wrote one of the encores, “Redemption Song.” Taking on that mantle would be presumptuous.
The reason may be that the brain uses two forms of attention.
“The company is disappointed with this action and still hopes to be able to reach a fair and just resolution,” Stryker’s statement said .
In his early days in business, Mr. Simon had a reputation for flamboyance, favoring tomato-colored suits.
But in recent times Catholics have gotten better about science, especially compared with some of their fundamentalist cousins in the United States .
Bradley Sylve climbed into a familiar sprinter’s crouch at South Plaquemines High School, feet in the starting blocks, knees bent, head down, chin tucked into his chest.
In addition, there are the chronic HUD problems: a maintenance backlog at public housing that approaches $30 billion, homelessness, and outdated computer systems that can make budgeting all but impossible.
You can file them, search them and, for the first time in cellphone history, keep them.
And while on a European tour, he was awarded the Austrian Cross of Honor for Science and Art.
The investment his friends made in “The Chicken” turned into a company, Renn Productions, that made dozens of films.
A search of Mr. Markoff’s home in Quincy, Mass., produced a 9-mm semiautomatic handgun, ammunition and zip ties like those used in the attacks, the statement said.
Crocker joined the Bengals at midseason in 2008 and had 48 tackles.
“This is not the solution.
Those that do can receive as much as $5 per square foot of their premises for every month they have been affected.
Despite the warming presence of the admirable Brian Murray, as a dirty old thespian in love with his craft and his male bimbo protégée (Michael Cassidy), “Pantheon” creaks with a stiff-jointed artificiality.
The engineers identified 254 buildings as historical or heritage sites to be preserved where possible; in 1984, there were 526.
“He has a lot of focus and concentration, and this is important to him.” The torch may soon be passed from the aging Mavericks, an N.B.A.
In retirement, he wrote, narrated and produced "Opera for Everyone", a CD series distributed free to music educators world-wide.
Perhaps a metaphor of escape or transformation is intended, but despite the undoubted effort and focus of the dancers, there is no accrual of physical or psychological detail in “Furnace” that might reinforce that idea.
On Monday, Macy’s, the large American chain with which Liz Claiborne does extensive business, cut 7,000 jobs, or 4 percent of its work force.
It had a brief revival under Dr. C. Everett Koop, whose stand against cigarette smoking gave the office national credibility and new life as a popular public health adviser.
The Nasdaq composite index was down 6.40 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,126.75.
(They had been next-door neighbors in Brookline, Mass., but had fallen out of touch.)
As a result, prices will skyrocket while efficiencies will not.
Psychotherapist, educator and Jewish communal leader.
His pitch was aimed, with stagy transparency, at those audience members who were in town for the yearly conference of the Association of Performing Arts Presenters and spending their evening in shop-around mode.
When they hatch into cute little rambunctious baby dinosaurs, the whole crew — including the opossums Crash (Seann William Scott) and Eddie (Josh Peck), ancillary, annoying comic sidekicks, just in case Sid’s energy should falter — takes a subterranean voyage into a land of biological diversity and creative desolation.
AFTER the funeral, my father dispersed the herd.
The fun included live music and a low-tech game, a tug of war.
The animals are taken in at night for safety and housed in a facility that allows for breeding and offspring.
Their strong personalities and similar styles created concerns that there might not be enough room on the bench in the right-field bullpen for both of them.
“If we played that type of intensity, because when we play that hard, we’re tough to beat.” A meandering trip through the Southwest started in hideous fashion.
So the Pride will face Davidson in the consolation game.
One lawyer, visibly bored, put in a brief, token appearance.
The Knicks turned from defensive-minded to absent-minded at the Ford Center in a deflating 107-99 loss that wiped away any good will drawn from beating the Celtics.
Duranleau trained with Butler before they had a falling out.
Dr. Patterson, who lives in British Columbia, was once a medical officer in the Canadian army.
Allen sat out the Celtics’ game in Philadelphia on Tuesday night, a meaningless 100-98 victory for Boston.
“I am sending you the subject of my work,” Maillol told Matisse, “whom you will reduce to a line.” Matisse did several drawings and proposed an ambitious painting that he called a “Matisse Olympia,” after the famous painting by Manet.
Examiners are also considering instruments that are not carried on banks’ balance sheets.
If these are as good or better, then the Danes are blessed.
Born in Wellington, New Zealand July 23, 1940, Mr. Thompson came to New York City in 1963 and received a scholarship to New York University.
None of these things, however, might quite stack up to something else Brooke Astor was able to purchase with her millions: extra years of functionality.
The company gave its general counsel, for example, 104,868 stock options and 14,117 shares in December, when the bank’s stock was around $78.
Then again, this is truth, not fiction.
Predeceased by his devoted wife, Sonny and his grandchildrens' beloved Nana.
He snapped to the punters while the stroller sat nearby.
Congressional Democrats sealed an agreement on a budget plan that would help President Barack Obama overhaul the health care system but allows his signature tax cut for most workers to expire after next year.
As August came to an end, thousands of Mexicans danced to Michael Jackson’s “ Thriller ,” clawing at the air, grabbing their crotches and marching like zombies while being led by a Mexican Michael Jackson impersonator who goes by the name Hector Jackson.
The photographs of the bags were taken at Pomponio State Beach, Calif. KATE SIBER PHOTOS: MOUNTAINSMITH TOUR FX, $89, mountainsmith.com.
Tuesdays through Thursdays and Sundays, 2 to 10 p.m.; Fridays and Saturdays, 2 to 11 p.m. Real Art Ways, 56 Arbor Street.
I can go to 641.5 and get you a cookbook.
Circulation at the doorway approached subway rush-hour conditions.
Had those nine justices been appointed to reflect the views of the nation on constitutional matters, the Dixiecrats might never have started the whole tawdry process of questioning the nominee, because Brown would most likely have been decided the other way.
The manual is 427 pages long.
The rain ruined the mitts.
“Cancer is such an emotional issue that the free market doesn’t work like it does for bicycle wheels and umbrellas,” said Robert L. Erwin, a biotechnology industry executive who heads the Marti Nelson Cancer Foundation, a patient advocacy group.
Breezing through Churchill’s childhood, soldiering, war journalism, dark streak and daddy issues, Johnson, a journalist and historian, follows his 1910s fall, 1920s rise, 1930s fall and, finally, 1940 accession to the prime ministership.
It can’t be an easy play for regional theaters to mount.
Nor are they -ites , devout followers of a domineering visionary figure, like Trotskyites, Benthamites or Thatcherites.
She started selling plasma two years ago when income from her husband’s electrical contracting business in Grand Rapids began falling.
Mr. Smith said that the deal could be closed ''in November or December.''
There followed early and repeated disappointments in love; recurring illness of several varieties; debilitating melancholia and bouts of paranoia; another sister committed to a mental asylum.
OUTDOOR SPACE: The 1.3-acre lot has views of the Sandia Mountains.
After he won, he assured voters that he would not have to shell out anything like that to run again.
He was gradually making progress until his shoulder flared up July 4.
A common reason for disciplinary actions at state medical boards is the use of narcotics in patients who show clear signs of addiction or for whom the drugs are obviously inappropriate.
He can draw trumps ending in his hand and play a diamond to dummy’s nine, or he can cash the diamond ace, ruff a diamond, draw trumps ending in the dummy and cash the two diamond winners.
CHOICE IS SAID TO BE MADE President Obama intends to nominate Dr. Margaret A. Hamburg, a former New York City health commissioner, to lead the Food and Drug Administration, people briefed on the decision said.
“You’re not really emotionally attached to the outcome of every play.
Except, instead of molecules or atoms bouncing around randomly, it is the price of the underlying stock.
Like the Louisiana governor, the Treasury secretary is a weak public speaker not because he lacks brains or vocal training but because his message doesn’t fly.
Today, the site still teems with 4,000 workmen on round-the-clock shifts.
Splash was recognized for its efforts recently with an official Splash Day proclamation read by the Freeport mayor, Andrew Hardwick.
He had surgery Sunday night, an indication of the severity of the injury.
Larry Geni Evanston, Ill., Dec. 27, 2008  To the Editor: Some building scientists in the United States already know how to build highly energy-efficient houses that use very little fuel.
Some had predicted Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama, whose Democratic Party cast the long-dominant Liberal Democratic Party from power in August, could let JAL go under to underline a promise to shift Japan’s resources away from corporations and toward households.
Mr. Springer at first declined an offer to play Billy because of television commitments, but then accepted the West End role because, he said, ''it was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity and probably something my family could be proud of.''
They got to see the imperious Tiger in the first two rounds, the mortal Tiger in the third round and the focused, Faldoesque Woods on Sunday, “more Eldrick than Tiger,” he writes.
Toyota also did a good job of controlling body lean while still providing a comfortable ride, even on bad roads.
“It is the wild west of medical marijuana out here,” Ms. Calhoun said.
In Britain, Virgin Media, which was created from the 2006 merger of the cable operators NTL and Telewest and a virtual mobile operator, Virgin Mobile, sells a 50-megabit broadband service, cable TV and fixed and mobile phone service for £50, or $72, a month.
If that does not happen, H & R may sell assets, Mr. Froom said.
Western countries have denounced it as a coup and have cut off aid.
She posted her lone bogey of the day on her 12th hole, the par-3 third, when she aimed 30 yards left of the flagstick to account for the wind, then three-putted.
But doctors who have seen details of their consulting deals made public say they have been tarred.
I’ve learned that the art of avoiding the woodpile is as much a ritual as actually splitting the wood.
With the lead secure, Foreman did not fight defensively.
There’s even a frisson of geopolitics, with China pressing Christie’s to withdraw two bronze animal heads from the auction, saying they were looted nearly 150 years ago, and then trying (and failing) to buy them back at a moderate price.
On his way to Albany for an autograph show, Backman called Wilpon.
“We have reached valuations that we normally reach about three or four years into a recovery — but we’re only six months into a recovery now,” Markus Rösgen, head of regional strategy at Citigroup in Hong Kong, said.
As Stewart said, there were “two markets” — the long-term market that Americans earnestly thought would sustain their 401(k)’s , and the fast-moving, short-term “real market” in the back room where high-rolling insiders wagered “giant piles of money” and brought down everyone with them.
And murderous violence is as much of a problem as ever.
I believe 75 percent to 80 percent of the provincial governments will change, and oh, by the way, we’ll begin to reduce our troops’ size.” The shifts are subtle, often unspoken.
But it has also signaled that it will give the United States only a year or so to show that its good-will approach is getting results.
At the meeting in Brazil last month, he said, he was peppered with questions from Old Believers about the quality of life and the business climate in Russia.
Zimbabwe has one of the most astronomical rates of inflation in world history, and it has rendered the pay of public employees virtually worthless.
After Mr. Obama’s victory, speculation increased about which picture had served as the basis for Mr. Fairey’s posters.
''The results are a slap in the face'' for the government, Health Minister Dimitris Avramopoulos conceded after the release of exit polls in Greece, in remarks to the Mega Channel, a private television network.
An accountant for the press club was also killed.
Harry C. Barrett Bronxville, N.Y., March 3, 2009 The writer is a past president of New York Medical College, Valhalla, N.Y.  To the Editor: Your article oversimplifies a real issue.
On Saturday morning 52 competitors will take part in seemingly incredible feats that most of us have long surrendered to those who possess freakishly superhuman intelligence: memorizing the order of a shuffled deck of cards within five minutes, writing out a 50-line poem (no, not a famous one) after studying it for 15 minutes and ticking off 200 numbers that appear in random order.
The Soviets took on a world team headed by Bent Larsen of Denmark and Bobby Fischer of the United States.
The only way forward, he said, was “a continual opening of our political system, a renewed commitment to strengthen our democratic institutions, an acceleration of the reform process.” “I frankly feel that this process of dialogue and reform is moving too slowly,” he said.
Rebecca Wulf Bronx, Oct. 13, 2009 The writer is division director for programs serving adults with mental illness, Jewish Board of Family and Children’s Services.
The apartment, with 700 square feet occupying half a floor, “was leaps and bounds” better than anything she had seen.
After opening with consecutive bogey-free 65s, she had eight birdies, two bogeys and a double bogey.
Returning after an absence of some six months makes this pride now seem the most striking thing about the place.
Her spokeswoman said Ms. Boyle was expected to remain with the tour through its conclusion in July.
Tourists “will all go out for a pizza,” he said.
A full transcript and audio are here .
At Marqués de Murrieta’s 741-acre Ygay estate, just outside the city of Logroño, the grapes are planted in a mixture of bush and trellised vines.
That might sound modest to most teams, but Andruzzi and her players say they have made substantial progress from last year, when they finished with the most losses of any winless Division I women’s basketball team in history.
Some magazines are subject to different rules, including The New Yorker, where the editorial side is exempt from cutbacks.
The continuing challenge for Azarenka is to manage her emotions.
“Draconian sanctions did not make sense in 2005 and 2006,” said R. Nicholas Burns, who led the Bush administration’s Iran strategy as under secretary of state for policy.
At Yale, Mr. Clark’s work habits were described by one researcher as “very officious and very demanding.” But Mr. Garrett remembered Mr. Clark as “industrious and busy.” More than once, Mr. Clark rang the doorbell with Mr. Garrett’s runaway beagle at his heels.
“Things are still done in a very simple way in Moscow,” said Alec Brook-Krasny, a Moscow native who emigrated at age 30 in 1989 and now represents Brighton Beach in the New York State Assembly.
It will not allow the F.D.A.
Anticipating a court challenge, the measure seeks to speed a final decision on whether the new seat for the district is legal.
But as a remedy, the Palestinian Authority has taken a first step by presenting a declaration to the court, formally accepting jurisdiction for “an indeterminate duration” over acts “committed on the territory of Palestine” since July 1, 2002, when the court’s authority began.
For the North Korean leader, Kim Jong-il, who reportedly suffered a stroke in August, a successful launching would demonstrate his country’s mastery of crucial missile technologies.
Melky Cabrera lined into an unassisted double play to shortstop Elvis Andrus, who doubled off the pinch-runner Jerry Hairston Jr. at second base to seal the Yankees’ 10-9 loss.
In 1932, a pair of holiday doubleheaders got out of hand.
All the banks named in the report declined to comment.
“You can’t just rely on four guys; we need everyone.
Mr. Rosenfeld, while noting that he was not briefed on the details of this case, argued that it would have been more problematic had she mentioned the board, because council members might have felt more pressure.
Now BP is contributing technical expertise aimed at getting the temperatures and pressures in the vats just right.
When you meet him, you wouldn’t know that this would be the next president.
Warsaw is where Chopin spent roughly half his life.
It did not take long until I was convinced that it would be selfish of me to bring her out.
He took note of the clothing and vernacular of his African-American classmates, emulating what he could.
There are growing concerns that Prime Minister Maliki may be accumulating too much power, undercutting rivals and building a cadre of military and intelligence officers loyal only to him.
He also said he thought the trial’s fog of complexity had suddenly cleared up on the last day, when both sides gave their closing arguments to the jury.
If the cozy, oak-y Corner Bookstore, 1313 Madison Avenue, (212) 831-3554, situated in a former pharmacy and prowled by a cat named Hampton, looks familiar, you probably saw Nick Nolte make a bittersweet purchase there in “The Prince of Tides.” According to the manager, Chris Lenahan, this quaint, child-oriented bookshop (almost a third of its 25,000 titles are for kids) was also an inspiration for the beloved but endangered bookstore that Meg Ryan ran in “You’ve Got Mail.” The semi-retired owners live upstairs, and the readings — the latest was Gloria Vanderbilt on her memoir, “Obsession” — tend to be S.R.O.
The corporation is planning to close “a significant number” of its run-down parlors as it shifts emphasis to telephone and online betting operations, which have attracted younger and wealthier users, Mr. Frucher said.
The audience would simply witness the character’s physical changes.
Mr. Mondano called only one witness, who challenged the theory of repressed memory but said on cross-examination that people could forget and subsequently remember traumatic events.
The governor is hiking along the Appalachian Trail.
MOORESTOWN Perkins Center for the Arts “Juried Watercolor Exhibition.” May 3 through June 14.
But former pros have since championed it, younger riders have won competitions with it and several production runs sold out quickly.
Judging by “Brücke: The Birth of Expressionism in Dresden and Berlin, 1905-1913,” at the Neue Galerie, the collective rawness still startles.
He was squeezing the bat.
The high-speed line had brought the journey down to 2 hours 20 minutes, but there were already discussions, he said, about creating a longer dedicated track for this same corridor, so trains could go faster for a longer time and reduce the trip to 1 hour 50 minutes.
“It gives the game credibility on a global scale.
If you have a credit card with an interest rate of 14 percent, paying off that debt is equivalent to earning 14 percent on your money.
The uncertainty has probably increased since the Fed meeting three weeks ago.
“He’s a special guy,” Boothe said of Hedgecock.
Tom Bancroft, chief scientist with the National Audubon Society, says that for all the progress golf has made, it remains a deeply problematic industry.
Ms. Arison, who attended the well-publicized event, was invited to dance.
“If you do and we get caught (and we will), the Intel money (each month) is gone (they would terminate the deal).
Assuming that this due diligence brought satisfactory results, Palau would be pleased to give the refugees temporary residence.
The country’s manufacturing base, wobbly in the best of times, is contracting quickly in the global downturn.
The Third Man operations are housed in a small warehouse, painted in primary colors, in an industrial neighborhood several blocks south of the city’s Lower Broadway honky-tonk district.
Valencia is the biggest of many Spanish clubs in financial trouble.
In fact, it’s even hard to foresee if more immediate, concrete behavior changes — like stricter budgeting and more savings — will last past the current recession.
The dominant force in many young lives is Mara Salvatrucha-13, or MS-13, which is known for its violence and international reach.
A new study suggests an intriguing potential link to mental health later in life, as well.
Ms. Mayor and Mr. Scaturro said the lack of interaction soon caused them to forget the crews were even there.
“Multitasking is a myth,” Ms. Gallagher said.
Today, three loyal Westie terriers trail at her heels as she moves around her shop, with its whitewashed floors and chandeliers.
If you pay for a Pandora One subscription ($36 annually), the highest-quality stream you can get is three times as good as that of the basic service, which makes a real difference when you listen on the home stereo.
The company, which is based in Espoo, Finland, said 700 workers would be laid off in Finland and the rest elsewhere in Europe, Asia and North America.
The president plans to meet with his national security team on Wednesday to talk about Pakistan and on Friday to talk about Afghanistan.
The changes in the public’s attitude over the past month, even if not huge, suggest one reason Mr. Obama sought so hard to get Congress to vote on some version of an overhaul before heading home.
There is one difference in how he is being treated, though.
The official said that the administration also wanted to be careful to make it clear that its openness to engagement with Cuba did not mean the United States would turn a blind eye to the Cuban government’s poor record on human rights.
And there have been some disasters.
IT’S not unusual to crave a touch of spring during the depths of winter.
Prosecutors said that amounts to more than half of Mr. Kaplan’s total worth.
Jalil and eight other Afghans, he said, were paid to throw acid on the girls by an intelligence officer working for the government of Pakistan .
The European Commission began an investigation in April into whether the deal, announced in August 2008, violated European Union rules against restrictive business practices.
My colleagues agree with this analogy.
Marriott has 72 hotels, with 19,000 rooms, in its Asia pipeline, adding to the 113 hotels it operates in the region now.
The feelings he generates are too intense, too authentic and — this is the scary part — too familiar for cool on-the-spot analysis.
Bowing to American pressure, Mr. Netanyahu conceded the principle of a Palestinian state, but then described it in a way that stripped it of meaningful sovereignty.
“They just go above and beyond to support it.” He said recent findings from Javelin Strategy & Research gave LifeLock a demographic rationale for the deal: women are 26 percent more likely than men to be identity theft victims.
''There are times you just have to have some,'' said Jess Denaro, a New York University student from Brooklyn.
Which shortstops reach the hard-hit grounders up the middle?
And little of the dancing is any brighter.
Carlsen’s final error was 27 ... Qc7; 27 ... Ba8 would have been better.
About seven years ago, Van Deren looked for help.
“But I’m also grateful to be here in the States and for being given this opportunity and not necessarily having to worry if I stop at a traffic light that there’s danger or that somebody will break into my house.
“You can be sure that there will be a book on the privatization of Social Security ,” predicts Thomas Knock, a professor of American history, “or on creationism, or on the doctrine of pre-emptive war.” He and others are half-convinced that Bush will appoint his friend Karl Rove as the first executive director.
Much of the forest is now simply meadow.
TheaterWorks Hartford, 233 Pearl Street.
Dallas said in an interview that tensions between the two rose to a significant level during the 2008 presidential campaign, when Brad helped lead attacks on Sarah Palin that Dallas regarded as unfair.
Debra McDonough and Howard Alan Kreitzman were married Saturday evening in New York.
A guy came in and I packed $150 of groceries for him, and he put two pennies in my cup.
News stories last week said the records showed Mr. Christie often stayed at expensive hotels on the taxpayers’ dime, routinely exceeding per diem rates set for Justice Department officials.
The company had suffered a big drop in business since the start of the recession .
It is to the Fitzwilliam that the exhibition will travel in June.
“Merely intelligent, alone and gravely bored.
Besides Mr. Humphrey, tenants include a calligrapher, a tour operator, an investment manager and a fashion designer.
Blu-ray is available in 25-gigabyte and 50-gigabyte discs, and a standard DVD holds 5 gigabytes.
He announced from the start that his work would have music throughout and no spoken dialogue.
The Officers and Directors of the Southampton Fresh Air Home
“Pretty clearly the team’s not quitting,” he said.
Lisa P. Jackson , chosen to head the Environmental Protection Agency , said at her confirmation hearing Wednesday morning that her first task would be to restore scientific and legal integrity to an agency battered by charges of political interference and coziness with industry.
on Sunday, he hoped it would snap his postseason slump.
He said he had been punished in many ways while in prison, and mentioned missing the first words of his youngest child.
In a five-run fourth — the Mets’ second five-run inning in two games against Pittsburgh — they explored every corner of the crisscross outfield grass from chalk line to chalk line by sending 10 batters to the plate.
The Nazis would later drive Nabokov and his wife and son from Europe to America, where they moved from sublet to sublet, motel to motel.
Don’t worry about last night.
“I was coming back from an interview with the Iceman,” Mr. Carlo recalled.
Holmes was charged with misdemeanor marijuana possession at a traffic stop in October.
Mr. Pollin and Mr. Jordan parted ways during a heated meeting.
Norplant nevertheless had a stormy history.
“Even someone who’s a full-time hairdresser has trouble doing her own color,” said Marie Robinson, a senior colorist at Sally Hershberger salon in Manhattan.
A dagger (†) indicates that some bookstores report receiving bulk orders.
“You need more strategic direction over next five to ten years,” Mr. Galbraith said.
It’s as much a game as Guitar Hero, only instead of trying to keep up with prerecorded music, the goal is to make music of one’s own.
There was also a plan to plunge a 10-lane elevated superhighway, to be called the Lower Manhattan Expressway, through SoHo, Little Italy, Chinatown and the Lower East Side.
State agencies traditionally had a stark choice between breaking up families in turmoil or leaving children in potentially risky homes.
If only this were 1999.
But the record rarely seems overcrowded; it confidently puts everyone to selective use.
The company previously said it had stopped making payments on loans totaling $266 million.
General Jacoby and General Bolger accompanied Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, on a tour of the Abu Ghraib area as part of the admiral’s weeklong visit to Iraq, Afghanistan and Pakistan.
And a new gallery devoted to Indo-Pacific art is scheduled to open around 2012, once the three buildings that house all of the Yale University Art Gallery are renovated.
“Why would I have a press conference and have no one come?” Mr. Green said on a recent morning as he collected signatures outside a Chelsea subway stop.
Shiva to be held at her home from 4-8pm, Sunday through Wednesday.
(He even topped Mr. O’Brien in viewers by almost a million.)
The intelligence with which these singers approached their work on record was also evident in the way they deployed their forces live.
Pittsburgh, which has only one road victory since Dec. 26, gave up five goals in the third period.
But potential proliferators may not agree to a treaty allowing their ships to be boarded.
Is there more that can be done, or do you think your government is already doing everything, and if so, how do you persuade the people of Taiwan, including the people who voted for you?
Treasury’s original decision to use the Troubled Asset Relief Program to shore up the banks’ capital, Mr. Blankfein said, “was a sensible thing to do at the time.” But, he added, “If I had known it was as pregnant with this kind of potential for backlash, then of course I would have really not have liked it.” When I later asked Goldman’s chief spokesman, Lucas van Praag, if Mr. Blankfein was basically saying that he wished he hadn’t taken the TARP money, Mr. van Praag said my interpretation was correct.
officials would not comment Monday on whether Ms. Kroes published the e-mails to counter complaints by Intel to the European ombudsman, P. Nikiforos Diamandouros, about the commission's handling of the antitrust investigation.
That’s right, for me — but it may not be for others.
The trip to Virginia, aides said, would be his last.
Eventually, I concealed the tapes in the underwear drawer of my youngest daughter, in her wardrobe.
Senator Boxer is chairwoman of the Environment and Public Works Committee,on which you are the ranking Republican.
The country took over Papua, which occupies the western part of the island of New Guinea, from the Dutch in 1963.
In Danish, with English subtitles.
The United States Open isn’t the American Airlines United States Open.
Contador said that he was looking for a new team himself, maybe one built around him.
When Ally made its rate promise a month ago, it didn’t know that the F.D.I.C.
The National Solidarity Program was able to build development councils in 23,000 villages precisely because the remnants of civil society still exist.
Kingfisher still owes $100 million to oil companies for jet fuel it bought in 2008, Mr. Mallya said.
“Moving from one place to another can result in a breakdown of connections to peer friends, and distress and worries about the new environment,” she said.
Among them: John Baldessari and Yoko Ono, who will receive Golden Lion awards.
“Players always complain, especially when they lose.” That’s what happened when Beacon faced Benjamin N. Cardozo High School of Queens in the public school championship match two weeks ago.
“Even if the New York market were to end up being 35 to 45 percent down,” he said, “to the degree we’re seeing deals done at 30 to 32 percent down anyway, it’s not very far away.” Mr. Miller says sales activity needs to stabilize first.
As a legal editor for Matthew Bender & Co., as in his life, he would separate the wheat from the chaff and find the salient pearls of wisdom in the voluminous noise and excess that permeates our legal system and lives.
Earlier this month, when Goldman Sachs reported record quarterly profits — and prepared to pay juicy bonuses — it was widely, and correctly, noted that the firm was leading the way back to a future in which outsized pay for short-term gains could once again foster excessive risk taking.
Family relationships are complicated, he said, “and it’s a mistake to think of them like cut-and-dried transactions in a marketplace.” Still, this reminded me that I have other daughters.
I could only laugh because crying would have been too embarrassing.
The new work focuses on what people say, not how they act.
Then there’s the fetish factor, which reached new heights on that summer day in 2007 when the iPhone came out.
Spain, the defending champion, took a 2-0 lead over the Czech Republic in the Davis Cup final on Friday, after David Ferrer rallied for a 1-6, 2-6, 6-4, 6-4, 8-6 victory over Radek Stepanek.
A smaller home on one to five acres can be found for $350,000 to $600,000.
ABC ranked third, and Fox finished in fourth place; both of those networks broadcast reruns of their usual Sunday night lineups.
The government has said it acted to restore law and order and subdue Mr. Sharif, whom it accused of trying to foment revolution and court Islamists to buttress his power.
You are always a guest.” What’s more, the Victoria-Albert relationship has long riveted her, she says, because the couple “fought for their love” through public skepticism and other obstacles.
While working for his father’s advertising agency, he studied at the Manhattan School of Music, where John Lewis, later of the Modern Jazz Quartet, was a fellow student.
His work is in private collections throughout the United States, Europe and Asia.
That took a little getting used to.
But what puts it in hailing distance of iPhone territory is that it runs Google’s Android mobile operating system.
“She’s someone who would not hesitate to whisper something like, ‘Can you believe how terrible this speech is?’ ” Ms. Cheney is fiercely loyal to and protective of her father and devotes great energy to matters that relate — directly or indirectly — to the preservation (or repair) of his legacy.
In any case, the promises to allow inspectors as required by the NPT and to shift LEU will be tested soon enough.
PAGE C1 Theater Reviews Pondering Life, While Spending Forever on a Train ''Happiness,'' which opened this week at the Mitzi E. Newhouse Theater, is one of those plays featuring a bunch of people randomly tossed together by fate -- and none are what they initially seem to be.
If I said that, I was joking.
Apollo and the spirits of Hades, in ornate costumes by Louis Désiré, looked as if they had wandered over from a space-alien movie.
Some people pointedly refuse to participate, while others express the view encapsulated by the old Fran Lebowitz line about how spilling your guts is as attractive as it sounds.
These shirts are a product of Affliction Clothing, whose Affliction Entertainment division (like the U.F.C.)
He said it was the first time the officer had been involved in a shooting since joining the force in 2002.
Born in 1984, he was touring as a soloist with the Moscow Virtuosi at 11.
“It cannot hide and say, ‘It’s Hezbollah, we don’t control them,’ ” he said.
Though we cannot see you, you are by our side.
Army investigators determined that Dr. Kuklo’s article had overstated the benefits of a Medtronic bone-growth product, called Infuse, that was used at Walter Reed to treat American soldiers who had suffered severe lower leg injuries in Iraq.
There is a major difference between pitching in the American League East, where lineups are stacked, and in the N.L., where the pitchers hit.
He is also a card-carrying Republican, of which there are not a lot in this borough.
He stumbled against the bottom of the order, particularly the Nos.
This is not your house; this is my house.
And from almost everyone he talked to, he said, he heard “horrific stories” of exploitation, corruption and brutality.
However, the announcement that India would allow the Dalai Lama to visit a Tibetan monastery and christen a new hospital in Arunachal brought a much sharper condemnation from Beijing.
Our purpose was to share the findings of our own investigative report on the murders as well as our recommendations for specific action by Russian authorities and the international community.
(John Gregor wrote the score and some of the lyrics.)
Liz Taylor knows it, the president knows it, the bum knows it and you know it.” My own induction into this product cult was inadvertent and based on aesthetics.
(You have to think that there are thousands of General Motors or Circuit City employees who wish they hadn’t invested so much in their company’s stock.)
Strong support among black voters — and a united front among prominent black elected officials — would make it far harder for other Democrats to run against the governor in next year’s primary.
He used to say, ‘I’m going to beat you till I die.’ He was relentless.
As for his lack of a spouse, he would enlist the help of a group of students as his co-hosts.
Last month, the agency announced it was moving forward on new rules regulating greenhouse gas emissions from hundreds of power plants and other large industrial facilities.
Mr. Kimelman, who grew up in Brooklyn, became a successful businessman in the United States Virgin Islands, operating an import business and a hotel on the island of St. Thomas, among other ventures.
One reason is that, somehow, a study of this looser market was never finished in Albany.
Mr. Bryce is the author of “Cook & Peary” (1997), an 1,100-page book subtitled, “The Polar Controversy, Resolved,” but Mr. Bryce knows it’s not resolved in all minds.
One student locked the door and they all crowded tightly together, holding their knees to their chests.
We were toting sleeping bags and pads, a camp stove and cooking gear, food for three days — including halibut we’d caught on a fishing expedition the previous afternoon — and a supply of fresh water.
Lesser brought Mr. Axelrod oatmeal with brown sugar and raisins from the White House mess.
Will Goetzmann, director of the International Center for Finance at Yale and an authority on behavioral finance, said advocates of efficient markets had begun to concede that there is a sizable psychological component to trading.
Diane Paulus’s thrilling, emotionally rich revival of the 1967 rock musical delivers what Broadway otherwise hasn’t felt this season: the intense, unadulterated joy and anguish of that bipolar state called youth.
The general manager of Xiamen Harmony Art International Auction Company in Fujian Province in southeastern China, Mr. Cai paid a record $15 million in 2006 for a Ming dynasty bronze Buddha statue, for example.
Horton, based in Fort Worth, said that sales orders in the quarter rose 26 percent from last year, but that more foreclosures, high inventories and rising unemployment still challenged the industry.
All things considered, however, the market showed resilience in the string of auctions in and around Scottsdale, Ariz., this month.
“We feel quite good about the performance of the business and the outlook for the rest of the year,” Kraft’s chief executive, Irene B. Rosenfeld, said on a conference call with investors and analysts.
In the meantime, Casserly knows what has to be done: a whole lot of self-scouting.
He was not a victim of the much-maligned Ponzi schemes that foiled some of his friends, and his holdings — all $16 billion of it, at last count — appear to be a widely diversified mix of real estate, stocks and bonds.
And there's even a labeling scheme that spells out how much light a particular LED product produces, the color temperature of the light, the amount of power it uses and other facts.
Among the buyers are John and Jayme Buckley, both 25, who grew up in East Meadow and in May paid $308,000 for a four-bedroom one-bath Cape that had initially been listed at $380,000.
SPLURGE The architect Jean Nouvel’s deep-blue illuminated cube, the Copenhagen Concert Hall (20 Emil Holms Kanal, 45-35-20-30-40; www.dr.dk/koncerthuset/forside.htm ), opened in January to rave reviews.
Now, after hitting just 23 homers in more than 1,600 minor league at-bats, Zobrist had 17 entering the weekend.
And though some of the river view will be obscured at times, the breeze, the afterglow, the bustling traffic on the Hudson and — not least — good, reasonably priced food are excellent reasons for seeking out this engaging spot.
Her plan was to renovate the 2,800-square-foot property, live in it for a while and then sublet it at a higher rate.
He announced the U.S. withdrawal from Iraq in this way: “What we will not do is let the pursuit of the perfect stand in the way of achievable goals.
“If I can’t work, if I can’t eat, how can I send money back?” After a dangerous crossing to Spain via the Canary Islands in a fishing boat, followed by two years trying to find a job, Mr. Gul said he was ready to quit.
A new study is linking cumulative exposure to five common pathogens with an increased risk for stroke .
“I realized that it’s O.K.
They become as integral to the experience as the set, the lights, or the actors.” During the Mighty’s first season at the Paramount, the company sold out two of its three productions and mounted a performance with participants in its Summer Acting Intensive program.
Shares in the company, considered a bellwether of the global economy, rose 7.7 percent.
He was in his office.
Brown, a running back from Connecticut, is the last unsigned rookie of the Colts’ eight draft picks.
Boarders hurtle down the active volcano’s bald, steep slope atop a sledlike piece of plywood, at speeds of up to 50 miles per hour.
Kevin Gilbride, the offensive coordinator, has interviewed with Oakland for its coaching vacancy.
Mr. Vikernes says in grudging praise of Mr. Nagell that he’s “a special person with special goals, and it’s impossible to know what his goals are.” Mr. Nagell, for his part, is disgusted by the attention that black metal still draws from its tabloid heyday.
So far, families have been sent to 24 states and 5 continents, most often to Puerto Rico, Florida , Georgia and the Carolinas .
He averaged 42.6 yards on nine punts, with a long of 58.
Peachtree later contended that a state worker — it was never clear exactly whom — had told the company to do it that way, but no one from the state ever acknowledged doing so.
“But not in the tournament round.
From a dismal parking lot on this city’s South Side, a bus is scheduled to pull out on Monday headed east, packed with people from the neighborhoods where President-elect Barack Obama first cut his teeth as an organizer hoping to make a difference in the world.
It is a small-town team with a small-time budget.
For the next 27 years, until John Paul’s death in 2005, Mr. Giansanti followed him around the globe, accompanying him on scores of foreign trips; documenting his meetings with religious leaders, heads of state and the ordinary faithful; capturing him alone, kneeling in prayer in his private chapel; and photographing him in 1983 as he paid a visit of forgiveness to the prison cell of Mehmet Ali Agca, the man who had tried to assassinate the pope two years before.
Mr. Aleynikov joined Goldman in May 2007 and was a vice president for equity strategy, but announced his resignation after little more than two years.
Even if you stuck with Huston on these daredevil loops, you couldn’t have anticipated THE MYSTIC ARTS OF ERASING ALL SIGNS OF DEATH (Ballantine, $25).
In January alone, 33 people were killed.
President Obama and I are not talking about a carbon tax.
(Still, Mangini cited Daboll twice for praise.)
Ms. Marshall met her first husband, the Rev.
The same is true for cholesterol .
A yearning come-on, “Obsesión” was, like most Aventura songs, written by Mr. Santos, arranged by Lenny and anchored in bare-bones bachata: a wafting melody, a jittery guitar line, chattering rhythms from bongos and güiro.
“We’ve been racing together and been friends together for 20 years.
Fridays through Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m. Kent Art Association, Route 7.
He will be greatly missed by his family and his wide circle of friends.
On that cold Shabbat morning in Chicago, a gust of wind pushed the door open and a member of Funnye’s congregation warmly welcomed me with “Shabbat Shalom,” helped me off with my snow-covered coat and politely gave me a familiar Siddur.
I sure feel “vibrant.” Quade Winter, Weehawken, New Jersey For decades, increased productivity, or vitality as David Brooks puts it, has been dangled before our eyes as the rationalization for everything from outsourcing to downsizing.
Richard Hinds, writing in The Sydney Morning Herald , says Woods conquered more than the Australian Open.
And despite some hot names like Josh Brolin, some of William Morris’s best-known movie stars, like Mel Gibson and Richard Gere, are past their prime.
“The Spanish doctors told me my son would not live for a year, that he would be blind, that his body would not grow, that he would be mentally disabled,” she said in a telephone interview.
In Australia an enthusiastic endocrinologist became a worldwide authority on “growth control” and treated more than 1,000 patients with DES.
A cab ride from Midtown is about $30, including tolls.
Its workers have until Feb. 25 to decide whether they will take one of the offers and leave.
I’ll even go Mr. Tommasini one better and suggest that American opera companies consider performing Respighi’s operas.
After I read the profound observations of Eddie George in a CNN article about the tragic fall of his former N.F.L.
The police say he signed in the other four men as his guests in the dormitory.
But I was delighted, because I can’t tell you how many times I’ve said that there just aren’t enough truncated cuboctahedrons and rhombicuboctahedrons to be found in jewelry today.
Instead, she took all of them with her.
In other words, the new soft rock, a post-Coldplay movement that eludes taste-maker taste but is embraced by broad swaths of listeners.
I appreciate the challenges you, and all newspapers, face.
On economic matters, he resembles Herbert Hoover — but only if Hoover, after presiding over the stock market crash of 1929, had engineered an economic response that nipped the Great Depression in the bud.
The eight peaks that make up the resort span three and a half miles, and Sunday River owns another 6,000 surrounding acres that it might expand into.
Southern textile workers had a long history of resisting labor organizing.
Not long ago, before the buyout boom went bust, David M. Rubenstein, a co-founder of the private equity firm Carlyle Group , regaled people with forecasts of a $100 billion deal.
In an interview last month with a sports publication called Titan Weekly, he said he and a group of investors were seeking to acquire a 15 percent stake in the Cavaliers.
Marquette (24-8), which had lost four straight, breezed into Thursday’s quarterfinals by winning for the first time since guard Dominic James injured his foot Feb. 25.
But on the par-4 sixth, he found, much as his principal rival Tiger Woods did on Sunday, that Bethpage Black was ready to be a more stern test than it had been during the rainstorms of Thursday through Saturday.
Mr. Alexis’s stabbing spree, Mr. Ryan said, began at about 3 p.m. on June 13, on a downtown C train.
did consider the idea seriously at least twice in the last two decades: once in 1992, when the company was close to insolvency, and again in late 2005, when rumors of a Chapter 11 filing swirled in Detroit.
“My competition is any wedding site in the state of Connecticut and Westchester County.” Jay Karen, president and chief executive of the Professional Association of Innkeepers International, says that proprietors like the Jaffres and Mr. Guidera are headed in the right direction.
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Dish said the partnership had been a substantial contributor to subscriber growth in the last few years.
“It’s just very sad,” she said.
In an editorial, the paper warned that Madrid’s €215 million, or $303 million, acquisitions of Cristiano Ronaldo, Kaká, Kari Benzima and Raúl Albiol destabilizes the soccer market and referred to a report by the Organization for Economic Development that the sport is in danger of attracting organized crime.
Mr. Liu’s lawyers have expressed frustration with the judicial process, saying for months that they had no access to their client and that they received the indictment less than two weeks ago, leaving little time to prepare a defense.
But Federer — a multilingual global villager with a former tennis player for a spouse — is better equipped than most of his predecessors to endure.
The information was shared with an F.B.I.
In December, a grand jury in Reno handed up the indictment accusing district officials of illegally altering the water delivery data.
“Act Now!” On a stage at the eastern edge of the square, a succession of speakers stoked a cheering crowd, their voices booming over loudspeakers.
“We wanted an addition that respects the 1940s, and doesn’t obliterate it.
Complicating matters is a battle over competing standards, with the United States, Britain, Japan, France and Australia adopting separate digital radio technologies.
Although prostate cancer doesn’t cause many deaths, once you know you have it you’ll have a hard time resisting the temptation to undertake treatments, which carry significant risk of adverse side effects like impotence or incontinence.
But whatever the failings in symbolism, his trip was in many ways a success in substance.
The $250 million investment should help free some of the company’s borrowing capacity.
Christie’s inaugurated the Old Masters week with a £68.3 million, or $112.4 million, sale that says everything about the desperate search for great art by eager buyers and the equally desperate attempt by departmental heads to fill their catalogs with enough works to build up economically viable auctions.
House Democratic leaders are still trying to figure out exactly how to limit the use of federal money for abortions.
“Imagine if you had a rabbi and said, ‘All the laws of kosher depend on whether this rabbi decides if food is kosher or not,’ ” says Mr. Partnoy, a former derivatives trader.
Few expected the Rwandan troops to go after General Nkunda.
The moves, urged by Gov.
Amylin, which confirmed Tuesday afternoon that Mr. Icahn and Eastbourne had won two board seats, also disclosed that its chairman, Joseph C. Cook Jr., and the lead director, James N. Wilson, were not re-elected by shareholders at its annual meeting last week.
Between songs, Denzel Washington, Queen Latifah, Jamie Foxx and Martin Luther King III are to recite what are billed as “historical passages.” With its careful multigenre mix, the concert may add up to something like the Grammy Awards as reimagined by PBS: specifically “The Kennedy Center Honors,” with which it shares its executive producer, George Stevens Jr.
Nearly four years ago, “it was the height of a crazy bubble,” Ms. LeCount said.
In Congressional testimony last week,Robert M. Gates, the defense secretary, said that was where the American interest comes in: A Taliban victory, he said, could give Al Qaeda not just a physical haven but a philosophical victory with profound consequences.
They were the guys that got the big allocations of the hot deals, and they paid for it in commission flow.
We serve some of the bigger hospitals in the country, and we call all over the United States.
never proposed a specific operation to the White House for approval, said the officials, who would only speak anonymously because the program had been classified.
She gives us to know that she’s a child of depressive parents, and that she herself, as an adult, has been periodically talked by the Samaritans out of bouts of dangerous sorrow.
These included “The Wild Sweet Wine: Superb Stories of Sensual Love” (1958), “Stories for the Dead of Night” (1957) and “Combat: Pacific Theater, World War II” (1959).
“To actually walk into this world and be able to touch it and taste it and smell it — well, it’s just going to be fantastic.”
The government is seeking that sum, plus interest, as a recovery of “ill-gotten gains.” The loan would not have been forgiven if Kmart’s board had known he was hiding information, Mr. Lieberman said.
“It’s tedious, unsung, but really important work, making a collection accessible,” Alan Balicki, the senior conservator, said.
The answer, in Mr. Cooper’s view, can be found in a 1970 case, in which the Supreme Court refused to hear an appeal of a lower court ruling that marriage could be limited to men and women.
“The U.S. is one of the most important expansion markets for H & M, and we see a huge potential,” Mr. Persson said.
Ms. Rosenfeld, who declined to be interviewed for this article, began working for Kraft in the early 1980s.
Aren’t producers all crotchety old men, with pinky rings and cigars, like out of a Damon Runyon novel?” He was attracted to her immediately as well.
In a worldwide context, she is the more famous athlete in their home and she will be in Monte Carlo for the World Athletics Gala .
But whatever the marketing plan, there are few weak links in its honor roll.
Pato is good, and might become brilliant.
At the poles, some hills remain in permanent sunlight while some troughs are always in shadow.
The 2002 budget deficit was resolved in part by an early retirement program for state employees that some critics believe left crucial state agencies with far too few experienced workers.
Some Parisians have never even heard of the company’s plan to open a restaurant in the Louvre, the basement of which already has a shopping mall and a small food court.
Even his detractors allow that he has done a masterful job.
Lutz accused Cable of assaulting her as recently as last January, but Cable has said he was cleared by the police of any wrongdoing in that case.
If we sold at a discount, for instance, we kept a residual.” He described a case to me in which one package of mortgages was sold off to investors at a loss, but with the government retaining some of the potential upside if the assets recovered some value.
The same CCTV show included an interview with a young man, identified as a college student, who expressed horror at pornography on the Internet.
It was choreographed by Ms. Halprin in response to Rodin’s “Minotaur.” Dressed in flimsy beige garments, the dancers perform what seems almost a parody of modern dance.
Phillip C. Cato Potomac, Md., June 28, 2009 The writer, a minister, has served as an unpaid consultant on bioethics for the National Institutes for Health.
The New York State Summer School of the Arts, which offers monthlong training programs in music, theater, dance, and visual arts, had its spending authority cut by 10 percent from the previous year, to $1.59 million.
They never got to protest; within an hour of being interviewed by The New York Times about their plans, they were detained by scores of plainclothes police officers who had followed them from their home in the Guangxi Autonomous Region.
To be sure, corporate greenwash is an increasingly contentious topic around the globe — and it has moved far beyond the regulation of patently false claims.
But these are hard times for operators of those impressive crushing machines.
Colgate’s brands are staples, like its namesake toothpaste and soap.
Hirvonen repeats this experiment, differently yet deftly, and Douglas Robinson’s translation is so smooth that, but for the foreign names, one could forget the book was not originally written in English.
And this has been demonstrated over and over again: the founder of the Association for the Study of Peak Oil first claimed in 1989 that the peak had already been reached, and Mr. Schlesinger argued a decade earlier that production was unlikely to ever go much higher.
It makes a good choice for dishes like pasta e fagiole (recipe below), because it won’t become soggy.
The trainers I consulted agreed that dogs, like humans, go through adolescence , anywhere from 6 months to 2 years.
Nikita Tikhonov, who has been charged as the shooter, said he killed Mr. Markelov out of revenge.
Last year’s winner, “The White Tiger” by Aravind Adiga, for example, has sold 236,000 copies in paperback in the United States, according to Nielsen BookScan, which tracks about 70 percent of retail sales.
Its products are in use in refugee camps and disaster areas all over the third world: PermaNet, a mosquito net impregnated with insecticide ; ZeroFly, a tent tarp that kills flies; and the LifeStraw, a filter worn around the neck that makes filthy water safe to drink.
was on the brink of collapse because it had used complex derivatives to insure mortgage securities that turned out to be toxic — without putting aside reserves in case it had to pay up.
Mr. Rogers brings a zestful touch of Marx Brothers mania to the swashbuckling Tony, and he combines worldliness with innocence in a way that makes you understand why his mother dotes on him.
I’m able to do it.
That review was prompted by the New York investigation of placement fees.
“Come on, the guy has won the Tour seven times; he is almost programmed to win the Tour by now,” Millar said at the Giro.
There, policy makers are dangling the threat of a system like France’s plan to disconnect pirates, to try to get Internet providers and the music companies to agree on ways to stimulate the development of legitimate digital music sales and to curb piracy.
Mr. Judge’s “Idiocracy” (2006), one of the most notorious casualties of neglect by a major studio, also performed well on DVD.
“I respect the Cambridge police as well as Professor Gates,” she said, “and I hope my decision to speak out does not add any controversy to what has been a difficult situation.” The Cambridge police have stood by their report and did not return phone calls on Wednesday.
The run will cost about $200,000.
In fact, del Potro can still hear the coach’s instructions, thousands of miles away, when he is on the court.
That is also the idea behind using platelet rich plasma and its advocates say that by concentrating blood platelets they can get a better effect than with blood alone.
President-elect Obama has not announced any policy for the two bases, and his stance on missile defense more broadly has been to express support for a system that proves its ability.
“But we have no money.” Mr. Paisarn left his job at a Japanese-owned factory because the management stopped giving out overtime — 15-hour workdays that had provided him with a big enough paycheck, about $370 a month, to pay for life in Bangkok for him and his wife.
A young teacher uncertain about her next steps, Ms. Lavery stopped at a pub down the block from Gaelic Park.
Despite the site’s toxic legacy, sections open to the public are deemed safe.
The descendants of an ancestral species might have evolved into different forms, splitting into separate lineages “like the branching of a great tree from a single stem,” as he would later write in “On the Origin of Species .” Darwin’s first tree is now a familiar sight in books, museum exhibits and, of course, on Wikipedia.
PHOTOS: SUMMIT, N.J.: The annual Calvary House Tour on May 7 will feature historic homes, like the one above.
They had many phones and radios, she said.
“FASHION changes so quickly, moment to moment, season to season, but where is the customer?” Donna Karan asked a roomful of fashion executives on Nov. 13, mindful that they have probably been asking themselves that same question for months.
FILM MAHWAH Mahwah Public Library “The Wizard of Oz,” starring Judy Garland.
At the same time, the Bank of England held its key interest rate steady at 0.5 percent and said it would expand its program of buying corporate debt and British government bonds to pump more cash into the economy.
“People feel that they are the only ones who are doing something for the Palestinian people,” he said.
The Pentagon report did not dispute the conclusions reached by the Afghan Independent Human Rights Commission, and referred to its “balanced, thorough investigation.” The deaths in Granai make up part of the huge rise in civilian casualties that are characterizing the war in Afghanistan.
It is time Congress barred the use of credit scores nationwide except in cases where its use makes sense, in the securing of credit.
He is survived by his wife JoAnne, his son David, his daughter Deborah, and his granddaughters Rosie and Emma Healy.
decreased employment is explained more by reductions in the supply of labor (the willingness of people to work) and less by the demand for labor (the number of workers that employers need to hire).” Mulligan has suggested, in particular, that workers are choosing to remain unemployed because that improves their odds of receiving mortgage relief.
Hours: Thursdays and Saturdays, 1 to 3 p.m.; Sundays, 2 to 4 p.m.
The Wu gown was perhaps not as sophisticated as the coat-and-dress ensemble she wore for the swearing-in, but it still made a statement.
It’s the story of a road trip with a mission, one that subtly reveals the tensions between two brothers and the women in their life.
The system is available online at www.eoswireless.com .
He also worked for decades as an editor of literary and political magazines and was a film, literary and theater critic for newspapers in Uruguay and elsewhere in the Spanish-speaking world.
Wednesday at 8 p.m. ''Goodbye, Mr. Chips,'' directed by Sam Wood.
The hearing will be Nov. 30.
And with Davydenko serving to stay in the match, Federer took a 30-0 lead when he returned an overhead smash from Davydenko by running across the court and jumping high to get his racket on the ball.
City’s new purchasing power is matched in the world only by Real Madrid.
And sure, it’s scary.” As a judge, Ms. Sotomayor pulled her social circle tight.
There is no evidence that any teenagers rode the commuter rail with Mr. Sanchez on the day of the crash.
“Any attempts to shatter the situation, destabilize the government and split society under democratic slogans will be prevented.”
The Birds and Bees Text Line offers one-on-one exchanges that are private, personal and anonymous.
Lawyers for Mr. Marshall and Mr. Morrissey said that Mrs. Astor was competent when she made decisions about her finances between 2002 and 2007, the period covered in the men’s indictments.
Thousands of Mr. Madoff’s known victims are scattered around the world, and some of his victims have not even been identified yet, they said.
They used to say, “You should stick to dancing.” Where he learned to swing: I had a passion for the dance.
James Ray, a spokesman for the union in Charlotte, N.C., said in an interview.
“These reforms will help rejuvenate it and encourage states to make better use of this important tool,” said Susan E. Rice, the ambassador of the United States, which sponsored the resolution with Austria.
Starting Nov. 25, he’ll have a two-gallery presentation at White Cube.
“That’s why someone might be prone to the same nail getting beat up over and over.” Permanent removal carries risks.
And just in case the message did not get through via the harness shapes lapped across the chest, giving an almost surgical hold, David Bowie’s “Cat People” lyrics throbbed through the gilded room with its hanging chandeliers.
The difference was in the quality of the bowling, and in particular Afridi.” Britain’s large cricket-loving Pakistani-descended population means that any match it plays in England has the atmosphere of a home contest.
In response, Madrid has pumped money into the economy and is putting builders to work on public projects.
Even where there is Iranian influence, this is integrated into an entirely original art.
IF YOU GO Lunch: Monday through Friday, noon to 3 p.m. Dinner: Monday through Saturday, 5 to 11 p.m., with lighter fare until 1 a.m. Reservations recommended (necessary on weekends).
“The mayor’s posture has frustrated members of the Senate who have an honest and deep desire to pass an enhanced mayoral control bill,” said Senator Kevin S. Parker, a Brooklyn Democrat.
“This is a bad time to sell because they are not going to get rewarded for all of the wonderful stuff in the pipeline,” says Ronny Gal, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein.
Private interment was May 1.
Roderick Joyce Auckland, New Zealand
Two weeks until the end of the 2009 session, lawmaking has shuddered to a maddening standstill.
But his insurance covered hardly any of the cost of the cancer pills the doctor prescribed for him to take at home.
Serbia has accused Mr. Ceku of committing war crimes during the 1998-99 war in Kosovo, when he was a commander of the Kosovo Liberation Army , a rebel group that used guerrilla tactics to fight against Serbia’s rule of Kosovo.
Test your knowledge with our quiz.
He had been paying bills by operating a small technology consulting company, setting up Linux servers for companies to run their Web sites and other basic operations.
Laws are laws, of course, and looting can’t be tolerated, although when decades or centuries have passed, laws have changed, populations shifted, empires come and gone, legal arguments can be dubious.
His lawyer noted that Mr. Millard had honored the one-year prohibition in federal law against negotiating a job with a firm that he helped select as a contractor.
Mr. Franklin politely declined to disclose the amount.
“Technology is no solution to policy and public action.” Mr. Khan said he was frustrated by the sluggish pace of adoption.
Wild chimps “recruited” by poachers for entertainment watch as their mothers are gunned down — the only way a chimp mother would ever relinquish a child.
21l Bird Shelter By Malcolm Leland For Vessel Usa Inc., $175.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 15.27 points, or 0.2 percent, to 9,108.51.
If you have ever gone to a museum with a good artist you probably discovered that they don’t worry so much about what art history books or wall labels tell them is right or wrong, because they’re selfish consumers, freed to look by their own interests.
Turn out of tin and cool completely on a wire rack.
Although the producers say Mr. Cowell will be given the tie-breaking vote in early rounds, Ms. DioGuardi said she had used her role to advance some contestants who were otherwise on the bubble, facing elimination.
Not one Republican in the House or the Senate voted for the budget resolutions, and only three supported the stimulus bill.
Several brokers said the continuing involvement of Mr. Macklowe, who is considered highly creative but also litigious and a tough negotiator, adds a layer of complications.
If you’re part of that wave, here’s an important item for the to-do list: make sure your child has the right kind of health insurance .
It’s time to think again.
Then his company asked him to return to Houston for a promotion, so I asked Shell to accommodate me.
Sitting at Macao, nursing a water (he rarely drinks now), Mr. Gilroy said life looks good.
“Starting in 2007, Rolex put in substantial price increases, between 13 to 20 percent, that impacted middle- to upper middle-class clients already squeezed in the recession,” said Mr. Crowley, who has worked closely with watch retailers since 1980.
You have to deal with them at once, which is where the space issue comes in.”
He had become a silent spectator to the dark rehashing of his life, a mute figure in court these months, through his conviction on charges that he defrauded his mother and stole tens of millions of dollars from her, until the end, declining on Monday to add to this latest version to be told.
This spring, after one of Peggy Ann’s descendants stopped paying rent on two storage units in Connecticut full of Rohde papers, Leonard Jacobson, a memorabilia dealer in Watertown, bought the contents sight unseen at an auction.
And eventually, she passed away.
It is a point of pride to the show’s creators, a married gay couple, that the family, as a whole, runs well and evinces good cheer.
This would pay for trained attack dogs, positioned at every hole, to charge anyone pulling a cellphone from his pocket.
To the Editor: Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric Shinseki has proposed making it easier for servicemen and women to qualify for a diagnosis of post-traumatic stress disorder by reducing their paperwork and streamlining claims.
Driven to visualize the horror of the incident — to “imagine what it was like in that trailer,” he said — he made a 13-minute film, “Victoria Para Chino,” which won a prize at Sundance and a Student Academy Award.
“Why does the government want to rush into this bill when many don’t want it?” Senator Ben Cardin, Democrat of Maryland, was asked at a “town meeting” in Hagerstown.
Her parents work for Republic Clothing Group, an importer of women’s sportswear in New York.
Certainly the impression she transmits in person is one of irrepressible, ebullient energy and talent, perhaps a bit unruly at times, as the Santeria gods themselves are said to be.
The album's showpiece is the 13-minute ''Time Turns Elastic,'' with words and music by Mr. Anastasio.
Mr. Khodorkovsky is serving an eight-year sentence for tax evasion and fraud, and is on trial in Moscow on a separate charge of embezzlement.
This is a program that flourished during the privatization craze.
Instead, the international community should invest its resources in building a strong and effective Afghan judicial system.
He continues to be an inspiration to his devoted family and friends for his integrity, wisdom and keen sense of humor.
It killed three-fourths of the livestock, sank half the fishing fleet and salted more than a million acres of rice paddies with its seawater surges.
In Mr. Pokrovsky’s opinion, as he made repeatedly clear in interviews, operas were no rarefied relics but rather living organisms as vital to human survival as air.
ESPN’s John Hollinger said it was a sign the Nuggets were all grown up , but Yahoo’s Adrian Wojnarowski could not lay enough blame at the feet of the Hornets.
Still, Mr. Acosta was imposing yet vulnerable as the young god, entranced by a trio of supplicating women: Daria Klimentova, Begoña Cao and Ms. Chalendard.
“At what point do people stop considering the arguments because they are offended that they won’t accept their prior answer?” said Frank Schubert, a spokesman for ProtectMarriage.com , the leading group behind Proposition 8.
During his tenure with the Mets , Martinez was not the feared pitcher he was earlier in his career.
I’m a big fan of just classic TV — the old “Bob Newhart Show,” “Leave It to Beaver,” “The Andy Griffith Show.” There was something kind of comforting in that, episode after episode, they didn’t change that much.
Ms. Miller, 33, is keeping her name.
Most drugs like Mr. Levine’s are not banned for competitors, but some common treatments for asthma , menopause and inflammation contain steroids that can disqualify athletes if they do not get written medical exemptions.
Another guest, the soprano Renée Fleming, was featured in two works Mr. Previn conceived for her.
And General Motors threw in a wrinkle for new-car buyers on most 2009 and 2010 models: if not satisfied after 30 days, they have another 30 days in which to return the vehicle for a full refund.
IN “The Wrestler,” Mickey Rourke plays Randy (The Ram) Robinson, a big-time pro wrestler from the 1980s who has bought himself a one-way ticket to Palookaville.
During World War II, Mr. Braden served with the British and United States armies.
We’re more prone to celebrate Ted Turner, who made millions on billboards, created a whole new television category with CNN, almost lost it all trying to re-create a movie company and then got battered around in the AOL-Time Warner merger before heading back to the ranch.
Purdue, meanwhile, looks to carry out techniques used to map the interactions between people in social networks into the biological realm.
There is a reason some online travel sites can offer cheap hotel rooms: State and local governments contend that the sites are not paying all of their taxes.
Taylor Swift, the 19-year-old songwriter who headlined Madison Square Garden on Thursday night, will avenge herself.
Playing with her for four or five hours on a Saturday or Sunday clears my mind.
“But I also went for practice, you know, almost every day except obviously during the time of the birth and right after,” he said Sunday, adding, “My condition trainer was really happy with the work I put in.” For years the Williams sisters have juggled their tennis careers with myriad outside interests: fashion and interior design (Venus); and fashion, acting and writing (Serena).
Pace University is in the market for a large block of space, as is the New School, although their searches may take a while, Mr.
But in a sign of some softening of disagreement, at least over the gas business, the two prime ministers complimented each other graciously after the signing — a rarity in their relations.
“It’s looking at the situation from a real-world perspective,” he said.
4, went 16-4 in the minors and earned a September promotion to Chicago.
St. Luke’s Theater, 308 West 46th Street, Clinton, (212) 239-6200.
Several law enforcement and counterterrorism officials said the disclosure of their investigation left them with few concrete details about any possible plot, and court papers indicate that the inquiry was focused on “several individuals in the United States, Pakistan and elsewhere.” The apparent blind spots about the plot have left many officials concerned about what they do not know.
In each case, Beijing agreed to measures only after stronger American proposals had been watered down and after Russia, the Council’s other critic of stiff sanctions and a close ally of Iran, had signed off on the proposal.
New York City marshals can no longer enforce financial judgments.
This month, amid reports that businesses were beginning to receive new orders, Dorothy Thomas was still living in a homeless shelter, unemployed.
He is the teammate rookies seek out for advice.
“Athletes really do have fat in the right places, and they’re young in the right places.” Still, 30 years later, the public did not see it that way.
That ended the close relationship between Washington and Tehran and ushered in decades of confrontation that culminated in President Bush’s description of Iran in 2002 as part of an “axis of evil.” Three weeks ago, however, Mr. Obama promised in his inaugural address a new relationship with nations willing to “unclench” their fists, an offer he repeated at his news conference on Monday evening.
But after weeks of acrimony, with inflammatory statements a staple in the local news media, both countries on Tuesday finally agreed to suspend the expulsions, said Congo’s information minister, Lambert Mende.
Rock Hall Museum, 199 Broadway.
Mr. Eisenberg was released from prison in November but was jailed again for not plugging in his electronic monitoring bracelet.
Mr. Letterman made the remarks at the start of the taping of his Monday night show on CBS .
Having Armstrong in the race will push him to go faster, Contador said.
“He was like a technician of everything,” Mr. Aburedwan said.
Posada’s pinch-hit blast had sent the Yankees on their way to a 4-2 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays, and brought Jeter to the edge of a new record.
forensic experts, local police officers and an archaeologist continue to dig through the dirt, as the state medical investigator’s office works to identify the remaining bones.
Poured into a tall glass over ice and vodka, with a teaspoon of lime, it makes a Moscow Mule.
Matisse would have loved it.
They can win often and early in a stage race, he said, before leaving their teammates to toil until the finish.
Its experience will be closely watched in the industry.
Alex Rodriguez acknowledged Monday that he used performance-enhancing drugs while playing for the Texas Rangers from 2001 to 2003, a confession that casts doubt on the achievements of the player widely considered to be the best in baseball.
“We don’t need money,” said Nadia Ali, 35, at one of the forums in Tripoli.
“Businesses will have new customers and our government officials will have new opportunities to take bribes,” he wrote.
Mr. Mandela sets himself the considerably more improbable goal of uniting country behind the team.
Devoted father of Lucas and Abigail and father-in-law of Lisa and Linda.
Maurice Hinchey, who represents the area in Congress, said he was told by law enforcement officials that the gunman drove to the center in a car registered to his father and barricaded the center’s back door with it.
This year, Troika Dialog, a Moscow investment bank, estimated that Gazprom’s profit would drop to $16.7 billion on revenue of $104 billion.
“Our first game showed we are not here just to take part,” Ahmed Hassan, the team captain, said afterward.
Federal authorities on Friday warned security agencies around the country about attacks on mass transit.
After a session, the counselor determines how large a mortgage the borrower can afford.
(And was that a splash of Lil Wayne’s “Lollipop” near the end of “I Can Change”?)
Black helicopters could buzz spookily around.
It is not clear whether they retreated at Pyongyang’s request, but the incident clearly raises tensions.
The Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index gained 15.73 points, or 1.74 percent, to 919.53.
The legislation also shields 1.2 million acres of the Wyoming Range, a hunting ground that is home to half of Wyoming’s moose population, from oil and gas drilling.
Refrigerate until very cold, at least 4 hours or overnight.
Now, the conviction that the system must be rebuilt to curb future excesses forms a starting point for the reforms that will come under discussion in London.
It is not known if Mr. Prabhakaran, 54, remains in the last bit of territory held by the Tamil Tigers, or even if he is alive.
In 2001, Zoltar sued Qualcomm, the cellphone chip-set maker.
(The groups that conducted the survey, which was paid for in part by the Ford Foundation and the National Endowment for the Arts, publicized the survey through arts organizations and acknowledged that as a result it might not reflect the “experiences of the entire population of practicing artists in the United States.” But they added that the data were weighted to hew as closely as possible to Census Bureau demographics for artists.)
Prosecutors say that commissioning the film was the cold-blooded work of a woman who cared more about winning custody than protecting her daughter from emotional harm, a woman who then ordered a hit man to kill her husband in front of the child.
“The security team was marginalized,” Mr. Sherpao said.
Mr. Feeney said that all prices are submitted by the club and approved by the agency based on market research.
Don’t miss the green left, as I did.
I’m at the Inn at Castle Hill in Ipswich, on the early-20th-century seaside summer estate created by Richard T. Crane Jr., the Chicago plumbing magnate, and transformed into a 2,100-acre nature preserve that includes pristine Crane Beach.
The Cardinal (24-4, 15-1) can claim the conference title with home wins over Arizona and Arizona State this week.
Perhaps that’s just more analysis to help fill your “travel day.” Follow Leading Off on Twitter: twitter.com/zinsernyt
Fractional residences are also planned, but prices are not yet available.
His snares and high-hats were impeccable, and her lilting delivery brought levity to the song’s sinister lyrics.
Lusk, of Temecula, Calif., died Feb. 9 after he crashed while attempting a Hart Attack back flip at a competition in San José, Costa Rica.
The city’s ban on alcohol, shopping centers and theaters limited Zion’s economic options.
 To the Editor: President Obama writes, “I don’t believe anyone should be in charge of your health care decisions but you and your doctor.” If he truly believes this statement, then why has he also stated: “Maybe you’re better off not having the surgery, but taking the painkiller,” and that physicians do unnecessary tonsillectomies because it makes them more money?
His conversation with Ms. Sawyer didn’t shed new light on Iran’s actions or intentions (in fairness, interviews with heads of state rarely produce much news).
On “Gossip Girl,” Mr. Badgley plays Dan Humphrey, the perennially upstanding (if prolifically romantic) member of a cadre of privileged young New Yorkers.
It’s a painstaking process; it takes about eight hours for a scanning crew to cover half a mile of track.
“The Web site was a way to get out all the frustration of not having a column.” Over the years, the Internet has prevailed over print — in July he stopped writing his column in ESPN’s magazine.
It begins with three young people stumbling into a kind of waking nightmare.
And Phil Sheridan of The Inquirer says we’re looking at “ the best Philadelphia team of all time.
In his State of the Borough speech last month, the Brooklyn borough president, Marty Markowitz, said the area had become “a dining destination.” And New York magazine’s restaurant blog gave Cortelyou Road its imprimatur three years ago.
Belmont not only gave large amounts of her own money to these causes, she was also a tireless fund-raiser.
“To not act was irresponsible,” Mr. Henderek said.
This article is by Edmund L. Andrews , Andrew Ross Sorkin and Mary Williams Walsh .
“We’re 85 days into a two-year program here — we’re trying to get the money out as quickly as we can, but not too quickly, so we don’t end up really screwing up here,” Mr. Biden said.
On Wednesday Fox will broadcast a “director’s cut” of the episode, and on Friday it will repeat the first episode again while real-time Twitter messages from cast members appear at the bottom of the screen.
His punches landed with such propulsive fury that his nickname almost became Death Ray.
“Michael Mahnke: Paintings.” Both through Oct. 10.
The confetti was still falling at the Guy R. Brewer United Democratic Club, a fluorescent-lit hall on a street with neat two-story houses and sandwich shops protected by bulletproof glass, but the Queens volunteers were looking ahead.
Lochte was slowed in Beijing by an upset stomach he came down with after brushing his teeth with water from the tap in the athletes’ village.
“I was like, O.K., now I know what I’m doing,” which was to bring a larger audience to the Joshua Tree community he’d become a part of.
officials who for weeks had pressed the White House to withhold details about specific interrogation techniques.
That is when passengers’ full names are expected to be the same on reservations, boarding passes and government-issued identification.
Even Roethlisberger wanted to play Sunday.
Disagreements between Dr. Wild and the foundation, which administered his grant from the National Cancer Institute, led the foundation to discontinue support for his work in 1963.
who is now running the Chicago Red Stars, perhaps the biggest difference between now and 2000 is the embrace and rush to exploit new media.
Mr. Obama said doctors, nurses, hospitals , drug companies and AARP had supported efforts to overhaul health care.
To receive the bulbs, each family must hand over four energy-gobbling incandescent bulbs and a power bill as proof of address.
“There are some people who may want to go even higher, and we’d be happiest to do that.
“We don’t apply feelings to facts.” She even used a flat tone when talking about the “horrific tragedy” of 9/11, when she was living near the World Trade Center.
American Electric Power’s plan is to inject about 100,000 tons annually for two to five years, about 1.5 percent of Mountaineer’s yearly emissions of carbon dioxide.
Social costs for employers are also punishing, with more than 40 percent of gross wages in the federation going toward social security, health care and taxes.
Sony Cyber-shot DSC-T700 Sony’s ultra-slim camera ($380) looks great, but it’s annoyingly demanding.
Ms. Fiorina, 54, was the chief executive at Hewlitt-Packard from 1999 to 2005 and led the company’s $24 billion acquisition of Compaq Computer.
Missouri trailed by 2 points with 5 minutes 46 seconds to play, but the Tigers turned the ball over and UConn scored 7 unanswered points to take an 8-point lead.
The strikes were in support of allied ground forces, including American Special Operations forces.
Squibs of color swim around his head.
It was a reassuring result but still one-hundredth of a second slower than Gay’s 19.58 in New York in May.
You don’t want to be, ‘Booyah.’ ” Nearly all said they agonized over job applications that asked them whether they would like to identify their race.
Coral continued to enjoy a special place among jewelry and fashion lovers, until fairly recently.
And Raymond F. Gesteland, a professor of human genetics at the University of Utah, said “ ‘Adam’ will help the rest of the world look at Asperger’s with a new realistic light.” Dr. Gesteland also screened the animated feature, “Mary and Max,” which opened the Sundance festival.
The lawyers spoke on the condition of anonymity because they did not want to jeopardize their access to sensitive information.
“2010 will be a year of good news, but you will be building up problems for 2011.”
He and several other scenery makers have steered tons of materials to Ms. Clancy.
New Year’s Eve and no call, the first night in nearly seven years he hadn’t phoned, except for those times when the prison was locked down — when violence raged inside, sometimes for weeks.
Mr. Suky said all of the recent sales, which at $1,000 a square foot were about 15 percent below earlier sales, had gone to “my investor group,” as part of a plan to pay off the overdue debt, and refinance with a lower mortgage.
He did not need to.
David A. Paterson lashed out on Friday at critics who say he should not run for election, and he suggested that he was being undermined by an orchestrated, racially biased effort by the media to force him to step aside.
And Congress and President Obama are pushing for legislation that would make it much harder for companies to hike up interest rates and charge many of the sneaky fees that have been an easy source of revenue for years.
This was another of Mr. Lévi-Strauss’s recurring themes.
Stores with green awnings sell Irish gifts and crafts, Irish coffee and specialty food from Ireland.
By persisting with the war effort, he said, “We are protecting the streets of Britain.” Beyond demanding greater allied involvement, Mr. Brown said, the overall war strategy will involve a new “contract” with Mr. Karzai, an idea he said had developed “after the fullest possible consultation” with American leaders and the NATO secretary general, Anders Fogh Rasmussen.
Several people who saw the boy walking alone called 911.
“Marty made the saves; now we’ve just got to find a way.
“We could hang out with each other like human beings, normal people who don’t play tennis all day,” Tsonga said.
And, she said, Ms. Lucier was sometimes present in the apartment when the women arrived, but left before the assaults.
I’ve gotten hit by harder things,’ ” Ms. Mignano said.
My overhead sprinkler, for all its technological sophistication, is also a grossly inefficient way to water.
Mr. Hernandez, who pleaded guilty in the case, is to be sentenced this week.
Cisco hoped the virtual gig would showcase both the powers of its new servers and its TelePresence video conferencing technology, but it seemed that the company may have left cynical reporters with an unintended impression.
When asked at a Pentagon news conference if there was merit in asking Mr. Karzai to clean up his government and then holding up troops until he met specific goals, Mr. Gates replied that “my view on all of this is that improvements in governance in Afghanistan will be evolutionary.” He added: “We are not going to go from a situation where we have a fair amount of dissatisfaction now to believing that these problems have been solved in two weeks or a month, or on the basis of a single speech.” In Halifax on Friday, Mr. Gates said that the United States and other nations with troops in Afghanistan “look for the day when we can turn over that responsibility and begin bringing our troops home,” but he offered no hint of an end date and pledged to help Afghanistan develop its government and economy “over the long term.” Referring to what he has long said was the lack of American interest in the country after the Russians ended their occupation there two decades ago, he also said, “We are not going to do what we did in 1989 and turn our backs on Afghanistan.” Mr. Gates was in Halifax to attend a security conference organized by the German Marshall Fund of the United States.
The ad games appear, like a commercial, before a free app is used.
FIND NEW VENUES You don’t have to pay for a ballroom at the Ritz.
The Baltimore Orioles were one of the first teams to recognize the value of clustering their affiliates.
The Obama administration said Thursday that it would toughen standards for mountaintop-removal coal mining but would not end the practice as some environmental groups had hoped.
“Someone who is an all-arounder like Levi, good in the time trial, good on the climbs and good on the descents will do really well,” said Matt White, race director for the Garmin-Slipstream team and a former ProTour rider.
The death of Harold Pinter on Christmas Eve brings to an end his particular kind of classical drama.
Steven H. Waldbaum Scarsdale, N.Y., Oct. 28, 2009  To the Editor: Thank you to David Brooks for questioning the ability of government to set pay limits.
But there’s nothing to hold on to except for a flimsy glass partition — which seems like a recipe for disaster.
Even the United States is not eager to be the first to demand to inspect the freighter, the Kang Nam 1, some officials said.
Two groups of researchers, followed shortly by a third, independently reported that they could convert human skin cells into embryonic stem cells, bypassing embryos altogether.
He started talking like one of the show’s drug dealers (or was it a cop?).
Mr. West’s face, pouched and weary, makes a back story superfluous.
As the third-largest contributor in the alliance with 4,300 troops on the ground, Germany is currently debating a one-year renewal of a parliamentary mandate for the deployment which sets a maximum level of 4,500 troops.
The first two cases of the new illness in this country were detected in late March in Southern California.
The guard sent the clip to his brother in Moscow, who posted it online, and Mr. Allaberiyev’s fame blossomed into something extraordinary.
“Everyone is still asking, ‘Is there a bubble?’ ” Mr. Gao said.
Forward Carlos Pavón took the penalty kick for Honduras.
“It becomes easy to look at our patients as objects,” Dr. Krasner said, “rather than appreciating the meaning and joy of an experience, even if that experience is difficult.
Teachers on patrol were equipped with walkie-talkies.
“You get the message through body language,” and how the text is expressed, she said.
Paco March nodded at the mention of that connection.
But Mr. Hooks said the center’s location was an asset, not a burden.
's PC business, told me back in April.
Sort of like in 12th-grade advanced physics.
There is nothing more important to the well-being of our communities and our country.
After Mr. Cuomo dropped out of that race, the party failed to attract the 50,000 votes necessary for it to remain on future ballots and lost much of its clout.
While Ferraris were traditionally built by hand, this one gets its window glass from the company’s first robotic assembly unit — a jarring sight in an Old World shop where seamstresses still hand-sew the upholstery.
“I believed he was in good condition, and had some races left,” Jacobson said.
This week, the Obama administration summoned mortgage company executives to Washington to demand they move faster to lower payments for homeowners sliding toward foreclosure.
Every day more than 300 elementary school students eat meals prepared in the school kitchen that reflect the pride of the Garden State even though they go to school in an asphalt jungle.
Beyond specialty niches, some architecture firms are banking on commissions to refurbish or adapt existing properties, in lieu of new construction.
“He has lost confidence in the ability of the people there to run the town,” said Floyd Aylor, who oversees several of Mr. Pamplin’s enterprises, including a vast cattle ranch south of here.
“Everybody saw it.” Speaking by telephone from the funeral of one of victims, he called the attack “a complete cruel crime against civilians.” But an American military spokesman in Kabul, Chief Petty Officer Brian Naranjo, strongly disputed that account, calling it “completely unfounded.” Moving quickly to counter the allegations, the American military released photographs Tuesday evening of a grenade fragment that it said had been recovered from the scene.
The movie received cautious approval from Ebony and The Amsterdam News as well as some black nationalists, including Nikki Giovanni, and a critical drubbing from much of the mainstream press.
Here, though, the book is marred by language that betrays limited modesty and perhaps even limited self-knowledge.
She’s now 92, she’s a child of Italian immigrants who went on to be a social activist and fights for civil rights.
Without the garden, Mr. Tortorello’s food would probably be just boring or tasteless, a factor not included in the cost of the herb.
The proper wardrobe for social occasions must be acquired and updated.
Southanom Inthavong, the head of the country's Olympic Committee who has graduate degrees from universities in Moscow and Minnesota, answers the question with a question.
PHOTOS (PHOTOGRAPH BY KCNA/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES); (PHOTOGRAPH BY FRED CONRAD/THE NEW YORK TIMES); (PHOTOGRAPH BY MARK RALSTON/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE GETTY IMAGES); (PHOTOGRAPH BY THE NEW YORK TIMES); (PHOTOGRAPH BY KOJI SASAHARA/ASSOCIATED PRESS)
But those that stand include one of New York’s grandest public works, a two-mile-long rail tunnel under Park Avenue — which he fought bitterly every step of the way.
The most serious challenge to the policy is likely to come in July, when the Board of Supervisors is expected to take up a proposal that would apply the policy only to illegal juveniles found in court to have committed a felony.
Virtually every attempt to address the current debt crisis — from the government or the private sector — seeks only to kick our problems down the road in the misguided hope that somehow, some way we will climb out of the financial mess we got ourselves into.
“The Pictures Generation” can, with some adjustments, stand as the working model.
Swift as magic, he sliced a dozen flower-shaped wafers from the butt end of a carrot.
It’s sort of like making a hat.
As he did last year, Michael Phelps led off, but his split of 47.78 was 0.28 slower than in Beijing.
It was Castillo, the Mets’ second baseman, who famously dropped Alex Rodriguez’s popup with two outs in the bottom of the ninth at Yankee Stadium as Derek Jeter and Mark Teixeira scampered home with the tying and winning runs.
Being so familiar with every character’s motivation and back story, he may not have guided his actors to use them to enrich their performances.
She turned back to look at him.
(Geraldine Page won an Oscar for the same role in the 1985 film.)
“I would likely describe him as a moderate who is instinctively comfortable with a variety of progressive positions.
When the company files for bankruptcy, it will be among the largest to do so this year.
But her political rise was more unexpected, and jagged, than that suggests.
In a statement the orchestra said the cancellation was a result of the economic downturn and added that it “will not resume international touring activity until a recovery is well under way,” according to The Globe.
title game because of a favorable remaining schedule that is unlikely to include a game against a ranked opponent.
And I’m well known at most of the hardware stores and lumberyards within 30 miles of either house.
And she revamped her online dating profile to include a list of items that she might include in a fictional time capsule.” (A favorite book on tape, a chicken pot pie.)
Fortunately, Messi, as quiet as Maradona is boastful, has lightly carried the burdens of his Barcelona role this year.
“I will have to take revenge,” said Abu Fadi, who asked that his last name not be used.
We’d be highly impoverished without it, and patients would suffer needlessly without it.
“That outside post might have cost us a little bit.” The colt has the pedigree that says he is suited for the Derby’s mile-and-a-quarter route — after all, Flying Pegasus’s father is the 2000 Derby winner, Fusaichi Pegasus .
In 2005, Congress devised a program meant to ensure that this transition would be smooth.
In breast cancer surgery, the radioisotope is injected to find the lymph node nearest the tumor, so it can be biopsied for signs of cancer, to determine whether more extensive surgery is needed.
The Culture: Just waiting for someone to explain it to itself.
The measure is also opposed by antitax groups already upset at the passage of an additional 1 percent sales tax, which would be extended by two years under Proposition 1A, and at increased vehicle and income taxes.
“It’s going to be a rush, I think.”
The shots hit Officer Camacho in the vest, knocking him to the floor, and ripped the ballistic shield from Officer Molina’s grip.
The Kyoto pact covered countries responsible for just 29 percent of global emissions, he said.
“Right now,” Mr. Innuarato said, “they’re below break-even on cash flow.
In Pamela Paul’s article about the Kutil-Hess family, it’s clear that their acceptance as suitable parents requires them to downplay the physical intimacy they share.
He had often managed teams of I.T.
The Swiss teenager Lara Gut, 17, finished second, 0.56 seconds behind.
At the same time, the convenient concentration of so much human frailty has transformed the hotel into a living museum of sad stories.
He testified that from Dec. 26, 2000, to Dec. 18, 2003, he spoke either in person or on the phone with Mrs. Astor at least 30 times.
This experience is viewed as excellent preparation for tough situations that might arise in a new venture.
RED BANK Two River Theater Company “26 Miles,” drama by Quiara Alegria Hudes.
The Army was also late to recognize the dangers posed by a reliance on soft-skinned Humvees for troops in Iraq, and then was slow in buying and building better-armored troop transports.
Their DeLorean project is pitted against a competitor being quickly pulled together by another film veteran, the producer David Permut.
Their conclusion was that the relation between aggregate quarterback performance and draft position was weak.
Apparently, persuading cell carriers to treat their customers decently would take an act of Congress.
In another column, he said that the Obama stimulus package ought to be funneled to truly transformative ideas rather than simply being used to fix bridges and buildings.
Though the film cannot rightly be characterized as soft — the cruel, often funny verbal barbs invest it with pleasurable prickliness — there’s a certain reserve, even hesitancy to his direction that in part may have something to do with the conundrum presented by Ms. Pfeiffer’s casting.
was eliminating jobs in that division.
7 Oregon, meaning that three other undefeated teams can claim better wins than Texas.
Plain rain gloves may be worn, and a towel may be used to grip the club during a stroke (Rule 14-3c).
Activision has not done its best work with Prototype.
The decline in investment “not only has a short-term negative effect.
2 was Lleyton Hewitt in July 2005.
He at least has been nominated this time for Saturday’s doubles, but the Czech captain Jarsolav Navratil is likely to revert to Stepanek and Berrdych unless they give the Czechs a 2-0 lead on Friday.
But the inspector general’s review raised broad questions about the legality, political acceptability and effectiveness of the harshest of the C.I.A.’s methods, including some not authorized by the Justice Department and others that were approved, like the near-drowning technique of waterboarding .
The second is a lawyer who was married 20 years, adopted three children and turned down a job at a big firm to devote his life to pro bono work.
Teams are reluctant to use starters on three days’ rest, even their best ones, because they do it so infrequently during the regular season.
“I expect that the savings rate will end up at the end of this recession higher than it was going into it,” said Jonathan A. Parker, a finance professor at the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University .
The violence is unfolding less than three weeks before the country’s presidential election , with many polling stations in areas where control is under dispute.
He remains an employee of the newspaper.
But this reaction has not translated into an Afghan demand for the withdrawal of foreign military forces.
Seamus Mullen, the chef and an owner of the Boqueria restaurants in the Flatiron district and SoHo, uses a wire cake tester.
An article in The Journal of Personality and Social Psychology presented the argument that feelings of sadness and isolation can spread from the folks who are feeling them not only to their friends but also to their friends’ friends.
They have gathered enough evidence to prove that his scientific prey — an organism a bit larger than a poker chip — represents one of the world’s oldest living fossils, perhaps the oldest.
Then 13th-seeded St. John's followed by bruising its way to its second win over Georgetown in a week, 64-59.
It also rents accessories like children’s trailers and offers tours and maps in some areas.
I wondered what would fit in there and then it dawned on me: a slim can of Red Bull.
“The government is afraid that with such a large number of vehicles going in and out of the camps, some L.T.T.E.
He shares many of his raw materials with bands like Sigur Ros, Pink Floyd and New Order, but M83 brings to them a certain delicacy and diffidence, as if it’s always aware that its dream worlds are fragile.
Federal stimulus spending has helped cushion the blow.
Sometimes she gets e-mail messages from friends who have caught a glimpse of her and comment on her unusual form: she runs fists clenched, her arms across her chest, Rocky-style.
“But then I thought: ‘Look at this.
The experience made me more optimistic.
“Nowadays with software you can really scale your business, and being in the software business is much easier than being in the brokerage business.” (He still owns a brokerage, Metro Entertainment, which sells through TicketNetwork.)
The last-place Liberty pulled three games behind Chicago for the fourth and final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference.
Sunil Kaul, the chief of Vertical Circuits, says the design can save device makers space and let them use larger, higher-capacity chips.
Sales of convenient meals in the United States rose 8.2 percent, driven by sales of DiGiorno frozen pizza and Oscar Mayer meats.
Fidgeting strings conveyed a nervy energy under sustained woodwind and brass tones, with glockenspiel, vibraphone and cymbals providing a shimmering patina.
By purchasing the company, Hydro Québec gains direct access to portions of Maine and New Hampshire.
“I just told the guys, look forward and don’t look back,” Norman said.
Dream role: I want to play Martha in “Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf?” Because she’s a salty old alcoholic like I hope to be one day.
Her neck and shoulders can yield creamily, and her head falls back, ecstatically.
(The fund, by the way, was down 48 percent for 2008.)
Some structures have a renewed purpose as a result of the revival of small-scale agriculture.
Roger that.” Carithers wrote: “The only possible basis for a defamation action would be if Daly proved that one of the four underlying facts was false, but there is no genuine dispute with respect to any of the underlying facts.”
When a shop is called Balls and describes its business as men’s lingerie, it’s not out of the question to have visions of fetish latex body suits and silky male thongs.
But stabilization of the investment ratio at a lower level would reduce the potential output in the following years,” he argued in a special report.
Some of the big developments along the famed Costas of southeastern Spain are starting to look like dusty archaeological sites, with faded banners over half-finished apartment blocks and dessicated golf courses.
He says 2005, she says 2006.
Back in Cuba, he suspended work on it to write “The Dangerous Summer,” about those bullfights, for Life magazine.
The picture became clear when they visited Montana and one of his friends informed her that MacKenzie had been the stinkiest of the stinky hippies.
Representative Nita M. Lowey and Andrew J. Spano, the county executive, each encouraged the new alliance’s efforts, prompting applause from the dozens of riders and municipal planners in attendance.
They have turned their historic sport into a sham in the last two years and have managed to do so in the age of Michael Phelps, the greatest swimmer of all time, irrespective of suits.
The condos, which are in two six-story brick buildings, at 117 and 121 Edgecombe Avenue (separated by the third lot, which was caught up in a title dispute), have asking prices from $539,000 to nearly $700,000 for two- and three-bedroom apartments.
Open until 10 p.m. Monday to Wednesday, and 2 a.m. Thursday through Saturday, the market’s night brings long lines at Daniel Sorlut, an oyster and Champagne bar, and La Fromagerie , where tapas of nutty goat cheese are 1 euro.
Economists say it is for companies confident of a rebound when the economy improves.
“That’s just history looking me in the face,” Phillips said.
The Monmouth County Library on Symmes Drive is also a popular gathering place, with art exhibits, book and bridge clubs, films and concerts.
“We’re 22, and my parents just cut me off: ‘You’re paying for your flu shot yourself,’ ” Ms. Cooper said.
One was about being on a boat, trying to catch up with the gold that a sunset was spreading across the sea, not realizing that he was in the gold all along.
Buying and selling at the wrong time is a common hazard in markets that shift gears so quickly, as this one did back in March.
As the value of the Colombian peso declined and the cost of living increased, so, too, did mortgage payments.
Even so, each idea to cut spending or raise taxes has political pitfalls.
Is that actor race an issue of public, or even cultural moment?
The league was angry that the union remained silent while the players challenged in court the league's right to administer its policy.
To me, this is where the new passion for local foods finds its real meaning, and the best news is that Iowa is not alone.
Even before their wedding, in 1946, he said, she insisted that he move the Cowles headquarters from Iowa to New York, and that he personally edit and change Look’s image.
“Internally, we’re playing fast and loose and tossing around twenty ten,” Paul Venables, creative director at the Audi agency, Venables Bell & Partners in San Francisco, wrote in an e-mail message.
Some 4,000 new small farms have been created since 2002.
“Eau de Voilette,” a common toilet-water flask lightly touched up by Marcel Duchamp, the inventor of Dada who promoted absurdly banal objects to an art form, lived up to the French intellectual’s sense of derision.
As of now he will conduct only the Sixth through Ninth Symphonies.
But a recent decision by New York State to make them mandatory for all hospital employees has reinvigorated those rumors on the Internet.
“See,” the Oedipally oddball W. replied, “the interesting thing is that a president has got plenty of advisers, but what a president never has is someone who gave him unconditional love.” He talks about his father, the commander in chief who went to war with Saddam before he did, like a puppy.
''We're taking a close look,'' a prosecutor in Bochum, Germany, Gerrit Gabriel, said.
But at the Esperanza of Asbury Park, work was halted with the construction just above ground level, while at the failed Centuria project in Fort Lee, the land is up for sale again.
In Hong Kong, a desperate woman who had lost her job threatened suicide while speaking to the territory’s chief executive, Donald Tsang, during a call-in radio show last Thursday.
But persistently high unemployment will over time make that argument more difficult to sell, especially if coupled with additional economic setbacks.
Mr. Reta ran away from home, living for a time at a girlfriend’s house.
And in fact, it did.
After a bailout that has made the British government its largest and most influential shareholder, the bank’s once cosseted executives are adjusting to a life that is both leaner and meaner.
In the women’s tournament, very much a secondary concern for the last 48 hours, Serena Williams kept the drama (and unforced errors) to a minimum for a change: defeating 24th-seeded Aleksandra Wozniak of Canada, 6-1, 6-2.
“The will of the voters is under attack once again,” read a statement attributed to Andrew P. Pugno, the general counsel for Protectmarriage.com , the leading group behind Proposition 8.
Jeanne Rimsky Theater at the Landmark on Main Street, 232 Main Street.
Mr. Geithner, in the words of one participant, was “hell bent” on a plan to use the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to guarantee debt issued by bank holding companies.
A party-guy reputation borne out by the elements (drugs, infidelity, name dropping and social climbing) that loom large in his fiction.
The visible shift began in 1987 with the conversion of nearly 2,000 evangelical Christians, led by Peter E. Gillquist and other alumni of the Dallas Theological Seminary and the Campus Crusade for Christ .
General Perkins called the news briefing to detail the charges against Mr. Mashhadani, which he said included extortion, kidnapping and terrorism, all committed since 2008.
While his immigration case proceeds, he remains unauthorized to apply for a job.
If three diamonds was going down one, plus 100 would be a bad result, but plus 200 would be excellent.
In Dr. Kamrava’s case, however, those numbers were among the lowest in the nation.
In January, Mr. Obama prayed at his first Sunday service here at Nineteenth Street Baptist Church, where hundreds of black professionals worship in a gleaming white sanctuary well beyond this city’s corridors of power.
In an appearance at a grammar school last week down the road from Beaver Creek in Edwards, Colo., Miller was tactful in his answers to questions about his career posed by the children.
“He’d hit a forehand winner and bow to the crowd,” Dell said.
Jane Roberts Redlands, Calif., April 5, 2009  To the Editor: Those of us who are devoting our careers to improving women’s and children’s health were delighted to read Nicholas D. Kristof’s endorsement of our effort.
The dreams you set out to achieve in your 20s — gazing into each other’s eyes in candlelit city bistros when you were single and skinny — have for the most part come true.
There are two major reasons for this: One is black poverty, which, at almost 25 percent, stands at three times the white rate, just as it did in 1970.
There are new realities and drug testing is one of them.
Last spring, both parties agreed to defer discussing any changes until 2013.
Pennetta is the leader today, having won eight tournaments in her career, including two this summer.
... Allison Schmitt, another Olympian, finished first.
The Giro organizers have found room for two teams even more unsung — ISD and Xacobeo Galicia — “and they have to explain to the Italian fans why national honors are no longer respected.” Armstrong could have helped him, Simeoni said.
As we grow older, human hair follicles begin to produce hydrogen peroxide, blocking the follicle’s ability to make melanin, the pigment that gives hair its color.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY WOJCIECH GRZEDZINSKI FOR THE INTERNATIONAL HERALD TRIBUNE)(pg.
Sales in the top half of the market remain slow.
Then he briefly brandished a stick before being restrained by the assistant Jim Schoenfeld.
He then talked in some detail about fighting a lawsuit that accused New York City of using discriminatory tests to screen candidates for the Fire Department.
Mr. Roth spent the 1990s looking to give Beef Products a competitive edge by turning fatty slaughterhouse trimmings into usable lean beef.
Jan. 23 at 7:30 p.m. $5.
To keep going, Maggie smokes a pipe of crystal meth now and then.
They were disciplined and precise.
Push it into your mouth and keep pushing it until it is all gone.” But the Queen of England could not conjure her inner Ebbets Field bleacher bum.
On paper, Advanced Technology's moves have some obvious merits.
Their target guest: the business executive on an expense account.
“You need it to get to that level of instruction,” Ms. DiCanto said.
The survey warns that the big donations are unlikely to solve immediate budget concerns, because about half of all gifts are earmarked by donors to be used for endowments or other capital investments, and cannot be used for current expenses.
I just kept hitting those spinners to the right.
It led to an upstate boom, and the industries, inventions and ideas that sprung up in the vicinity of the waterway helped create the modern world: the first factories for building mechanical harvesters (Brockport in the 1840s) and for making cheese (Rome, 1851); the invention of the Kodak camera (Rochester, 1888); an early large-scale hydroelectric plant (Niagara Falls, 1895); the start of the women’s movement (Seneca Falls, 1848); the creation of Jell-O (Le Roy, 1897).
DNA may be the only way to know for sure.
In 2008, more new hotels went up.
Arnold Schwarzenegger has appointed an inspector general to act as watchdog over the estimated $50 billion in federal stimulus money to be disbursed to cities and organizations in California.
Even if the ministers pass the agreement, as it is predicted they will, it will take some time before the money starts flowing.
During the interview, “leverage your referrals,” she said, finding ways to highlight the people you know within the company.
Naral’s president, Kelli Conlin, has been among those calling for Mr. Monserrate’s resignation.
“The message was, ‘Don’t worry, you can offset the emissions,’ ” he said.
A graduate of University of Pennsylvania School of Architecture he became one of the nation's leading experts on Criminal Justice Facilities and most recently was a key member of the NYC School Authority architecture team.
The big question might really be, Can Germans finally give themselves over to laughing at Jews, gay people and just about everybody and anybody else whom Mr. Brooks skewers, turning the tables on Hitler’s own hate list?
Jack Wisor, won as the town of Brookville agreed to pay $100,000 and let him reopen the Just for Jesus shelter after inspectors had broken into the church in a harebrained attempt to prove it had violated zoning laws.
Gavigan was born on April 24, 1935 in Brooklyn, NY to Peter and Anna (O'Brien) Gavigan.
The Carlson School of Management rises from the asphalt like a monument to capitalist ambition.
It takes longer.” Despite her troubled pregnancy, Ms. Hare tried another round of in-vitro after Carter was born, this time undergoing a more invasive surgery that stitches the lower part of the uterus and the upper cervix together and requires an abdominal incision.
Shipping companies, meanwhile, faced with an enormous glut of ships because of the economic downturn, are trying to sell more of the vessels for scrap and have been hostile to rules that would drive up their costs.
This sudden appetite for Italian dishes seems to arise from their potency as comfort food, and the comfort factor seems to have grown in importance as Swiss banks have felt the pinch of the financial crisis.
Even though I know that Mr. Sondheim himself approved and collaborated on the rewriting, and though the songs do scan well in Spanish, I missed the original words.
Their products include cable set-top boxes, police radios and cellular network equipment.
It became one of the longest-running new plays of the last decade, and in London it played a smash run at the National Theater.
The inn’s elegant restaurant is a popular destination for Parisians attracted to its well-prepared local seasonal game including deer, duck and wild boar.
These contradictory impulses were underscored this month when the former Soviet republic of Kyrgyzstan announced that a crucial American military base that supplies forces in nearby Afghanistan would be closed — apparently at Moscow’s urging.
Now, a year after his historic and uplifting election, he has decided to pour more troops into a war in Afghanistan that has dragged on for more than eight long years.
The roommate became a couple, and when that couple moved out last year, they took dishes, silverware and a couch with them, without asking, Ms. Gunderson said.
An all-star salute presented by the Academy of Country Music and honoring George Strait as its Artist of the Decade roped in 10.6 million viewers on Wednesday night and steered CBS to a ratings victory, according to Nielsen’s estimates.
I’m going to go out and do my best, and if I make it, I think it would be the best day in my career so far.”
Just how the human brain works remains one of the greatest mysteries in science.
“A plant alone in a jungle is kind of boring,” Ms. Stewart says.
In addition to expanding the number of positions, the bill would raise the education stipend for volunteers to $5,350 — the same amount as a Pell Grant.
The next year, it did.
“Everybody is looking around saying, ‘Where is a robust recovery going to come from?’ and not finding it,” said Heidi Shierholz, an economist at the labor-oriented Economic Policy Institute in Washington.
The families of these fallen soldiers should have a lot of input on the decision of whether or not the remains of their loved ones should be publicized in this manner.
“We’re seeing very strong sales in a few states and weak sales across 40 states,” said Patrick Newport, United States economist at IHS Global Insight.
And Lawrence Taylor is out on “Dancing With the Stars” in the show’s seventh week.
The Montpellier defender Emir Spahic contracted the virus in August.
The sixth-place finisher turned out to be a pretty good player as well.
The harsh truth: we never had it in the first place.
One of its main fund-raising events, an art show, lost its sponsor, Lehman Brothers (“That’s $200,000 right off the bat,” Ms. Middleton-Jeter said), and ended up making only $600,000 rather than the expected $1.2 million.
That’s not exactly right, although she will have completed a course licensed by the New York State Department of Education.
Others, like President Omar Hassan al-Bashir and Ahmad Harun of Sudan, are officials of governments eager to shield them from justice.
He couldn’t speak except for pant-hoots and teeth-clacking, whimpering grunts and hooing, but he could, and did, allow photographs with his multitude of fans.
Genetic evidence of Asian carp — a mammoth, voracious, non-native conqueror among fish, long established in the Mississippi River — has turned up just a few miles from Lake Michigan in the waterway that links the river system to the lake.
Four other policemen, including another traffic officer, died in four additional attacks, according to a police official speaking on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak with the news media.
“It would just be us being the same as each other again.”
A game that ends, 4-3, in modern soccer is to be cherished, and it’s unlikely that Bloemfontein will witness a more uplifting match next year.
On the bright side, money from the Henry Luce Foundation has resulted in a catalog in which the exhibition curator, Lisa Chalif, usefully summarizes aspects of Chase’s career, including the astonishing breadth of his influence as a teacher in New York and at his popular school in Shinnecock Hills on the East End.
With that as evidence, Ms. Curtis was sentenced in February under 2008 British government directives that regard prolonged texting as a serious aggravating factor in “death by dangerous driving” — just like drinking — and generally recommend four to seven years in prison.
You essentially built the office portfolio at Rockrose, yet you were willing to let it go.
there aren’t enough tears to wash this sorrow away.
For 13 years, a Norwegian oil company has been injecting one million metric tons of carbon dioxide per year into a sandstone reservoir beneath the North Sea between Scotland and Norway.
He has promised to repay the costs.
“But size may, at least, become noxious by reason of the means through which it is attained or the uses to which it is put.” Today, amid the wreckage of the gravest financial crisis since the Great Depression , bigness is one of our biggest problems.
She retired to Whidbey Island, WA in 2003.
Beet greens would also do the trick.
NEW PRESTON Hopkins Vineyards “History of Hopkins Farming,” photographs from the Hopkins family album.
Deer, coyotes and a porcupine in a tree were spotted on the Columbia’s left bank, which is Hanford Site property.
Phelps helped bring about the ban by swimming’s international governing body, FINA, with his strenuous objections to the new suits at the world championships over the summer.
“Cold Souls” is rated PG-13 (Parents strongly cautioned).
Goldwyn hired him as a publicity agent at $125 a week.
The presentation of the paintings in this busy environment is annoying at first.
That changed in the fourth when Japan’s first legitimate double, from designated hitter Atsunori Inaba, put runners on second and third and set up the game’s pivotal play.
In Rome, they arranged for Malia and Sasha to make gelato and to see how fresh fruit — bananas and blackberries, in particular — can be transformed into mouthwatering sweetness.
Paramount Center for the Arts, 1008 Brown Street.
“He could go back to some of the populist messages that he did have in his first term — keeping the neighborhoods strong and stable, making sure the schools are strong — but not doing it in a way that’s perceived as dictated from above.” Playing Nice With Others Mr. Bloomberg, the billionaire founder of the financial services company that bears his name, is used to running things by himself, and has had considerable success with that approach.
Most economists still expect joblessness to get worse before it gets better.
It wants to appease anyone who gets ticked off when a romantic comedy shows an accomplished woman in a skirt suit giving it all up for a jobless, slovenly idiot.
Keflezighi never ran competitively before he came to the United States, and he did all his training here.
Levi Leipheimer, an American rider on the Astana team, withdrew from the Tour de France on Friday morning with a broken right wrist.
8 seed and stunned everyone by toppling mighty Georgetown in the national title game.
South Church, 90 Main Street.
Elsewhere, Indian tour companies have sprung up to guide travelers through off-reservation sites that also offer insight into Indian life and the Native American past.
That, she said, is her kind of market research — market research in her own home.
A. I was giving guys concussions because I’d think they’d come out to block me.
“Right after that fumble I had it was still kind of on my mind,” he said.
“Three different times I had turned down higher-paying jobs to stay at Louisiana Tech.
I had no idea what to expect from the silk jumpsuit — silk pants attached to a blousy kimono top — but it was quite smart; very Yoko, circa 1979.
Mr. Lloyd is survived by his wife, Arline, whom he married in 1958; a sister, Sally; two daughters, Julie and Amy; and three sons, Douglas, Christopher and Stephen, the last two of whom are television writers.
No true fan of Warren Miller ski movies has a favorite, and it’s not because each of the 60 is special in its own way, but because they are all pretty much the same.
While the global economy is beginning to show signs of recovery, industry officials and analysts say they do not expect revenue from international premium air travel to return to the previous level soon — if ever.
Ninety-three percent of students are black and 5 percent Hispanic; some 97 percent qualify for free or reduced lunch.
Republicans’ naysaying on health care, after their nearly unanimous opposition to Mr. Obama’s economic stimulus package , has already drawn rare rebukes from an array of prominent party figures outside Capitol Hill, who say the party should be for something, not just against.
His modus operandi, the documents say, was to hand the drugs, wrapped in a napkin, to his customers at the bar in exchange for as much as $200 at a time.
(The writer A. J. Liebling liked the pork chops there.)
Mr. Acosta conveyed the pirouettes and spinning Rococo flourishes in the music through loose-limbed, saucy turns and leaps.
And this year, public outrage over corruption has caused mass demonstrations — like one in June, when thousands of people in the eastern city of Shishou rioted after a cook died mysteriously in a hotel believed to be controlled by corrupt officials.
Lisa Feder-Feitel, 53, who works for a nonprofit organization, puts it a different way.
(Bahr also found that the obesity epidemic could be reversed quickly, with only 1 percent of the entire population losing weight, so long as the dieters were placed in precisely the right spots.
But it is still Pyongyang’s main economic benefactor and has shown a willingness to exploit loopholes in the sanctions.
Iguodala made one of the two free throws, and the Nets had 1.8 seconds remaining and a 1-point deficit facing them.
“The school was out of control, to be honest,” said Ms. Lovelace, 39, describing its reputation then as a “dumping ground.” Cutting class was rampant, and students were often robbed, she said.
They are usually sent from a BlackBerry that her children have taught her to use.
But federal prosecutors said Mr. Rana knew in advance about the Mumbai plot and commended the attacks.
In May, Senator Edward M. Kennedy, the late Massachusetts Democrat, and Representative Rosa DeLauro, a Connecticut Democrat, introduced bills in the Senate and House that would guarantee seven paid sick days to all workers at businesses with 15 or more employees.
In “Hedda Gabler,” it’s a gunshot.
Mr. Chamberlain was an original member of the group, started by the guitarist and singer-songwriter Billy Corgan in 1988.
Because Mr. Zazi learned he was being followed, “we had to ratchet it up before we had the full picture.”
But Tishman Speyer, which manages the complex, does not plan to start renting any vacant apartments until the matter is settled for good.
According to the Weston A.
For example, with 34 ... Be7 35 Rb6 Bc5 36 Rc5 Qd1 36 Qf1, White would be up a piece.
“Or acting,” he says, then makes another phone call.
Among men, make much better choices, the study found; fewer than 2 percent wore bad shoes.
It is rare for a journalist to work simultaneously as the editorial overseer of the Web site of the most important player in the sport.
Since I arrived, the company has developed products like Craisins dried cranberries; Cranergy, an energy drink; and white cranberry juice.
United is 3 points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Stephen Jones, who bounced back from a poor kicking day in Pretoria by landing all six of his kicks at goal, added five points.
Mr. Morello declined to discuss how officers subdued Mr. Mobley, saying the matter was under investigation.
Justice Minister Brigitte Zypries, a Social Democrat, said that Mr. Guttenberg had wasted taxpayers’ money and that it was the responsibility of her ministry, not his, to oversee the preparation of the legislation.
Mr. Reshef said the university would apply for accreditation as soon as possible.
So have doctors, who used to urge their patients to back the party.
Those increases were especially significant in the Third Precinct in southwestern Yonkers — 34 cases in January compared with 27 in January 2008, and 44 in February compared with 28 incidents in February 2008.
Still, there was something left to do.
In “Peepshow,” created by the Broadway director and choreographer Jerry Mitchell (“Legally Blonde”), Ms. Madison plays the timid Bo Peep, who is led to a sexual awakening by the Peep Diva.
There are no recipes, but its author, Elena Kostioukovitch, has deciphered a large chunk of the culinary code that is second nature to Italians: knowledge about agriculture, festivals and cooking.
Would Richards have been a better author if he’d written less?
“Whenever you have a Pakistani and an Indian doing something together, there is a political discussion or dispute.” A Google spokeswoman, Elaine Filadelfo, said Google sometimes blocked changes to contentious areas “with an eye to avoiding back-and-forth editing.”
Often, policy makers and business leaders step forward and say that nobody should be fearful.
The deal ended in the early hours of June 22, 1941, when Hitler double-crossed his ally and invaded the USSR, quickly capturing all the lands assigned to Stalin.
A United Nations report released last week found that donations have fallen $35 billion short of the pledges made by the Group of Eight industrialized countries in 2005.
CIRIGLIANO--Angelina "Ann", formerly of Westbury, NY died Friday, January 30, 2009.
He uses 2,200 gallons of gas a year driving his truck all over Cape Cod, and with the recent fall in prices at the pump, he has cut his prices 10 percent.
position is that as a whole generic drugs do work as well as name-brand drugs.” Yet, after hundreds of consumers posted messages about problems with the generic drug Budeprion XL 300 on the People’s Pharmacy Web site, Mr. Graedon worked with an independent laboratory, ConsumerLab.com, to test the drug, which in other generic versions is typically known as bupropion.
At this point, my memory is Swiss cheese, so I don’t know.
For refiners, this gilded period turned out to have been an anomaly.
Open Monday to Saturday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Ray Rivera, founder of the Latino Pastoral Action Center in the Bronx, a network of evangelical ministries that promotes economic development and operates a charter school .
“It happened so quickly,” said Alessandra Lucia Coruzzi.
THE BILL Lunch items, $9 to $13.
In a country wrestling with health and obesity issues, it seems more than petty to complain that thousands of newly minted athletes are spoiling it for the fleeter few.
“It’s been a mix of bearing witness to the buzz and feeding it,” he said of the Web site’s coverage.
The Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle revealed this week that it will not have adequate capital when it files its year-end numbers.
Her husband’s observations may have helped fuel her vivid stories, according to Ms. Dalby.
Other elements of the promotion, now getting under way, include star turns by actors like Rose McGowan; cinematic window displays; tie-ins with movie studios like Columbia, Fox Searchlight, Pixar, Universal and Warner Brothers; partnerships with film festivals around the country; a sponsorship by the Turner Classic Movies cable channel; events in stores; film-themed catalogs and shopping bags; free movie tickets, DVDs and movie books; and publicity for coming theatrical films like “Amelia,” and “Taking Woodstock.”  Because the campaign, which is set to run through mid-October, focuses on film during an economic downturn, it brings to mind the love affair that America had with Hollywood in the Great Depression .
I took off my cheap gloves and attempted to reanimate my fingers, bending them twice every minute or so.
“If we do not change course, we’ll hand our children a situation that is out of their control.” The resulting calamities, Dr. Hansen and other like-minded scientists have warned, could be widespread and overwhelming: the loss of untold species as ocean reefs and forests are disrupted; the transformation of the Amazon into parched savanna; a dangerous rise in sea levels resulting from the melting of the mile-high ice sheets in West Antarctica and Greenland; and the thawing of the Arctic tundra, which would release torrents of the greenhouse gas methane into the atmosphere.
“He messes you up,” said Boston’s Dustin Pedroia, who has faced Wakefield in spring training.
Would you say that literature has overemphasized the darker side of sisterhood?
“My intention is not to have a big red blobby thing,” he said.
In fact, Mr. Law’s connection to Pinter — the young actor co-starred with Michael Caine in the misbegotten 2007 film remake of “Sleuth,” scripted by the dramatist — doesn’t run as deep as that of Ms. Wilton, who, among other credits, played the adulterous Emma in the 1978 National premiere of “Betrayal.” But the excitement Sunday lay in watching more than two dozen actors, ranging from the Oscar winner Jeremy Irons to students from the west London drama school, LAMDA, honor the full range of work from a writer who more often than not stripped language away in inverse proportion to Mr. Stoppard’s fondness for celebrating verbal extravagance.
In an interview, Mrs. Rajavi said she was prepared to return to Tehran to run for elected office if the regime were forced out.
OUTDOOR SPACE: A flagstone patio and, over a small retaining wall, a backyard shared with the other tenants.
The changes also restrict the Google catalog to books published in the United States, Britain, Australia or Canada.
Eleanor Perenyi, a writer and deliciously opinionated amateur gardener whose book “Green Thoughts” is widely considered a classic of garden writing, died Sunday in Westerly, R.I. She was 91 and had lived in Stonington, Conn., for many years.
“She always said hi.” Near the elevator doors on Tuesday, beside the usual notices about trash pickup and pool rules, was a note informing neighbors of Ms. McMillan’s death.
I can’t speak for all military colleges, but the federal military academies do not have that problem.
“It’s not even a search, dog,” he said.
Information on properties is provided by the listing companies.
Mike Weir of Canada got a semi-off-key rendition of “O Canada,” and smiled as he left the green.
I have to be able to make it through a dinner.
Over the years, mention of the word “ Microsoft ” has set off a variety of emotions.
After he returned to Ohio, Mr. Allen said he met some clients for dinner.
The arena was lifeless at tip-off, the crowd having been otherwise diverted to the Bronx, their couches or the nearest bar with a flat-screen television.
What is surprising is the increasingly ambiguous position Mr. Reagan holds on the right.
“We all worried about who you were going to hear about next.
In 2008, the studios discovered that audiences would pay ticket prices of up to $25 to see a movie in 3-D (“Hannah Montana/Miley Cyrus: Best of Both Worlds Concert Tour”).
For the teenage audience currently packing the multiplexes for “Saw VI,” horror movies from the ’80s and ’90s may already look quaint.
H. Irving Grousbeck, co-founder of Continental Cablevision (later Media One) and now a consulting professor of business at Stanford University, helped originate the business model a quarter of a century ago and has been studying it ever since.
Even though nine starters will return on offense for the Trojans, they will have to break in a new quarterback from among the sophomore Aaron Corp, the junior Mitch Mustain, the senior Garrett Green and the incoming freshman Matt Barkley, who will enroll in the spring.
“Sure, you can build a hospital and get a plaque with your name on it,” she said.
He does point to problems with enforcement.
Adobe, which wants to create the standard publishing software for the tablets, is working with both manufacturers and publishers.
Elegant men with cigarettes between their fingers occasionally enter the frame, encountering women who appear utterly indifferent to their attention.
Although prosecutors spoke of tens of millions of dollars in potential gain for Mr. Jefferson and his relatives, most of the schemes never materialized and far less money changed hands.
“Buried treasure,” said one man, pulling a handful of old coins out of his pocket that he had found in the dirt, change that had fallen out of people’s pockets when they had been turned upside down.
CHARM SCHOOL Marc Jacobs cardigan, $2,300, top, $625, shorts, $1,600, and sandals.
“It’s simply a bellwether,” said Bill Patterson, a senior analyst at Mintel who examined trends in men’s underwear sales.
The Patriots thump you over the head with greatness.
The mobility of the software has broken some of the traditional, linear connections among computers, storage systems and networking hardware.
This has given Chinese exporters a growing competitive advantage over their rivals, especially producers in other developing countries.
As always, read the fine print.
The New York Times Company recently said that without major concessions from unions at The Boston Globe, it might close that paper.
These days, the meaning of meat is anything but a boutique academic concern.
“While everyone else is closing, we are expanding,” Mr. Gallo said.
It was 14 years ago on the same floor that U.C.L.A.’s Tyus Edney raced the length of the court in 4.8 seconds to bank in a shot at the buzzer to beat Missouri.
But the bank cannot afford to simply pass out money, Mr. Shuster said, or everyone involved will lose — the borrower, who would probably default on the loan; the bank, which would experience bigger losses; and the federal government, which is counting on Independent to pay back the $72 million, along with 5 percent dividend payments.
The 20-year-old Shin was five strokes behind Hull at the start of the round and four back with nine holes to play.
He received his first important commissions in the early 1940s, including incidental music for a production of Shakespeare's ''Tempest,'' which he later arranged as a suite for orchestra.
It was in December that the Army told Medtronic about the results of its inquiry.
For directions, please visit www.msmc.us
The Yankees want the Rodriguez saga to vanish, but they have acknowledged it will have staying power.
He became a member of the Board of Directors in 1969, was made President of the Bank in 1980, and was CEO at the time of the sale of the bank to Norwest Corp. in 1990.
While tainted Chinese imports like toothpaste, pet food and baby formula have been quickly removed from store shelves, drywall is installed throughout homes and does not lend itself to a quick fix.
Should — God forbid — a bomb go off or another airplane go into the river, that’s where you can find him, huddled with his cabinet members and glued to CNN.
He didn’t have the money, but his mother, in Ankara, who had recently received an inheritance, gave him what he needed.)
So far, it’s been used in an ad hoc manner, customized for each bank.
Ahmet Turk, chairman of the Democratic Society Party, condemned the assailants on Tuesday and called the attack an attempt to stir up anti-Kurdish sentiments.
What is needed, in the words of one lobbyist, is more of a bone-marrow transplant.
She is survived by her sister-in-law, Frances Clow Bowers of Lake Forest, IL, nephew Lloyd W. Bowers Jr., of New York, NY, nieces Frances C. Bowers of Deer Park, IL, Jane Bowers Davis of Denver, CO and Martha Bowers of Brooklyn, NY, as well as five great-nieces and nephews and four great-great-nieces and nephews.
Officials of the transit system, known as Metro, said they had created a $250,000 fund to aid the victims’ families.
The idea of an exchange has support from the White House and many in Congress — from people who also advocate including a government-run insurance plan in the marketplace and from those who oppose letting the government compete with commercial insurers.
Under federal law, Mr. Picard can sue to recover money withdrawn from the Madoff fund up to six years before its collapse.
Travelers within the Schengen area may crisscross member countries without so much as a passport, but that facility stops at the Channel.
Hours: Tuesdays through Sundays, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Laura Goldstein New York, Nov. 19, 2009
“That is not an appropriate answer,” Mr. Brodsky said.
There’s an earthy quality that is found in a lot of the food at Comfort.
In part, NATO and German officials say, that is evidence of the political astuteness of Taliban and Qaeda leaders, who are aware of the opposition in Germany to the war.
“The balance seems to be tilting in the direction of the president,” said Niels Marquardt, the American ambassador.
Predeceased by her son Alan and husband Arnold.
Participants in Phuket’s annual Festival of the Nine Emperor Gods follow a strict set of moral guidelines during its course, refraining from drinking alcohol, fibbing, killing, gossiping and, among other things, eating meat.
“Our view is that we need to be focused on the future,” she told reporters.
If recent history is any lesson — and you might consider Boston’s “Big Dig” — the train will likely encounter cost overruns, delays and perhaps even tragic accidents and corruption.
An unknown group claimed responsibility and warned of more attacks against “centers of immorality” in the city.
Her mother retired as the assistant director of the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology.
Party bosses would have gotten their way, too, had the courts not intervened and said, uh-uh.
The teenage boy with the Russian accent was making strides with the tiny girl in barrettes and leg warmers.
“Glass Beads of Ghana,” colorful and inventive beads made with varied techniques and materials.
Enigma Diagnostics of Britain hopes to introduce a similar test in 2011.
Is it legal to keep a barnyard animal in New York City?
“David understood what I’ve been looking for, and he’s been working with me.” Most of the wine will be ready in about a year.
Natalie Angier quotes the Harvard psychology professor Daniel L. Schacter as saying, “We humans are pretty good at gist recall but have difficulty with being exact.” An exception is people with Asperger’s syndrome , who may recall hundreds of exact lines of movies, or the scores of every Jets game.
The Commonwealth Fund, a pioneer in evaluating health care systems around the world, relies in part on surveys of patients’ experiences.
Her father, Norman Myers, now a prominent environmentalist and professor, once held the record for the fastest ascent and descent of Mount Kilimanjaro.
Examining short-selling practices has been a high priority for the S.E.C.’s new chairwoman, Mary L. Schapiro.
Please, please take your seats.
The judge had threatened to jail her for one month if she did not pay the fine.
The evening included a dinner for 250 guests.
by driving away its executives.
But, he said: “I still don’t think the city should be setting wage levels for retailers.
Not the NYC Bridge Centennial Commission , created to take note of six 100-year anniversaries between 2008 and 2010.
But Mr. Cai has said that out of patriotism he will not pay for the works.
The Tectonic company will hold its performance in Alice Tully Hall at Lincoln Center.
Mayo is optional; lemon juice is also good.
It is the longest winning streak in N.C.A.A.
During that period, more than four million Afghans registered for the first time.
For now, the school system is not likely to see its status quo disturbed, at least until classes begin in September.
Mr. Botstein has passed that one by in favor of Symphony No.
But America’s most important interest remains a stable, unified Republic of Iraq, even if takes longer than any domestic faction wants.
The steel industry, not surprisingly, was a big supporter of the Buy America clause.
He also had a credible legal claim and would provide Democrats a reliable vote, factors that led to growing party consensus that there was little reason to hold up the nomination.
The Cavaliers, who believe they were wronged by a controversial call in the final seconds of a 1-point loss at Indiana on Tuesday, bounced back from their first two-game losing streak this season.
Mr. Sher, who is directing Offenbach’s “Contes d’Hoffmann” for the Metropolitan Opera and developing a musical version of Pedro Almodóvar’s “Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown” for Lincoln Center Theater, said he would help Ms. Whoriskey in the 2010 season at the Intiman, when they will be co-artistic directors, by providing creative support and connecting her with fund-raising sources.
Graphic books have been plentiful in 2009, with diverse approaches: memoir (''Stitches''), reportage (''A.D.
It is to the youngster that Beckett makes the crucial admission (in German) that “no sooner do I take up my pen to compose something in English than I get the feeling of being ‘de-personified.’ ” Although there are no letters here to his parents — perhaps because Beckett authorized the publication only of letters “having bearing on my work”?
Her mother owns and manages apartment buildings in Anaheim, Calif., and Fullerton, Calif., and is a real estate agent with Century 21.
In recent weeks, the administration’s top Iran policy maker was reassigned from the State Department to the White House’s National Security Council; Mrs. Clinton’s candidate to lead the United States Agency for International Development has been tangled up in a vetting process ; and she has failed to get her choices into some plum ambassadorships , notably Japan, which went to a fund-raiser for President Obama .
Presumably, if health care reform provided insurance to more women, those who gained coverage would receive family planning services as well.
Statistics from 2008 were not included in the new study.
He graduated from Georgetown, where he also received a law degree.
On Wednesday, 18 planes were prepared to deliver payloads of dry ice, salt and silver iodide should clouds prove menacing.
Mr. Gaiman said he wrote a page or two at the time, but decided he wasn’t yet up to the task as a writer.
A night after their starter pitched well, another one — Tim Redding — followed but watched a painful loss from the dugout.
Their calls to 311 and their complaints to the sanitation officers who write tickets for littering have gone unheeded, they said.
Significantly, Barneys New York has put its dynamic retail force behind sustainable and environmentally friendly clothing.
(Did she have an incestuous relationship with her famous brother?
But why should we share this optimism?
“It does not bode well for spending in the restaurant category,” said Tom Forte, an analyst at the Telsey Advisory Group.
Those who miss the JVC Jazz Festival more precisely can find consolation in Diana Krall, who’ll be at Carnegie Hall on June 23 and 24 ( carnegiehall.org ).
Mr. Kim is also using the tensions he has stirred up to rally his destitute people as foreign aid dwindles and to show the outside world that he is still a threat worthy of U.S. attention, analysts said.
; and Key West, Fla. His death was confirmed by his wife, Aida D. Donald.
It has given us clarity of what we need to do.” Mr. Wagoner, who has served as G.M.’s chief executive since 2000, said he had been given no indication by the task force that his job was at risk.
The results from the study, known as the Grant Study, have surfaced periodically in the years since.
These were goals the Smith easily accommodated.
In this age of quick-trigger court battles and huge financial settlements, the Chamberlains made the decision simply to accept the apology of the grateful -- and surprised -- parade organizers.
Gullikson and the other trike pilots were going to pick up the 14 juvenile whooping cranes that they were, little by little, leading south for the winter.
During Savings and Loan Crisis, Dies ” (obituary, May 14) was an admirable accounting of the many contributions that this great man made to his country.
For the 53rd Venice Biennale , which got under way last month and concludes in November, 500 of this particular kind of fat-studded salami were chosen to be more than just cold cuts by the Italian artist Maurizio Cattelan, known for provocatively funny work involving taxidermied animals and comical sculptures.
William R. Phelps, a spokesman for Philip Morris, said his company favored programs that hold smokers and cities responsible for reducing the trash.
Ms. Cooper was inspired to train for the stage by watching one of her aunts, the singer Belle Baker, perform.
You’ve got to keep walking.
A coalition of left-wing advocacy groups filed legal ethics complaints on Monday against 12 former Bush administration lawyers, including three United States attorneys general, whom the groups accuse of helping to justify torture.
Instead of a symbol of status, I began to see it as ordinary masculine work wear.
The gains followed a solid showing at the first of the week’s three auctions for a record $75 billion in debt.
If they reversed these five mutations as well, the new receptor behaved like an old one.
He has, at times, acted like a reluctant referee, allowing the two sides to battle with unusual rancor and repetition.
“There was no danger up to that terrible decision,” Redknapp said.
Say it is not real football, though it is similar to the single-wing offense your grandfather learned in high school.
Now 22, he remains paralyzed, and is supported by his mother, a waitress.
I wept often, slept often, and one day asked myself, ‘What do you give up for a city?’ “I’d be very pleased with forty or fifty thousand a year.
One cast member, Molly Gawler, wearing a white bra and panties, stands apart.
“I kept telling him to relax, that nobody wins this championship without patience.” Barnes made a few recoveries for par before his round began to come apart on the fifth hole.
And the playing of Western music was outlawed.
Saturday, 5 to 11 p.m., the new 1stfans membership program will extend benefits to members through social sites like Facebook, creating an interactive community of members.
Fifteen minutes later, Maradona changed his hand again, giving Jésus Dátolo a shot at national-team soccer for the first time.
“It’s the best show in New York,” he says.
“The government has violated the peace deal by starting military operations and sending troops to the area,” he told a meeting of elders in the district of Dir, where the Taliban have also been active.
“No organ is an island,” said Gerard Karsenty, a professor of genetics and development at the Columbia University Medical Center, “and the skeleton is connected functionally to many more organs than we had anticipated.” This week, Dr. Karsenty and other prominent names in the bone business will discuss their new research and gleefully clean out their closets at the Third New York Skeletal Biology and Medicine Conference, at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine.
He was scheduled to hold talks with his party on whether it should pull out of the power-sharing deal that was reached in September but never carried out.
Suddenly, a loud blast went off, startling his guests.
The Zionists rebelled against the British through surreptitious immigration and settlement as well as armed struggle.
In the nine months to September, global bond issuance was 47 percent higher than for the whole of 2008.
Thursdays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m. African-American Museum, 110 North Franklin Street.
but said in a phone interview that he did not want to say more.
Then he showed off his fancy Patek Philippe watch, saying: “This is the equivalent of a Rolex, for very refined people.
In 1964, working on two days’ rest for the St. Louis Cardinals, he helped to end the Yankee dynasty of Mantle and Berra by pitching all of Game 7 of the World Series.
Most of the injuries were from flying glass and none were serious, according to a police spokesman, who requested anonymity in line with police rules.
Now, they may be about to get company.
Mrs. Clarke, who has worked for six presidents, started as a volunteer in 1978 and joined the White House full time in 1981.
Several human rights advocates said they anticipated an array of practical problems with the system that could leave detainees with little more recourse than they have now.
I read the testimony of victims and witnesses, like me, of torture and murder.
Ms. Donovan should come to New York again, soon.
These days, when the bills start to pile up in the mailbox, Ms. Campbell remembers the words of her father.
And in 2004 a 42-year-old man, apparently angry about having failed basic training 20 years before, fired shots at an Air Force recruiter in San Leandro, Calif., before killing himself.
During his distinguished tenure as Chairman of Lincoln Center from 1986 to 1994, George oversaw the construction of the Samuel B. and David Rose Building and united all twelve Lincoln Center constituents in an unprecedented mutual programming venture, the 19-month Mozart Bicentennial.
To reach the main performance space, concertgoers can either ride up escalators directly in front of the main entrance or turn to climb a broad staircase.
“We are fighting a country and a people that are well organized and extremely smart of how to fight.
The way Josh Beckett ended up pitching, that home run would be enough offense to assure the Boston Red Sox another victory over the host Baltimore Orioles.
There were two upsets on the women’s side.
PHOTO: Whitey Lockman in 1951.
Some rentals are available in private houses, he said.
Mr. Ely also spoke of Mrs. Astor’s mental confusion.
Sharing is not an option -- no two wear the same size shoes, and many are deadstock anyway (code among the sneaker-obsessed for never worn).
For example, in 2008, Congress used an earmark to require the department to provide $290,663 for the Citizens Committee for New York City Inc., to run a crime-stoppers program.
Since March 2008 through May 2009, prices nationwide have fallen 11.5 percent, according to Statistics Iceland.
“I usually bicycle commute and thought it’d be fun to do it on a business trip,” said Ms. Chaiken, who traveled to England last fall for Hewlett-Packard , then her employer.
She wrote beautiful letters to her mother in jail: “I love you so much.
After stepping down in 1989, Mr. Moussavi kept a hand in politics, serving on Iran’s Expediency Council.
It also decided to retain a consultant from Atlanta whom Mr. Seabrook had proposed to help run the committee.
He'll be missed more than he'll ever know.
Thousands more Iranians married to Iraqis have lived here for many years.
Some might whisper the lines to the old Woody Guthrie song romanticizing the violent bank robber Pretty Boy Floyd: “Some will rob you with a six-gun, and some with a fountain pen.” But the Citizens State Bank in Carleton has no connection to any of those banking conglomerates with names like AmeriCitiComGroup.
“I’m going to college!” I met Shanequa High some years ago when she was a sixth-grader at a middle school that was still in the embryonic stage (there were only two grades) in rural Gaston, N.C.
This is in many ways the story of both of my parents.
While the prosecution presented witness after witness who testified that Mrs. Astor, who was found to have Alzheimer’s disease in 2000, was not in control of her mental faculties in the later years of her life, the defense will use the same testimony of those same witnesses to further its theory that although Mrs. Astor’s mind might not always have functioned smoothly, she had her moments of lucidity.
In much of this mixture of innocence and power he resembles the persona of Harpo Marx.
''We had a team meeting and there was some stuff said that things need to be changed or there might be changes within the locker room.''
He began his career as an industrial psychological and management consultant, then taught English in New York City public schools for more than 30 years while also working as a reviewer.
Physician report cards are maintained to protect the public from bad doctors, but no-fault liability payments are not part of doctors’ evaluations.
If he needs a big, hairy monster to slam the ball out of the park, he’ll have that guy.
PHOTOS: EDDIE JORDAN, the 76ers' coach, discussing Allen Iverson before Philadelphia re-signed him last week.
University of Pittsburgh, $50 million of university capital project and refinancing bonds, series C. Jefferies.
As it is, they will have a tough time holding off the Bears for the division title.
Ultimately, one expert said, the question will have to be posed to Mr. Ghailani himself.
Mr. McKnight’s particular experience, to be sure, is unusual.
Multifamily has suffered the least, because there is still a healthy rental business, and the decline in pricing now appears to be on the order of 15 to 20 percent.
A veteran Times reporter examines the career of a little-known but remarkable public servant.
Last month, though, Baroness Scotland’s own housemaid, a 27-year-old Tongan named Loloahi Tapui, was found to be working without the requisite documentation, and the baroness was fined the equivalent of €5,500, or $8,000.
On July 8, two days after I saw Dr. Feinberg, I was at the hospital, ready for Dr. Adler to give me an injection.
Music industry executives and Nicholas Lansman, secretary general of the Internet Service Providers Association of Britain, said they were confident that they could soon reach a licensing agreement to make unlimited music services available via Internet providers.
The next day, when it was my turn to tackle the mountain, it was clear that Mother Nature didn’t care what I thought.
Wilkinson said he decided to attend one final class, and if he failed to “learn anything of value” on that day in November 2000, he would drop out.
The sentence came as high-profile negotiations continued over Iran’s nuclear program in Vienna, and some analysts said they believed that the Iranian government might intend to use the harsh jail term as leverage during talks.
If he seems ambivalent, no one there will stand with us and we’ll have no chance.
Other bank customers, including at least 10 small medical practices in Connecticut and Florida, had used Mr. Silverman’s business to set up profit-sharing or retirement programs.
A British Christmas, with works by Mathias, Howells and traditional carols; Cappella New York; David Enlow, director.
In 2000, the company’s share price soared to over $100 on anticipation that understanding the human DNA blueprint — the human genome — would lead to a cornucopia of drugs.
GRUBER Seymour, MD, 89, in Coconut Creek, FL, July 13.
The decision to take on such a role -- which will also include increased training of the Afghan National Army -- is aimed at ''transferring the lead responsibility for security to the Afghans themselves,'' said Anders Fogh Rasmussen, the NATO secretary general.
MAHWAH Mahwah Public Library “First Lady of the World: Eleanor Roosevelt,” an original one-woman play with Judy Berstein.
Workshop materials fees: $10 for animation; $5 for thaumatrope.
(I may also be wrong, and she might just be a big old witch.)
In 1992, rampaging Hindu mobs destroyed a mosque that had been built there, and spasms of religious violence reverberated in India for years afterward, culminating a decade later in riots in Gujarat that killed more than 1,000 people, most of them Muslims.
Based on interviews with more than 60 friends and former associates, he traces the way That Guy, a crackhead and something of a thug, became This Guy, a family man with a good job.
An indecisive or insufficiently engaged United States will cause unnecessary — and ultimately unaffordable — delay in concrete strategies and policies to beat this looming challenge.
But he has often done very well at United States Opens.
SO IS IT STILL WORTH DOING?
Coming the other way, another swimmer is thinking the same thing, and suddenly we’re facing each other, 10 yards apart and a hundred yards from shore, blinking through our goggles.
It is now, however, the generational picture promised by its title, with the panoramic sweep that such a picture implies.
I see them and I’m like, “Hey girl, YOU look sassy!” but I don’t say that because I don’t really know them and well, that would not be the cool thing to do.
Detroit and its eponymous industry are both like the relative who’s in and out of rehab: you’re never sure whether he needs a hug or a smack upside the head.
The company’s shareholders, including the private equity firm TPG, were wiped out, while its subordinated bondholders will probably end up with a buzz cut.
The Senate bill would create such a commission for Medicare.
Until then, I can only embrace him as a fellow Jew.
In decorating it with a saddle, lasso, boots, spurs, a holster — even a steer’s skull — as well as a covered wagon out front, he has given his establishment more than just a “little taste” of Texas.
Mr. Yassky released a television ad this week that used a series of Daily News articles critical of Mr. Liu, including one saying he embellished a story about working in a sweatshop as a child.
He said he and Congress had made “unprecedented progress” on health care, with even the American Medical Association endorsing the House bill this week.
The arrests followed an inquiry in which an investigator posed as a cancer patient and persuaded network members to help him prepare to commit suicide.
The mayor called for allowing legal protests.
George and Judy King were bumped from a flight to the Bahamas.
But on Thursday night, in the N.F.L.’s season opener, it fell to the Steelers’ offense — and to the sure-footed kicker Jeff Reed — to conjure a victory out of precious little production from a classic slugfest.
There could also be visits to asteroids or flybys of Mars leading to landings on one or both of the low-gravity moons of Deimos and Phobos.
But he also drew and painted from childhood.
Refuel at the inexpensive cafeteria at the lodge.
Still, before diving into Banff powder, certain matters must first be disposed of — where to sleep, for instance, during those awful hours when one cannot be on a mountain.
and wore a LeBron James jersey after his victory, certainly gave nothing away to Roddick.
The British publisher Bloomsbury denied on Monday that J. K. Rowling copied substantial parts of another children’s book to write “Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire,” Reuters reported.
The companies were already seeking to restore a reputation that suffered after a September 2008 fire in the tunnel.
Courtney Love was sued by a fashion designer after she posted a series of inflammatory tweets, one calling the designer a liar and a thief.
To him the music is almost sacred.
That is the best way to find the bell ringer, he said.
Some of his elaborate confections are on display alongside cannolis and biscotti at Carlo’s (which is named for a previous owner).
It’s already France’s choice for next year’s Oscars and is scheduled for release in the United States in February.
Penn State appeared to gain a spark when Stephfon Green, its speediest player, took a short pass and raced toward midfield.
I had met him once before but certainly couldn’t claim to have had a relationship, and I didn’t know Novak at all.
A memorial mass was held at the Church of St. Mary, Lake Forest.
Feb. 14, 8 to 11 p.m. $14.
TRENTON Old Barracks Museum Black History Month program.
Secessionist sentiment is strong in the area.
Told in three scenes, the piece kicks off with Margaret (a vocally underpowered Lindsey Coulson) and Frank (a shaven-headed Ian Hart, his neck veins popping), a couple who have evidently reached a combative low in their relationship.
In interviews, none of the candidates showed much concern for the high costs of campaigning for the office.
Mr. Ohrenbuch said it was not necessarily having troubled assets on their books that was preventing banks from lending again.
But the decision on whether to begin a criminal investigation of the six officials will be made by a judge, likely to be Baltasar Garzón.
I was 23 years old, playing with a healthy bunch of young prospects.
''All the desserts in the market were very stodgy, and we know from history that jellies were once considered to be the pinnacle of sophistication,'' Mr. Parr said.
The Fed said it would slow down its program to buy almost $1.5 trillion worth of mortgage-related securities, for example.
Now, marketers’ emphasis on American pride and an economic comeback suggests that the air is starting to crackle with optimism.
Already we have a big break with the past.
Each week Ms. Reichl and a celebrity companion travel to a luxe foodie destination to see how the pros do it, and to pitch in themselves, sometimes with comic results.
Aside from directly creating a great deal of misery, these cuts will depress the economy even further.
They have large, talented casts, top-notch writers and directors, elaborate sets and generally high production values.
In Presque Isle, Ms. Matson and others recruited by the Service Employees International Union, delivered dozens of handwritten letters to Ms. Snowe’s office.
He noted that the Palestine Liberation Organization had already recognized the state of Israel while Mr. Netanyahu “refuses to even mention a Palestinian state.” Palestinians contend that recognition of Israel’s Jewish character would negate Palestinian refugees’ demand for the right of return and would be detrimental to the status of Israel’s Arab citizens, who make up a fifth of the population.
In a region of the brain called the basal ganglia, known in people to be involved in language, the humanized mice grew nerve cells that had a more complex structure.
Some of these arguments are obvious cheap shots.
Mr. Dewberry was a starting quarterback for Georgia Tech in the mid-1980s.
That gorgeous site of perpetual disaster, Naples, Italy — where the inhabitants have been playing a losing game of We Dare You with their volcano for centuries and garbage collection has to be enforced by armed troops — has been sent a valentine.
The Yankees and the Red Sox could both make the playoffs, but the Yankees do not want to waltz through a season wondering if they can consistently tame their next-door neighbor.
But even though the expansive beer list mirrors that global feeling, it is a locally crafted brand that usually ends up on the Beer of the Month board.
The main comparable program in the United States, under the Workforce Investment Act, has been training fewer than 250,000 a year, although President Obama’s stimulus program provides funding that could double the number of American workers in training programs.
By Friday, Smoltz was no longer a major leaguer with the Boston Red Sox , and his storied career was perilously close to ending.
Wine Events A class in the art of blending wines will be given on Oct. 7 from 7 to 9 p.m. at the Maison de la Région Languedoc-Roussillon, 10 East 53rd Street.
Ms. Jarrett was accompanied by Maria Otero, under secretary of state for global affairs, who will be the administration’s official in charge of the Tibet issue, aides to the Dalai Lama said.
And government corruption, which led to shoddy construction practices in Sichuan and devastating consequences during last year’s earthquake?
It uses data from remote controls to follow what a person is watching, then matches that with ratings information and program guides to infer that person’s gender and age.
In the case of Iran, the production of the material for warheads is still quite a while away, and whether the Iranian government would consider a missile the best means to get it to Israel is another matter.
On Saturday, Weis’s main concern was the 33 Notre Dame seniors who saw a 14-point lead turn into another heartbreaking loss.
Few countries could have emerged from a bloody war, the atomic holocausts in Hiroshima and Nagasaki, and a long, humiliating occupation to retain such genuine bonds with their former enemy and victor.
McLaren says that the 12C is more fuel-efficient than anything else in its class, but most of the innovation in automotive design is currently devoted to developing cars that are powered by other forms of energy, like the electric Tesla Roadster.
“I eat way too much of the food at every chance I get,” she said.
Americans are living longer and staying healthier longer.
“I’m very enthusiastic about it,” said Michael Greenberger, a professor at the University of Maryland Law School who has been critical of the lack of regulation of the market and is a former director of trading and markets at the commodities futures commission.
The researcher said Mr. Clark was “very officious and very demanding” and that Mr. Clark had given some graduate students a hard time.
“He said, ‘Who cares?’ ” Mary said.
In cable, operating income declined 44 percent, while in film it dropped 81 percent.
Brandon Jacobs of the Giants said that if he boxed professionally in the off-season he could headline a fight card that would sell many seats in Giants Stadium.
Washington also wants to convince the poorly organized and almost bankrupt civilian government, led by President Asif Ali Zardari , that it must support the military in its counterinsurgency efforts by providing proper governance and development.
But ever since the 70s, it’s been hippie-ish, it’s been diverse.
And Smith hardly blinked when Billy Donovan backtracked on coaching the Magic to return to the University of Florida, hastily signing the capable Van Gundy.
To the Editor: Ben Stein astutely observes that highly intelligent advisers in past administrations often did not have the foresight to make sound policy decisions in unusually tough situations (“Ordinary People vs.
With one coach after another leaving for pro jobs (Schnellenberger, Jimmy Johnson, Dennis Erickson and Butch Davis), those players provided continuity at Miami, filling, Schnellenberger said, the institutional role that coaches like Joe Paterno and Bobby Bowden do at Penn State and Florida State.
In announcing on Friday that he would retain the military commission system set up by Mr. Bush, even while expanding the rights of detainees to mount a vigorous defense, Mr. Obama suggested that there was no inherent conflict between keeping the nation safe and reasserting values that he and many of his supporters believed had been swept aside during the Bush years.
So there is no way to know just what aid will really be available down the road.
“Over all, the long and protracted turnaround process continues,” said Jeffrey Lindsay, an analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein & Company.
Curry is now working with a Detroit trainer in an attempt to lose weight and regain the athleticism that made him the fourth overall pick in the 2001 draft.
Mr. Hernández, who served as the liaison on the island between the Cuban government and business interests in the Basque region of Spain, has been detained for over a month, Cuban officials said, because he was supposedly passing the recordings to Spanish intelligence officials, a claim that the Spanish Embassy in Cuba adamantly denies.
Beginning June 6, Russia banned a list of around 1,200 Belarussian milk and dairy products, saying they violated new packaging rules imposed last year.
But in New York City, some of the biggest targets of the federal funding have been benefits programs like Medicaid and food stamps.
He favors a quiet, naturalistic acting style, light on histrionics, a style of which Mr. Yakusho is a master.
“I think the multiple roles of a single firm is something we should look at, and there well may be limitations or prohibitions,” Mr. Wilson, who became comptroller in January, said in an interview.
After talks with Mr. Reilly, Mr. R?ers told the German public television channel ARD that Bochum was ''an important location for the future.''
They do not make up a real, physical community, but they have the identity.” For those who paved the way for Judge Sotomayor, embracing that identity was the first step in charting their personal and professional paths out of hardship.
In some segments she uses Chroma-key technology (a kind of blue or green screen) to create backgrounds of archival footage and scrolling images from Western art.
You get criticized.” But in interviews, the Democratic operatives said that they could not pass up the chance to work for the mayor, whom they praised for his bold reforms, nonpartisan spirit and economic savvy.
The plan is the latest move by Mr. Bloomberg to change the way the city thinks of its streets, making them more friendly to pedestrians and cyclists and chipping away at the dominance of the automobile.
The Democrats forged ahead with the stimulus package.
It is the newest in Shiva Natarajan’s mini-empire.
The architect, Arthur Loomis Harmon , covered the mass with irregular yellowy-tan brick, roughened as if centuries old, and for details, drew from Romanesque, Byzantine, early Christian, Lombard and other styles.
Some of their choices are inexplicable — for instance, Dom’s decision to leave behind Carmella, a woman he has loved for years, when he and Danny realize that Carl is closing in on them in Boston, and that they must quickly move somewhere else.
Then, after being two shots off the lead in the first round of the P.G.A.
“But then I started to appreciate it.” Standing proudly beside his sparkling 1971 Ford Pinto, which is festooned with thousands of tiny square mirrors to create a disco-ball effect, he added: “No matter what, it will always be a Pinto.” He said that as if it were a good thing.
Even Globalfest’s traditionalism is selective.
When it comes to striking sparks from crashing art forms and time zones, nobody beats the Wooster Group at the top of its game.
Now the organization, with increasing frequency, casts aside its important distinction between open and closed societies.
After all, aside from her role as a questionable symbol of femininity, Barbie and her endless series of lifestyle accessories have also come to stand for raw materialism.
But in recent months, there has been a visible increase in the number of former homeowners showing up in shelters.
“In all my dealings with her, she was always professional and never tried to intervene or get in the way of any investigation,” Mr. Szady said.
So this is not some form of Yankee prejudice.
was born of a crisis and comes alive in a crisis.
To make matters worse, this is not the long-delayed eruption scene of some volcanic relationship.
It has not been a good year for Swiss banks in the United States.
PISTONS 104, WARRIORS 95 Rodney Stuckey scored 29 points and Charlie Villanueva added 24 as host Detroit held off Golden State for its fifth straight victory.
“That was a horrible architectural mistake,” Lowry wrote.
The Greek national debt is projected to rise to 135.4 percent of gross domestic product in 2011 — the highest in the E.U.
Maybe The New York Times Magazine could make an analogous leap into brand-new territory, namely, a commitment to publish one article in every issue about a person or group doing similar groundbreaking work (no pun intended).
The paper, based in New York, is also looking into creating a New York edition, with emphasis on adding coverage of the arts, but that plan is not as fully developed.
Mr. Hall says his research shows that when people go to doctors and hospitals that are not part of their insurance network, they can expect charges that are double, triple, even quadruple the negotiated price within networks.
More than 240 prisoners remain at Guantánamo Bay.
My sister doesn’t like to speak publicly about our mother, and she doesn’t think she is “her kind.” Perhaps Frieda Hughes is more like Joyce, perhaps her brother once was as well.
Though they put greater emphasis on the health effects, the E.P.A.’s scientists came to much the same conclusions: that concentrations of greenhouse gases had reached unprecedented levels and had already contributed to increased drought, more frequent and intense heat waves, rising sea levels and damage to water resources, food supplies and ecosystems.
So when a former aide of Mr. Zhao’s, Du Daozheng, disclosed in May that he had helped secretly record Mr. Zhao’s memoir for posthumous publication, Mr. Du’s daughter refused to let him walk outside alone for fear of possible repercussions.
Gallinari will undergo a laminotomy, a minimally invasive procedure in which doctors shave part of a bony plate that is irritating a nearby nerve.
As David Myers scans the rocky slopes of this desert canyon, looking vainly past clumps of brittlebush for bighorn sheep, he imagines an enemy advancing across the crags.
RAHWAY Union County Performing Arts Center Dizzy Gillespie All Stars, jazz.
Senator Max Baucus, Democrat of Montana and chairman of the Finance Committee, said: “We don’t have 60 votes locked in yet.
As financial pressures on university presses continue to mount, publication of dissertations, and with it scholarly certification, is almost impossible.
Mr. Markedonov, a specialist in the north Caucasus, said he had not heard the republic discussed so avidly in the international news media for years.
Worked for countless charitable, religious, and not-for-profit entities (Lyndhurst, Jay Heritage Center, Boy Scouts of America, Hudson Link, Preservation League, Friends of the Westchester Band, Westchester Reform Temple, Partners for Sacred Places, Education Through Music, Emmanuel Day Care, National Maritime Historical Society, Scarsdale Historical Society, Bronx River Parkway Restoration Conservancy), providing cheerful, thoughtful counsel to all.
“We love the pressure, we love what comes with it,” Auriemma said.
The course costs $50, but in keeping with the spirit of the Chicago Art Department’s pedagogical mission, anyone who completes the course and shows their work next month will have their tuition refunded.
Religious artifacts precede glass paintings; toys surge into tiles and plates; and metalwork is clustered around a wall hanging depicting Adam and Eve, forged by a Haitian artist from an oil drum.
(646) 645-5782 , walkingnyctours.com ; $20, $17 for 65+.
Pandora hummed along happily on the iPhone, mostly because it was connected via Wi-Fi for long periods.
They’ve got work to do, and they’ll praise themselves, thank you, while noting the appearance of a suspicious van in front of the drug den, the anticipated revenge by a rival, the violent flip-out of an associate.
Scores range from 300 to 850 and helped lenders create high-priced loans for people with checkered histories while reserving the best rates for people with high scores.
Mike doesn’t use the camera in a flamboyant way, but he has a style just the way a writer who’s crystal clear has a style.
That move followed revelations that Mr. Samberg had paid $2.1 million to a former Microsoft employee, David Zilkha, in 2007.
Jennifer M. Granholm proposed in February ending fair financing after this year, saying the state could no longer absorb its operating losses.
“It’s a little bit liberated from the constraints of other textiles,” she said.
In the same way that there are some movies you want to see in the theater, there are books I will want to hold in my hands and spend more time with — unless Amazon comes out with a special “book scented” Kindle.
Among those who died was the 10-year-old cousin of the Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard, who was 9 at the time.
Tom Kitt and Brian Yorkey’s portrait of a manic-depressive suburban mom (the astounding Alice Ripley) and her family, directed by Michael Greif, isn’t a feel-good musical.
But I think there’s a lot of things I probably didn’t do particularly well, either.
The justices allowed Mr. Estrada to speak for long stretches, which is unusual, and the tone of the argument was more brainstorming session than oral advocacy, with several justices and Mr. Estrada trying to identify the smartest way to fix the law.
But it also seems a curious choice, considering the resources and promotion the network is giving it.
The Basziles are ideally cast as post-segregation achievers.
Those, he said, “will allow us to capture much more of the total genetic risk of common diseases.”
Theater students in particular will want to pay heed (2:30).
Mr. Rudd has continued to send boat people here for processing.
In March 1958, Mr. York became the first chief scientist at the Advanced Research Projects Agency at the Pentagon, directing space and antimissile research.
The rescue plan would put a tax on payrolls in the 12-county region served by the authority’s buses and trains and impose tolls on the East River and Harlem River bridges.
Rodriguez has four fewer World Series rings than Derek Jeter or Mariano Rivera, but at this stage in their careers, Rodriguez, not the other iconic Yankees, is the face of the franchise.
All sorts of policy wonks, energy consultants and Nobel-prize-winning economists jumped on the bandwagon to explain that prices would only go up — even though they had never done so historically.
Over New Year’s, Paris Hilton garnered worldwide headlines for “callous excess” when she spent nearly $4,000 in a 40-minute shopping spree in Sydney.
The spiritual alienation is brutal.
But now, given the decline in home values resulting from the recession and the high rates of unemployment, moving on has become that much more complicated.
We sat in a screening room in Harvard’s William James Hall — a building named, coincidentally, for the 19th-century psychologist who described his own struggles with anxiety as “a horrible dread at the pit of my stomach ... a sense of the insecurity of life.” Kagan is elfin and spry, balding and bespectacled.
The declaration on Friday drove home Iran’s new stance on reducing its cooperation with atomic inspectors, which began a week ago when Iran angrily denounced a rebuke by the International Atomic Energy Agency over its once-secret enrichment plant near the holy city of Qum.
She would have become a toy distributor, handling sales instead of marketing.
A proud, resourceful blue-collar craftsman, he could be taciturn and irritable; the relics of his military service in his garage fell into “the category of ‘leave it the hell alone’ or ‘it’s none of your goddamn business.’ ” As Tyler spells out on one page, rebus-style, “not all scars are visible.” Then, one day in 2002, he called his daughter and opened up.
INSIDE: The front room is a library and sitting area with built-in bookshelves.
Her mother and father were each the first in their families to attend university — both at Cambridge, both on scholarship.
She pointed out that India elected a woman as prime minister within three decades of independence, while the U.S. had yet to elect a female president.
Hookup culture comes to societies without the institutions that make it safe and possible elsewhere: accessible contraceptives, regulated abortion clinics, tolerant parents, police officers willing to investigate rape.
Where was I to go?” She said the man who abducted her had gained her trust over months, then locked her in a room and took her passport and cellphone.
Other names as potential replacements for the fired Eric Mangini, who appears to be leading the candidates in Cleveland, include: Leslie Frazier, Minnesota’s defensive coordinator; Ron Rivera, San Diego’s defensive coordinator; and Ron Meeks, Indianapolis’s defensive coordinator.
“This whole pier was sort of the Disney of the Wildwood boardwalk,” said Jack Morey, 48, who with his brother, Will, 51, had clambered up to the top of the Nugget along the ramps from which the tracks had been removed.
“It was so postmodern, and every time we would do something like that, we’d be so self-congratulatory,” Mr. Zwick said.
(Imagine the headquarters of Lehman Brothers converted into a commune.)
Dr. Rogers replaced Stephen H. Spurr, who had been dismissed after becoming the Austin campus’s fifth president in six years.
In 1998, he co-founded de Visscher, Olson & Allen to assist private businesses with capital needs.
But Bill Ford and Edsel Ford opposed the move, as did Elena Ford, Edsel’s niece.
Hey, mistah!” they cried, touching me and running away.
In one photograph he is posed with frayed cloth trousers, disarrayed shirt, a walking stick and a casually draped kaffiyeh, looking more like a desert wanderer from Arabia than one who has braved the heat of jungles.
Although he was clearly satisfied with a quiet life well out of the fast lane, within a few years Mrs. Astor moved to the center of the fashionable East Side and bought at 778 Park Avenue, her residence until her own death two years ago.
He told me his father, who despises President Mahmoud Adhmadinejad, is fighting a furious rearguard action to have the election annulled by the Guardian Council, the 12-member oversight body that will pronounce this week on the election’s legality.
“While we believe print media still has a role, we think the importance of graphics and the digital world is going to increase more and more,” the Next Media chief executive, Chu Wah-Hui, said by telephone from Hong Kong.
By the time you enter the game professionally, you have a history; you have had success somewhere being just who you are.
I took with me a few bottles of syrah and a promise to return — whether the lavender was blooming or not.
Commissioned by Deutsche Bank and the Guggenheim Foundation, it had its debut last year at the Deutsche Guggenheim in Berlin.
The Environmental Protection Agency is considering naming the Gowanus an official Superfund site.
While their popularity seems to have dropped off, keitai shosetsu still elicit scorn from some Japanese who see them as trashy.
One of the tests I scored had students read a passage about bicycle safety.
Ms. Waterston, who was Miranda opposite Mandy Patinkin in “The Tempest” at Classic Stage Company in 2008, will play the heroine nun Isabella.
To be sure, when it comes to the entertainment media jumping aboard bandwagons, too much is often never enough.
For undergraduates, Mr. Bloch taught a required two-year survey of the piano repertory.
“I’m much more interested in making pictures than sitting in front of a computer.” Matt Held , a Brooklyn artist who has become something of a Facebook phenomenon through his oil paintings of Facebook photos, is already worried that his success will typecast him.
If print wants to perform a cashectomy on users, it should probably look to what happened with music, an industry in which people once paid handsomely for records, then tapes, then CDs, that was overtaken by the expectation that the same product should be free.
Of course Billie didn't agree with this one bit!
Mr. Lee, 27, is to become an assistant professor of economics at New York University next month.
I have written it — at last — with my own hands.”
Mine That Bird’s jockey, Mike Smith, said he did not time his move correctly.
A spokesman for the European Union monitoring mission in the region said Tuesday that monitors found no evidence of firing on either side.
Green groups and supportive members of Congress applauded, saying the proposal was long overdue after eight years of inaction on climate change under President George W. Bush.
The combined weight of the pet and carrier should not exceed 20 pounds ( www.jetblue.com/jetpaws ).
Unfortunately the unconventional medical drama is also under assault on network television.
Chrysler received a $4 billion loan.
Smoltz, who pitched 28 innings last year, has a 210-147 record and 154 saves in his career.
“I think slang is the salsa, the great hot sauce on our language,” he said.
The election commission said it still had to deliver election materials to four districts around the country and would have to use helicopters because the roads were too unsafe.
He and others told the group to leave.
In principle, the two kinds of order can themselves be put into harmony — and in that adjustment, too, may lie a supreme good.
A Ferris wheel dominates the skyline.
Kozlov tied it at 1-1 for the Thrashers early in the second period.
As collateral, she pledged the rights to all of her intellectual property, including her photographs, as well as three adjoining town houses in Greenwich Village and a home in Rhinebeck, N.Y. On Friday, three days after the deadline, Ms. Leibovitz and Art Capital announced that they had reached an agreement on a loan extension.
Donald Trump had taken over the building; he had some very high temperature debt.
Sara Edwards, the Shiawasee County chief assistant prosecutor, said the suspect was annoyed by Mr. Pouillon’s protests, especially when they were near schools.
“If there is one constant in our organization, it is change,” Michael T. Duke, president and chief executive of Wal-Mart, said in a letter to employees on Tuesday.
“I’ll just slice up the sea bass into thin fillets and you can gobble it up.” Would we have gotten married if we had met in the conventional Western manner and dated each other?
Four appellate and four district court nominees have cleared the Senate Judiciary Committee and are waiting for floor votes.
I’m sure, deep down, he was excited.” Last season, with Cleveland and Milwaukee, Sabathia finished 17-10.
When we literally hit a wall — the end of the stone barnyard wall was too close to the last bow — we called it a day and went in for hot soup.
Dec. 13, 1:30 to 4:30 p.m. Free.
“The question is how and when to broach the subject in order to do more good than harm,” he said.
“The past year was something I wanted my whole life, and I finally got it.
Then again, I didn’t know a single person, student or teacher, male or female, in my entire Ivy League university who was openly identified as gay.
Birds fly in and out now.
Many businesses and shops stayed shut as life appeared frozen in the grip of wait and see.
But deft shooting and quick passing helped Arizona State tie the score, 41-41.
He never stopped performing classical standards and modern contemporary music for solo piano, chamber ensembles and concerto across the nation, winning the highest of acclaim from his contemporaries and audiences alike.
The changes being made at The Times will mean fewer pages, saving on newsprint and ink.
No president had ever been accused of “following Marxist theory” by Andy Williams, the pop singer we haven’t heard from since “Moon River” was in vogue.
GONZAGA 89, TENNESSEE 79 Matt Bouldin scored 26 points to help Gonzaga pull off an upset at No.
The other, technology shares, got a lift from news that the computer company Dell planned to buy the information technology provider Perot Systems for $3.9 billion.
It feels generous and respectful.
KeyBank sued Tab, and the students sued both KeyBank and Tab.
For a while, when the economic crisis was at its worst, it was a dirty word that only the most provocative of analysts dared to use.
1 pick, and that one came over the Bears, who are burdened with the Broncos castoff Jay Cutler at quarterback.
Others said they did not.
“I can’t press a button and suddenly reinstate Mr. Zelaya,” Mr. Obama said, the news agency reported.
Mr. Piven became the butt of late-night television jokes and was widely ridiculed as a hard-partying Hollywood dilettante who was not up to eight performances a week.
Everything else is a Band-Aid.
The potholed street, stinky pond, missing ball and blaring radio were the subjects of letters written by disgruntled New Yorkers to the city’s mayor between 1751 and 1969.
As the first World Series visitors at glitzy new Yankee Stadium, the Phillies will arrive for Wednesday night’s opener with a rare distinction: they, not the Yankees, are the defending champions.
Worse, they seemed to adopt Mr. Bush’s position that the “battlefield” against terrorism is the planet.
His instinct was to move toward the drier rock, but he inched back onto the wet part when he realized he needed to use the crack.
Her workshop combines both, as well as the perspective of someone who started sewing in the Great Depression and is still toiling away, finding joy, as she has her whole life, in creative resourcefulness.
One was about how he and Percy Foreman, the defense lawyer, entertained juries by trading Uncle Remus tales.
Turning a corner smoothly can also be a challenge for marching bands in the parade.
To the Editor: Re “ Proposal of Smoking Ban Stirs a Sense of Tolerance ” (news article, Sept. 16): The construction workers interviewed in your article likened a proposed ban on smoking in parks to ticketing people for their perfume or body odor.
Even more scandalous, she took pictures of herself with a cigarette stuck in her mouth.
Rather, the descriptive language used in defining this split reveals its depth.
Greg McBride, a senior financial analyst at BankRate.com , said that as banking fees head into overdrive, consumers simply need to be more alert.
At the end of the film a series of suggestions run across the screen.
Desperate for advice on how to navigate a two-party dinner party, I phoned Michael M. Cohen, a professor who teaches a course on culture wars at — where else?
Frequent amendments — coupled with the implicit threat of more in the future — have rendered our state government dysfunctional, at least in times of severe economic decline.” Beyond budget matters, Justice George, a Republican appointed by Gov.
By the end of the day, Lincicome led an American chorus of “Happy Days Are Here Again.”
He added that his department had sent the letter to the behavioral analysis unit of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, calling it “another piece of evidence in a very complex puzzle that’s going to take us weeks and months to determine what’s going on.” He said the letter might not explain key facts of the case, including why Mr. Wong, a Vietnamese refugee who was a naturalized citizen, would take out his anger at immigrants taking classes at the American Civic Association.
Animals raised as livestock are typically slaughtered relatively young, he said, and farmers and breeders retain the most robust and fertile adults to grow their herds or flocks.
(Occasionally I would have to ask if I was reading her correctly.)
“We’re looking for some decent numbers,” said Bruce McCain, chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank.
Referee supervision is more advanced now.
“The people getting cut-rate deals are in the position of the bonus-getters from A.I.G.
“It’s not going to replace my salary,” she said.
The global economy is shrinking fast, the United States is still losing 600,000 jobs every month, and the rally that lifted the S.& P. 500 24 percent from November to early January fell apart.
Typically, applications to medical and law schools go up in a downturn, as young people look for safe haven.
“It is said, though, that they are of aid in getting to sleep.” Combining the thrill of a carnival ride with the pleasure of what could be accomplished, sleeping or waking, on a motel bed, Magic Fingers has insinuated itself into the consciousness of a great many Americans over 40.
She relayed messages from each of my doctors that they would look out for me on the unit.
For scholars and others researching topics not satisfied by a Wikipedia entry, the settlement will provide access to millions of books at the click of a mouse.
... Andy Dalton and No.
Barriers were even more tightly guarded at the Broadway entrance to 61st Street.
Motorola’s first-quarter results demonstrated how challenging Mr. Jha’s task is.
The OpenNet Initiative says that just 10.3 percent of Algerians use the Internet, despite the country’s youthful demographics.
Christopher Dietz, who teaches composition at Oberlin College in Ohio, won a place for his “Gharra” through the league’s composer competition.
Other sacred cows, like the distribution of advance print galleys of coming titles and the costly practice of permitting retailers to return unsold books, are being examined.
As a big exporter, it felt the need to help its struggling manufacturers.
Twenty-three percent of the agents questioned reported at least one contact with an international client, down from 26 percent in 2008 and 32 percent in 2007.
“Whether it’s here in Dallas or wherever it may be, I still feel that I have a lot to give to the game,” Kidd said.
Court officials said the death was being treated as a murder.
Setups like this rarely lead to a happy place.
Thursday at 8 p.m. $30 to $50.
Grow in popularity, yes; to become more expensive than it is already, no.
Rachel Jones, an assistant professor at the Rutgers College of Nursing in Newark, created the project.
There is a six-foot-high fireplace and a built-in cabinet for media equipment.
Will that person rule the world?
Doc Williams, 94, whose band, the Border Riders, was a regular presence at the Jamboree, said: “We had businessmen in Wheeling who frowned on the Jamboree.
Mr. Daschle is still waiting for the Finance Committee to hold a hearing on his nomination.
Afterward Mr. Beck knelt worshipfully at Mr. Guy’s feet, paying homage to a venerated ancestor who can still whop him.
Unless she might have a few things to say first.
Each hearing has had only one witness: the first to be grilled was Bank of America’s chief executive, Ken Lewis.
to amend it through time to reflect any new international standards.” It also pledged that any new rules would take effect only once regulators were certain an economic recovery had begun.
“When I first started this, we were lucky if we got a handful of submissions by New Jersey filmmakers,” said Mr. Nigrin, the executive director of the festival and the society.
To settle these disputes, New York City should simply take advantage of that obscure provision written into the 1979 agreement that transferred the title to the land from the city to the authority.
It came from three down at halftime to beat AC Milan in the 2005 Champions League final in Istanbul.
Cape May Stage, Bank and Lafayette Streets.
Dear brother of Nathan Stogel and the late Philip and Frank Stogel, Lee Stogel Polinsky and Claire Stogel Marcus.
Some forces have been positive: Prices for steel and concrete, bread and butter to a railroad, have declined as global demand has cooled.
Skidding oil prices helped push the United States trade deficit to its lowest point in five years in November as the country imported fewer goods amid a sharp economic slowdown.
Gentle, loving father of the late James Sherman, Robert Sherman and his wife Rhonda.
Could that have been only 22 years ago?
But it also makes us safer.” Democrats in Congress and human rights groups largely hailed Mr. Obama’s moves, while some Republicans said they were unrealistic.
And yet, the allies, sons and, in one case, daughter — Nayla Tueni — of these slain activists still stood for election and won.
IN recent years, state and local governments have enacted laws to combat discrimination against lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgendered people seeking mortgages and housing.
nearly $9 billion a year, the company said.
McGwire refused to tell the committee whether he had used steroids.
Professor of physics, dear friend, active in the Ukranian society.
Dr. Willem J. Kolff, a Dutch physician who invented the first artificial kidney in a rural hospital during World War II and went on to prove that biomedical engineers could build all sorts of artificial organs for keeping patients alive, including the first artificial heart, died Wednesday at his home in Newtown Square, Pa.
Since then, one of his players, Emanuel Mayben, has been charged with selling crack cocaine, the third player to be arrested in Mr. Broadus’s three years as coach.
When his red plastic tub is filled, Mr. Wong carries it to the head of the grave, where it becomes a true washtub as he ritually cleanses the bones with a bottle of rice wine.
“My brother had Johnny Cash’s live ‘At Folsom Prison’ album, and I stole it from his room,” she recalled.
And leases on tens of thousands of federal acres remain unclaimed because the oil and gas cannot be economically recovered.
The database may eventually be made available to European forensic experts attempting to identify remains of Holocaust victims.
But in the 20 months since his prison term ended, he has been in immigration custody in Lords Valley, Pa., challenging the government’s attempt to return him to Trinidad and Tobago, a country he left 28 years ago and where he has no family.
It does not make you a better human being.
In Dr. Sutherland’s reconstruction, phosphate plays a critical role not only as an ingredient but also as a catalyst and in regulating acidity.
Many of the younger activists say that the men around Mr. Abbas are mistaken to take armed struggle off the table, especially after Israel’s attack on Gaza in January.
Out of all the problems we have run into in dealing with the giant hairball that is known as the Bush War on Terror, one of the weirdest is the reaction to President Obama ’s plan to close down Guantánamo .
That doesn’t make any sense.
Ms. Kusama puts Ms. Fox’s lithe physique right in your face and then demands to know what you think you’re looking at.
“Wendell Minor: Reaching for the Moon,” children’s book art.
The Iowa criminal prosecutions were an abrupt departure from past immigration enforcement practice, in which illegal work cases had generally been handled under civil law.
Minister of Defense Abdul Rahim Wardak called for a day of peace on Thursday, the day of elections, and said the Afghan security forces would not mount any offensive operations that day.
They traffic in statistics.” The note is soon revealed to be an ostinato.
Mr. Kunzel’s illness was diagnosed in late April.
I knew he would be looking for my left.” Pacquiao was a 2-1 favorite, but few thought Hatton would go easily.
That’s a transgression Ahmadinejad may not survive.
Last week Heather Hitchens, the executive director of the New York State Council on the Arts, tagged along.
Even the baby seemed to like it — incentive enough to make it again before she’s 10.
The deciding factor is whether the retailer has a physical presence in the state where the customer is located.
Many companies already use Twitter, monitoring what customers say about them and offering discounts and promotions to their followers.
In other words, the population of a city is approximately inversely proportional to its rank.
The American League hitters see more off-speed stuff.” A.L.
Bebo is an elegant musician, but also one who won't be outdone; when you don't expect it, his sense of occasion, or perhaps competition, rises up in billowing, well-articulated runs.
Pakistan’s foreign minister, Shah Mehmood Qureshi, objected to airstrikes by Predator drones in tribal areas, part of a covert campaign against militants by the Central Intelligence Agency.
The orchestra had basically two days to work.
FREIHOFER’S JAZZ FESTIVAL Saratoga, June 27-28.
Beloved husband of late Bernice, 57 years.
Many bats use echolocation — a type of sonar using ultrasonic pulses — to find prey.
The Devils fans who have adored him for a decade and a half even cheered derisively for saves he made after the game was out of reach.
For Mr. Cheney, the failure to win a pardon was a stinging loss that led him to offer a rare public rebuke of Mr. Bush’s judgment, saying of Mr. Libby in an interview with The Weekly Standard last month that “I strongly believe that he deserved a presidential pardon,” and that “I disagree with President Bush’s decision.” Mr. Libby was convicted of four felony counts in March 2007 for obstruction, perjury and lying to investigators looking into the leak of Valerie Wilson’s employment with the Central Intelligence Agency.
The fractured, delicate music of the orchestra seemed as much an embodiment of the vocal sounds as an accompaniment to them.
Like competing programs such as g-tac pro ($19.99), Dynolicious will also let you assess your vehicle’s top speed, but to get precise results you’ll need to secure the phone in a cradle.
And as a young boy, I didn’t know why he wasn’t around at Christmas time, when Santa came to the house.
Yes, its leader, Mr. Moussavi, surely is less liberal than most of his followers.
TATUPU SITS AGAIN Seattle Seahawks linebacker Lofa Tatupu, who has been to three Pro Bowls, missed his second practice in three days, but Coach Jim Mora he was not concerned.
Ms. Lynn said that water levels in the two federal reservoirs, Shasta and Folsom, were lower than they were during one of the state’s worst dry spells, in 1976-77, but that the levels in state reservoirs were a little higher than they were then.
(There are photographs of the newly reunited family atop one of the World Trade Center towers days before it fell.)
In recent years, the Fourth Circuit had become the most assertively conservative court in the nation.
I talked to sociologists and specialists who study children’s literature and even, amazingly, an English professor who recently wrote an entire scholarly paper analyzing the work of Lurlene McDaniel.
Joan G. Tolchin, M.D., President Carlo A. Filiaci, M.D., Secretary
Consumers could also be affected: California is the nation’s leading producer of a variety of fruits, vegetables and other foods.
Switching to ultra-low-flow means you could go anywhere from two gallons all the way down to half a gallon a minute.
About the size of a plump multivitamin, the iPill is one-third medicine and two-thirds microprocessor, battery, antenna and other miniaturized equipment.
“Vultures,” I remember a friend calling the aid workers, and we scoffed at the way they jostled for media attention and the favor of government officials.
She forced him out the following year, after declaring that “character counts.” Mr. Hayden, who has overseen the search for a chancellor, seemed visibly relieved to have finally identified a new leader.
“The Intuition card,” she said.
The couple met in the summer of 1999, when they worked at an ice cream parlor in Scarsdale that eventually became Last Licks Ice Cream.
For 38 seconds, Rodriguez was silent.
“This is one of the major things I’m running on,” he said at the time of his plan to restrict no-bid contracts.
Ralph was actively involved in architectural preservation and directed the restoration of a number of pre-Revolutionary buildings in Newport, RI.
Past administrations have also been critical of excessive pay, but corporate executives have found ingenious ways around limits, often hiring consultants to create new forms of compensation.
Working with hardly any resources, save their extraordinary will and intense desire to end the conflict, the women’s initial efforts evolved into a movement, the Liberian Mass Action for Peace.
Dr. Eisen suspects that the actin gene was ferried from eukaryotes to the bacteria long ago.
Yow refused to feel sorry for herself in her long struggle with cancer.
Once banks embraced the new procedures, money disappeared from your account much faster when you wrote a check.
Mr. Geithner said the government would demand higher capital requirements for all the participants.
Those universities may not have much longer to get their houses in order before they find themselves in trouble with Washington .
It is also anything but envy-inducing or seductive.
Residents of a tent city in East Providence agreed to leave their spot under an I-195 bridge in three and a half weeks, but they said they were not happy about it and might still try to fight it.
When the food company executives had finished lunch, Dr. Frieden made his pitch: Over the next five years, identify the foods that are contributing the most sodium to people’s diets and cut the level of salt by 25 percent.
His failure on Tuesday led to a 7-0 rout at Fenway Park, where Josh Beckett allowed one hit in six innings.
“There are people who are getting a lot of heat from their friends.” The school board issue has divided a township of about 37,000, whose voters have rebuffed four previous efforts to change to an elected board, the last time in 1995, by more than 2 to 1.
He is also the vice chairman of the Kennedy Krieger Institute in Baltimore, a hospital affiliated with Johns Hopkins.
I mentioned once hearing Yo-Yo Ma give a master class.
If President-elect Barack Obama is serious about improving the health of poor women, one of his first agenda items should be the repeal of the Hyde Amendment.
It came on clay, and she beat Venus Williams of the United States, Marion Bartoli of France and Wozniacki (all top 20 players) on the way.
“I think people may be willing to contribute something like the cost of maybe going to the movies one night to helping green the M.T.A.,” he said.
The Fab Four morphs into the Fab Five when a new player, Romeo, comes to St. Vincent.
Fleeting musical dedications to friends and artistic figures are a trademark of Mr. Kurtag, an important composer whose music, influenced by Bartok and Webern, defies easy classification.
A memorial service will be held at St. Joseph's Yorkville on Friday, June 12th at 3pm.
Dr. Hobson was a co-author on the paper.
Assuming her maternal grandmother's voice, Walls, the author of ''The Glass Castle,'' recreates an adrenaline-charged existence on the rough-and-tumble Southwest frontier.
None are illustrated in “Cars.” There was the retro trend of Chrysler’s PT Cruiser (not shown).
“There are too many uncertainties, and I don’t think any particular plan is going to wipe the slate clean.” The S.& P. 500 slid 4.49 points, or 0.64 percent, to 696.33, its first close below 700 since October 1996.
Addressing the court the day before the verdict, Ms. Knox said she was “afraid of being branded a murderer .” In their closing arguments, prosecutors showed the jury an animated simulation of the night of the crime.
She made landscape drawings, silhouettes and “japanned” (lacquered) objects, fashionable at the time, some of which are on view at the center.
If the differences between new and soured love don’t register meaningfully, though, it’s because the grown-ups are drawn too broadly and without the nuance — the expository fights are particularly off key — that might obscure the narrative schema.
New Jersey Repertory Company, 179 Broadway.
The nascent frugality, she said, “forces you to be imaginative and create things that are meaningful.” Indeed, Deanna Duke, who lives in Seattle and writes about the environment and sustainability at Thecrunchychicken.com , said more of her readers are expressing a desire to make their own presents, even though they worry the recipients will think they cheaped out.
That’s far more the Knicks game than it is ours.” With the victory, the Knicks managed to cobble together consecutive victories for the first time since they beat the Nets and the Kings on Dec. 10 and 13, a span of a dozen games.
“They play with passion,” shortstop Jimmy Rollins said.
So I decided to make the leap.
Since June 20, after Rodriguez’s first day off, he has hit .316.
Investigators said that Mr. Pena and his friend, whose name was not released, were walking near Hester and Forsyth Streets about 6 p.m. when they were approached by two men who had confronted them a short time earlier.
He will be deeply missed.
Galileo returned the favor by giving Cosimo another telescope, clad in red leather and stamped with decorations.
The company said it would lay off 1,100 workers, close 12 facilities and narrow its product portfolio in an effort to reduce costs.
I’ve forgotten how to be a father.
medical centers to receive follow-up blood checks because they could have been exposed to infectious body fluids.
“It requires an outreach effort.
Baghdad, even now, is an extremely tense place.
They can dwell in habitats where so-called higher life forms like us would quickly die, including acid-drenched mines and Antarctic deserts.
There are also three restaurants, including Osaka, with Peruvian-Asian cuisine.
... Canisius (10-18, 4-13 MAAC) won, 75-49, at home against Marist (9-21, 4-13).
It gives you an extraordinary confidence.” STEPANEK DEFEATS FISH Fourth-seeded Radek Stepanek won his second ATP title this year, rallying to beat fifth-seeded Mardy Fish , 3-6, 6-4, 6-2, in the SAP Open in San Jose, Calif. A day after rallying from a set down to beat the 2008 champion Andy Roddick in the semifinals, Stepanek was forced to do the same against Fish.
“I’ve heard a lot about how much confusion there is about how to get the vaccine,” Ms. Sebelius said Friday.
CALAMARI--Laura (Buonocore), of Harrison, died on December 1, 2009.
07-9995, concerned what should follow from a judge’s erroneous denial of a criminal defendant’s attempt to exclude a potential juror by using a peremptory strike — the kind that does not ordinarily require giving a reason.
Especially when you have a great sense of team.
In the second half of the program Ms. Millo’s glittering voice and gleaming top notes were also displayed to dramatic effect, beginning with Puccini’s “Laggiù nel Soledad” from “La Fanciulla del West.” Ms. Millo, who talked about her recent weight loss, was joined by the tenor Michael Fabiano for a sizzling rendition of an excerpt from Leoncavallo’s “Zazà.” Perhaps the highlight of the evening was her thrilling interpretation of “L’altra notte” from Boito’s “Mefistofele.” She also offered an evocative performance of “Danny Boy” with the harpist Merynda Adams.
Barbara Probst Solomon New York, June 22, 2009  To the Editor: Tony Judt misleads in many ways, among them by implying that the West Bank was captured by Israel in 1967 from some Palestinian country and not Jordan (which does not seek its return), and contending that Yigal Amir was inspired to assassinate Yitzhak Rabin by “rabbinical” influence at Bar-Ilan University (Mr. Amir has stated clearly otherwise).
Not long ago, I read that a physician estimated that statins cost $150,000 for each year of life saved.
A private memorial will be held in late November.
The arena would be built on an 8.5-acre railyard and on adjacent property, much of which Mr. Ratner has acquired.
To reach that point, Democrats plan to enforce a rule requiring that credentials presented by incoming senators be countersigned by both a state’s governor and secretary of state.
Only 30 percent of the voters deemed global warming to be “a top priority,” compared with 35 percent in 2008.
THE BASICS Flights between New York City and Montevideo require a connection, usually in Panama City, Buenos Aires, Santiago or São Paulo.
for America's inner cities, baseball for Dominicans is viewed as the quickest and most glamorous route out of poverty, which in that country is as hard to ignore as the Caribbean Sea.
Andre Smith, the All-American left tackle, was suspended by Saban for what multiple news media outlets are saying was improper contact with an agent.
Well, in the barn of her new old farm in Vermont, where some of “Middle Cyclone” was recorded, there are six of eight castoff pianos that Case discovered offered free on Craigslist.
Not to worry, said Russell Wolff, managing director of ESPN International.
David Wiseman’s crystal cups for Artel give new meaning to “on the rocks.” 9.
With the insurance money, Ms. Jordan built the current farmhouse for $120,000.
The privacy that members thought their money was buying was shattered when the club’s rolls were made public as part of its bankruptcy case.
Caitlin Chaffee, concerned about “inconsistencies,” wrote that at one security checkpoint, “I even had an orange confiscated, because they said it was a liquid of more than three ounces.” The Homeland Security Department recently reminded travelers that liquids and gels could be carried on only in “three-ounce containers” that all fit in a quart-size zipper bag.
He can play complicated swing as well as his own version of electronic drum-and-bass rhythms, more funky and more spartan.
Mr. Hirst’s Blue Paintings, as he calls the series that make up the show, have not been well received by the British press.
Were the photos from our vacation in Maui ever uploaded to a Facebook album?
She will be sorely missed by everyone who knew her.
This surviving element is also blocked off by barriers, and the intrepid must approach it overland from Fort Tryon Park, from the parking lot next to the cozy little New Leaf Cafe.
Critics say that if the primary purpose of the ITER venture is to create large supplies of emissions-free electricity to mitigate climate change , then the money would be better invested in existing technologies like wind and solar power, which have been proven and are ready for deployment.
In addition to the firefighter, who lost the tip of a finger while trying to remove passengers from an elevator in the Bronx in 2008 but is back on the job, a police officer was hurt.
Only a public option can bring sanity to the world of health insurance.
Even the most optimistic observers expect the job losses to continue, although, hopefully, at a slower pace.
A similar conclusion had been reached in a 2005 report that reviewed 43 previous studies, finding “no clear scientific evidence” for most of the methods reviewed.
Notably, children who took walks in natural settings did better than those who walked in urban areas, according to the report, published online in August in The Journal of Attention Disorders.
The employee loans, of course, may not turn out to be a good investment for Goldman, though Goldman can take employees who do not pay to court or seize money from their brokerage accounts.
Tim Kaine was born in St. Paul.
“A number of projects need to move into development phase,” Mr. McMahon said, for this export infrastructure to become functional and efficient.
Yet the specific setting of “Blue Mustang” has evolved since it was commissioned in the 1990s, changing how the work is perceived.
Wal-Mart’s cuts are modest compared with those of other chains like Saks, which laid off 9 percent of its work force.
Ira T. Kay, the head of compensation at the consulting firm Watson Wyatt, said, “No one’s looking to give them sympathy, but it’s not correct to say they haven’t felt the pain of their shareholders.” Still, at some banks, like Goldman and JPMorgan, the stock in the bonus pools from 2006 and 2007 has almost fully recovered its value.
The next day the league banned such antics, a prohibition known informally as the Avery Rule.
Wyndham Worldwide is building a 44-unit fractional-ownership project at Grand Elk.
In some cases, image — not wanting to appear to be spending lavishly in a recession — is the impetus.
Peanut butter in jars that is sold in stores, however, is not considered to be a risk, the F.D.A.
There is lack of communication between the varied and numerous consultants on inpatients.
This house is on the market for 4,250 euros per square meter ($495 per square foot) — a higher price point because it overlooks the park and has a garage on the first floor.
Oh, he sleeps with vigor, too.
Back then, Murray told del Potro to “watch his mouth,” but by Sunday, the players appeared to have moved on.
In addition to academic papers, he wrote two books for a general readership: “The Creative Age: Awakening Human Potential in the Second Half of Life” and “The Mature Mind: The Positive Power of the Aging Brain.” Both exhorted older people and their families to engage in creative activities, arguing that science had shown that such activities lead people to longer, healthier lives.
Similarly, support for decreasing or removing all troops from Iraq slipped when respondents were asked if they would still support that policy even if it resulted in Iraq becoming a base for terrorists, an argument raised by Mr. Bush in calling for a sustained troop presence there.
And the season’s successful romantic comedies, “The Proposal” and “The Ugly Truth,” while perfectly conventional, do their predictable business in a more or less adult setting.
In the game’s 12th minute, Datsyuk flattened Malkin, one of four body checks Datsyuk threw.
Mr. Stossel had delivered speeches to political groups long before joining Fox.
We celebrate you on May Day.
Sometimes he shapes it in ways that are evocative, as in the several classic “nature studies” he made from 1955 to 1998, or dramatically charged, as in the innumerable great male-female duets he has made since the 1940s.
They stuck out because they were white and wore cowboy hats.
Now he can be around for his parents, and he can help other addicts.
And the market is heating up.
The Lady Vols are a fifth seed, but you can never completely count them out .
If he could pull that off, he promised, then a Formula One team would be the next step.
For the second year in a row the city has teamed up with mtvU, MTV ’s college network, with two weeks of live performances and undulating student crowds from March 8 to 21.
“It had to do with a past private dispute between him and somebody else.” There has been an increase in grand larcenies — or theft of property worth $1,000 or more.
But Mr. Vered said he was vigilant about safety.
Delta and Air France-KLM, seeking to merge various routes between the United States and Europe, have received tentative approval from regulatory authorities in the United States, and are seeking approval from the European Union.
“I was bewildered,” he recalled.
And the conversation, which may occasionally include a little Spanish, could also be a bit more pointed.
“We recognized early on there would be an increased need for these books,” said Mr. Hathaway of Barnes & Noble.
It may be, as one Russian commentator has suggested, that motorists are playing the role in Russia’s civic development that was expected to fall to entrepreneurs and small businessmen.
“Is that the kind of example we’re talking about setting — enabling corruption with your own personal money?” he said.
“It’s not necessarily Chinese,” said Vicki Hilton, a local zoning inspector on lunch break at Ziggie’s.
PAGE A22 DELINQUENCY AND PREVENTION The Senate version of the reauthorized Juvenile Justice and Delinquency and Prevention Act of 1974 marks a welcome departure from policies that have increasingly criminalized the nation's children.
“Here’s the franchise that I gave birth to,” Colangelo said.
Meanwhile, oil prices followed stock markets lower on Friday as a wave of speculative buyers looked for direction after the Federal Reserve said the struggling economy would hold back inflation this year.
The head of the Taxi and Limousine Commission , the city agency that regulates the industry, acknowledged that combating phone use by drivers remains “a constant battle.” But the commissioner, Matthew W. Daus, said the problem is not as bad as it used to be, citing a decline in summonses and consumer complaints from 2008 and this year.
The University of Phoenix’s enrollment has clearly benefited from its advertising budget: with more than 350,000 students, its enrollment is surpassed by only a few state universities.
I think the rules are vague and need a fresh look.
What are you going to do?
“We’ve been through things before.” The decision ended what had been a four-year campaign for the Games here, and one that had already cost millions.
“If Comcast had control over the NBC portfolio, they would be calling the shots for a significant portion of American viewing hours,” said Craig Moffett, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Company.
Originally a charter company that ferried passengers from the Midwest to Atlantic City, the privately held company has, since 2006, been taking the ultra-low-cost, à la carte approach to air travel to places it’s never been, at least in this country.
This cash is mostly for projects such as playing fields or administration offices.
Unlike earlier in the day, though, when everything was running on a military schedule, the air was looser here.
Only later do we learn the true cause of her stomach distress.
“With factory gate prices falling, wage growth likely to slow sharply and a big amount of spare capacity in the economy, core inflation will decelerate considerably.” He also warned that the euro zone, “with a more timid policy response than elsewhere,” runs a risk of “a more prolonged and damaging period of deflation .” Oil prices, though, are currently working against that possibility.
The price bubble burst when the global economy plunged into a recession and industrial activity worldwide slowed sharply last year.
At the tournament, every single kid that walks in there wants a jumbo ball.
Inside the two-story base of the statue, which opened last September, visitors can see a replica of Genghis Khan’s legendary golden whip, sample traditional cuisine — heavy on the horse meat and potatoes — and experience some decidedly un-nomadic customs, like billiards.
What she learned was that the pros in her field not only were ill prepared for the disaster but also became overwhelmed by the horrific stories that they heard and by their own terrorism-induced anxieties.
Her health started to fail soon after they married.
And Dr. Fishman noted that existing flu vaccines contain components of the H1N1 virus, so “I do not consider this a new vaccine — the vaccine is being made the same way that every influenza vaccine is made.” What are the symptoms of swine flu?
A spring training day off, Yankees Manager Joe Girardi said jokingly, gives an idle baseball mind too much time to think.
“As a scale player, Pfizer can generate dramatically more earnings out of Wyeth than Wyeth can alone.” Two Pfizer chairmen before Mr. Kindler have made major acquisitions with grand ambitions, only to see them falter.
Mr. Zeltser and his personal assistant, Vladlena Funk, were arrested at the Minsk airport on an airplane belonging to a Russian oligarch, Boris A. Berezovsky.
It is no small thing to plant and maintain foliage resembling a small forest in New York City — it requires two hours of watering a day, said Mr. Goldstein, who pays $1,700 a month in rent for the roof.
Minibar — like Alinea in Chicago, WD-50 in New York and a handful of other avant-garde restaurants around the country — is devoted utterly to untraditional cooking.
Nearly 30 percent of the companies have already changed the matching feature, or plan to do so.
But India has not launched wars against either abstract nouns or actual countries that it has no hope of winning or even disengaging from.
They needed to shed payroll to sign Bradley, so they traded Mark DeRosa, their most versatile player and a consistent, productive presence for two years.
Questions remain, such as whether the laid-back Gayle, a popular captain, is also the right leader.
“You can say all you want about something, but then there’s the experience.” She married Mr. Golis late in the afternoon on Oct. 3 at a private Hudson Valley estate in Marbletown, N.Y. Bill Scher, a Universal Life minister, led the couple though vows and the exchange of simple gold bands bought in Rome.
My 401(k) — forget it.
The company is struggling to please consumers and workers at the same time.
But we won’t be humiliated!” They went out knowing that going to each demonstration meant signing their death warrants.
“We wanted to be part of the community.” The exterior has a strong Asian influence, with brick-red geometric roof sections reminiscent of a pagoda.
David A. Paterson, who championed changing drug sentencing as a state senator and has said the issue would be a top priority of his administration, has dispatched senior members of his staff to work with leading lawmakers to draft legislation that would rewrite the Rockefeller-era drug laws.
The executives whose actions are at the center of the worst financial disaster in decades have been well paid for their service.
Propelled by Vaughn’s season-high 24 points, the Scarlet Knights hung close but lost to the Huskies for the fourth straight time.
She leaves behind her loving daughter Carol Bruno Kaplan of Massachusetts, her sister Madeline of California.
It planned to use cash from the I.P.O.
Some criminals had convictions thrown out, or avoided being charged, because evidence was obtained illegally or found by relying on illegally obtained information.
Male and female roles are kept beautifully distinct: how good to see a pas de deux where both really are doing the pas.
Her outlay, with mortgage and monthly charges, is around $1,600 a month.
“Obviously, when it’s over, and you sit back and think: ‘Oh my God, to heck with my career.
Price was the Tigers’ catcher on Sept. 19, 1968 , when he and pitcher Denny McLain conspired to give Mickey Mantle a going-away gift.
Though the Administration for Children's Services issues letters to them saying that they are most likely eligible for public assistance, many child-welfare advocates worry that a number may still end up homeless.
opens the door to pressure from other groups to press for them.
They warn that making restrictions too tight could dry up lending for consumers and small businesses that rely on the cards.
“These days, people just can’t afford to keep these animals, and we take care of them until they find a new home.
Some girls continue working for pimps even after the pimps are incarcerated.
In Brazil, you live with less, but you’re not running all the time.
She and Homer are now learning together.
At the beginning of the year, Poland suffered along with other emerging markets as investors pulled their money out en masse.
With more than 6,000 digitalized images of Leonardo’s works to choose from, Leonardo3 has virtually unbound all of his Codexes to communicate better “with people who’ve grown up on computers and PlayStations and aren’t likely to read an exhibit blurb,” said Mario Taddei, one of Mr. Lisa’s partners in Leonardo3.
It conveniently ignores policies that will lower costs for those who have insurance, expand coverage and provide affordable insurance options to millions of Americans.” White House officials said the industry had ignored features of the bill that would lower costs for consumers, like subsidies for people who could not afford insurance.
Orchids, pandanus, gold plumerias, bougainvillea and gardenias glow along mossy passageways in the morning sunlight as servants flutter, placing offerings of food and wafting incense in every statue nook.
Ms. Giffords recently completed a motorcycle expedition with military veterans that ended at a Tucson cemetery with the burial of newly discovered remains of soldiers who died defending 19th-century settlers in what was then the territory of Arizona.
He said the Russian side had been “absolutely fair and honest” with Ms. Tagliavini’s commission and felt optimistic about the report’s objectivity.
All of that might sound like ancient history here in 2009.
PUT A HEISMAN IN STANFORD BACK'S JUGGLING ACT Toby Gerhart is also a professional baseball prospect, a scholar, and a role model for his five siblings.
The Phillies are the same way, and may be the best comeback team in baseball.
Add to lentils and simmer 2 to 3 minutes.
We'd just be trading the hubris of Wall Street for the hubris of Washington.
But Carter, pacified on marijuana , booze and cigarettes, doesn’t have the leftover energy to be nasty.
“Maybe through this music there’s healing,” he said.
Some of that decline undoubtedly reflects a drop in overall network television viewership, but it can also be traced to a feeling among onetime fans that the series has left them behind without a good re-entry point.
LESENGER--Mildred, 91, of Maplewood, NJ, formerly of Paterson and Verona, NJ, on July 27, 2009.
That Broxton, the Dodgers closer, was on the mound in a non-save situation was fitting.
Yet far dirtier incinerators continue to be built in inland cities where residents have shown little awareness of pollution.
Senator Lyman Trumbull warned that if Congress’s authority were interpreted too narrowly, “the trumpet of freedom that we have been blowing throughout the land has given an ‘uncertain sound,’ and the promised freedom is a delusion.” It was not until the civil rights movement of the 1950s and ’60s that Congress got serious about the assignment laid out in the post-Civil War amendments.
The potential paying customer base for Newsday.com is limited, because people who subscribe to Cablevision or to Newsday in print — 75 percent of Long Island households, the company said — would continue to have free, unrestricted access to the site.
The five and dime where my mother worked the lunch counter was on Westchester Avenue.
“But I am so happy,” he says about the $300-a-month windowless space in the basement of a storefront church in the Bronx.
The $131.8 billion budget, which could hardly be called austere, is largely a reflection of the liberal tilt of Mr. Silver, and the Assembly’s predilection for big spending on social programs, no matter the economic climate.
To explore the Brahms serenade, the Philharmonic presents an ''Inside the Music'' program on Friday night, hosted by the actor Alec Baldwin, and written and produced by the critic and author Joseph Horowitz.
But he closed with a genuine appreciation for the game, which he called “my refuge, my place I’ve always gone when I needed to find comfort and peace.” Now an executive and part owner of the Charlotte Bobcats, Jordan, 46, ended with one more tease.
I was just thinking about what I needed to do to win the game.''
18 Iowa on Feb. 8, 2006.
The names are not the biggest show business can offer — Joan Rivers and Dennis Rodman are among the headliners — but the basic formula still works, and Mr. Trump manages to preside with a straight face.
Rather, he seemed to have developed a sense for when it was best for the court, or perhaps even for the country, not to carry every favored proposition over a cliff to its logical conclusion.
The Davis was one of the great oddball cars of American history, alongside such novelties as the Stout Scarab and the vest-pocket Crosley.
On Sunday, the Justice Department said that it might fine UBS and possibly even indict the bank if a judge required it to disclose the names and it continued to refuse to do so.
A winter visit is equally rewarding: The second-floor dining rooms have a gas fire, masses of votive candles and natural touches like a room divider made of reeds and glass vases holding rocks and branches.
Kolb appears set to get that chance against New Orleans on Sunday after the Eagles’ regular starter, Donovan McNabb , was listed as doubtful because of a fractured rib.
“It happens to every club,” Minaya said.
Some executives, like the top traders at A.I.G.
It’s sad, but there’s nothing to be done.
The Futures Tour player Jean Reynolds was third after a 72 for a one-under 141.
Le Pen, 40, is expected to take over the leadership of the National Front from her father, who is 81.
Carolina Nadel Arlington, Va., Jan. 26, 2009 The writer is a medical doctor and a children’s book writer-illustrator who is working on a picture book to help children cope with parents returning from war with PTSD.
He has a strong melodic sense and the pop knack for distilling a relationship down to a hook.
“Most people say feedback is important, but the hidden message is, ‘as long as it’s good.’ ” said Robert Brooks, an assistant clinical professor of psychology at Harvard Medical School.
Vic Chesnutt , whose darkly comic songs about mortality, vulnerability and life’s simple joys made him a favorite of critics and fellow musicians, died Friday in a hospital in Athens, Ga., a family spokesman said.
PAGE B11 Armstrong to Ride in Support B13 Arts 'REAL HOUSEWIVES,' Now in New Jersey The next season of Bravo's ''Real Housewives'' franchise is set in New Jersey, and despite the economic downturn, the three-year-old series chronicling the lives of wealthy women is more popular than ever.
Lang Lang Matt: He has amazing technique, and he’s definitely concerned with external effect, with showiness.
The best choice may be Milo’s Inn at Boulder, a bed-and-breakfast with lovely terrazzo tile flooring and marble-bedecked bathrooms along a waterfall-dappled courtyard.
It seems like every major civilization has marched through there and conquered it at one time or another, from the Romans to the Byzantines to the Ottomans, the Nazis, the Communists.
Consider a cafeteria where healthy foods like fruit and yogurt are placed in a prominent location, while junk foods are relegated to an out-of-the way spot.
Now, a growing number of haredi Jews in Brooklyn say they do not think they can get justice from the rabbinical courts, which in several high-profile cases have exonerated people who were later criminally convicted of child abuse.
Loving, caring, with a great generous spirit.
As a county, it has an extraordinary history of fallings-out with leading players, who have been wont to return to haunt it with their new teams.
The prime minister of India , Manmohan Singh , is standing next to Mr. Obama.
Spider-Man was bitten by a radioactive spider.
''Harvard needs to live up to its name.''
Inside, the crowd danced and smashed together at the bar, where the all-Icelandic staff slung green bottles of Carls-berg beer.
They still have a place in the memories of a generation of fans and can be powerful mentoring influences.
We rode under bullet-train tracks, monorail tracks and an elevated highway crisscrossing each other overhead — arteries that gave me a sense of the movement of this great city.
It is generally the parents who, facing the bills, send out the invitations and collect the cash; so, by and large, more guests are there for them than for the bride and groom.
A partially covered deck runs along the back and is accessible through the family room, a bathroom and the master bedroom.
In May, Mr. Blair issued a classified memorandum announcing that it would be his office that selected the top American spies in each country.
“I’m not interested in the mechanical parts,” he said.
This is still a hypothetical, because unlike investment banks, endowments don’t have to mark to market.
“You can’t just reduce it to a bunch of numbers,” he recalls thinking.
Increasingly, book parties are also taking place at swanky hotel bars, like the Park in Connaught Place (15 Parliament Street; 91-11-2374-3000; www.theparkhotels.com ), and offer a glimpse of India’s upper classes.
Guys are going to get beat up during the season, and having the depth we have will only help us.” INSIDE PITCH Derek Jeter, who is returning from the World Baseball Classic, told Joe Girardi that he planned to be in the lineup on Tuesday against Boston.
But the situation is different in the United States, where there is a patchwork of different rules.
It was the eighth month in a row that the reading had come in below 50, which is the dividing line between expansion and contraction.
Other publications owned by the company included The Houston Voice, The South Florida Blade, David Atlanta magazine and 411 Magazine.
Taplin Auditorium, Princeton University, Nassau Street.
Europe tends to price people’s names.
Such situations remind us of the need for training for all of us in safety procedures.
Mr. Holbrooke, now the Obama administration’s special envoy to Pakistan and Afghanistan, has repeatedly denied any such deal and has been backed up by another American official .
Later that evening, we drove along the banks of the St. Lawrence, allowing a cool, damp breeze and that Champagne air to bathe us.
“We weren’t looking for the same dollars as they were, but something equivalent,” he said.
But the source wished to remain anonymous for fear of retribution from the private meter company or the city.
“And one of those issues in the context of the health care debate was speaking out against tax increases we saw as too expensive.” Typically, Congressional freshmen are more seen than heard.
Mommy, ma and Grandma Mina.
Thus we limped into August.
The accountability office said that 53 percent of health practitioners had reported experiencing pressure from company officials to play down injuries or illnesses, and that 47 percent had reported experiencing this pressure from workers.
said it also recently used some money from the Treasury to restructure its mortgage-guaranty business — something GMAC, Fannie and Freddie are struggling to do as well.
But Michèle Tribalat of its National Institute of Demographic Studies estimates that a quarter of France’s 64 million people have foreign origins.
“I used to be somebody, I had a job.
That leaves some risk, since newer apps in Android’s “Market” will have too little feedback for it to be of real use.
“Commanders have not had their instructions changed seven times a day,” the military officer said.
The next open audition will be on March 14 at 10 a.m. Future Events March 21 at 7 p.m., a panel discussion on the history of gospel and spiritual music, with Derrick Bell, the author, lawyer and teacher; the Rev.
Composers have flocked to this festival since 1975, when Morton Feldman founded it as an American version of the Darmstadt festival in Germany.
“I was told to forget and forgive back then.
(Ginia Bellafante) 20090723 ‘THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA’ Who was that masked man, anyway?
Members of both parties raised doubt about whether the legislation could survive a court challenge, saying it was tantamount to a retroactive “bill of attainder,” which is banned by the Constitution.
We’ll see if he seizes this opportunity, or whether it’s just business as usual.
A late July hailstorm that lasted less than a minute shredded their 85 acres of crops.
The family and friends deeply mourn the passing of Gerald J. Katz, the beloved son of the late Edward Katz and Celia Katz.
A terrible movie adaptation results.
Plans for a dining table are on hold.
Congress makes the tax laws; the I.R.S.
Quarterback Zac Robinson fumbled a snap to end one Oklahoma State drive in the fourth quarter, and Jamal Robinson then returned an interception 26 yards for a score to seal the upset with 3 minutes 14 seconds left.
On.” That quotation captures precisely why a good production of “Waiting for Godot” is never a bummer.
''Mount Peter has been here a long time and struggled financially many years, but it never closed,'' said Gail Sampson, who along with her husband, Don, has owned the ski area for 38 years.
Sales were down 6 percent in the United States and 20 percent internationally.
Cutting off crooks answering his questions as though they’re wasting his time in getting to jail, Marvin creates a man who you just know lives by a pre-Miranda, confess-or-I’ll-slug-ya code.
Born in Glasgow, Scotland to Fanny and David Lazarus.
has posted the salary of league players signed through March 2.
No person wants to live in a society where the rule of law gives way to the rule of brutality and bribery.
The most tense discussions happening behind the scenes in recent days were over Mr. Barnier's appointment, as Britain lobbied against the inclusion of financial services in his portfolio.
Currently, 82.5 percent of Newark’s 39,500 students qualify for free- and reduced-price lunches.
Fawn Pierre has a new puppy training business in San Francisco.
Laura DiMambro Newton, Mass., April 20, 2009  To the Editor: I am concerned about the inevitable loss of mid-level jobs that would accompany consolidation of local governments.
“I have this typical Ukrainian face,” she says.
But in the desert restaurant universe, a mirage has now arisen that could mean either salvation or doom: the $8.5 billion CityCenter project.
“The stimulus is wonderful and it is great and it has saved jobs and programs, but we can’t kid ourselves,” said Photeine Anagnostopoulos, chief operating officer for the Education Department, saying that half the school districts in the country were in a similar position.
LongHouse Reserve Art Center, 133 Hands Creek Road.
Ms. Munro, whose new short-story collection, “Too Much Happiness,” was seen as a likely nominee, said that she was withdrawing the book from consideration because she has won the prize twice before — for her collections “The Love of a Good Woman” (in 1998) and “Runaway” (in 2004) — and younger writers should have a chance to win.
There are dunes threaded with boardwalks and hiking paths, a beachfront bathhouse and snack bar (as with the inn, proceeds support the trustees’ preservation work) and Thursday night picnic concerts on the Grand Allée.
These officials should — finally — come up with a clear set of rules for sex typing, one open to scientific review, one that will allow athletes like Semenya, in the privacy of their doctors’ offices, to find out, before publicly competing, whether they will be allowed to win in the crazy sport of sex.
The indictment is expected to allege that the correction officers “were purposefully not paying attention,” the official said.
On the other side are the Food and Drug Administration and outside experts who say that any traces of lead that do exist are too minute to cause harm.
It puts us in a terrible position, because everyone knows each other.
For their part, analysts played down the significance of the October sales, noting that numbers overall were so low that the small increases overstated the progress.
Mr. Thomas said it was tough to have that hanging over his head for 40 years, though it could have been worse.
Assemblyman Rubén Díaz Jr. easily captured a special election for Bronx borough president on Tuesday, and will succeed Adolfo Carrión Jr., who is now director of the White House Office of Urban Affairs.
By Matthew Saltmarsh The British authorities said Friday that they were making progress in their investigation into whether workers in London helped the disgraced financier Bernard L. Madoff carry out his Ponzi scheme and that charges in the case might be filed later this year.
When they first spoke, she was with her Chihuahua, Jose, who barked viciously and constantly.
The first piece in the exhibition, displayed in a vitrine like a religious relic in an otherwise nearly empty room, doubles as a helmet for, and portrait of, Charles V. Made by Filippo Negroli of Milan, the pre-eminent armorer of the 16th century, it has gilded curls and a beard matching the king’s real hair and delicately formed ears and lips of steel.
(There was a slight lag in the switch, so viewers could notice that the poster was changing its image.)
The strong sentiment against George W. Bush that reverberated throughout this state one year ago has dissipated; Mr. Obama’s policies have become a flash point for Mr. Deeds’s Republican opponent, Robert F. McDonnell, who has used it to draw independents to his camp.
According to a poll of 600 adults ages 18 and older, which was conducted Aug. 13 to 18 by Indiana University ’s Center for Health Policy and Professionalism Research and released last week, most Americans now believe that if health care reforms pass, health care services will be rationed and taxpayers will be required to pay for abortions.
The book is special, the timing special.
The Wildcats, however, have not had a player named to the all-SEC first team by The Associated Press since Chuck Hayes in 2005.
FIFA , the international governing body of football, as soccer is known in most of the world, also sent a representative, in a salute to the Palestinian commitment to the sport.
The talking points are already being polished.
As the global economy faltered, oil tumbled to $33 a barrel in December.
PAGE A14 FAMILY LINK EXAMINED IN SHOOTING Law enforcement officials said Robert Stewart, the man accused of killing eight people at a nursing home in Carthage, N.C., on Sunday, might have chosen the building because his estranged wife was working there when the shooting occurred.
And when it came time to close it out, he got into the mind-set he needed, the feeling he had during every one of his previous 65 victories flooding back.
The players learned how much Mahorn cares about the game, and Mahorn discovered how much his players care about him.
On both the left and the right, there is speculation about whether the influence of Mr. Gates, or of his national security adviser, Gen. James L. Jones , or of Secretary Hillary Rodham Clinton , had forced him to revise his view.
However, some analysts and former officials here blame the financial sanctions for having the opposite effect, provoking the North and hardening its resolve.
(Yes, she sleeps, although the first thing she does when she gets up is check her Twitter account.)
“Of course, I was a little afraid that it might not be true.
One of the biggest is the idea of a government-run insurance program, or public option, to compete with private insurers.
Over the course of his life, Wright also owned cars from Packard, Bentley, Mercedes and Jaguar.
But Yu Guoming, vice dean of the journalism school at Renmin University in Beijing, said that over the past two months he had served as a consultant to the government organizations and that Xinhua did have plans to get a license to create a 24-hour news channel that would broadcast in English internationally.
It’s about time he started doing some of the work, the real work.” Mr. Coen has presented his forecasts twice a year, with updates as needed, and written data-dense publications carrying the title “Insider’s Report.” The first Coen forecast each year, in June or July, has typically been sponsored by Magna or one of the other Interpublic agencies for which he has worked; among them were Magna Global and Universal McCann in addition to McCann-Erickson (now McCann Erickson Worldwide).
September ART AND POWER IN THE CENTRAL AFRICAN SAVANNA Examples of sculptures used for religious and political purposes in Central African cultures make up this exhibition of nearly 60 works from public and private collections in Europe and the United States.
In fact, Nazism combined sexual release with racial ideology, more so than is often appreciated.” A further elaboration came from Dagmar Herzog of the City University of New York, author of “Sex After Fascism: Memory and Morality in Twentieth-Century Germany”: “The Nazis pretended they were cleaning up the ‘dirty, Jewish’ sex of the Weimar era.
ALTHOUGH I was born and reared on a resort island in southern New Jersey, I have never learned to swim, nor have I ever gone fishing — nor, since moving to Manhattan in the mid-1950s, had I ever ventured out to observe the city from the Circle Line tours that depart from Pier 83 on the Hudson River at 42nd Street.
A federal judge has indefinitely delayed an execution scheduled for Dec. 8, the fourth execution to be postponed in Ohio since technicians failed for two hours last month to administer lethal drugs to a man convicted of murder and rape.
“What’s happening in each individual city drives our practice,” Ms. Leondakis said.
“This is a delicate situation for ABC all around,” said J. Max Robins, a vice president at the Paley Center for Media and a former editor of Broadcasting and Cable magazine.
But it could have been worse.
Yet they are also keenly aware that his mourning rites could set off further protests, especially as Iranians commemorate the death of Imam Hussein, Shiite Islam’s holiest martyr, on the Ashura holiday this Sunday.
Trier picked himself up and kept playing.
In addition to being more reliable, direct lending is also less expensive.
“We very specifically chose those places because of what they highlight,” Mr. Pfeiffer said in an interview late Tuesday afternoon from Denver , his voice crackling over the noise of Air Force One, which was firing up its engines for the flight to Phoenix .
Among the titles in development are ones devoted to reality TV, horror films and children’s pop culture.
By offering to insure bank loans, the government is exposing taxpayers to billions of pounds of potential losses.
They also argue and philosophize.
But if you did not know her back story and you walked into one of her news conferences here, you could think she was American.
I hope more help comes to help me find them.” In one corner of the village, a backhoe had dug a large grave intended for a mass burial.
It has about 20 investors, including the lead investor Amos B. Hostetter Jr., chairman of the venture capital firm Pilot House, as well as Benjamin B. Taylor, former publisher of The Globe, and Paul Sagan, chief executive of Akamai Technologies.
Running time: 1 hour 25 minutes.
About 300,000 people were forced into the camps after fleeing fighting in the final months of the government’s 25-year war with the separatist Tamil Tiger rebels, which ended in May.
“We’re better than this.” Then Guillen referred to Jerry Reinsdorf, the White Sox’ owner, who added more than $110 million in contracts by acquiring Jake Peavy from the San Diego Padres and Alex Rios from the Toronto Blue Jays.
Acer, the big PC manufacturer, has gone from offering no cellphones to selling eight new models, with more to come this year.
It stars a voluptuous model who resembles Divine, of John Waters fame, in circumstances that bring to mind William Eggleston and Diane Arbus.
American workers and taxpayers deserve a level playing field when the Pentagon bids out defense contracts.
For example, Mexican authorities may be more likely to look for swine flu in hospitals than authorities in other countries — who may be focusing on less vulnerable populations, like travelers.
But above all there was its audience.
Officially, at least, the 204 Central Committee members meeting this week have been given an agenda to shake up that model.
Or you won’t be at your best.” The Jets head to Oakland this weekend, where they will attempt to win their first game on the West Coast since 2004.
And he’s working on a new show for NBC with Padma Lakshmi, host of Bravo’s “Top Chef.” Mr. Corwin won’t say much about it, except for this: It is a half-hour comedy.
“We can have our cake and eat it, too,” Mr. Zavadil said.
You think you’re better than me?” face when you ask them to replenish the stack of trays.
As for the Palestinians’ claim to have successfully ended violence, the Israeli military begs to differ.
The bride, 24, is a doctoral student in statistics at Harvard University, from which she received a bachelor’s degree magna cum laude.
Boscobel House and Garden, 1601 Route 9D.
Peter King, a former director of NeuTec Pharma, was also charged at the hearing.
Asked if he wanted to see Lidge try to save games in the postseason — where Lidge is the career leader in strikeouts per nine innings (13.4), ahead of notable pitchers like Bob Gibson, Randy Johnson and Nolan Ryan — Higbee seemed tormented.
The real news may be the compelling work of the fast-rising young Latvian conductor Andris Nelsons in his Met debut season.
These days, for instance, Bloomberg is looking for new revenue streams from trading and internal risk-management programs for Wall Street firms, says Thomas F. Secunda, who oversees Bloomberg's financial products.
One of their 17 children, a 10-year-old with Down syndrome, was asleep with his parents when the intruders knocked on their bedroom door.
Each additional Hub handset costs $80.
Some people even suggested at first, as have many anti-Jade sites on the Internet, that she did not really have cancer but was just trying to get publicity.
Two years later, he joined Needham & Company, a small investment bank that focused on technology and health care companies.
¶Georgia Tech’s loss completed a dismal day for the two teams that will meet next week in Tampa, Fla., for the A.C.C.
Citing the bombings on Monday and one on Saturday near Kirkuk, which killed at least 68 people , he said, “There is an organized campaign by terrorist groups aimed at confusing the security situation.” After a bomb exploded near a heavily secured bridge in central Baghdad, a local police commander, who identified himself only as Ali, said that the device used in that attack was sophisticated.
“Really, what it is all about is love.” he told the 1,000 or so worshipers who packed the cozy, burgundy-hued sanctuary with the soaring stained-glass windows.
His former company’s stock, which he was given as part of his annual bonuses, has gone from the high $70s a share to $22, he said.
One, D. S. & Durga perfumers, amounts to David Moltz, a 28-year-old musician who has a lifelong fascination with scent, distilling oils and mixing colognes, and his companion.
Gears is still vilified by his conservative opponents while also facing a simmering rebellion from Mr. Quintanilla and other Hispanic leaders, who say the jail policy has unnecessarily damaged the lives of people who have had no serious run-ins with the law.
“They thought all Asians were Japanese kamikazes.” In November 1963, less than a week before the new restaurant was set to open, someone tossed 10 sticks of dynamite at the base of the low-slung building and stole the lion statues that flanked the front door.
No doubt Kissinger will emphasize all this as he schmoozes his numerous contacts all over the world.
“Our demands are clear — to stop the civilian casualties, the searching of Afghan homes and the arresting Afghans,” Mr. Karzai said of the Americans.
But on the runway his deft mixing of forms, cultures and fashion references was much more intriguing than suggested by his litany of clichés.
That calculation comes from a continuing compilation of federal, state and independent studies by fishery scientists that look at things like the number of fish landed and the current population in the ocean, she said.
I left as soon as the service was over, not quite grasping the appeal.
You can yell at a cop in America.
But it does seem that the American Medical Association’s rush to judgment on their behalf, Dr. Pou’s P.R.
Unlike the packaging, the campaign has drawn praise, particularly for including in its family imagery several photographs of fathers and children hugging.
''Of course, our nation was struck by financial crisis in mid-September, which may have become a new factor in the decline.''
Andrew Brent, a spokesman for the mayor, said, “Other cities get boxes and through our negotiations we made sure New York got no less, but we’ve decided to take the value in cash payments to return it to the community.” The city did not have a suite at the original Yankee Stadium.
BY THE PEOPLE The Election of Barack Obama HBO, Tuesday night at 9, Eastern and Pacific times; 8, Central time.
“Byron in Love,” the Irish novelist Edna O’Brien’s compact and mischievously complicit biography of the great Romantic poet and enfant terrible , skates over its subject’s literary career to showcase the dissolute behavior Byron’s critics decried as that of a “second Caligula.” Arguably, Caligula was the more moderate soul.
Health permitting, she vows to fulfill her three-year contract, no matter if basketball in her 30s ultimately lowers her career stats.
Lower energy costs cut prices for a range of products, including fertilizers, rubber and steel.
But the remnants of last week’s storm that brought a foot or more of snow to the Middle Atlantic States could still prove problematic in places into the weekend.
Asked on Wednesday why he decided to pursue a job in the public sector, Mr. Rhea started his answer with a joke.
“There’s so many great players out there — Prince Fielder, Ryan Braun, Chase Utley,” Pujols said on a conference call.
said Dungy, who advocates putting Young in.
He was loved and respected by all who knew him.
Voters approved the proposal , much to the consternation of anti-Chávez forces, and many of them attended Venezuela’s W.B.C.
A reasonable person may infer that Mr. Hevesi either knew about these shenanigans or was out of touch to the point of dereliction.
(AP) INJURY UPDATES Tampa Bay safety Jermaine Phillips will miss the rest of the season with a broken left thumb sustained during Sunday's 33-20 loss to Buffalo.
“The curved shape makes it easy to reach spokes, rims and guard plates.” 4.
fish stew enriched and thickened with aioli, a garlic mayonnaise.
“No ‘Buy me out, I’ve got you for $30 million.’ Nothing.
Some want to wean street gangs off lawlessness through rugby, or fight crime in Rio de Janeiro through boxing, or use soccer to educate kids on the dangers of land mines in Sarajevo.
They will need all the support we can give them, now more than ever.
Leaving to read a novel isn't really something one does unless one wants to be rolled into a yoga mat and peacefully beaten into oblivion by the warm and loving energy of one's fellow practitioners.
The National Association of Realtors reported that the inventory of unsold houses, townhouses and condominiums rose to 3.97 million in April, the highest level since November.
The package of Cubs assets — the team, the historic ballpark and a 25 percent stake in the Comcast SportsNet Chicago regional sports network — have been for sale since April 2007, shortly after the real estate magnate Sam Zell’s $8.2-billion acquisition of Tribune.
And this year’s team became the first to win all of its games by double digits.
On this same spot, every night for all those years, I’d sat and waited for his call.
The official death toll in Vietnam was placed at 41, but officials said that number was expected to rise as more reports came in and as the floodwaters threatened further destruction.
Several hundred patients developed flu-like symptoms like fever, sore throat and headaches that led to neurological problems, including severe memory loss and inability to understand conversation.
“What I’ve always told him is that the trouble with him is, instead of wrapping things up in nice pink paper with a bow and putting some flowers for people, he sticks something in a cardboard box and says, ‘Take it or leave it,”’ he said, “So he upsets people not because of what he wants to do but the way he says it.” Their approach, temperament and upbringing could hardly be more different.
“I want to save our native soil from the Taliban,” Mullah Salam said at the time.
Parks received a gift from her husband, but not a proposal, she said.
“Congratulations,” it blares, “100 percent of IvyWise students were admitted to one of their top three choices in 2009!” Fewer than one of every five admissions consultants can claim to be an association member.
“There are movements to almost all the songs,” said Ms. Berkner, 40, above, who started some 17 years ago in indie rock bands (her own was Red Onion) and has since become one of the hottest American children’s entertainers.
“It is unacceptable to ask U.S. workers to subsidize the exportation of their own jobs,” said Representative Dennis Kucinich , Democrat of Ohio, whose district includes Cleveland .
“To the extent that they can continue to cut jobs, companies may do O.K.
Billy knew how things worked in Tampa, and he was able to tell the New York side, ‘Hey, listen, I’ve worked down there, I’ve got a better understanding of it.’ The communication between departments has really helped Cash.” Every winter in Tampa, for three or four days, Eppler gathers the staff for free-form meetings on players and philosophies.
This approach avoids the powerful siren call of protectionism yet acknowledges that there are real lives and jobs at stake in a process that can be difficult and disconcerting.
I would say to my wife, ‘When the tough calls come, I would do the right thing.
The combined company represented 19,000 titles in 2008, nearly six times more than Random House , the world’s largest publisher of consumer books, released last year.
And for her, the statistics don’t mean that much.
The English — dour and methodical Pilgrims and Puritans, swaggering Virginia planters — long hogged our history books.
The states’ changes — or the mere threat of them — are the latest of several ugly financial developments that have shaken individuals of all ages who thought they were playing by the rules.
For the men and women assembled in “Aftermath,” the smart and sobering documentary drama that opened on Tuesday night at the New York Theater Workshop , these flimsy objects have more than sentimental value.
Mr. Hsu’s lawyer, Alan Seidler, said his client would appeal.
I was hoping to solve the problems of the Uighurs,” she said.
Stop me if you’ve heard this one: A guy walks into a meaningless universe.
So there’s no point in reading them.” Most of the original cast is moving with the production to New York.
I feel like everything is right on schedule now, the leg feels stronger than it ever has — actually, both legs.” There has been speculation that Woods could return as soon as Feb. 25 at the World Golf Championship-Accenture Match Play in Tucson.
Instead, he and other world leaders agreed that they would work toward a more modest interim agreement with a promise to renew work toward a binding treaty next year.
There were six seasons with at least 20 wins, seven berths in the N.C.A.A.’s and a 231-158 record over the next 13 years, but a falling out with an influential group of Chicago-area high school coaches gradually deprived DePaul of the Mark Aguirre-caliber local talent responsible for its best teams.
You don’t want to be off in some second bucket.” But some state officials are skeptical.
Some officials have recommended easing control over sugar, but politicians are reluctant to do anything that might be seen as driving up food prices .
And what about picking up half-price tickets for the revered London theater at the TKTS booth at Leicester Square or buying standing room, less than £10 (about $15 at $1.49 to the pound), at Shakespeare’s Globe.
As punishment, the guard had another inmate attack him with a broomstick, the suit said, and Mr. Caballero was beaten in the face, and left with a broken nose and blurred vision.
If Thomas is considered toxic in N.B.A.
In Judge Huvelle’s July 16 hearing, Department of Justice lawyers said the government would no longer rely on those statements to justify Mr. Jawad’s detention.
At Mr. Soares’ insistence, Mr. Hevesi pleaded guilty to a felony.
And here, Blake finally looks healthy.
“It was important for them to feel that the community was still there and that we were there to help them,” he said.
Foreign governments appeared more alarmed.
The New York Times Company hopes to sell a newspaper in central Massachusetts along with The Boston Globe and wants the buyer of the papers to take on $59 million in pension liabilities.
Eugene O’Neill Theater, 230 West 49th Street, (212) 239-6200.
The $72 million in federal money, therefore, could generate up to $576 million in loans — a powerful leveraging effect that was the goal of the TARP program.
On Monday, the Supreme Court will hear appeals from two such juvenile offenders: Joe Sullivan, who raped a woman when he was 13, and Terrance Graham, who committed armed burglary at 16.
I’m a big yoga nut — it’s a great practice to lay back and de-stress.
Yes,” said Daniel H. Black, a partner at Greenberg Traurig, the large entertainment law firm.
Mr. Yushchenko, an emphatically pro-Western leader who has championed NATO membership, is not expected to win a presidential election in January.
“My goal isn’t to be thin,” she wrote in O.
The flood of liquidity into the economy had translated into unnerving inflation as sellers constantly anticipated higher prices, while labor demand remained soft as buyers resisted buying, especially durable goods.
Ms. Marshall has long been known for her tightly constructed, elegant works, in which her dancers often perform deliberately pedestrian movement while delineating the fraught intimacies of human relationships.
Others, including my son Stefan, disagree.
“You have to compliment him on one thing — he has a lot of nerve.” That point, at least, has never been in dispute.
From the start of his mayoral run, Mr. Thompson has tried to summon populist rage over the city’s battered economy, but it has at times felt like a secondary theme in a campaign built around anger over term limits.
Thurgood Marshall, a fierce advocate for racial justice as a lawyer for the N.A.A.C.P., sailed onto the highest bench in the 1960s.
“I’m having trouble finding a job,” he said.
The only reason to secure tax credits is to expand the network as little as possible without cutting into current profits, so that you can make larger profits next year.
Morad Bouchakour and Arno Nollen both contributed street photographs — that is, images of people, presumably New Yorkers, taken on the streets of the city.
It remains unclear if the United States will be able to convince other countries to go along with punishing measures.
American Friends of The Hebrew University and The Hebrew University of Jerusalem mourn the passing of Alex Grass, former Chairman of the Board of Governors of The Hebrew University and an Honorary Vice President of AFHU.
Jeremy Gold, an actuary and economist who testified at Wednesday’s meeting, said he expected that when the new standard was finally issued, it would improve the comparability of pension plans.
And while wedding business started out strong, she has found that brides are cutting back on expensive flowers like peonies.
Some jurisdictions have prosecuted teenagers under statutes aimed at creation and distribution of child pornography, in the process stamping them as registered sex offenders.
Over all, the exhibition is compelling.
In terms of inflation-adjusted value, art traded from 1951 to 2007 appreciated just a little more than 4 percent annually, much less than the Standard & Poor’s 500 average of 8.90 percent over the same period.
On Saturday, Mr. Ban flew by helicopter over the small northeastern strip of land where the rebel Tamil Tigers and tens of thousands of Tamil civilians had been cornered in the last weeks of the war.
He had tried to push through a deal to buy two companies in which he held ownership interests — Maytas Infra and Maytas Properties, which were run by his sons.
When he lived with his ex, Mr. Friedlander, a former caterer who now produces Lucid NYC, a series of parties with intellectual content, paid $1,900 a month for “a conventional one-bedroom in Chelsea.” The break-up gave him plenty of time to think, and he has had a real-estate change of heart.
“He is somebody who has a sense of mission, a sense of confidence, and a record of success at a global company,” said John Casesa, a former auto analyst who is now an industry consultant.
Ms. Zizza said she became aware of the play after Mr. Dennehy asked her to design sound effects for it.
Bergen almost single-handedly carried ventriloquism safely out of Vaudeville as the little theaters went dark in the 30s.
Still, inclusion on the list is a badge of shame, all the more so for the two schools started under Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg : West Bronx Academy for the Future, a sixth- through 12th-grade school inside what was once Theodore Roosevelt High School in the Bronx, and New Explorers High School for Film and Humanities, in the former South Bronx High.
South eventually lost a club trick to go down one.
The conference was organized by the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence , and in choosing Asilomar for the discussions, the group purposefully evoked a landmark event in the history of science.
Unless the administration and the Fed propose policies and procedures to eliminate such conflicts, they are insurmountable.
As the reviewer and author both note, the “noxious virus” of fake cheerfulness that is Ehrenreich’s subject has its amusing side.
Revenue fell 7 percent from a year earlier to $23.6 billion, although it rose 1 percent from the previous quarter.
Mr. McClellan, who voted for Mr. Obama, said that TVs in the White House tended to be tuned to Fox in the Bush years.
But President Obama and his advisers have been reluctant to wade deeply into divisive issues like overturning a ban on openly gay military members or extending benefits to partners of government employees, fearful that such moves could overtake the administration’s broader agenda.
Orders for civilian aircraft plunged 38.5 percent, one month after they shot up 60 percent.
The rugged landscape, in which mist filters through craggy cliffs and wild flowers seem to dance in the mountain meadows, suggests that religion and geography are profoundly intertwined.
He is a son of Sandra Gene Benz Medin of Stevens Point, Wis., and James C. Benz of Waupaca, Wis. and is the stepson of David A. Medin.
“Things will never go back to normal.”
Subsequent investigations revealed falsified bank balances, depository receipts, invoices and even bank letterhead used to bolster the fake accounts.
Impulsively, he follows her — a figure in a white sheath dress, driving a long white convertible — as she drives through a portal of Greek columns on Sunset Boulevard on her way to a mysterious assignation in a mansion in the hills.
Bob's intelligence, humility, kindness, quick wit and sense of humor will be sorely missed by those of us who had the privilege to work with him for nearly fifteen years.
“And we try to have something for everyone, whether you like sexy, sophisticated, bohemian or avant-garde.” 213 Glenmore Road, Paddington; 011-61-2-9331-0999; parlourx.com .
A religiously, politically and personally conservative man, he revealed no unseemly visceral urges, but he did have an interest in politics.
He should have at least eaten dinner first.
There, the couple was joined by the rest of their 95 bridesmaids, who showered them with rose petals after they exchanged their vows.
It works like insurance does in our culture.
The play was conceived as a queer retort (although that adjective had not yet been repurposed) to the pageantry surrounding the country’s bicentennial celebrations in 1976, an attempt to add a flamboyant new figure to the gallery of notables in the traditional American history books.
“The market is hoping for some resolution to the banking crisis,” Mr. Cardillo said.
Except for the few times the bug and boy are cloistered away together making drawings, their time is spent standing around while the adults natter on.
“It diverts attention away from the real issues and it also alienates workers.” Professor Piper, who studies automotive manufacturing, said the biggest labor advantage of Japanese companies at plants in Canada is their ability to easily adjust employment and production levels to meet demand and work rules, flexibility that allows them to quickly assign workers to different tasks.
It was the latest in a list of suspensions handed out by Goodell since he promised to clean up the league.
The governor was not among a collection of top state officials, including Attorney General Andrew M. Cuomo , who attended a brief meeting with Mr. Obama and his political director, Patrick Gaspard, before Mr. Obama’s speech at Hudson Valley Community College in Troy.
Widow of Louis S. Carroll.
It took six months of intelligence work for the police to corner a man suspected of being one of western Mexico ’s top drug bosses.
He remained coy about whether India was willing to give more ground on agricultural trade.
These days, the only thing that matters is proof.
In August, Architectural Digest featured La Concha, a recently renovated midcentury-modern Renaissance in San Juan.
Not that Mr. Hindman is really all that critical of his father, Dick, a jazz pianist: He did, after all, cast him in a cameo role, as the piano player in a restaurant scene.
Mr. Bos will try to persuade Parliament to approve the deal, and reassure taxpayers that ABN will not be an endless money pit.
The truth is, he has given voice to a hawkish critique of the current administration that is important.
It's hard to see how the pricing structure of the voice business can hold up.
“We are outraged, and this is unacceptable,” said Michael Mulgrew, president of the United Federation of Teachers , the city’s teachers’ union.
Gas exploration had soared in recent years after technology advances enabled the exploitation of gas trapped in huge shale beds found around Fort Worth, western Pennsylvania, upstate New York and elsewhere.
Minutes later, still ignored, he fumed, “I am not a military man, but patience has its limits.” Finally he commanded: “The — time — has — come!” And so it had, the defense and prosecution prodded into hasty agreement on the scope of a doctor’s testimony in the Queens assault trial of State Senator Hiram Monserrate .
KAREN BARROW PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY CHRISTOPHER CAPOZZIELO FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)
Happy hour, Tuesday through Friday.
John M. Shapiro, President Jerry W. Levin, Chair of the Board John S. Ruskay, Executive V.P.
This was good and necessary, up to a point.
The same could be said of his filmography.
“The new generation doesn’t want blue-collar jobs,” said Mr. Maramotti, whose company trains young people to be supervisory technicians in its factories.
She studied theater at Howard University and began her career as a stage actress in New York, making her Broadway debut in the 1975 musical “The Wiz.” (Among other roles she was a field mouse.)
“The Little Stranger,” Sarah Waters’s fifth novel, is set in rural Warwickshire, England, in 1947, in a wonderfully evoked atmosphere of postwar anxiety.
Besides, it would give the tales of infidelity some sorely needed variety.
The agreement with France represents an insurance policy while the United States scales back in the region as the conflict in Iraq winds down, analysts said.
It continued in Trinidad, where he went to high school, then took him to college and medical school in Houston and Nashville, then on to Southern California, where he began practicing cardiology.
A military spokesman in Tel Aviv said such weapons were not prohibited under international law if they were used to create smoke-screens or for marking battlefield areas.
“Now is the appropriate time to focus on a transition of leadership, and I look forward to working closely with our board during that process.” The departure of Mr.
A young Burnett who was missing his curveball would have countered, he said, by overthrowing his fastball.
As for Mr. Aykroyd he mostly keeps busy these days consulting for the House of Blues chain of music clubs, which he helped found and later sold to Live Nation; helping to run and promote various liquor enterprises (including Crystal Head Vodka and importing Patrón tequila into Canada); and performing with Jim Belushi as the Blues Brothers for anywhere from $150,000 to $1 million a gig.
Along with the obvious culinary and expense account perks, reviewing restaurants for The Times can mean fawning attention from restaurant staffs and vehement criticism from those with differing views.
Realty L.L.C., a case decided in the New York State Court of Appeals in 2006.
Loren Roberts, Don Pooley and James Mason are tied for second.
The Colts have used this strategy before: in 2005 and 2007, the Colts looked out of sync after resting players, especially on offense, and lost in the first round.
and Dodge have had a lot of years to build this kind of truck, and they haven’t done it,” Casey McGraw, vice president for sales at Global Vehicles, said of the diesel-powered pickup.
The fifth, of mastodon bulk, would yank off the guy’s shirt and pants.
Yes, I have, and that woman giving me the hairy eyeball can just mind her own bagging area, please.
In 1976, post-Watergate sentiments helped Father Cornell, but he won by a smaller margin.
numbers do not always reflect other measurements.
A joint youth orchestra fell apart.
Department stores are facing big challenges as shoppers, worried about job security, tight credit and slumping home prices, keep their focus on basics like food.
The Giants will host five 2008 playoff teams next season: the conference finalists Arizona and Philadelphia, and Atlanta, Carolina and San Diego.
“I’m not going to give up calling,” he said, “but the number of phone calls will be down.”
Shane said he felt that with more information coming to light, including a leaked report by the International Committee of the Red Cross, the words harsh and even harshest no longer sufficed.
Mitch McConnell, the Senate Republican leader, is a BlackBerry fiend, but he does not have Mr. Obama’s address.
would need to find evidence of widespread “community transmission” — meaning beyond travelers, schools and immediate contacts — on two continents.
Whether pulling the plug on air-conditioning on a temporary or long-term basis, those who’ve done it advise patience (along with a window unit to fall back on in dire circumstances or when entertaining).
In 1998, he arranged for a 13-CD boxed set of its music to be produced in Japan.
Fear is not a motivating factor.
''The real question is, Is this administration going to expect us to view this as a closed issue?''
The White House and Congress always knew that only around a quarter of the $787 billion was likely to be pumped into the economy during the program’s first year , and that in some cases there could be a delay of months before the money translated into new jobs.
In his book “True Compass,” to be released posthumously Monday, he writes: “One of the great lessons I’ve learned from a life in politics is that no reform is ever truly complete.
All 270 county police officers have received enhanced confrontation training, as will Westchester’s probations and corrections officers, Mr. Belfiore said.
“God” has gotten more moral over time because even organized religions have been dragged forward, often kicking and screaming, by human reason, which itself has been pushed forward by our discoveries about nature — discoveries that belied obviously false notions about superiority of one race over another or the need to impose divine vengeance to respond to simple, explicable acts of nature.
Ann Hetherwick Pumphrey and Patrick Doyle Cahill were married Saturday at the Lenox Club in Lenox, Mass.
When a girlfriend wondered aloud if it was a hideaway for romantic liaisons, I made him promise he would never spend the night there again.
Around 9 a.m., they took an unknown number of army officers hostage.
But Jets Coach Rex Ryan and Dolphins Coach Tony Sparano botched it last week, when each went for the 2 points very early in his team’s game.
His arrest suddenly made the effort public.
Dodgers’ Kuroda Progresses From Injury Los Angeles Dodgers starter Hiroki Kuroda, who was hit on the head by a line drive two weeks ago, threw 35 pitches in a simulated game without any trouble and could begin a minor league rehabilitation assignment this week.
“Tristan was hit and fell to the ground.
“I should have defended it differently.
Business is not back to where it’s supposed to be, but we’re seeing light at the end of the tunnel.
FORD executives like to talk about the new F-150 having “unsurpassed fuel economy.” Checking out that claim devolves into a game of words and fine print.
They added pleats and swags and little Victorian ruff collars.
“The truth of the matter is that we just dropped the ball,” said Tim Racicot, an assistant United States attorney.
According to figures from the United Nations, 275 Palestinians were killed in the town of Khan Younis at the southern end of the strip on Nov. 3, and 111 died in Rafah, a few miles away on the Egyptian border, during a Nov. 12 operation by Israeli troops.
Since then, banks that received federal money have found themselves in the cross hairs.
On my first day at FLYP, I was introduced to the staff as someone who “has forgotten more about magazines than any of us has ever known.” This comported nicely with my self-image.
Williams’s career prize money is now a record $28.5 million.
For his master’s thesis, Mr. Glinert wanted to make a game that would work equally for the visually impaired and for the seeing, so they could play together.
If Niekro is not ready to join an affiliate by April, Kemp said he could work in extended spring training games, whose results do not count.
“Money goes a lot further here,” she said.
Each scene opened with silence, followed by a jazz recording (John Coltrane, Keith Jarrett, Bobby McFerrin, Chick Corea).
The store manager, unnamed, predicted that she would be using the money to “stock a pushcart” or some other small venture.
Institutional money market funds would be held to a stricter standard.
(The Louvre , the Musée d’Orsay and others offer the same deal, which President Obama took advantage of at the Pompidou .)
Samuel Eto’o put Inter ahead in the 14th minute Sunday after Lazio keeper Fernando Muslera had palmed away a header by the Cameroonian.
Not surprisingly, he is beset by galactic levels of guilt.
Lido Bloemendaal had a festive vibe and tasty food, and a sea-facing counter where I dined and watched the sunset with my feet in the sand.
In London, by contrast, there are plenty of designated spots; in fact, the city encourages the use of two-wheel vehicles by exempting them from the congestion tax that cars entering the city have to pay.
The No Worker Left Behind program normally gives participants one chance at retraining.
When the Madison Square Garden crowd sarcastically cheered Justin Burrell’s basket with less than two minutes remaining in the first half Wednesday, that was not a good sign for St. John’s.
If this long-range test ends up a success, it would presumably make the design far more attractive on the international black market.
And as they struggle to revive their own economies, wealthy countries are likely to be tempted to cut their aid budgets.
These are expensive clothes.” They were also expensive in the late ’90s, when Mr. Galliano was at his most flamboyant.
Mr. Conrad has proposed an initial infusion of $3 billion to $4 billion for the co-op.
Here is where our new survey results are helpful.
Mr. McLendon had armed himself with four guns for his rampage and was a weapons aficionado.
At the news conference, Colonel Bradley said the torture Mr. Mohamed endured in a Moroccan prison ''would make waterboarding seem like child's play.''
Last week “Hair” grossed $822,889, and now has advance ticket sales of more than $5 million.
So, with the irrefutable logic of the starved, I decided that a reasonable alternative would be the cookie plate.
That kick proved to be the fatal blow, the prosecution says.
“Right now, I am still the general partner of this deal,” Mr. Mann said.
Blake would sit, take notes and sketch portraits until the archangel Gabriel showed up and nudged him back home to work.
Some hospital-based helicopter operators, like the Mayo Clinic, say they will argue at the hearings that the Medicare reimbursement schedule be changed so that it better reflects the differing level of medical care that competing operators provide.
Nothing could be more interesting.” Lady Sackville, who distrusted Woolf, clearly understood what “memoir” meant.
and Boise State do not appear to have a shot.
(Smith) ★ GUGGENHEIM MUSEUM: ‘CATHERINE OPIE: AMERICAN PHOTOGRAPHER’ Catherine Opie is many artists in one.
“They just had a different take on things,” he said.
I offered to buy the company, and they turned me down.
“We announced to the world that we’re around.
“It’s fun, but it’s nerdy.” The 16-year-old-Wells, a fast-talking native of Wyomissing, Pa., who has a summer job as a busboy, became the first person to win the tournament twice.
But they have not played a final in any tournament on an outdoor hardcourt since 2006 in Dubai, where Nadal won in three sets.
In 22 pages of legalese, a petition concerning the will of Leona M. Helmsley claims that a surrogate judge used “faulty reasoning” and that Attorney General Andrew M. Cuomo’s office issued “a cursory and incorrect analysis” before the estate’s trustees paid out millions in grants.
In a fashion that suited his frenetic energy, the center Joakim Noah finally put the Bulls ahead for good, poking the ball from Paul Pierce and racing for a dunk with 35.5 seconds remaining in the third overtime.
Long before Thomas Beatie, the female-to-male transsexual, announced his fatherhood on “Oprah,” or before a closet door was opened to public dialogue about transgender people, Mr. Jackson became the literal embodiment of identity in flux.
The offense had no turnovers during practice, which was held in the field house because of rain, and Ryan praised the timing the players had.
Especially at the end he tried to put up a good front, basking in the fame that had been allotted him, though he shyly suggested to Ben that after his death the journals might be published.
King, the governor of the Bank of England, had been correct to keep the loans, worth $104 billion, secret in 2008 because the banking system was close to meltdown.
They better not do this in Queens or Long Island.” The Riese Organization , which owns the stores, recently ended its affiliation with Dunkin’ Donuts, hoping that another franchise would produce better profits .
Jeff Feldman, a prominent lawyer in Anchorage who does defense work, said, “Seemingly overnight, the prosecution has moved from a setting in which it had an unblemished string of victories, knocking off legislator after legislator and lobbyist after lobbyist, to a tough reversal that’s going to be difficult to come back from.” Mr. Stevens, a Republican who was found guilty in October of seven felony counts of failing to disclose gifts and home renovations, had been the highest-profile target of a broad corruption inquiry under way in Alaska since 2004.
Uncertainty as to what the picture might look like after the removal of the varnish inhibited the world’s leading dealers in Dutch masters who attended the auction.
But a high-level department official presented a document a couple of weeks ago allowing only for jail checks, Mr. Arpaio said.
In that case, against the man who is now the state’s key witness, and who says he was tortured to implicate Mr. Bennett, the judge denied bail and said there was “overwhelming evidence” against the man, who was later acquitted by a different judge.
The group’s reputation was also diminished in the mid-1990s when it fired its president for using organization money to settle a sexual harassment claim against him.
In some cases, the companies do everything except deliver the bad news.
It was a piece of genius.''
“The average parent with a high-interest credit -card bill, a mortgage payment that just increased, decreased revenue and bills piling up will pay the school last,” he said.
Finally, Brown-Marmel remembers, “I said to them, ‘Your problem is that you think that all anybody wants to see on your network is, you know, the young kid with the flippy hair and the attitude.’ ” Comedy Central soon started reconsidering its brand.
Alyssa Marie Seace’s husband, Pfc.
“I played for a long time and with a lot of great players,” said Dennis Eckersley, the Hall of Fame closer who was Henderson’s teammate on the Oakland Athletics.
But, Republicans interviewed after the meeting said, Mr. Obama told them he would listen to proposals to expand on provisions cutting taxes for small businesses and would be open to corporate tax cuts as well if Republicans cooperated to close tax loopholes for big business.
I can’t get anyone else to cast more than a fast uninterested glance in their direction, but I know the truth.
But Mr. Vashishta thinks that he may now have a fail-safe solution.
A memorial service will be held at the Anglers Club in Key Largo this fall (date to be determined later).
“It is addictive,” she said.
But, he said, “It’s likely to increase as homelessness increases in this country due to the economy.” The latest research from the Department of Housing and Urban Development shows that individuals (versus families) make up roughly 70 percent of America’s homeless population.
“We want to dry out their resources for the military,” said a senior Western diplomat, speaking anonymously because of the sensitivity of the negotiations.
PHOTO: CONCEPT: The BMW Vision EfficientDynamics.
BNP is also taking a 25 percent stake in Fortis Insurance for about 1.4 billion euros in cash.
Whether presiding over a benefit gala at the Whitney Museum of American Art, where she is a benefactor, or being photographed for the tabloids with a haggard Lindsay Lohan or being honored at a celebrity lunch given for her by Tina Brown, Ms. Versace maintained her signature aura of high-maintenance glamour.
They're a great bunch, and getting together with good people is reassuring.
But he acknowledged a human dimension to the question.
Ads are coming in; some party sponsors pay for a GofG photographer.
The camera follows the life of the Duchess of Rutland, who lives in a castle, rears five children and must work hard to run the estate.
“The city has rolled out the red carpet for them,” Mr.
Three stories of desire feature several lusty adolescent boys, an aged but eager rancher and Harrison’s best-known character, Brown Dog.
And Ms. Hamilton’s shadowy fast-moving projections were shown not only on the back wall of the stage but on the theater’s walls as well, surrounding the audience.
The two returned Friday after representing the Dominican Republic in the World Baseball Classic.
David Cantor, the chancellor’s press secretary, said that schools previously had grappled with supply and demand in an ad-hoc way, and that the Bloomberg administration’s approach was fairer.
He said he did not inform either program of his decision before announcing it.
I want to maintain my independence without making her feel left out.
Fourteen years ago, Hillary Rodham Clinton stood next to her husband in this weary, strife-torn city as a crowd of 70,000 gathered to watch President Bill Clinton light a Christmas tree.
Since taking office in 2007, and since landfill managers flew him and other officials to the site of the ash spill in Roane County, Tenn., on a private plane, Mr. Cureton, now the chairman of the commission, has adjusted his thinking.
“We just don’t need it.” Despite the fury the development has stirred up, no one — neither the opponents nor the supporters — knows what the likely racial makeup of the tenants would be, and it is possible that few black families would apply to live in the parish.
Kera’s mother, who had just finished her shift as a nurse, hadn’t had time to change out of her blue scrubs.
“This appears to be a virus which is moving from person to person.” The outbreak has been dubbed swine flu — now officially called influenza A (H1N1) — because scientists believe it started in pigs, but they do not know if that was recently or years ago.
But he closed the club some months ago, and sold the contents.
In thousands of pages, it challenged the legality of some interrogation methods, found that interrogators were exceeding the rules imposed by the Justice Department and questioned the effectiveness of the entire program.
In the statement, Mr. Karroubi said the documentation included information on four abuse cases, including photographic evidence of bruises caused by rape, telephone numbers of those who had been abused and their relatives, and detailed accounts from the victims on video.
(Ages 2 to 5) An eye-catching valentine to children every­where who love to get reassurance on the basics (even if they don’t always admit it): “Would you leave me?
Richardson recruited Anderson to Tulsa out of Jefferson State Community College.
In later digs — the most recent in the fall of 2008 — Italian archaeologists managed to recover material from the prince’s tomb and other parts of the necropolis.
“Jumeirah Essex House management is working closely with the police on this,” Ms. Glover added.
The great Italian democrat Giuseppe Mazzini, whom Metternich called the most dangerous man in Europe, believed that “ideas ripen quickly when nourished by the blood of martyrs.” The insurrections were astonishingly widespread, with different local grievances detonating in sequence across the continent — a virtual European Union of rebellion.
Once the new bridges and tunnel are completed, New Jersey Transit will be able to add more trains on the Morris and Essex, North Jersey Coast and Raritan Valley lines.
LEDER--George (Josh), born in Brooklyn, NY.
; and, with glow sticks strung around his neck, takes in rave parties.
Most of the year they also do exhausting, hamstring-burning runs up and down the steep 16-foot levee that contains the Mississippi.
AIDS patients have appealed to President Traian Basescu to restore their medications, the newspaper Romania Libera reported.
“The reason for the massive corruption in Iraq is the belief by the corrupt that they are shielded from prosecution by the protection afforded to them by their political parties and sects,” said Rahim al-Okaili, the commissioner of the anticorruption group, the Commission on Public Integrity.
On a recent weeknight, the crowd was more creative-professional than socially aspiring, though every bit as attractive as you might expect.
This was one of the first times the American media uncovered a sex scandal, and it ruined Mr. Hart’s candidacy.
It was the first run batted in of a career that began in 1995.
It would be interesting to read what is now in place that wasn’t in place then to assure this will not happen.
This is real.” The potential of customized ads worries some privacy advocates, despite the assurance of cable companies that they maintain anonymity about the households.
Recognizing that escapism might help counter the economic news of the day, this popular festival, set on the beautiful grounds of Boscobel on a bluff above the Hudson River, has called its summer program the Eco-Comic Stimulus Season.
He used connections to get him tryouts.
He declined to discuss the terms of the release.
“There’s a legitimacy about having this particular movie star return to the stage, because people here knew that he was a theater actor who at some point became a movie star.” And though one of their favorite sports is sneering at the ill-judged theatrical efforts of Hollywood celebrities, London’s snippy theater critics mostly admired and occasionally even swooned over Mr. Law’s Hamlet, praising the performance’s intelligence and fluent physicality.
You will be honored for being who you are.
It felt like menstrual cramps , but in a different place.
It was exhausting because it was revving so much and making so much noise.
In his lawsuit, Mr. Drezin asks for Mr. Mariel’s resignation and financial compensation of at least $35,000 a year, which is what he says the Yankees had agreed to give the board to cover the cost of his services.
Representative Norm Dicks, Democrat of Washington and the chairman of a House appropriations subcommittee that oversees parks service financing, blamed the Bush administration for not providing enough financing for the service.
Directed by Kevin Macdonald; written by Matthew Michael Carnahan, Tony Gilroy and Billy Ray, based on the BBC television series created by Paul Abbott; director of photography, Rodrigo Prieto; edited by Justine Wright; music by Alex Heffes; production designer, Mark Friedberg; produced by Andrew Hauptman, Eric Fellner and Tim Bevan; released by Universal Pictures.
And so I reinforced the fact that it’s all about you.
6 with 50,000, and the Long Island band Taking Back Sunday opens at No.
Even AdWords and AdSense, the phenomenally efficient economic engines behind Google’s meteoric success, are essentially borrowed inventions: Google acquired AdSense by purchasing Applied Semantics in 2003; and AdWords, though developed by Google, is used under license from its inventors, Overture.
The radiation oncologist whom regulators accuse of mishandling scores of radioactive seed implants at the Philadelphia veterans’ hospital told a Congressional panel on Monday that while he “could have done better” with some implants, his patients over all received effective treatment for their prostate cancer .
Gabriel M. Scheinmann Arlington, Va., March 16, 2009
Longoria scored after Parnell was replaced to push the lead to three runs.
TutorVista, the Internet tutoring company, provides online math, English and science tutors for students from kindergarten through 12th grade.
Others insisted that Nike made him do it.
After the fighting broke out between the United States and the Taliban in late 2001, Mr. Mohamed fled Afghanistan.
Jose Escobedo was shot five times in the head and groin.
The involvement of parents, teachers, volunteers and organizations focused on this specific task can, and should, be emphasized and developed during the years it will take to achieve Mr. Levy’s other objectives.
The oldest son of Anne Jones Connellan and Thomas J. Connellan, he is survived by his sisters, Sr. Anne M. Connellan, S.C. , Helene O'Neil, Angela Murphy, Mary Dougherty and Elizabeth McGahren; 21 nieces and nephews; and 44 grandnieces and grandnephews.
Health care is a scarce resource, and all scarce resources are rationed in one way or another.
The remnants of 100 rooms remain, including a space that archaeologists identified as a ball court, similar to those found in pre-Columbian cultures.
Trimble has a list of compatible devices on its Web site ( trimbleoutdoors.com/supportedphones ).
Working with teams of electricians, plumbers and carpenters, Mr. Vilardi said he hoped to complete all six houses within 60 to 90 days.
Highlights of Cortland Avenue include Good Life Grocery, which stocks sourdough bread, cheese, chocolate, fruit, wine and other picnic supplies; Moonlight Cafe and Crepe House for a hearty brunch; and the sunny Red Hill Books for an upbeat selection of new and used titles.
The World Bank has forecast that the Malaysian gross domestic product would grow 4.1 percent next year after contracting 2.3 percent this year.
A group of researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology edged out about 4,300 other teams on Saturday in a Pentagon-sponsored contest to correctly identify the location of 10 red balloons distributed around the United States.
“If they have one for Bea Arthur in New York, I would go,” she said, referring to the actress who died in April at age 86.
(The pamphlet also emphasized that this new army would be “prevented totally from using weapons.”) “It is actually a revolution carried out without violence,” said Ghufran al-Saedi, a member of Parliament representing Mr. Sadr’s party.
Many top executives have cars and drivers.
Giants (29) Even before they sent Plaxico Burress packing, the Giants needed a receiver.
Even the skeptics among them left impressed: calm, it seemed, had returned to Russia’s crucible of violence.
After languishing over a slow winter, it went into contract at the end of May.
The reasons are fairly simple.
Mr. Master suggested a third alternative.
“I got married one time and that honeymoon didn’t last long either.” Gillispie said.
But the fact that it is sped up makes it infinitely more watchable and to some degree more interesting.
Darling heard Jeter shouting, “Hey, hey!” and said excitedly, “He’s yelling that Jimmy Rollins is trying to time Rivera,” a point that McCarver also made.
In one of the book’s most disturbing scenes, right after rescuing a drugged Krista from a boy who wanted to rape her by the train tracks, Aaron sexually assaults her.
No, except that I’ve made loans through the system.
At the Anthology Film Archives, 32 Second Avenue, at Second Street, East Village.
Deputies discovered a 47,000-square-foot marijuana garden behind rows of corn stalks.
Yolanda Garcia has worked as a butcher under the arches of Valencia’s soaring Art Nouveau central market for a decade, but she’s troubled that a drop in the price of chicken, to 5.99 euros a kilo, from 6.99, has not attracted more customers to her stall.
The bride is a stepdaughter of Dr. Lisa M. Toepp and of Albert B. Harper.
In recent years, the George W. Bush administration quietly abandoned enforcement of the import ban.
filed for bankruptcy on June 1, intending to emerge in 60 to 90 days by selling its most desirable assets into a new company, financed by billions of taxpayer dollars.
TheaterWorks Hartford, 233 Pearl Street.
With Ms. Sawyer set to move to “World News” as Charles Gibson ’s replacement in January, “Good Morning America” — the major moneymaker for Mr. Westin’s news division — will suddenly be without its rudder.
Putting tolls on the bridges is a key part of the plan backed by Gov.
Safina advanced by putting an end — barely — to the sentimental run of the Australian wild card Jelena Dokic on Tuesday night by winning 6-4, 4-6, 6-4.
Mr. Feinbloom said he believed it was unlikely that immigration officials would try to have Ms. Robinson, who lives in Mahwah, N.J., deported before the case was resolved in court.
“Many people ask, ‘Where is the news?”’ he said.
“They say, ‘Oh, my God, Greenland?’ It’s like they’ve never heard of it,” said Ms. Johnsen, 36, who was born in Iceland but has lived on this huge, largely frozen northern island for 25 years.
''I write from this private place and someone else is doing it.''
The political education of Beth McCabe began a few years ago, when she took her turn at the microphone here during a Senate committee hearing on childhood sexual abuse.
ELAINE SLOAN New York I want to thank Jonathan Safran Foer for recognizing — as many vegetarians do not — that ethically, even lovingly treated meat does exist.
Ms. Swanson asked whether the girl could turn to other adults.
When asked, he will provide simple instructions for boiling the bacon with the cabbage (along with a wee bit of his signature humor).
His father committed suicide four years later.
“As a school, we’ve done a lot of work with human rights,” said Michael McDermott, the middle school principal.
“Tennessee” is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian).
The BBC has announced its new Dr. Who: the 26-year-old actor Matt Smith will take over the role of the time traveler in the long-running television series of the same name.
She cut through the orchestra equally well with chilling top notes or floating pianissimos.
“It’s gotten buyers off the fence,” says Suzi Boyle, a mortgage originator at Evergreen Home Loans in downtown Boise.
It’s relentless.” Not only is Bryant motivated by the desire to win a fourth championship, but he is also battling the public perception of a changing of the N.B.A.
“I think we convincingly proved this guilt, but the court obviously did not agree with us.” During the trial, Mr. Orlov accused Mr. Kadyrov of “unconditional political guilt” in the killing of Ms. Estemirova and of creating an atmosphere in which Chechen officials could torture, kidnap and murder with impunity.
After hosting the Obamas for coffee at the White House and attending the ceremony at the Capitol, Mr. Bush hugged Mr. Obama, then left through the Rotunda to head back to Texas .
The pain was spread among institutions large and small, private and public.
Until there is a clear way to purge them, the industry, and the broader economy, are likely to languish.
Dr. Palinkas, of the University of Illinois, by contrast, said he had an annual flu-shot program so well financed that he not only offered dining-hall vaccinations , but also had students cajoling others in food lines to get a shot; up to 12,000 of the 41,000 students do each year.
“It’s an example of how fiscal difficulties are affecting neighborhoods.” The environmental plan, called PlaNYC , was announced with great fanfare in 2007 and included converting schoolyards into public places on weekends and after classes with the goal of ensuring that every New Yorker would live within a 10-minute walk of a playground or park .
Toward the end, he briefly mentions the Wimbledon final of 1980 between Bjorn Borg and John McEnroe but dismisses it as not matching the “qualitative excellence” of this one (and certainly that’s true of this year’s Wimbledon final, between Federer and Andy Roddick, which Federer won, also in five sets).
This is hardly the first time that outrage over welfare payments stretched the facts.
In a wonderful irony, the banks and investment banks that were themselves drowning in debt were fearful of allowing their hedge fund clients to carry too much debt.
But that does not mean precocious talents are allowed to develop in peace.
The 50th state turns 50 on Friday, and the strange thing is how wildly and jubilantly the islands aren’t celebrating.
Along his route, he passed a metal fence with a spiky top.
The other restaurant in the tower, Altitude 95, is closed until March for renovations.
Scandinavians don’t cry, and don’t paint the town red, right?
At a hearing in October, Google and its partners at the Authors Guild and the Association of American Publishers outlined an aggressive timeline for modifying the agreement to satisfy the objections of the Justice Department and other critics.
Councilwoman Jan Perry, who is the city’s acting mayor while Antonio R. Villaraigosa is on vacation this week, said she believed the city was ready for the event, though she had not received any responses to her pleas for private donors to offset the city’s costs, which she said were expected to include overtime for the police, transportation and sanitation departments.
Anyone who fails to recognize it as a brilliant, multilayered tale of the encounter between decadent Europe and crassly overripe America risks being seen as a philistine or a prude.
Diners enter through the bar and are led to an adjoining dining room with salmon-pink walls.
Sinan Ulgen, chairman of the Center for Economic and Foreign Policy Studies, an Istanbul-based research group, said that the European Commission appeared to be putting a positive gloss on the talks to try to keep the process alive.
Boston, Stricker finished the job with a flourish.
After firing at least two shots, Mr. Hamilton laid down his weapon, walked into the hallway and calmly sat on a chair until the police arrived to arrest him.
An updated version of “Diamonds Are a Girl’s Best Friend” zigzagged back and forth between a traditional show-tune arrangement and a cabaret rap version.
NEW YORK GOVERNMENT OFFICES Closed.
Around a third of all wild fish caught are “reduced” into fish meal and fish oil.
But I hate drugs in racing.
” “If you work together for that long, there are no preambles.
It wasn't until Franklin D. Roosevelt and his New Deal that blacks swerved to the Democrats.
So I was truly startled when you said, “Ahoy!” to me.
Mr. Markoff, a second-year student at Boston University medical school, was arraigned in Boston Municipal Court on Tuesday afternoon.
That would be a mistake.
“Luck, as James Agee said in an essay, is very important in this kind of stuff.”
A slew of jewelry companies have created landmark pieces inspired by everything from taxis to the Statue of Liberty.
The weather is hot, the barbecue amazing, and the person standing next to you might be a recent college graduate or the chief executive of a startup like Foursquare — or both.
“A couple more I should be — hopefully I’ll be all right.” INSIDE PITCH Duaner Sánchez, released Tuesday by the Mets, signed a minor league contract with San Diego.
But Mr. Obama is under growing pressure to choose between wooing a small band of Republicans or struggling to rally his party to use its big majorities in Congress to get the job done.
But Redmond noted that the Twins had played their “best baseball of the season” in the last two weeks, and that has given them hopes of reaching the postseason.
And the Tar Heels, much as they have been all season, are also the favorites among the coaching community.
Student concerts are $10; faculty concerts are $30.
I don’t exactly buy this part of her argument, but the book doesn’t suffer much for the overreaching.
Banks should look also at regional currencies, like the ruble, he said.
But others, he said, including a popular school-based antidrug program known as DARE , have not worked.
Pending legislation would help some of them by preventing rejections or high charges based on health status and by setting minimum benefit requirements.
Father, grandfather, great - grand father and much-loved uncle to numerous nieces and nephews.
Shea was a dump the day it was built .
A big change is that childless adults under age 65 who are now typically excluded from Medicaid will be eligible.
“I think Gar can be a personality on a network,” said Ricatto, who is negotiating with a handful of teams about pregame shows and appearances.
Frances Fragos Townsend , who was assistant to President Bush for homeland security and counterterrorism, noted that the Department of Health and Human Services had devised a detailed plan for responding to the threat of pandemic flu in 2005 and 2006.
(Where, an incredulous Paul marvels, there are no parking spaces.)
It not only connects to your bank, showing you how much money is in your account (adjusted for pending expenses), but also lets you enter your cash purchases.
The Ravens are an interesting monadnock, but injuries will erode them back into the plains.
However, cleverly playing for time invites at least one big risk.
Siouxsie and the Banshees, X-Ray Spex.” I started to look over her shoulder for a six-foot rabbit but opted instead to ask if she would name three people who best encapsulate her personal style, right now.
There aren’t many commentators who come from an independent perspective.
He handed off the chief executive job to his longtime partner, Steven A. Ballmer, in 2000, and last year left day-to-day responsibilities at Microsoft to become a philanthropist full time.
China’s breakneck economic development has left much of its soil, air and waterways dangerously polluted , and environmental showdowns with outraged residents are growing more frequent.
Conservatives are moved, as well, by their empathy for the Frank Riccis of the world.
The charismatic Mr. Rajoelina, a former entertainment impresario, goes by the nickname TGV, which is meant to call to mind the energy of France’s high-speed train.
Now that claim is clear to any reasonable person.
“It makes a parent proud to see a child learn to read at age 4, but in terms of what’s really best for the kid, it makes no difference.” For at-risk kids, pushing too soon may backfire.
Major Hasan then turned his back on her and began to shove another magazine into his pistol.
That’s the question that’s stirring chatter in Chicago, where a production recently offered to refund the full cost of a ticket to any unsatisfied patron.
So are calls for Mexicans to huddle in their homes.
On Tuesday, Russia’s Foreign Ministry announced that Russian troops stationed in South Ossetia were on heightened alert.
His service spanned over sixty years and included positions as the Senior Minister of Metropolitan Church in London, Ontario, Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church in New York, and ultimately, The City Church, New York, an independent, inter-denominational organization founded in 1993.
She first worked on a Yale University project and then accepted a position at Bank Street College, where she stayed for 25 years becoming a Senior Research Associate and publishing a number of papers.
The class of the Ivy League is now Cornell, which has won the last two league titles and is favored to win again this season.
His explanation of how the warheads will work has the feel of real science, simultaneously fascinating and mind-numbing.
For example, many Democrats, starting with the president, have pointed with approval to the sort of realism exemplified by Mr. Scowcroft, who has long argued that foreign policy should emphasize national interests and play down issues like democracy or human rights.
(MyHouse, a new 700-person club designed like the interior of a Hollywood Hills mansion, is selling out four nights a week.
The improvement ''is because the inventories of our clients have been depleted,'' he said, adding that ''with the recent rise in raw material prices, some customers also started putting in more orders because they were afraid prices would rise.''
She decided against a mammogram to learn the nature of a lump in her one remaining breast, understanding that she would not survive treatment.
DRAWING (DRAWING BY EDWARD KINSELLA III)
Still, he said that a growing share of Sprint’s customers would be on prepaid plans.
DEIN--Gittie P. My dear sis, loved and remembered each and everyday.
But so far, the City of San Diego is not budging.
“That’s the mark of a good politician and a fine public servant,” he said.
The sickest 10 percent of Medicare enrollees consume about two-thirds of its budget.
What about the senior officials, including President Bush, who approved the use of waterboarding and other such tactics?
Councilman Peter F. Vallone Jr. of Queens said the public should be told if those who die after contracting the virus have pre-existing illnesses.
A great feeling.” He made Italy’s roster for this month’s Confederations Cup , a kind of dry run for next year’s World Cup to be played here in South Africa.
(A spokesman for the Department of Education said that advice was correct — even if a zoned school does not have space, families should go there to register and receive further instructions.)
To go with the brews, Beer Table serves charcuterie, cheese and simple cooked dishes.
Too much partying and not enough service, she said.
So everyone, especially this administration, needs to be careful before pushing that button.” Bobby Pittman Jr., who was President George W. Bush’s senior adviser on Africa, said that finding pirates on the open seas would be akin to hunting for “a needle in the haystack,” and attacking camps on the ground would lead to civilian casualties.
His aides insist that he is no less influential than other House committee chairmen under the centralized leadership style of Ms. Pelosi.
John Liu has represented his constituents intelligently and with great eloquence, but too much of his strength is at the microphone.
Adding crucial space for 20th- and 21st-century art and design, it was remarkably close to perfect, but had two telling flaws.
But he has the great adventurous spirit.” Wilson, who is divorced and has no children, has an egghead résumé: he was a math major at Harvard and earned graduate degrees from Harvard Business School and M.I.T., and he has been a math teacher, an analyst for the Defense Department and an investor.
My escort in Miami told me to avoid bantering with the hirsute men smoking elephantine cigars by the side of the pool.
He has turned down a scholarship to the University of New Hampshire to play in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.
He is survived by his brothers Marvin and William.
That was two strokes ahead of Dustin Johnson, D. A.
The director marshaling all these clichés and stereotypes is Anne Fletcher , whose last gig was the similarly obnoxious “27 Dresses.” Working from a script by Peter Chiarelli, Ms. Fletcher betrays no originality from behind the camera and not a hint of visual facility.
Now, as the first stimulus projects get under way, they are getting a half-dozen bids for each job — and many are coming in at 25 percent below their estimates.
Chairs at Oxford and Cambridge rank their holders at the top of the academic hierarchy, and Ms. Padel’s predecessors have included literary giants like W. H. Auden and Robert Graves.
“I think it’s a start, but I don’t know if it goes far enough,” Ms. Christie said.
Even with that limit, major destruction, including the disappearance of most of the world’s coral reefs, is likely.
Intending to kill that man’s son, they mistakenly shot Waheed, Hashmat Karzai said.
Senator Frank R. Lautenberg, the New Jersey Democrat who was chairman of the hearing by a Senate Commerce Committee subcommittee on aviation, suggested an interim solution: installing new radar on the George Washington Bridge, looking down the river, so Federal Aviation Administration controllers could see all the traffic and take responsibility for separating it.
Djokovic and Baghdatis did not play their first point until 11:13 p.m. “You have this unique excitement when you play the night matches; it’s really fun,” Djokovic said at his news conference, which took place at nearly 3 a.m. “You know you make the history by going into the 2 o’clock, 3 o’clock, 4 o’clock in the morning.
“They had, in almost total spontaneity, created a scene of discontent that was so powerful that words would always fail it.” Again and again, they “tried to explain their symbols of protest, their furious pose, but the words piled up uselessly against the image they’d created.” For years to come, both Carlos and Smith would pay mightily for their galvanizing gesture.
Shirley Levy, managing director of Jazz Hostels, which runs six locations in New York, said management was “making plans to implement” the city’s directives, and, “We anticipate reopening our doors shortly.”
We luxuriated in the 48,000 square feet, or 4,460 square meters, of the new Williams factory in Didcot, England, south of Oxford — a new facility that included a special Honda engine test area and a one-third scale wind tunnel that had originated at a company in northeastern England, Specialized Mouldings.
1407; 416-465-1200) has a dazzling assortment of Indian-designed gold pieces.
The two stucco houses are painted a gray-green shade designed to blend in with the foliage, which includes banana trees, cactus plants, herbs and vegetables, apple and peach trees and some dusty-looking palms.
Intel, A.M.D.’s archrival, seems especially annoyed by all this muckraking.
They are a group as diverse as Bay Ridge itself, a place once dominated by Italians, Irish and Greeks that is now increasingly populated by immigrants from China and the Middle East.
After introducing the iTunes store in 2003, he persuaded entertainment companies to sell digital versions of their products when they were largely bivouacked, hiding in fear of piracy.
No House Republican voted for the bill, and 28 Democrats, chiefly centrists and abortion opponents, also opposed it.
She said most violators were not chronic scofflaws — people who have received three or more parking tickets over the past 18 months — “but people who have not paid a ticket or have an unregistered vehicle, and the way we see it, half is better than none.” Ms. Bonner added that since announcing the amnesty program, she had received calls from other municipalities “asking us how we’re doing this.” Hempstead began a two-week parking ticket amnesty program in January to allow more unpaid fines to be collected; it continues after being extended.
The strides of these footsteps suggest that the individuals were an average of 5 feet, 7 inches tall; one, presumably a child, was 3 feet tall.
“Kate met her deadlines in applying for college, and now this is mine.” But after about an hour in the computer room, Ms. Logan realized that she did not have all the necessary information, so she and her daughter left without submitting the form.
“Now I guess I’d call it an old physiologists’ tale.
“It’s much faster,” said Christian Kast, an advanced flight manager and UPS captain.
It wasn’t just the Minutemen songs — the band played five of them — but that older band’s whole attitude toward performing: going way too fast but finding its soul in the scrimmage and hustle.
Abortions in Berega come in seasonal waves — March and April, August and September — in sync with planting and harvests, when a lot of socializing goes on, Dr. Mdoe said.
They have to see the sun come up and still be talking about it.”
Above the magma is a layer of granite-like rock called felsite, which transmits heat to a thick layer of sandstone-like material called graywacke, riddled with fractures and filled with steam.
That is why Netanyahu’s new interpretation of the two-state solution is of historical importance.
“You have to be a bit brave to do that, but it can be worthwhile.
Obama, as is his wont, accepted Wilson’s apology and decided not to ascribe racist motives — saying that the role of government was what divided left from right in America.
All four of those charged were freed on bail, he said.
That deep-frequency doom-metal drone is the unfathomable drag of eternity: the Creator’s cello sawing away for a billion more choruses than you’ll ever get to hear.
The next year, she issued an executive order creating a new health policy agency that would centralize purchasing and planning in her office.
I have seen bots and hacks destroy other online games, in particular a previous Blizzard product called Diablo II.
“However, if we have a light bulb which has been left turned on continuously, turning it off can be a good signal, too.”
So the vast majority of those expensive, preprinted ballots end up being either thrown away or sent to the recycling bin.
And as in “The Road,” he journeys toward the sea to discover his fate.
“We will be moving three steps forward and one step back.
As the last truck — a white Envoy S.U.V.
Then her husband returned, now frail and sick with a disease that turned out to be AIDS.
“We were afraid of fire,” he said.
Replacing machines with human muscle has hurled Younger Brother backward along rock’s timeline, toward the post-psychedelic early 1970s.
(She declined; he was already committed to play in Texas one week after that.)
Their advice was a godsend.
Rugby was “very, very close” to expiring, Eugster said.
And the last week and a half was spent in good practice sessions.” Woods was grouped with two former champions here, Jim Furyk (2006) and David Toms, (2003).
‘Slept’ on train cradled in Steve’s arms on his lap.
After a while I went out for air, and started talking with two men smoking by the back door.
According to the league, the Bears drew only 181,240 fans last season, seventh in the league.
custody are dying as a result of the substandard conditions.” He called the department’s continued silence “egregious.” The Homeland Security secretary, Janet Napolitano, had earlier announced plans for a comprehensive review of the detention system and other messes left by President Bush.
Ms. Carrillo, the mother of the child he acknowledges, now says their sexual relationship began only three years ago when she was 23 — not 16 as her original paternity suit asserted.
Tahoe City’s modest Bridgetender Tavern and Grill has, for instance, moved across the river to a plusher venue, but it still serves burgers and tacos.
To the insistent thrum of “I Hope I Get It,” the filmmakers show us aspirants lined up in the rain for the chance to do two — two!
Ian Hollingworth, Bangpood, Thailand As a Swiss citizen, I voted against this “popular initiative,” which was also opposed by the Swiss Federal Government and by most political parties.
I was a pseudo-expert without any real knowledge.” “Until about a week ago I thought ‘Vesti la giubba’ meant ‘clothe the Jew,’ ” he added, referring to the famous aria in which Canio sings about putting on his clown costume.
If South were not a passed hand, two diamonds would be fourth-suit game-forcing.
Friday night’s two-hour premiere includes a very quick video lecture covering this history, which we watch along with a young math whiz who has been forcibly enlisted into the stargate program.
To do otherwise would be to betray millions of Iranians who have been defrauded and have risked their lives to have their votes count.
I could not accept it, I had to fight.
“At the beginning they’re going to look at you as a commodity,” he barked to a group of 50 aspiring brokers squeezed into plastic seats in a nondescript room overlooking West 36th Street.
Stocks in developed European and Asian markets also fell sharply, though less than their emerging counterparts.
Lawyers for the other defendants tried to separate the acts of their clients from those of Mr. Boyd, who investigators say attended terrorism training camps in Connecticut in the 1980s and others in Pakistan, where he practiced hand-to-hand combat and became skilled with military weapons.
Those carrots, the bankers argue, make the markets work (at least when incentives are properly aligned).
Elizabeth Hunter, a blogger from Arlington, Mass., frequently posts pictures of her 2-year-old daughter on her site.
Wife of the late Robert.
Shoppers visit Milo and enter something they want to buy, like a MacBook or a specific brand of shoes, and enter a location -- an address or a ZIP code.
But until the Brazilian landscape architect Roberto Burle Marx came along to tame and shape his country’s exuberant flora, his countrymen had mostly disdained the natural riches that, often literally, flourished in their own backyards.
As Griffey and Giambi round into home, they and their many fans will have to adjust to their new skill sets.
Some viewers get the creeps or are offended — “I’ve heard just about everything at this point,” she says — but enough have reacted positively that since last August this has been her full-time job.
The Movement for Democratic Change’s decision to stop dealing with ZANU-PF was triggered by the state’s jailing of the party’s treasurer and deputy agriculture minister-designate, Roy Bennett, but was motivated by a broader contention that ZANU-PF has been acting in bad faith.
“This isn’t a good moment for luxuries.” South Carolina’s unemployment rate in February was 11 percent, the second-highest in the nation after Michigan.
In Peekskill on Monday, a homeless man found a homeless friend unresponsive in a brushy area where he lived in a piece of concrete construction material near the railroad tracks.
One of Mr. Takeyh’s great merits is to bring sobriety to emotionally charged subjects.
In amending the law in 1974 to extend protection to domestic employees like maids and cooks, Congress specifically excluded baby sitters and “companions” for the old and infirm.
Already, American health care companies are cutting costs by outsourcing services to India like reading X-rays or scheduling nursing visits.
Fans of the show might consider giving Subway a public service award: its sponsorship dollars are a major reason NBC didn’t cancel the show.
But however bad it seemed on the field, Scioscia was always quick to remind his players that Adenhart’s parents had it worse.
In October 1949 Mr. Tucker and seven associates went on trial on 31 counts of mail fraud, securities violations and conspiracy.
The committee recommended that the museum “should remain what it is and what it has been since its beginnings” and become more integrated into the university’s educational mission.
California lawmakers have been putting together a package of incentives to encourage Toyota to keep the plant open, and they said Thursday that they would continue their fight.
Federal Reserve and Treasury Department officials said Friday they would delay the release of the stress test results until Thursday afternoon, several days later than they had originally expected, in part because some of the banks continued to disagree with the government’s initial conclusions.
Westhampton Beach Performing Arts Center, 76 Main Street.
Unlike the parkland, however, the tidal bay was designated “potential wilderness” — the highest level of protection in a national park — by Congress in 1976.
Finally, there is increasing anxiety in the industry that the administration could use the stress tests of the 19 biggest banks, due to be completed in the next three weeks, to insist on management changes, just as it did with General Motors when officials forced the resignation of its chief executive after examining that company’s books.
MELVILLE Art-trium “Living Space,” group show.
I think we can do this differently.” To those who say the United States must stay in Afghanistan to fight the Taliban, Ms. Lee counters that the United States presence builds support for Muslim extremists as Afghanis turn to them to help fight the occupation.
New York’s wayward state senators finally say they are ready to return to Albany this week and vote in favor of mayoral control of schools in New York City.
She graduated from Cornell and received an M.B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania.
In his laudatory preface to “Queering Elementary Education,” Mr. Jennings wrote, “We must address antigay bigotry and we must do it as soon as students start going to school.” The volume includes an essay titled “Why Discuss Sexuality in Elementary School?”
As the usual tumult greeted the final public hearings on the Atlantic Yards development last month, it was business as usual for the developer Bruce C. Ratner .
Lisa Jacqueline Kunik and Lance Andrew Goldsmith were married Saturday in Los Angeles.
Still, overall business remains weak.
''I know it's been difficult, but this new generation of ownership is 100 percent resolved to excellence and a superior fan experience for the long term,'' he said.
The American obsession with people who are said to transcend race began long before Barack Obama moved into the White House — long before he even thought about running for president.
The quake measured 3.4 — modest in some parts of the world.
Negotiators should also salvage the child tax credit , worth up to $1,000 per child.
Still, regardless of whether she’s found guilty, you could deduce three things.
She bought a four-family brownstone on Fort Greene Place with her boyfriend, Barry Crooks, 51, a bar owner and playwright.
Neither Sergeant Todd nor Sergeant Munley were made available by the military for this article, but on Wednesday on the “ Oprah Winfrey Show,” they offered their first public comments on the shooting.
Our eyes dry in a hurry as we careen from breathless fan-boy writing to dusty travelogue descriptions of Liverpool at the turn of the 20th century, while Carlin describes some immigrants flooding in and others flooding out, “departing for the untrammeled shores of the New World.” Yawn.
Ford, which said it needed the changes to reduce some advantages the union gave to General Motors and Chrysler as those companies headed into bankruptcy in the spring, is not expected to seek a new deal.
Mr. Todd noted that the investigation announced on Monday could lead to fines of up to 10 percent of each carrier's global annual sales, or even orders to break up the alliances.
The Taliban largely melted away in the weeks after American forces began patrolling the valley and security improved, but the death of the police chief might indicate that the insurgents had returned to the attack.
But when two officers entered, heavily armored with helmets, vests and shields, he attacked with the knife, Mr. Browne said.
“And I don’t know what to do next for Luis.
The firm also has a geothermal deal scheduled to close in October, Mr. McDermott said, and has signed engagement letters with two more companies in the smart-grid sector.
Maybe he should have been a lawyer instead: The performer Victor Willis , above, better known as the original police officer in the campy group the Village People, has filed suit against a resuscitated version, saying it is using his likeness and voice in its performances, The Associated Press reported.
While the dollar has been fairly strong lately, it could weaken as federal deficits rise.
Perhaps not since the days of John McEnroe, Jimmy Connors, Ivan Lendl, Mats Wilander, among others, has there been so much talent clustered at the top of men’s tennis.
There was an important party missing from the conversation.
professor who fashioned a language for the apelike Pakuni creatures on the 1970s children’s TV series “Land of the Lost.” Okrand also spoke admiringly of the prehistoric languages that Anthony Burgess created for the movie “Quest for Fire” in 1981.
Beijing concluded from examining facts that neither the Soviet Communist model nor the Western democracy model really worked for a developing country in terms of achieving modernization, and that democratization usually follows modernization rather than precedes it.
The bridegroom’s father is an independent textile sales representative there.
JPMorgan Chase and other large banks involved in the negotiations are, to greater and lesser degrees, beholden to Washington.
The shelters were intended to create the illusion that they could make profits when in fact they could not and instead generated artificial losses that were then illegally used to offset legitimate income by their users.
Matthew Freedman, a staff lawyer with the Utility Reform Network, a ratepayer advocacy group in California, said the short-term nature of voluntary green power commitments meant that they were often meaningless on long-term projects like new wind or solar farms.
That came in Madrid, on a hard court in 2005.
But now Facebook Casanovas are adopting the village ways, in which “bio-data” are shared first and kisses later.
He just happens to be more extreme.
is king, but at an Open with punitive rough, a balance of distance and accuracy off the tee is necessary but not sufficient to win.
They wanted a wheeling-and-dealing, Rovian maestro.
3:30 p.m. 7 BETTY’S HOPE On a bare windy hill in the center of the island, the ruins of the plantation known as Betty’s Hope (about 10 miles east of St. John’s, off Collins Road, 268-462-1469; www.antiguamuseums.org/BettysHopeHome.htm ; entry, 5 dollars) are a reminder that Antigua was once, in effect, a huge colonial sugar mill, which ran on slave and wind power.
She assured him she had the perfect acupuncturist for the job, and heartened, he tucked into a plate of bacon, eggs, sausage, broiled tomato and toast.
And actually we did some of the surveys that were done in the ’70s and the early ’80s.
A sharper-than-expected fall in Chinese demand for resources exposed Australian vulnerability, the report said.
Harvey Weinstein had pushed for the film to be eligible this year over objections of his erstwhile producing partner Scott Rudin, which motivated Mr. Rudin to remove his name from the movie.
She’s got a very good antenna about the disgruntled young staffer or tensions between a couple of principals.” (He declined to be more specific, saying, “Where she serves most ably involves issues that can be sensitive.
“I think it adds to our cachet that we’re not online,” Catherine Ostler, the breezy editor of Tatler, told me in her cluttered corner office.
In an extremely precedented move, the Obama administration has decided that the best time for possible bankruptcy is — a few months from now.
“You would think that leaders would get religion from the fact that global trade this year could be down by 10 percent, precisely the trend that happened between 1930 and 1933,” she said.
Granz took the unusual step of taping every set.
Cost for a deluxe room: from 295 euros .
The upbeat mood did not last.
But it has taken another 50 years to begin to protect the landscape in which Año Nuevo Point is set.
This time, though, in his view, the recovery will get extra thrust from the convergence of four other trends: burnout in the ranks of baby-boomer business owners, rapid technology advances that are driving market consolidation, long-term growth in the appetite of foreigners for United States companies and a buildup of cash at the nation’s 4,000 to 8,000 private equity groups.
While he said he did not believe in “bigger government,” he proposed a more activist government than any other since Lyndon B. Johnson .
He will surpass John Smoltz in career postseason victories if he wins one more playoff game.
“These were the creators of jazz,” he said.
In 1992, Mr. Slattery made his move.
They work alongside their husbands in the fields and have brought back a sound that was fast becoming a distant memory among the aging farm population here: crying babies.
Two decades of research suggests that the higher spending does not produce better results for patients but may be evidence of inefficiency.
Mr. Stewart said the techniques had their benefits but would not work for an animal that had already gone after a person or a pet.
The December job loss in retailing is the worst since at least 1939 .
“But,” he added, “it’s important not to stalk them in the meantime.” Stephanie Coontz, a family historian, said that luckily our generation of parents may not need to, thanks to our enlightened child-rearing techniques that allowed children to begin asserting their independence at an early age.
Under the government’s so-called adverse scenario, for instance, banks may experience losses of 8.8 percent over the next two years on first mortgages they hold.
Autopsies and hospital records from 34 people who died of swine flu show that the virus sometimes damaged cells deep in the lungs, as the viruses that caused the 1918 and 1957 flu pandemics also did, the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases announced.
Service in World War I won him American citizenship.
Then Daniel Chopra, who reached seven under when he birdied three of the first four only to fall back with a 39 on the last nine.
All you got to do is look sideways at the wrong people, and bingo, something gets set off and it’s crazy.” He added, “On bad weather days, people are apt not to run into each other that are carrying grudges from the day before.” Professor Cohn said that murders nationally were less likely to involve strangers.
New York City public health officials are in fact conducting an extensive immunization campaign, and they agree that it is far too early to draw any final conclusions.
It is the factor that distinguishes this series from other local series - in addition to the fact that it travels the world.
In January, he gave a talk to children at Peninsula Preparatory Academy in Far Rockaway, a charter school where his brother Marvin was deputy principal, about his work on the Queens campaign.
But Lego is not amused.
But they also highlight the frustration of American officials and Pakistani citizens over the fact that the Pakistani military seems able to monitor Taliban leaders, including Mr. Fazlullah, but remains unable or unwilling to kill or capture them.
Nicholas J. Conard, an archaeologist at the University of Tübingen, in Germany, who found the small carving in a cave last year, said it was at least 35,000 years old, “one of the oldest known examples of figurative art” in the world.
Kim 11th District (the Bronx): G. Oliver Koppell 20th District (Queens): S.J.
The defeat was a significant setback for the Kirchners’ presidential aspirations in 2011, and it was aggravated by the losses their Peronist Party faction suffered in other key provinces.
They say that governments, central banks and international bodies should scrutinize a few markets that look likely to froth over in the next few years, like capital markets in China, commodities like gold and oil, and government bonds in heavily indebted countries like the United States.
One, known as “no match, no vote,” flagged new registrants whose basic information — name, date of birth, driver’s license number and last four digits of the Social Security number — did not match government databases.
He nominated Tom Wolfe's "Bonfire of the Vanities" or Joseph O'Neill's "Netherland."
After gasoline prices rose above $4 a gallon last summer, Republican cries of “drill, baby, drill” forced candidate Barack Obama into a rare retreat.
The company, which produces about 2.2 million tons a year from plantations in Malaysia and Indonesia, aims to certify all its operations by 2011.
Cadbury reported a 30 percent rise in profits for 2008 while Nestle ’s profits grew by 10.9 percent, according to public filings.
But in a nod to the Justice Department’s objections, the Transportation Department ruled that the immunity would not apply to several international routes where Continental and its new partners offered overlapping service.
To save the health care bill she had to give in to abortion opponents in her party and allow them to propose tight restrictions barring any insurance plan that is purchased with government subsidies from covering abortions.
The U.N. Security Council could refer the situation to the I.C.C.
When we next met, my patient had begun needing oxygen and was besieged with paperwork.
I felt comfortable and just focused.” Later in Columbus, Samantha Prahalis scored a career-high 23 points to lead third-seeded Ohio State (28-5) to a 77-63 victory against 14th-seeded Sacred Heart (25-8).
He moved to the Murray Hill neighborhood of Manhattan in the mid-1980s after finishing at Southwestern University School of Law in Los Angeles .
UConn Coach Jim Calhoun, who missed the second half with an illness, moved into a tie with Lefty Driesell for seventh place on the N.C.A.A.
As chairman of the Senate energy committee, Mr. Bingaman may be trying to fill the shoes of Pete Domenici, who for years dominated the panel and helped ensure a steady flow of money to the weapons labs, including Los Alamos in New Mexico.
In a chapter on overpraise, the authors describe laboratory studies in which children, having taken an initial test and then been praised for their intelligence, fared worse in follow-up rounds, while children who were instead commended for their effort challenged themselves further and performed better over all.
Each of the 16 finalists will receive an $18,000 postgraduate scholarship; some will be trying to play pro football next year while several others will be in medical school.
Elect Bush and Still Get Gore!” Among his most compelling works are those revolving around images of beautiful, rifle-toting women and children from third world countries.
“We’ve owned Petrobras for a very long time,” Mr. Pangaro said, “but in the energy and materials sector, we generally focus on midcaps and small caps.” The portfolio does not hedge the currencies of countries in which it invests.
A Congressional staff member with direct knowledge of events in 2008 said that the committee felt it had obtained the test results with the understanding that they would remain confidential.
I love the coaches, players, I love it all.
In my view, he deserves the benefit of the doubt on this decision.
“He would have reached the end of his career very quickly had he persisted in making films like ‘To Live.’ He had to live with the realities of Chinese society.
A few days after Mr. Lowder’s retirement was announced, regulators issued a cease-and-desist order demanding that the bank increase its capital and reduce its bad loans.
For all of their high-profile losses, they stand just two games behind the Red Sox in the American League East.
And the third, for $1.6 million, went to a coalition of industry groups, the Alternative Fuel Trade Alliance.
''That would be a return of 18 percent a year versus Treasuries at 2 percent.''
“It’s a celebration of a historic neighborhood in New York City ,” he said.
A heavily undervalued renminbi is the key financial distortion in the world economy today.
In August, she is to begin studying for an M.B.A. at the University of Pennsylvania, from which she graduated.
The Turkish Republic has been good to him, he said.
The international community’s wish list of potential defendants includes Mr. Karzai’s brother Ahmed Wali Karzai, a suspected player in the country’s booming illegal opium trade; Gen. Abdul Rashid Dostum, who is accused of involvement in the killings of thousands of Taliban prisoners of war early in the Afghan conflict; and one of Mr. Karzai’s running mates, Marshal Muhammad Qasim Fahim, a former defense minister who is suspected of drug trafficking .
Vikings quarterback Brett Favre wanted to remind the football world just how old he is.
While at Elisabeth Irwin High School she joined the Song Swappers, which sang backup for Mr. Seeger when the Folkways label reissued a collection of union songs under the title ''Talking Union'' in 1955.
Recipe: Tangerine-Vanilla Floats Adapted from ''Sunday Suppers at Lucques,'' by Suzanne Goin with Teri Gelber (Knopf, 2005) Time: 10 minutes Adapted from ''Sunday Suppers at Lucques,'' by Suzanne Goin with Teri Gelber (Knopf, 2005) Time: 10 minutes 6 large scoops vanilla ice cream 3 cups freshly squeezed tangerine juice (from about 12 tangerines) or orange juice (see note) Seltzer.
Quicker than a TV analyst could finish his criticism of the manager’s lunacy in removing one of England’s most renowned strikers, Martins scored a sharp, predatory, slightly fortuitous goal.
A Haitian, who had served time for at least one drug-related offense, had a lawyer but wanted a second opinion after being held in Varick for 16 months.
The first arrest in the case, that of Manuel Ortega, 19, happened at the scene.
Detained in June 2009; released in late October.
Witnesses could not be located, and in some cases, not even the bodies of the deceased could be found.
The show, Mr. Roth’s first as a producer, ran for six years Off Broadway.
Any change in the delicate status quo seems capable of setting off a riot, as Jerusalem’s most zealous Jews and liberals vie for the city’s character and soul.
The bureau has raided more than a dozen private and government offices.
The inn and adjacent carriage house date back to 1857, and the property is decorated with period antiques.
But that does not account for major hitches in development that could be brought on by technical troubles with the fields, violence and political instability.
They can often find themselves in court, battling big corporations, spending piles of money on lawyers and leaving it up to judges and juries to determine the value of their hard-won patents.
Harris, who missed 10 games with a groin injury, had come off the bench the past three games.
His country has been in the news — in Europe, at least — these days because Mr. Havel’s successor as president, his fierce rival Vaclav Klaus, has puzzled and irritated European leaders by raising last-minute objections to a treaty designed to consolidate the power of the European Union and give it more heft on the world stage.
At least that much is certain.
Mullah Nadhim is 31, burly and, now, cleanshaven.
Norman Rockwell’s wholesome vision of small-town life is glancingly referenced at various points in the proceedings, and the music of Bing Crosby dapples the soundscape.
Alcor issued a statement on its Web site denying the accusations and promising litigation.
The family’s efforts to investigate Mr. Yu’s death have been thwarted by the police and prosecutors, who refuse to allow an autopsy or even issue a death certificate.
That’s what you got.” I thought of that “risotto” last week when T-Mobile released the Samsung Memoir, the first 8-megapixel phone camera in the United States ($250 with two-year contract, after $50 rebate).
With the private sector increasingly wary of Congressional intervention in the business of those who participate in government bailout programs, Mr. Obama substantially dialed back the near endorsement he had given late last week to the House vote for a confiscatory 90 percent tax on bonuses like those A.I.G.
She said 24 other people had lighter injuries.
The largest and most expensive homes are on multiacre lots on hillsides with river views.
For years the Metropolitan Museum of Art displayed the painting of a mustached man in his mid-30s on the same wall as famous portraits of Juan de Pareja and Maria Teresa, infanta of Spain by the 17th-century Spanish master Velázquez.
And the resulting assembly is really important: The “Europarl” has steadily gained in powers and plays a major role in issues that directly affect all 500 million E.U.
One retired woman on a fixed income asked him why he could not cut the pay of legislators.
Karin Kirchner, a General Motors spokeswoman in Zurich, confirmed that the companies were talking.
“I wouldn’t be embarrassed if she ran second against this competition,” he said, not ruling out running her in the Travers Stakes at the end of August at Saratoga Race Course.
“Right now, there just aren’t many places for people to go,” said Timothy L. Holt, an executive recruiter at Heidrick & Struggles.
Richard B. Myers , a retired general who was chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said in a recent interview that he was unaware of the discussion.
Each necklace, scarf and bracelet is designed like an embroidered garment, with a mosaic of glass and metal beads hand-stitched onto tulle and affixed with chains.
And she clung fast to her new family, most fiercely drawn to TiCasey — willingly changing her diapers and happily bottle-feeding her.
Yasmina goes, ‘It is like John McEnroe.’ It was hysterical.
Dr. Aarestrup said they used prototypes of a small tag that released at a specified date, popping to the surface and transmitting data to a satellite.
The Army has managed to meet its goals each year since 2006, but not without difficulty.
While Mr. Obama’s status as the first African-American to be president will be the most important “first” of the day, it is not the only first along demographical lines: Linda Douglass, a spokeswoman for the inaugural committee, reported that this will also be the first time that a gay and lesbian band has marched in an inaugural parade.
Aniboom ran the “Live Music” competition for Mass Animation and provided technology infrastructure.
There were many domestic reasons voters handed an American-backed coalition a victory in Lebanese parliamentary elections on Sunday — but political analysts also attribute it in part to President Obama’s campaign of outreach to the Arab and Muslim world.
It’s entirely possible that such concerns won’t matter much and will mean less to audiences uninitiated in Orton, whose legacy lives on via the formal elegance of his work coupled with a scabrous desire to shock that makes many of the so-called “in-yer-face” writers of today’s generation look timid by comparison.
and Chrysler, Moody’s said there was a “70 percent” probability that one or both of the companies would have to file for bankruptcy protection.
Korean Airlines, for example, is spending $200 million to equip its aircraft with high-end seats and upgrade its entertainment offerings in all cabins.
“On the Central Valley Improvement Act, no person was more important than Tom Graff,” Senator Barbara Boxer, Democrat of California, said in a statement after his death.
Many of the party’s winning candidates have since been imprisoned.
Sheriff Terry Marketti of Morris County said the men, Scott Finch and Luke Harty, were already charged with aggravated battery in the attack early Sunday morning against Faud Nafie, 35.
“It’s two-tenths of a second and you can’t catch it, all you can do is tip it,” Frank said.
Economic forecasting is a dark art, and predicting when recessions begin and end is its weakest link.
Services today, 1pm at Congregation Mt.
Standard chemotherapy is effective because the chemicals are applied in such large doses that they kill all cells.
!” Pierce said on his Twitter page.
Also of note, “Precious: Based on the Novel ‘Push’ by Sapphire,” the Lee Daniels film about an abused teenager in Harlem, grossed $1.8 million from just 18 theaters.
“We made payroll, even in this economy, through October,” said Peter Shaindlin , the board’s chairman.
Mr. Abdi has kept a low profile lately, offering little publicly except some support for the Green Movement of the other main reform leader, Mir Hussein Moussavi.
in 2005, Mr. Salih of the P.U.K.
Madame Bettencourt remains L’Oreal’s biggest shareholder, retaining about 30 percent through the family holding company, Téthys.
On a videotape that Ms. Aumoithe recorded on her cellphone, Dr. Samuels comments that she had limited range of motion .
“He always said he got the job because he fit in the robot suit,” said the actress June Lockhart, who played the marooned family’s matriarch, Maureen Robinson.
Had I looked at the menu online and gone elsewhere, however, I would have missed well-prepared meals made with high-quality ingredients.
NEW BRUNSWICK State Theater “Momix: Passion,” the Momix troupe presents a multimedia dance performance.
My son’s health, in the end, is all that really matters.”
Once on the ground, it was immediately guided to the end of a runway, where it was surrounded by police cars and emergency vehicles and searched by a bomb-disabling robot.
Kantarian’s salary had long been a point of discussion in tennis.
If you are feeling certain flu symptoms, don’t get on an airplane.” With public health officials recommending that schools close if there are more confirmed or suspected cases, Mr. Obama urged parents and businesses to “think about contingency plans” in case of such closings.
I’ll take the Antigone who was — sans residue.
The Juilliard School has created a special chair for Alan Gilbert , who begins as music director of the New York Philharmonic in September.
The two pilots were suspended from flying pending the outcome of the investigation, Mr. Stewart.
Bradley now draws boos whenever he begins his stroll to the plate and hears the same empty encore after every out he records.
Landis, the 33-year-old raised as a Mennonite, had failed a doping test after a particularly grueling mountain stage of the Tour.
“PC guys are not going to just knock this out.” Apple, the novice, didn’t merely walk into the business.
In lieu of flowers, please send contributions to Gastric Cancer Study at MSKCC, 1275 York Ave., New York, NY 10065.
“If there is going to be renewed growth it can’t just be the United States as the engine, everybody is going to have to pick up the pace,” he said.
Her eyes grew large, she gasped and glanced at the moderator, Mike Scanlan, who assured her, “We should be O.K.” Cristie Kerr, another early starter whose 68 was the low round of the day, has played better since she started working on her mental approach with a Buddhist practitioner named Joe Parent, who she said has helped her sweep away the clutter in her head.
“He said, ‘You said that last year about Patrick Lennon.’ ” Jongewaard had found several gems when he worked for the Mets, including Lenny Dykstra, Kevin Mitchell and the No.
Its figures are also silent objects constructed in order to give voice to — what?
The unit has two full bathrooms.
Boston has only two regulation losses since Oct. 30.
Gold, which tends to rise as the dollar weakens, reached $1,166.10 an ounce, a record.
Last spring, the coalition finally won: President George W. Bush declared some 175 miles of the route, mostly along the Old Carolina Road from southern Pennsylvania to central Virginia , a National Heritage Area.
(Today only the Devils’ Martin Brodeur and Boston’s unorthodox ace Tim Thomas use the tactic frequently.)
European lawmakers are set this week to approve plans to cut the cost of calling a mobile phone, as well as the first price limits on the cost of text messaging and mobile Internet surfing while abroad.
The Mets’ four Monday night games have produced a 1.0 rating, equal to ESPN’s season average, but their 0.8 rating for three Wednesday night games is off a bit from the overall 0.9 average.
“While we did not foresee the decline in the real estate market, we knew home prices would not continue to appreciate at 15 percent per year forever,” he says, adding that his bank knew that pick-a-payment loans would be trouble for many homeowners.
NASA reserves the right to choose an appropriate name, and an agency spokesman said NASA would decide in April.
Two of the great meals available in the Bahamas can be discovered there, as different from each other as could ever be imagined by a tourist board, restaurant critic or hungry traveler, and each as capable of shifting a person’s worldview as a miracle.
Monkey Bar ★ 60 East 54th Street; (212) 308-2950.
I’m only here to make it big in this field.
So what does this astute man want?
The men with close relationships with their siblings were much healthier in old age than those without them.
9 Miami, 65-47, in the first round of the A.C.C.
THE Latina girl, wearing all black, said: “You’re dating a foreign guy, right?
The organ is not an obscure instrument.
In a deep, raspy voice, Mr. McKen chimed in, “There’s nothing I’m confined to, anything I put my mind and my grind to.” Together they sang the refrain: When I was a young boy coming up, dreams to make it big and live it up.
Dinner for two at Della Femina will set you back $150 — but the restaurant is throwing in a free glass of wine.
Our nation is at war against a far-reaching network of violence and hatred.
Having recently suffered the acute boredom of two dry weddings (one featuring the exertions of a stand-up comic), I was determined to make alcohol my battle.
He will also retain a board seat.
“We want the writers and intellectuals of the world to come and see how people are suffering on a daily basis.” That suffering is quite real.
“But in his case, we want him to get in that flow and dominate when the game is in balance.
They have repeatedly said that Arabs should invest in and trade with Arabs first.
One of the researchers, Grace Lau, a Ph.D. candidate at the University of Waterloo, said the goal was to encourage women to help one another.
The treatment involves removing eggs from a woman’s ovaries, combining them with sperm in a laboratory, and implanting the resulting embryos in the woman’s uterus.
Prince and Mr. Longo’s outfit, Menthol Wars.
Last year, in cases brought by the steelworkers and various companies, the Commerce Department imposed tariffs on Chinese exports of thermal paper and tires for off-road vehicles, after finding illegal subsidies.
A powerful Islamic insurgent group called Al Shabab , which has foreign fighters in its ranks, operates openly in the capital and seeks to overthrow the weak government and impose a strict form of Islam in Somalia.
There's no need to rent a car in Aspen, as almost everything downtown is walking distance.
For the finale, I went with mutton curry (15 dirhams).
But the country’s army chief repeatedly fended off such integration until the prime minister fired him.
Mr. Summers pressed Mrs. Romer to make the argument that health care reforms could make American businesses more competitive globally, adding that it was among the political advisers’ favorite “talking points.” He did so again when Mrs. Romer outlined her final draft at a recent well-attended meeting.
In English and Ukrainian, with English subtitles.
To avoid confusing dealers and the public, and to establish an artistic brand, they used only Christo's name.
The king’s remarks, delivered in Zulu, included a rebuke to anyone who questioned his people’s love of animals.
She also will want to know whether the city has been able to borrow as much as it has wanted, or whether it is borrowing in smaller amounts, and to what extent it is paying a premium.
(Check out the photos online of her attending this year’s Golden Globe Awards in six-alarm red.)
The least expensive model is a regular cab XL with rear-wheel drive, which Ford describes as nothing less than “a true workhorse.” Priced at $21,790, it has a 4-speed automatic transmission and the 248-horsepower engine.
“A foolish consistency,” Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote, “is the hobgoblin of little minds.” If so, American politics is full of wise people.
He started coming almost three years ago, when he was 16.
“He was very serious about it, and trained scientifically and mathematically.
Rascal Flatts ’s “Unstoppable” (Lyric Street) fell one spot to No.
For me, this one boils down to nerve.
is trying to fix something that is not broken and the government arguing that reducing the risk of using airplanes as terror weapons is worth the increased supervision.
That may be where the Chiles Endowment also lands.
The episode on family sitcoms opens with a clip of the Simpsons arguing around their dinner table, which is followed by an interview of the “Simpsons” creator Matt Groening (who praises the “Leave It to Beaver” character Eddie Haskell), which gives way to an interview with Norman Lear, who discusses the radio and television comedy pioneer Gertrude Berg.
I gave it to her, and she started crying again.
Mrs. Clinton’s mother, Dorothy Rodham, put it away — unbeknownst to the residence staff.
Whether Moctezuma, a former priest “well versed in Mexica philosophy and religion” in Mr. Elliott’s own words, gave credence to the myth is a moot question.
And then, a few months ago, out of the blue, came the $2 billion bid from the Silver Lake consortium.
The band punched out zany numbers: the frantic, cartoon-like “Powerhouse,” then a blazing fast version of “White Heat.” They slowed down at times to ballad speed, serving up dollops of rich harmonic confection from the Jazz Age, or calling up a guest from the audience to sing.
He singled out a number of exceptional residents, including high-achieving students and a social worker, who were sitting in the balcony of the Assembly chamber.
Thinking about Brando’s legacy now leads to one name above all others: Heath Ledger.
He will, however, still be paid an annual salary of $800,000, and he has been rewarded lavishly since he returned to lead Morgan Stanley in 2005.
The couple chose one on East 90th Street that was bigger than the rest.
The Greek economy started to slow down later than those of many of its peers, and it seems that it will be stuck in recession longer.
He had been marketing director at Odyssey Networks, New York.
He is a son of Randee S. Dutton and Richard C. Dutton of Bala Cynwyd, Pa. His mother retired as a freelance public relations copywriter in Bala Cynwyd.
A wind-fanned wildfire that charred 7,500 acres in the San Gabriel Mountains continued to rage Sunday as firefighters worked to prevent flames from advancing toward a mountain resort community.
The overall transaction, including shareholdings and retained debt payments, is valued at 774.5 billion yen ($7.8 billion), Citigroup and Sumitomo Mitsui said.
Turnout was very low almost everywhere else — only 19.64 percent in Slovakia, 28 percent in Slovenia and the Czech Republic, and just over 36 percent in Hungary.
Meanwhile, Miss Lubis’s roommate and Mr. Fure’s landlord let them keep their things where they were.
Gina Gershon, the former ''Ghostbuster'' Ernie Hudson and Sammy Hagar, who still cannot drive 55, share their tales.
''It hurts my heart that they don't know what happened.''
It is unknown if those items were later sold.
The budget deficit could be a big problem.
The debate is beginning to sound more and more like the politics President Obama decried in his campaign — partisan, mean and progress-free.
Each of the square’s 300,000 cobblestones was uprooted, cleaned, polished and put back.
Mr. Cerf, the former president of Edison Schools Inc., now called EdisonLearning , one of the world’s largest operators of public schools for profit, is a longtime friend of Schools Chancellor Joel I. Klein.
But as unemployment in the city reaches a 16-year high, as corporations close and deficits mount, optimism has become a scarce commodity, aboveground and below.
The persistent allure of a machine’s architecture is well known to Rhyder McClure, an author of computer books and owner of the New York NannyCam Company, who has been riding BMW boxers since the 1960s.
Big men were thought to lack mobility; for Russell, finesse and footwork became more important than strength.
The flip side of free rein from government interference, of course, is corruption.
It has long been known that a third airport is needed in the Chicago metropolitan area.
“This is the end of the program,” he said.
And what’s to be feared: reprisals from Internet rock critics?
Young people ages 12 to 19 will be invited to create video clips in an effort known as consumer-generated or user-generated content.
He has a great back story.
Dr. David S. George, an Ohio ophthalmologist who with two other physicians owns an outpatient eye center, said they performed 5 percent fewer cataract operations in 2008 than in 2007, following nearly a decade of consistent 10 percent annual growth.
Now, with word that the United States government plans to try the Somali pirate captured in the daring Navy Seal operation that rescued an American cargo ship captain in the Indian Ocean, legal experts are abuzz about the challenges such a case would pose, as well as the opportunities.
Robert Gibbs, the White House press secretary, said he did not know whether Michelle Obama was also moved.
If the court sides with these patent applicants it would open the door for all sorts of “processes.” That would lock up all sorts of techniques — including abstract ways of thinking about future events — that should not properly belong to anyone.
Officials say the United States has learned so much about Al Qaeda and other militant groups since the 9/11 attacks that it can safely rely on foreign partners to detain and question more suspects.
In January the National Portrait Gallery in Washington added the poster to its collection.
“It could be useful in California for instance,” he said.
Running time: 2 hours 20 minutes.
Most musicians are usually responsible.
About 20 paintings and drawings are on view, a few predating independence and all on loan from two private New York collections.
These recommendations could potentially hurt women and encourage insurance companies not to pay for the use of these diagnostic tools.
Mass St. Aloysius Church, Caldwell, Wednesday, 10am.
He assailed the government’s tolerance for “home-bred fascists” and its “cynical laissez-faire leniency” to those who carry out politically motivated violence.
The radioactive tests are given for hundreds of purposes.
And, like her, he will graduate without working on the new trains.
“Today the goal is for customers to get a warm-and-fuzzy feeling from their credit-card company,” said Carl Pascarella, a former chief executive of Visa USA.
In 2005, when Michael Howard ran for prime minister, Cameron helped draft the party manifesto and helped Howard prepare for his role in prime minister’s questions.
And planners agree that it is smarter to collect earlier if it will prevent you from accumulating debt.
These investors, who typically allocate a small percentage of their portfolios to venture capital, are familiar with risk, but it is long-term risk, stretching out 7 to 10 years.
Mr. Jimenez did not attend his Harvard graduation.
As important as the win was for the Red Sox, who began the day with a four-and-a-half-game lead for the American League wild card, receiving a stellar start from Matsuzaka was also important.
Investing in a business that relies on the creditworthiness of its clients at a time of rising unemployment and credit card defaults could backfire.
Some bombs are set off when vehicles pass over pressure plates.
The law requires doctors to notify the parents or guardians 48 hours before a girl 17 or younger gets an abortion.
But Mary, age 13, stirred him.
The Wall Street Journal published an article on Friday giving some scientific details of the discovery.
Thirty-eight percent of the people polled said they expected to feel more anxiety this holiday season than last.
He said, “Jeffrey, different is not necessarily better.” Q.
Sabathia had muzzled the Mets on one run in winning his last start and was 6-1 with a 2.82 earned run average in his last 10 starts.
While the new strategy will call for expanding Afghan security forces more rapidly, it will not explicitly endorse the request from American commanders to increase the national police and army to 400,000.
Governors and legislators of the same party are finding themselves at bitter odds: in Arizona , Gov.
The fifth-grade language arts rate dropped even further, to 60 percent from 89 percent.
Oprah and Kirstie are performing this for us.” Laura Miller, 28, an unemployed saleswoman in an Atlanta suburb, has been Good Kirstie and Bad Kirstie.
This German-language version of the show comes via Vienna, where the curtain fell on a planned yearlong run after only 10 months.
2-BEDROOM CONDOMINIUM A ski-in 1,000-square-foot condo in Granby Ranch is set for occupancy this month.
“The Dictators were humorous in some ways.” Mr. Manitoba rose up in mock protest.
The goal is to understand “what our customers are trying to accomplish, not what they say they need,” says John Horn, vice president for research and development at 3M’s industrial and transportation business.
The Bank of Spain has warned of little room for additional spending, with Spain’s public sector deficit on track to hit 8.3 percent of G.D.P.
“I was pretty confident I got him," Schneider said.
She is survived by her four children, Daniel, John, Caroline and Elizabeth and their families and her sisters Ruth Schlieper, and Florence Gaddis.
Here, I feel like I’m just a renter now, one of many.
These sorts of pairings seem not so much complementary as overkill.
This move was, however, illegitimate from the start, because an act of Congress cannot legally be reversed by an executive order.
“Until the 1950s or 1960s, we did not really have an artist who depicted us,” Ms. James said.
She is survived by her sisters Katherine Arton and Elizabeth Dyevich of Princeton, New Jersey, Mary Cooper of Greenwich, CT, and Patricia Arton of Stamford, CT. She is also survived by her brothers- in-law James Cooper of Greenwich, CT, Thomas Dyevich of Princeton, NJ and her six adored nieces and nephews, Henry, Michael, and Kate Cooper of Greenwich, CT, and Jack, Harry, and Catherine Dyevich of Princeton, NJ.
This is a place where wind-whipped grasses “all bent in various yielding flows, with the wild buckwheat standing in islands, stiff with its heads of grain and red branching stems,” and where dawn can conjure up “morning in paradise,” with “fading stars like night watchmen walking the periphery of darkness and calling out that all is well.” In Eden, of course, “all is well” never lasts, and Jiles isn’t too busy carving cadences to set her story rolling.
“We took that as a compliment.” Others have had less positive experiences with social media.
But her shtick — including a routine about an erratically functioning GPS she nicknames Molly — can be annoying, and the journey becomes an uninspired plod through distillery gift shops, tasting rooms and other well-traveled haunts.
As ever, his scorn for fussy prose is best expressed through his own superbly lean locutions.
Mr. Heaps added that “Dance Hall Style“ by Horace Andy, a record on the Wackie’s label, was his store’s most popular album.
For fanciers of the girl-group sound, the production is an utter charm bomb (2:00).
The first of his political calculations came during his early teenage years when he had his name legally changed from Gideon to George, explaining to a schoolmate at the time that one could not become prime minister with a name like Gideon.
I don’t know anyone in Maine, but here I am.” One of the volunteers working phones at the Stand for Maine offices last Thursday was Bonnie Johnstone of Portland, who said she had decided to help after hearing about the campaign at her Mormon church.
Chief Lewis refused to discuss a police report from 2003, when Mr. Clark was a senior at Branford High School and the police were called about a dispute with his girlfriend at the time.
PHOTOS (PHOTOGRAPHS BY BILL CUNNINGHAM)
They were then driven back south.
In the water, he paddled for five minutes before catching another ride.
On Radio , a Spanish -language station that often acts as a megaphone for Cuban-American conservatives, Ninoska Pérez Castellón, a popular host, echoed the concerns of the Diaz-Balarts.
‘‘People talk about the tribunals, and of course that’s good for the victims,’’ he said.
BIG RIVER MAN Opens on Friday in Manhattan.
When Versace, also a world champion, was East, he realized that if South had four hearts, the contract was probably impregnable.
“You look like a real thug,” Giacometti told him at their first sitting.
Los Angeles Throughout their playoff run, the Orlando Magic players have adopted the mantra, “It doesn’t get any easier.” In Game 1 of the N.B.A.
Her stepfather is the chairman and chief executive of Nice-Pak Products, a manufacturer of moist wipes, in Orangeburg, N.Y. Mr. Karish, 32, works in New York for the Royal Bank of Canada; he is a director selling stocks to institutional clients.
The sicarios, as easy to hire in Mexico as in Colombia, are known in both places as “the disposable ones” because when killed — as they often are — they are easily replaced by their ruthless bosses.
“Painting will always be around,” he said.
Grigory Gorbunov, a spokesman for the regional Emergency Situations Ministry, told Vesti television that rescuers responded immediately when the call came in on Saturday’s fire.
THE STARRY MESSENGER Matthew Broderick plays a staid, married astronomer whose fluky encounter with a single mother (Catalina Sandino Moreno, an Oscar nominee for “Maria Full of Grace”) knocks him out of orbit in Kenneth Lonergan’s comedy-drama.
Mrs. Clinton is scheduled to make her first trip to Pakistan soon, and will stop in Morocco on the way home for a conference, where she will lobby Arab foreign ministers to take conciliatory steps toward Israel.
Sang said, referring to the governing Chinese Communist Party.
But he said his administration had freed up $1.4 billion in aid and told the young man, “That may not sound like a lot of money to you, but it’s real money.” The moment of confrontation stood out in a forum at the University of New Orleans where a largely supportive crowd cheered the president and chanted his campaign slogan, “Yes, we can,” while booing Gov.
That style — full of fractured angles, wheeling legs, backward curving upper bodies, sudden undulations — can look formulaic.
“In this narrow question of identity, it was that although they grew up in totally different worlds, she had the same kind of ‘decency and work ethic and sense of responsibility to give something back,’ ” Jarrett said.
On a recent mission, soldiers from the Fourth Squadron, Ninth Cavalry Regiment drove cautiously through an intersection.
That’s because an investor with a $1 million portfolio, investing 4 percent in managed futures, would have about $40,000, and that’s not enough to diversify, he said.
Samuel Israel III , a former hedge fund manager who faked his own death in an effort to avoid a 20-year prison term for defrauding investors, was sentenced Wednesday to two extra years.
It said that it was “confident in Cadbury’s stand-alone strategy and growth prospects as a result of its strong brands, unique category and geographic scope.” Speaking in a conference call on Monday, Ms. Rosenfeld of Kraft disagreed.
“We’re going to have to get to the bottom of this because there does need to be answers, I agree.
Funeral Services entrusted to the Frederick J. Chapey & Sons West Islip Funeral Home.
“There’s a part of me that looks beyond everything now,” he said.
He was moved to a French hospital, where he died on Nov. 11, 2004, at the age of 75.
For the short-term liquidity facilities, which are no longer urgently needed, the government can act sooner rather than later.
The bride, 29, will continue to use her name professionally.
Congress expanded FISA and gave the companies blanket immunity less than a day after the bill was introduced.
The solitary goal is the first the Toulouse striker André-Pierre Gignac has struck for France, which plays Serbia in Belgrade next month.
The eagerness was understandable; the winner would receive two months of rent or mortgage payments, up to $4,000.
In recounting the story of Henry, an involuntary time traveler, and his wife, Clare — who patiently waits for him to return home from his Odysseus-like wanderings through the calendar — Ms. Niffenegger not only conjured two memorable characters, but also created an affecting story about the magical ability of love to transcend time.
I’m just not what you like.” A few years later, at his father’s urging, Powell tried to become a skilled tradesman, which would at least have given him a more transferable skill.
Last month, four undernourished and neglected former racehorses belonging to him were rescued from a New York kill pen, one step from being slaughtered.
“Maybe too much money, too much stress,” she said while wiping away tears.
Under the proposal, the Treasury secretary would have the authority to seize and wind down a struggling institution after consulting with the president and upon the recommendation of two-thirds of the Federal Reserve board.
They feared the copper might have damaged her brain, and wondered if she would be the same Jessa they knew — worldly, unconventional, a poet and musician.
And they are viewed by South Africans of all races with suspicion, occasional pity and xenophobic hostility.
Like many commercial real estate investors, who are spurning risky investments in favor of well-established markets, British and Irish buyers are focusing on locations where they have a long history.
The company said it would acquire JCS Company Ltd., a subsidiary of the Jinsung T.E.C.
Saturdays through Mondays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Public buses were pulled off the streets, and few shops were open, according to a food seller in Ziketan, surnamed Han.
In some cases, banks could not take loan losses as early as they should have, even if they wished to do so.
The Chevron Corporation posted its lowest profit in five years Friday after the global recession cut fuel demand, dragging down energy prices.
As such, he said, “I don’t call this quantitative easing .” The plan was accepted unanimously by the central bank’s governing council, Mr. Trichet said, declining to say whether there had been any divergent views on its scope, or whether it might be increased in size later.
Those who wanted greater coverage could pay for it out of their own pocket.
They spent nearly three hours talking over coffee in Ms. Feinstein’s den.
One of the bidders, Stephen A. Wynn, the Las Vegas gambling and hotel impresario, promptly pulled out .
“Putin will come and the whole city will go back to normal,” said Nadezhda Shamova.
From 1962 to 1981, Mr. Cronkite was a nightly presence in American homes and always a reassuring one, guiding viewers through national triumphs and tragedies alike, from moonwalks to war, in an era when network news was central to many people’s lives.
A dozen people were wounded Thursday when the car sped into people attending a festival for the royal family in the town of Apeldoorn, the Netherlands, then careened into a stone monument Shortly afterwards, the man, who has not been identified by name, admitted that he had aimed his car at the royal family, Dutch officials said, but they gave no details as to a possible motive.
The Olympic champion Yevgeny Plushenko set a world-best total score of 271.59 points in winning his eighth title at the Russian championships in St. Petersburg.
9 a.m. 5) HOP ON Those famous mules?
You get this blob of data points.” She likes that with a GPS device she can reimagine a landscape so imbued with history, patriotism and war.
“No-Drama Obama?” Newsom was quoted as saying in Newsweek earlier this year.
One or the other of them — usually Ms. Zahner — was in graduate school, so they were unable to save much, despite their wish to buy a one-bedroom apartment.
The lines between competition and controversy are again being blurred in the N.B.A.
The lobby is a generic concrete space — a social mixing chamber designed to build anticipation for the main event above.
US Airways and Northwest unit are the only American operators of A330s.
Lebanese citizens who try to sneak into Israel are normally detained, questioned and sent back to Lebanon.
In the 1990s, he gained fame as a rapid-fire trader with an uncanny sense of short-term market moves.
Rather than lose the deal and have the loan denied, the buyer ended up taking the unusual step of borrowing against his retirement plan to make it a cash transaction, and was able to close in two weeks, Mr. Rosabianca said.
“The stuff that’s free-standing, they can’t talk about.” Mr. Granirer countered that Mr. Poor and Mr. St. Lawrence signed an “interim agreement” in 2008 stating that “the parties wish to provide for the contents to remain in the house.” Mr. St. Lawrence has met with Mr. Poor to discuss his donations and sales.
This is not the first time Google’s ambitions have collided with the Justice Department.
And then she stalked off to do some more snooping.
The winner will also need to remember that to lead Ukraine is to balance East and West.
There were handwritten messages on napkins on the bar surrounding a glass poured for him.
FISHER'S ROCKY FINALE With no urgent phone call or text message coming from his pregnant wife, Ross Fisher took to the Ailsa course once more in the crosswind.
Over his last five starts, Pelfrey has pitched seven innings four times.
If a reformed U.S. health care system explicitly accepted rationing, as I have argued it should, QALYs could play a similar role in the U.S.
After making a run to the fourth round at Wimbledon, she upset three Russian establishment figures in New York — Elena Dementieva, Maria Sharapova and Nadia Petrova — before falling to a more precocious teenager, the 9th-seeded Caroline Wozniacki, in an edgy, error-strewn quarterfinal performance that bore little resemblance to the stirring tennis she had produced in earlier rounds.
The Security Council debate represented the first major step in the Palestinian effort to reverse its surprise decision two weeks ago to delay action on the report , which found evidence of Israeli war crimes, at the Human Rights Council in Geneva.
A disheveled-looking Ms. Stewart nervously took questions in front of about 30 television and video cameras.
Several now look truly unrealizable by the target date of 2015.
The teams are divided initially into four groups of three, each team playing the others once.
To hurry things along in its Manhattan shoe department — which will offer more shoes (some 41,000 pairs) than any other Penney’s — the retailer hired shoe runners.
It’s only by dint of momentum, carried along by the economy and beauty of all that came before, that we stick around.
Mattes has written of her own regret about not having had a second child.
This altered state of affairs was particularly in evidence a few weeks ago when Mr. Leadon and a handful of his students paid a visit to Columbus Circle to check out the new Museum of Arts and Design, the Time Warner Center and the circle’s new landscaping.
odd-jobbers working outside the French system, artists, ex-convicts, teachers, tractor drivers and those in services that allow them to work from home.
But now, the country singer John Rich is joining them by venting his frustration over the plight of auto workers and Wall Street bailouts.
The first sets the tone for a warm, deeply felt family saga that has long been fiercely loved by preteen readers (mostly female) and fondly remembered by them in adulthood.
But instead of the bland face of the classic, Jean Paul Gaultier sent out a gutsy show, based on a photograph he saw of Amelia Earhart with a Hermès scarf tied around her aviator outfit.
What to Do Besides snorkeling — the coral reefs around Turks and Caicos are spectacular — one of the best ways to explore the island’s gorgeous coastline is on a kayak.
Some students hired lawyers, while others answered questions alone.
Many analysts argued that the Fiat deal made more commercial sense because consolidation was needed in an industry suffering from overcapacity in the worst sales slump in decades.
Effect on Leagues Major League Baseball may be a test case for middle-of-the-recession fan behavior, more than the N.B.A.
“Everybody says, where’s Part 2 to ‘Street Team?’ Where’s Part 2 to ‘Squeeze?’ ” he said.
WARM is the word for Enzzo’s Trattoria, a peach-hued snuggle of a restaurant that is battling the recession with platters of reasonably priced Italian comfort food.
The museum, which cost $200 million and sits near the base of the Acropolis with a direct view of the Parthenon, is one of the highest-profile cultural projects undertaken in Europe in this decade.
as a person, turn over a new leaf in his life, take care of himself first,” Reese said.
With thousands of loose objects on display, the Materials Center is organized as precisely as a research lab.
But it is less clear what he would have thought about changes wrought by visitors to the remote site, who have, at times, carried off some of the rocks as art souvenirs.
Who can save curious fans and callow sportswriters from total madness?
After all the children and many adults had been decapitated, Tamba Joe, the gang leader, ordered her to look for her people.
STAMFORD Columbus Park “Pops in the Park: The Magic of Mancini,” presented by the Stamford Symphony.
“I don’t mind at all them coming in, although they’re not around long enough to tip.” She admitted that she had never watched “The Sopranos.” “Too violent,” she said.
But every fifth day, they knew Santana would pitch and they would have a good chance to win.
“What kinds of rocks are there?” “There’s a kind of rock that’s made out of lava, right?” she replied.
But an analysis of Congressional districts within those states indicates that those without health insurance are much more likely to live in strongly Democratic Congressional districts.
The wider their majority, the more members Democrats have from swing districts where gun rights are likely to be a prominent issue.
Granted, differences in product and geographical focus make it a little simplistic to talk about a single market for hedge fund services.
Web Sites The following is a compilation of recommendations from the physicians mentioned in this column.
“The market believes this is a management team that can’t and won’t execute,” says Mr. Bakr.
“I heard about it from Massimo,” said Jeremy Udden, a 30-year-old sax player, referring to the acoustic-bass player Massimo Biolcati, who was drawn in by a guitarist who has since moved on.
This would do nothing to force Iran into submission.
Still, that does not mean Burress will be in Florham Park any time soon.
The police force in Yonkers, whose population is about 200,000, is smaller than police departments in some municipalities of a similar size.
How long will it be before just about everyone wants further assistance, and this new form of entitlement spending spins out of control?
 Juniper Park used neuromarketing in a slightly different way.
In remarks published in the Latvian magazine Laiks, which have created quite a stir in the British travel media, Nils Usakovs said that he was tired of boozing bachelors from Britain running amok in Riga.
Predeceased by his sister Selma Ginsberg.
What makes the golfing superstar’s tale compelling, after all, is not that he’s another celebrity in trouble or another fallen athletic “role model” in a decade lousy with them.
Three people will assume the character of Presidents Washington, Lincoln and Roosevelt.
Like about touch and feel and spin.
Nixon signaled that he would support those ideas, as long as Mr. Kennedy’s name was not on the bill, a condition Mr. Kennedy accepted, wrote Adam Clymer, a biographer of Mr. Kennedy and former reporter for The New York Times .
Arnold Schwarzenegger of California, with Dwight Yoakam as the musical guest.
These revolutions are changing how we live, what we think and who we are.
After those works the string writing in Mr. Zhu’s symphony seemed overly gray and astringent, but Chen Tao, a skillful soloist on dizi, a Chinese bamboo flute, provided enough charisma to compensate.
Ms. Wilson, 69, is the founder and president of the White House Project, a nonprofit organization in New York that promotes women’s leadership in business and government.
Although most American students now take longer than four years to complete their degrees, the idea of three-year degrees has been gaining favor in some circles, with several colleges talking about or experimenting with such programs, often involving online courses or summer school.
When he arrived, the paper said: “Permission denied.” “That person who called him to tell him the answer was ready, he knew it was a rejection but he didn’t tell him; he did it to humiliate him,” Mr. Alaskary said.
“Our major economic partners only repeated their limited mitigation commitments,” said Philippe de Buck, the director general of BusinessEurope, a powerful lobby group representing European industry.
The United States economy, which had been rapidly climbing out of the cellar from 1933 to 1936, was kicked rudely down the stairs again, and America experienced the so-called recession within the depression.
In the last year, major commercial stations including WCRB in Boston and WQXR in New York were sold to public radio operators, while KFUO in St. Louis was sold to a Christian broadcaster.
After the 1958 season, Buffalo was invited to play in the Tangerine Bowl in Orlando, Fla.
More important, people would own their insurance policies and thus be able to take them from job to job.
The Mets need more of that, with consistency.
It could become another Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which faced a near-calamity earlier this spring and had to be bailed out at the last minute by state lawmakers.
The already infamous phrase occurred about 150 words in.
MOUNT KISCO, N.Y. Lord knows it’s rough out there in the housing market.
Together, all the seized banks are estimated to account for less than 20 percent of the country’s banking system, dimming some fear that the crisis could infect other areas of Venezuela’s oil -based economy and easing concern of a Dubai-like debt crisis’s happening in Venezuela.
They took $1,200 from the laborers.
“With the endeavor we are taking today, we are hoping to forever eliminate the regime of Rockefeller drug laws ,” Mr. Paterson said at a news conference held in the Capitol to announce the agreement.
Fleming died in July at age 73 and was the first hockey player known to have been tested for the disease, known as C.T.E.
The Eagles and McNabb, their perpetually maligned quarterback, were headed back to the conference championship game, and even a 15-yard unsportsmanlike-conduct penalty on McNabb could not slow them.
First it was thrilling — here was a flavorful, previously unaffordable, fatty-but-healthy fish.
Mr. Graham, of the American Council of Life Insurers, said pricing was also a crucial issue for insurance companies.
He wrote and sang a string of hits in the 1970s and 1980s, including “Baby Hold On,” “Shakin,’ ” “Take Me Home Tonight” and the musical’s title song .
Trade ministers from 36 countries said Friday that they were committed to completing the nearly eight-year-old trade talks known as the Doha round by the end of 2010.
But Dockett said he wanted to run up the score.
The good news for opera companies is that most of those who responded to the survey said they would still go to live performances.
In fact, my son has assured me that this will never happen again because “the police are smart and know how to help people.” Jane Ryan Beck New York, Jan. 24, 2009
“How big?” “Just a little one,” Kristin lied, keeping panic to a minimum.
The Thomas Shortman Training Fund, the arm of a building workers’ union that provides classes to its members, offers a 40-hour class for superintendents on energy-efficient building management ( www.1000supers.com ).
Ms. Tandy won a Tony Award for best actress in a play.
He gave it a detailed history of tyrannical despots at least partly inspired by his parents, and populist uprisings reflecting his own struggles for autonomy.
He listened while I described the cast of characters — the witches and hobgoblins, the skeletons and spirits of the dead, the Grim Reaper and his attendant vultures — and he seemed to understand the basic principles of trick-or-treating.
Their abalone is as local as it gets.
In part because of this, he throws fewer of them on the inside part of the plate, preferring to nibble on the outside corner more than in his flamethrowing past.
BP and the four Russia-connected billionaires who share control of TNK-BP fell out publicly last year in a dispute that spooked foreign investors and led to the departure of many expatriate staff, including the former chief executive, Robert Dudley.
Some Fox Hill residents said the opportunity to own their real estate was far less important to them than the project’s location, setting, services and opportunities for social interaction.
Joyce was an enthusiastic sports fan.
Judge Ronald L. Buckwalter of Federal District Court denied a motion by prosecutors to revoke Mr. Fumo’s bail.
And Novartis, he said, initially was getting only about one-quarter as much vaccine per egg as it typically gets for seasonal vaccine.
American Express, MasterCard, Visa and Discover are accepted.
interrogations with an executive order in July 2007, it reflected the yearlong lobbying of Mr. Bellinger and Ms. Rice: forced nudity was banned, and guidelines for sleep deprivation were tighter.
The street was our playground for football, home run derby, whiffle ball, slug, street hockey.
It is exactly what drew Cathy and Ian Rosenfeld to Port Chester 12 years ago from New Rochelle , their hometown.
But at this point, most people have acquiesced to doing the right thing.”
How many page views could generate the money both Google and the music companies expect?” Music executives dispute that.
While there were no plans for the minister, Manouchehr Mottaki, to meet with any American officials, his curiously timed visit, which was approved by the Obama administration, may help thaw the atmosphere as the administration puts its policy of engagement with Iran to the test.
I didn’t ask her out for dinner.
Because she was early for our interview and already tucked into a booth, I didn’t realize how tall she was until we both stood up, and I watched, from a rather lower vantage, her unfurl her slender six-foot frame.
“For drugs that we are concerned about, that are high risk, this could be a blueprint going forward.” Drug makers and researchers regularly conduct studies called meta-analyses in which they aggregate results from some previous studies of a drug, using the combined information to summarize the benefits and risks of a treatment.
8, Curry said he realized the Knicks might choose somebody else.
Exploring the city, he decided that Harlem was “the most obvious place to live.” He liked the quick subway ride to his Times Square office, the beauty of the area’s historic buildings, and the friendliness of the people he met.
“You have to remember,” said Andy Musser, 71, who was also in the booth that day, “Whitey was the kind of guy that honestly believed he could grab a bat and go down there and get a hit.” Even 17 years into retirement, Ashburn might have succeeded.
San Francisco SOMETIMES it seems as if all of American culture is Edward Hopper territory.
The gaffe was glossed over because the Bulls won in overtime.
Still, I don’t want to pop the shimmering soap bubble of “(500) Days of Summer,” a movie that is, for the most part, as mopily, winningly seductive as the Regina Spektor songs on the soundtrack and at its best as unexpectedly lovely as the views of Los Angeles captured by Mr. Webb and his director of photography, Eric Steelberg.
Howard’s postseason résumé was firmly on the line.
Forty-seven million uninsured Americans are counting on our collective success.
In the coffee table book that accompanies the show, Ms. Buckland argues that rock photography should be viewed like fashion photography, which has received considerable respect in recent decades.
“I love it.” At Bass Pro Shops Outdoor World, the flagship location in a Springfield-based national chain, Marcel Bonetti is the company’s executive chef.
SOUTH NORWALK 22 Haviland Street Gallery “Crossroads, etc.” Mixed-media exhibition.
Seeking to create electronically sustained notes on the guitar, he attached strings and two pickups to a wooden board with a guitar neck.
Michael Martin — Iz the Wiz — died on June 17 in Spring Hill, Fla., where he had moved a few years ago.
A $4,700 increase for this year already took effect on Jan. 1, bringing the annual salary for senators and representatives to $174,000.
Those so tarred include Mrs. Lincoln and Mr. Nelson, both at right.
Among the more ebullient moments in Jazz at Lincoln Center ’s centennial tribute to Benny Goodman at the Rose Theater on Thursday night, one stood out decisively.
Roy Weitz, who runs Fundalarm.com , a mutual fund watchdog, says he likes to keep his investment decisions simple, by avoiding funds of any families that have gotten into trouble in a major scandal.
Mr. Bockman said he believed that the company was a high-end recruiter, with access to a vast “hidden job market,” as he said company officials put it, that gave it connections to positions unavailable to regular job seekers.
APBA (pronounced APP-bah) even has a Hall of Fame (which Cochrane joined this year).
“With those basketball players, it’s only a little net,” Brodeur said, laughing.
But when the Carbon Trust came back with its own calculations, that initial estimate was off by more than 20 percent.
It is hard to believe that every last senator will continue resisting the baubles that are to be bestowed for switching sides.
But that is not the view of Philip R. Sharp, who served 20 years in the House of Representatives as a Democrat from Indiana, and is now president of Resources for the Future, a nonprofit group.
Stretching to about four hours, the program laid out several different angles of attack, running the gamut of intelligence and taste.
The Federal Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied the motion, citing a 1974 Supreme Court case, Alexander v. Gardner-Denver Company.
But the tidal wave of high marks is meaningful in another way: It means the city will pay $27 million in teacher bonuses, almost double the amount paid last year.
David Sogg, a principal bassoonist of the orchestra, joked that the players should announce from the stage that no recording was involved.
To raise cash to shore up the newspaper, the group’s flagship, it has been selling subsidiaries.
The popularity of the Prius is a bright spot in a global auto industry still reeling from the bankruptcies of General Motors and Chrysler.
The first was that, by making every decision on the fly, as we lived amid the change, we didn’t have to work very hard at visualizing each new idea.
Such a move would prompt more travel bans, and the agency has been reluctant historically to take actions that hurt member nations.
It turned out that polio outbreaks were most common in the hot months of summer, when people naturally ate more ice cream, showing only an association, Mr. Grier said.
Checks intended for a particular Neediest agency should be written to and mailed to the agency, noting that it is a Neediest gift.
“My boys are blessed,” Ms. Roby said.
Reservations must be made in advance.
In an interview Thursday, Basso, 31, said that he spent his suspension thinking about how his actions affected his fans and the public.
If the country is moving in a Democratic direction, as Democrats like Bill Clinton have argued, Virginia is on the leading edge of that shift.
The task of sound pipe designers is to maximize pleasant tones while minimizing high-frequency sounds, Mr. Baumann said.
Users can save coupons to their phone to show the cashier.
“So what one swimmer does has consequences for all the swimmers.” The symptoms of crypto resemble those of food poisoning .
We had also been joined by Ngawang, a young monk in red robes from a nearby monastery who was making his first pilgrimage to the lake.
I clicked “Enter.” There before me were all the e-mail messages from university officials, from his tennis coach, from teachers.
I grew up skiing there, brought our kids up skiing there, and when our kids were younger the lift attendants were like a second baby sitter.” Some weekenders are motivated more by the serenity of the landscape than by sports.
“And I can write about guys.” She grew up among brothers, and of her four children — now grown and living in New Rochelle; Bridgeport, Conn.; Chicago; and Dallas — the three youngest were boys.
In a 1750 “peepshow,” six tiny cards have cutout silhouettes of gardeners working vegetable rows ($2,250 at Marlborough Rare Books).
“The majority of the demand in reality is for a round red tomato,” said Wesley Kline, a Cumberland Country agricultural agent with Rutgers Cooperative Extension.
(Any additional charges related to the impairment may be booked over time, or when the assets are sold.)
EARLIER this fall, after a busy month of shuttling to Washington, H. Rodgin Cohen, the dean of Wall Street lawyers, settled into a table upstairs at the Red Hat, a favorite restaurant overlooking the Hudson River here in the Westchester village where he lives.
Since then, he has been able to find work only sporadically — none of it full time — and has fallen about five months behind on his $335,000 mortgage, putting him on the cusp of losing his home.
But despite their friendship, Mr. Rafiq said, in the three years the two were friends he never got around to visiting Mr. Abdulmutallab’s apartment close by.
Favre was off the mark twice more on the next possession, misfiring toward Jaymar Johnson after an apparent route miscommunication and then sending a pass out of everyone’s reach on the pressure by Mays.
But it creeps up on me because the seeds are, naturally, at the core; the seed is the core.
That leaves Duhon, still the Knicks’ best decision-maker and kick-out passer, unable to penetrate defenses consistently.
They are charged $8 a day for a cellphone-like device that clips to a belt, an ankle bracelet and a home charger.
MSNBC executives have decided not to try to create a mini-news network for the Web, although it does stream coverage of major events and breaking stories from NBC and its local stations.
Mr. Ahmadinejad, who was visiting the northeastern city of Mashad, did not attend the speech.
Storm surges in coastal areas of Bangladesh were particularly deadly, disaster officials said, as nearly half a million people sought refuge in temporary shelters.
Reviewing the production in The New York Times, Jack Gould called Mr. Manning’s performance “inventive, versatile and, above all, natural,” adding, “He knows his Shakespeare and truly catches the meaning of the lines.” Mr. Manning’s other television roles include Dean Rutherford, a recurring character on the law-school drama “The Paper Chase.” He made guest appearances on many other shows, among them “Studio One,” “The Mary Tyler Moore Show,” “Here’s Lucy,” “Kojak” and “The Waltons.” His films include “Walk East on Beacon” (1952), “Where’s Poppa?” (1970), “The Owl and the Pussycat” (1970), “The Great Northfield Minnesota Raid” (1972) and “The Great Waldo Pepper” (1975).
Meanwhile, the professionals in the field are relieved that an ineffective, unreliable, unnecessary and destructive program — one that may have given Al Qaeda a second wind and damaged our country’s reputation — is finished.
In America he imagined a world without that kind of conflict, without a past.” Once he got here, Tocqueville was dazzled by the country’s sheer expansiveness, Mr. Brown said, and found in all that physical space a sense of inner space and freedom.
A visa was granted for Iranian wrestlers, and import bans on caviar and rugs were lifted.
to Croatia, and then straight back.
Maine, which has a similar program, gave Dirigo Elementary School in Peru $44,400 worth of sculptures and paintings in the past year for its library, cafeteria and hallways.
Melissa Dixson, 30, a painter, taught herself taxidermy four years ago after developing multiple sclerosis.
So like vampires drawn to the scent of blood, record labels, publishers and artist managers have spent much of the last year aggressively pursuing “The Twilight Saga: New Moon,” the second in the series, which will open in theaters on Nov. 20.
After the exchange of rooks, White’s active queen ensured that he had little to fear.
“People are very anxious to find out and keep asking what is going on,” Ms. Campbell said.
Although not as comprehensive or protective of civil liberties as it could have been, the measure contained some strong fixes to the overly expansive snooping regime.
slipped back in March, to 44.8 from 45.1 in February, snapping a three-month streak of tentative improvement.
To draw crowds, a prominent festival depends on its atmosphere, concert executives say.
By tagging each class of neurons with a gene that makes a fluorescent protein, they could make the dopamine neurons light up and they could trace their circuitry.
“Meatpacking attracts a much more sophisticated, well-heeled customer,” Ms. Consolo said.
Given the economic crash, it was hardly surprising that no one wanted to pay six figures for a portrait of one of the most vilified figures in the world.
He reviewed the Couric video twice last week and found plenty of evidence.
Mr. Sieni has recruited Oltrarno artisans to participate alongside trained dancers in his continuing “Academy on the Art of the Gesture” project — a multifaceted venture in which both professionals and people from other walks of life teach one another culturally specific gestures.
Like others in the Bay Area who have seen paying jobs vanish with the recession, Mr. Horwitz has turned to barter to keep himself employed.
All exhibitions $3 and $5.
Urging these villagers to make roti in a solar cooker meets the same mix of rational and irrational resistance as telling an Italian that risotto tastes just fine if cooked in the microwave.
Global demand for crude oil over the next five years will be lower than previously forecast, failing to return to last year’s levels until 2012 because of sluggish economic growth, the International Energy Agency said on Monday.
JCC MetroWest, 760 Northfield Avenue.
Bromates are regulated by the Safe Drinking Water Act, but officials are required to test for them only when water leaves a treatment plant.
The Lakers ’ Bryant and the Magic’s Howard have each been called for five technical fouls in the playoffs.
to come up with a spiffy new plan to get faster, cheaper broadband to more people if the phone companies fail and millions of people won't be able to dial 911 in an emergency?
“You’re not required to do a 2 percent bump, right?” I asked Mr. Ting.
“I’m going to have a whole lot of purple painted fences.
The popularity of gaming among iPhone users — some 79 percent of all iPhone owners have downloaded games, compared with 31 percent of smartphone users in general, according to data from the Web analytics firm Compete — has game publishers flocking to get their titles on the platform.
NATO ambassadors are a sensitive lot when it comes to protecting their status.
Brokers: Susan E. Goldy; John Edwards.
But he suggested that Mr. Paterson could recover if the White House gave him time, and said the Obama team had not handled this case well.
The planes have become one of the military’s favorite weapons despite many shortcomings resulting from the rush to get them into the field.
Thabeet rushed at Blair before teammates separated them.
Now Hollywood is filled with young actresses, and there is digital technology to make them look good.” Although the first lady, Michelle Obama, and the “Gossip Girl” star Blake Lively have graced the cover of Vogue this year, the May issue features “The Faces of the Moment” photographed by Steven Meisel.
“That has to be put on hold right now.”
Hanging on a wall near the kitchen are plates with an Art Deco floral pattern passed down from her maternal grandmother, who died when Ms. Gannett’s mother was 7 and after whom Ms. Gannett was named.
Here they are: Install Vista Premium and turn on the Aero interface.
This new stadium has no memories yet, no haunting veneer.
“Republicans found out in the 2008 campaign that it’s hard to tar Democrats as a high-tax party when Democrats aren’t for raising taxes.” But in a way they will be for raising taxes next year, at least on the wealthiest Americans, when Mr. Bush’s tax cuts are due to expire.
Offerings are complex transactions: down payments for favors desired and repayments for bounty given.
The plan was intended to reassure the markets and stabilize Citigroup, but plenty of uncertainty remains.
At the end of the central corridor is the master bedroom, which has a raised platform for a bed, and storage space below.
... Ryan Thompson scored 25 points as Rider (11-8) won at St. Peter’s (5-15), 78-67.
In 2008, La Russa wrangled an agreement from McGwire to help.
Eric Schmidt, the chief executive of Google, had just made a presentation inside the museum, announcing that his company would create a virtual copy of the museum’s collections at its own expense, and make images of four millenniums of archaeological treasures available online, free, by early next year.
Without passing judgment on the individuals involved, let us pause to review the details so far on next year’s United States Senate race in New York.
Mr. Trabelsi, a former professional soccer player, was convicted in 2004 in connection with a failed attack on a Belgian Air Force base where American jets were stationed.
She spun numerous Hula-Hoops around her minimal waist and was hoisted by a cable high above the audience, where she spread her legs wider than seemed humanly possible.
True, Mr. Sharpton said, events moved much faster in the case of the Rodney King beating in Los Angeles in 1992, when a federal grand jury indicted four police officers on federal charges of violating Mr. King’s civil rights just three months after a state jury acquitted the same four officers.
His aides say this is no moment for the lofty idealism of the inaugural address, 35 long days and roughly a thousand Dow Jones points ago.
Mr. Straus lived the entirety of his life in New York, and he took great pride in his city and his family.
Five parties were involved: the egg donor, the sperm donor, Ms. Baker and the Kehoes.
An ALDH2-deficient person who has two beers a day has six to 10 times the risk of developing esophageal cancer as a person not deficient in the enzyme.
In March, A. O. Scott wrote in The New York Times that “Watchmen” is a “grim and grisly excursion into comic-book mythology.” (Warner, Blu-ray $35.99, two-disc standard definition $34.98, single disc $28.98, R) CORALINE A lonely girl is drawn into a disturbing alternate world in Henry Selick’s animated adaptation of the children’s book by Neil Gaiman.
Updates made during the renovation include a modernized kitchen and en suite bathroom (there is an additional half bath) and parquet oak floors throughout the apartment.
The fundamental dynamic is disillusionment.
Most of G.M.’s preferred shares are actually senior notes or “quarterly interest bonds ,” which means you will be treated as a bondholder, according to Marilyn Cohen, president of Envision Capital Management.
''Simple and basic,'' was Ms. Hinton's assessment.
And, for Kenneth D. Lewis , it has become a nagging, multibillion-dollar headache.
When the European Union is united and strong, as on trade matters, Washington listens, the report says; when it is split, as over Russia and many other foreign and defense issues, where national governments act individually, “Europeans are asking to be divided and ruled.” While Mr. Obama is personally sympathetic and even “European” in his policy choices, the report argues, “Europeans miss the implications of the self-avowed pragmatism” of his administration, which wants “to work with whoever will most effectively help it achieve the outcomes it desires.”
As the crew lowered the flaps to the intended setting for landing, 15 degrees, a system that warns of impending stall activated, followed by a system that takes control and pushes the nose down, to assure adequate speed.
Within two hours, a crane and a bulldozer were rumbling to the scene, followed by teams of cleanup workers dressed in fluorescent orange jackets.
What they have done, though, is submit applications to other colleges — more than 30 applications, collectively.
“Newspapers forwent actual, independent reporting, and instead relied on this organization to do the dirty work for them,” Mr. Rangel wrote.
So in a way, Mr. Springsteen could identify with the place, and he did — at least half-seriously — in “Wrecking Ball,” a robust, guitar-strumming song he wrote to start off each of his five final concerts at the stadium.
The Board of Directors and staff of P.S.
“It’s harder and harder to make a living down there,” he said.
Wallace has been rejuvenated by his return to Detroit, providing the same contributions that helped them win the 2004 championship and push the San Antonio Spurs to seven games in the 2005 finals .
That’s what Nancy Elkind, a lawyer from Denver, discovered in Paris when she wanted to use the popular Vélib’ bicycle rental system on a weeklong vacation with her husband last spring.
THE HOSPITAL FOR BAD POETS By J. C. Hallman.
Devine preached that Africans were the true descendants of the biblical Hebrews, and that Jesus, the Messiah, was a black man.
Faced with this lack of consensus, policy makers define good education as higher test scores.
How do you create a television show when you are a Web-based communication tool that allows people to send messages of no more than 140 characters?
Eight-month-old babies were shown a box full of mixed-up Ping-Pong balls: mostly white but with some red ones mixed in.
“I didn’t care for the explanation, just leave it at that,” Girardi said.
All it takes is selected battlefield footage and a little ad hoc encouragement: a jihadist chat group here, a radical imam there — whether in your local mosque or on a Web site in your local computer.
In many gas fields, said Roger Fernandez, a senior methane expert at the E.P.A., fluid-clogged wells are still purged the old-fashioned way, by opening valves or using outdated equipment in ways that release a misty burst of gas directly into the air.
A checkpoint staffed by Kurdish military forces on the highway between Erbil, Iraqi Kurdistan’s capital, and Mosul was recently moved closer to Mosul.
In September, scientists reported an unexpected finding that most of the surface, not just the polar regions, might be covered with a thin veneer of water .
But if you tell them about your second job, you have to also promise — and deliver on the promise — that your productivity will not be affected by it,” said Mr. Keating.
Researchers said it was possible that the nicotine in tobacco bound to melanin, which gives skin its color.
The Time Warner test is one of several signs that the recession-weakened television industry is re-evaluating its plan for bringing TV to the Web.
Teachers’ unions initially ignored charter schools or viewed them as the enemy, but as the charters grew in size and influence, the unions’ feelings warmed somewhat.
Even so, Dr. Frieden said the disease centers would carefully monitor miscarriage rates to determine whether the new vaccine had any such effect.
Of the 35 Americans hospitalized, 7 were known to have other health problems, Dr. Besser said.
I know I feel it.” Of the Mets’ 15 hits Wednesday, 10 went to the opposite field, and in all they hit 14 balls that way.
The Western nations calculated that it would take about a year for Iran to replace the uranium.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY VINCENT LAFORET/THE NEW YORK TIMES); Joe DiMaggio scored past Ernie Lombardi in Game 4 as the Yankees swept the Reds in 1939.
(Carrie Preston is also marvelous in a few scenes as a Burkett & Randle employee who falls for Mr. Owen in his purest and slyest Cary Grant moment.)
Kirk Kerkorian, the investor who controls MGM Mirage through his company Tracinda, has committed to buying 10 percent of the issuance.
The decision is expected to clear the way for the trial of Mr. Karadzic, the former Bosnian Serb leader, who was arrested in July 2008 after spending years in hiding.
Lawyers for the Norwegians, however, were not hopeful about the outcome of that appeal.
The doctor, a recent widower, had not left Gaza since the Israeli assault began last month and was at home in the Jabaliya refugee camp with his eight children and other family members during the attack on Friday.
According to “The Great Influenza: The Epic Story of the Deadliest Plague in History,” John M. Barry’s history of the epidemic, the first identifiable cases arose in Haskell County, in Kansas.
Only on his way down did he see the ball escaping, like Humpty Dumpty about to splatter to earth, perfection in the balance.
He said that the state would pay an additional $625,000 to resolve a case filed in the Court of Claims.
On visiting the sites, the researchers found that both had colonies of wild pigeons, which was probably what caught the homing pigeons’ interest.
Iran had promised a review of the case on appeal and insisted that Ms. Saberi would be allowed to provide a full defense.
It is a war movie, but the war, unlike in most films about Iraq and Afghanistan, is completely off screen; nothing explodes, and flashbacks to Baghdad or Tikrit do not occur.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, a Republican, said he believed “that one day either the people or courts will recognize gay marriage.” But Mr. Schubert said it was unlikely that gay rights groups would get the turnout seen in the 2008 election, when enthusiasm for Barack Obama’s presidential bid drew voters to the polls.
The session also quickly became a proxy for a larger struggle over the court.
Once again, there was no protection from cancer, and there were hints the supplements might be causing cancer.
He pays most of the rent and arranged it so that each man has his own room.
Twenty-two years later, officials can point to 309,846 apartments built, rehabilitated or preserved for low- and moderate-income residents — one of the greatest urban rebuilding feats in the nation’s history.
Jeffrey Schumacher joined Sports Authority, Englewood, Colo., in a new post, chief marketing officer and chief strategy officer.
They say the proposal goes too far in shifting money to unconventional warfare from the weapons needed to deter and defeat an enemy nation.
“But the question is can it bring in a younger audience to help me young up my donor base.”
In those demonstrations, tens of thousands of red-shirted protesters converged on central Bangkok and called for the resignation of Prime Minister Abhisit.
And every time I returned to the United States, my friends in India would want me to purchase items for them and then bring those items back to India.
The show, which runs until September, is part of the International Year of Astronomy, celebrating 400 years of modern astronomy.
He has not been paid in three months, he said.
We should negotiate to peel off some Taliban commanders and draw them over to our side, while following the old Afghan tradition of “leasing” those tribal leaders whose loyalties are for rent.
“At least now all the images are gathered in one spot,” Mr. Keylon said.
He practiced in the sweltering heat and humidity, which pushed his body temperature to 108.8 degrees.
Jaffna, where Mr. Prabhakaran was born, is the center of what separatists call Eelam, a region in which the rebels want to create a separate state for the mostly Hindu Tamils, who make up 12 percent of Sri Lanka’s population of 21 million.
Through his lawyers, Mr. Stevens declined to be interviewed.
A suspect, Felipe Rivera-Cruz, 51, was taken into custody and charged with second-degree murder and possession of a weapon, the police said.
Chongqing is the largest metropolitan area in the country, with a population of more than 30 million.
And that was it, really.
“Egan invented a completely new romantic type of Irish harp, which was very successful, and which formed the basis of all subsequent revivals.” Egan accomplished that, said Nancy Hurrell, a board member of the Historical Harp Society in the United States, by combining the tuning mechanisms and pliable strings featured on pedal harps popular in Europe with a size and shape that strongly evoked the more musically limited traditional Irish harp — or clàrsach — which is a symbol of the Irish state and is associated in legend with Brian Boru, a storied Irish king who ruled in the 10th and 11th centuries.
It is thin, fragile, lonely and encircled by granite stumps.
It’s not as startling a swerve as 1991’s “Achtung Baby,” on which U2 reinvented itself after the earnest ’80s with irony and electronic beats.
At the highest elevation of Pine Mountain, the Mountain Top Inn and Resort has 30 modern log cabin vacation homes and room for 100 more on privately owned land surrounded by the Roosevelt State Park.
He conducted much of the state’s business from his Chicago offices and, in recent months, from his home on the North Side, traveling only occasionally to the capital city downstate.
When he arrived on April 1, 1968, the bank was lending about $1 billion a year.
Never lose track of yourself, your time, your world; otherwise you’ll be an anxious blob, mainlining Blue Note records from 1959 and making irrelevant music.
It’s occurring under the soil and involves fungi, bacteria, microbes and roots, which are now fed with compost and compost tea rather than pesticides and synthetic nitrogen.
“We must prepare for the possibility that the stalemate will continue.” Mr. Díaz did not sign the letter but released a statement expressing support.
The current picked up as the river drove us through the funnel, waves far larger than our dinky craft dragging us up and down, smashing into us sideways.
They form clumps that will eventually turn into limb bones.
Mr. Pollan teaches journalism at the University of California, Berkeley, and is among a group of authors who have tapped into a wide audience for books that encourage local or organic foods while detailing what they view as health and environmental risks of processed foods and large-scale agriculture.
That was the same year he arrived in the United States, and he turned then to being a trainer.
The pearl-gray colossus, one of two former New York Dock Company loft buildings, is not much to look at now, housing piles of dust and detritus as it looms over the weeds and gritty businesses of Imlay Street.
(Imagine the plea: I'm sorry, sir, my microbes made me do it.)
Women became more willing to do volunteer work and perform other acts of conspicuous charity — a signal of high conscientiousness and agreeableness, like demonstrating your concern for third world farmers by spending extra for Starbucks’s “fair trade” coffee.
officials in Nigeria also prepared a separate report compiling biographical information about Mr. Abdulmutallab, including his educational background and the fact that he was considering pursuing academic studies in Islamic law in Yemen.
Plan B became Plan A.
He was beloved by former students and colleagues alike and is seen as having provided the core "dna" for what is one of the nation's top programs in labor and employment relations.
1 ranking they held for two weeks.
The EyeVio site, which Mr. Stringer called “Sony’s quiet software revolution,” was intended to let users upload video from their Sony camcorders and digital cameras and then download clips to their Sony TVs, mobile phones or Walkmans.
2, “The Cranning” (2005), refers to an ornament used in traditional Irish music that is the engine driving this work’s finale.
Some pretty dazzling images were on those screens.
A. I would like to stress that we are open for constructive dialogue with the N.H.L.
Fox said “Stossel” would include news segments and conversations about “libertarian issues in the United States and abroad,” including free-market economics and civil liberties.
He said he was also inspired by a pregame visit from Polly Tompkins, 38, a schoolteacher from Candor, N.Y., who is fighting melanoma, breast cancer and pancreatic cancer.
Though he is still the same liberal lion, committed to economic justice and civil rights, many political insiders believe him to be arrogant and solipsistic, qualities not likely to endear him to voters.
Armey and FreedomWorks will move on from opposing health care reform to fighting against the cap-and-trade approach to limiting greenhouse-gas emissions — and from there to organizing opposition to any Democratic measure that, in his view, threatens to increase the size of the federal government, raise taxes or curb individual liberties.
John Lynch , who lives in neighboring Hopkinton, there, Ms. Leahy said.
PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY LARRY WATSON/FOX)
Tuesday at 2 p.m. $3.
The president did not expect the chief justice to show such courage and stubbornness.
He needed to know every move, every countermove.
''For us to say that you've got to take a responsibility to get health insurance, is absolutely not a tax increase.''
On Lap 2, 16 minutes and 43 seconds into the journey, Barnaby executed his first poop, against the stair post of 658 Warren Street (sorry).
Andy Pettitte tracked the Yankees ’ moves this winter with a mix of excitement and confusion.
The losses, Mr. Souza said, have been countered somewhat by increases in shows at events like Major League Baseball games.
With the Senate Finance Committee on track to approve its health care legislation on Tuesday, Democratic leaders are turning to the tricky task of melding that bill with an alternate measure approved by the health committee in July.
Happy Birthday my beautiful Den.
From 1961 to 1969, he served as Chief, Diagnostic Radiology at Philadelphia General Hospital, Associate Radiologist at Hahnemann Medical College and Hospital, and Research Assistant Professor of Physiology and Biophysics, also at Hahnemann, pursuing his many research interests especially those involving cardiac modeling, nosocomial infection, and the physics necessary for the continued evolution of diagnostic radiology technology.
Days after a cease-fire was declared on July 27, 1953, guards told Captain Fischer that the Korean War was over.
Married to the late Daniel Moffat, Jr., she is survived by; her children, Marilyn Moffat Salant and Barbara Moffat Detmore and her husband John; grandchildren; greatgrandchildren; great-greatgrandchildren; and many friends.
It shows courtesy and compassion, not dishonesty, for you to concur if a patient expresses hope for a happy outcome with a “God willing.” If, however, a patient deliberately engaged you in philosophical inquiry, seeking your views on whether God intervenes in a surgical crisis, for instance, or if prayer affects recovery rates, then you could respond honestly and, of course, civilly, or you could choose to tactfully decline the question as beyond your purview.
Mr. van Bloemendaal of Travel Leaders warns, “Prices will go up as the economy improves, and these specials will be a memory.”
When it starts doing real physics after the holidays, the collider will be running at half power.
Ms. Bynum did not claim plagiarism, as her work was openly cited in the book by Ms. Jenkins and Mr. Stauffer, but criticized only the way that it had been used.
Their association lasted until 2007, when Mr. Kovacs died of pancreatic cancer.
He handed me a large, empty water bottle.
A perfectionist in every way, Ms. Chang wore outfits that were as feminine and coordinated as a figure skater’s.
They’d point to a spot and think, How did Mickey hit it that far?
“I told Cosell we had no money to develop untried talent, but if he would get a sponsor, we’d put him on the air, assuming I’d never hear from him again,” Mr. Pauley told a local newspaper in North Carolina in 2004.
“But the guys in the bullpen are very capable of putting up zeros.
Steve Bartlett Washington, May 11, 2009 The writer is president and chief executive of the Financial Services Roundtable.
We’ve been around since 1887.” With just $200 million in assets, Community Mutual is small enough that for all of Westchester there are only two residential lending officers.
Beth Fertig, a reporter for WNYC public radio , weighs in with more grist in “Why cant U teach me 2 read?
(Universal, Blu-ray $29.98, standard definition two-disc edition, $19.98, R) 12 ROUNDS The professional wrestler John Cena takes another shot at movie stardom with this police thriller set in New Orleans, where he’s a local cop on the trail of an international terrorist (Aidan Gillen).
Among the most sought-after is the local purveyor Espresso Vivace (227 Yale Avenue North, 206-388-5164; www.espressovivace.com ), where workers belly up to the marble bar for Northern Italian-style roasts ($1.75 to $3.80), served in a handsome cafe bedecked with mosaic-tiled renditions of latte art.
Annual fees have also climbed for credit cards with reward programs, to 140 Australian dollars a year for gold cards that carry rewards, up from 98 dollars before regulation of interchange fees.
was a notorious organization linked to the gulags.
They see ‘we’ve got somebody our age we can look up to.’ TMB represent the new demographic.” But don’t tell the Martinez Brothers that.
Analysts said stocks were likely to drift as investors awaited comments about the economy and interest rates from the Federal Reserve, which wraps up its last policy meeting of the year on Wednesday.
“Early on I decided I would see if I could make a career work on my own terms,” Mr. Rudd said.
“They believe they created MTV, and will say they revived Apple,” said Mr. Goldberg, speaking about the music industry in general.
Some lawmakers have called the overhaul a betrayal of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, founder of Iran’s Islamic Revolution, who promised, “We will build real estate, make water and power free, and make buses free.” Even those who favor an overhaul tend to distrust Mr. Ahmadinejad’s ability to carry out such vital economic surgery.
“But sadly, there also are still many vendors who have very inflated ideas of the superlative quality of their properties, which actually are not that special.
I looked across the street.
Foot name, a kind of franchise he developed after opening a podiatry practice in 1977.
This year, residents got together to patch up the battered soccer field, the sole source of recreation for many of the local children.
Jerry Reese, the Giants’ general manager, knows him well.
On Tuesday, he promised to reduce the rate of growth in carbon dioxide emissions between now and 2020 by a “notable margin” — at which point, he implied, China would seek to reduce them in absolute terms.
To be effective, governance must fit conditions that vary between countries.
A second ices vendor enters, also setting up shop inside the playground’s cast-iron fence.
Ms. Polgar said in an interview in August that “the messages were public knowledge; they were on the Internet.” On June 25, the federation, contending that the e-mail messages had been stolen, filed a lawsuit in San Francisco Superior Court seeking subpoenas to force Internet service providers to turn over the protocol addresses that had been used to gain access to the board’s e-mail accounts.
And yet there are a few voices of reason and integrity left in this upside-down world.
This may be discouraging to people like me, but it is a source of fascination for behavioral scientists.
But to cook Mr. Mallmann’s trademark rib-eye, modestly called “A Perfect Steak,” all you need is medium-high heat, with a grill set about two inches above the embers.
(The site has a policy against posting pornographic pictures, but it does not seem to be enforced very vigorously.)
After missing the end of last season with a knee injury, he looks fresh and intimidating.
This characterization of the crisis conveniently gives forecasters a free pass.
In retirement Mr. Isham became a senior editor at Doubleday publishing the memoirs of Andrei Gromyko, Soviet Foreign Minister during the more tense time of the cold war and authored two important books in 1995 and in 2001 introducing new Russian writers to the world.
These days Mr. Kaufman keeps busy knocking around the neighborhood and bowling in a league at Gil Hodges Lanes in Mill Basin.
But in March, some of Mr. Obama’s economic advisers indicated that he might be open to the idea.
Bertheau and Nystrom were fourth and Fallenius and Fredin sixth.
“Sprint will remain in full control of the network,” Mr. Elfman said in a conference call with reporters and securities analysts.
LYS McLAUGHLIN PIKE and the Rev.
“We’ve got dim sum on the weekend,” said John Burke, 36, proprietor of Mr. Yen’s.
Mr. Obama will use the announcement to bolster the impression of a sharp break from the Bush era on all fronts, following his decisions last week to close the detention facility at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba ; tighten limits on interrogation tactics by Central Intelligence Agency officers; order plans to withdraw combat forces from Iraq ; and reverse President George W. Bush ’s financing restrictions on groups that promote or provide abortion overseas, administration officials said.
Whatever it is, there is no diet on earth — anti-sugar, anti-calorie, anti-fat, anti-stomachache — that permits it.
Unfortunately, there are many people out of work right now.
Sometimes, I see a person and I say, “Wow, you smell great.” I love loud colors.
The outcome highlights the broader issue of trying two or more defendants at the same time with separate juries.
Other times, several dozen people populate the place.
Cultural and informational programs had been Mr. Kiermaier’s focus in his years as vice president of public affairs at CBS.
(In Israeli society, they are a growing force, distinct from, and more modern than, the black-garbed ultra-Orthodox, who are excused from military service.)
As investigators continued searching Wednesday for causes of the worst rail accident in the city’s history, family and friends of the victims tried to deal with their losses.
Moreover, because the schedules include only phone calls made through Mr. Paulson’s office at Treasury, they provide only a partial picture of his communications.
His name is bound to pop up because he was widely admired in a city where Democrats outnumber everyone else by roughly a zillion to one.
All you know is that when they are small, you send them off to safe, controlled places, like summer camp, to learn a little bit about being on their own.
Week in Review, Page 7 EXIT, STONEWALLING True to its mania for secrecy, the Bush administration is leaving behind vast gaps in the most sensitive White House e-mail records, information that deserves to be part of the permanent historical record.
“My mom joked about calling an album ‘Back in the Basement,’ ” Ms. Tindale said.
At the end of four days of voting from the Mediterranean to the fringes of the Arctic Circle, the center-right looked likely to keep its majority in the European Parliament, an institution with growing powers but a low profile in the 27-nation European Union.
Texas, which is projected to gain three seats after the 2010 census, would get only one.
But the real opening occurred the following day, extending right through Saturday night into Sunday evening in a 31-hour marathon that drew 15,000 visitors.
Last spring, at 54, while he was repairing his dump truck, his shirt got caught in the drive shaft and he suffocated.
He left the University of Minnesota in 1953 and continued his research with support from local sponsors and grants from the Public Health Service.
So Marshall visited practice on Friday to personally hand over the title.
After many hours of depositions and several years in federal court, the case was thrown out by Judge Lawrence M. McKenna in January.
Funeral Mass Saturday, 10:30am at Our Lady of the Snows RC Church.
1934 Einstein Says He May Be Wrong PITTSBURGH Rejecting a long-accepted idea based on his own theory of relativity, Professor Albert Einstein, in an address today [Dec. 28], publicly admitted that the universe might be infinite, after all, and that space was not limited or finite, as the relativity theory dictated.
Like Mr. Bach they use a heat pump to draw warmth from the ground to heat their rooms.
It was the biggest out of the Tigers’ season.
I am horrified and shocked at the way our political leadership and legal fraternity is behaving.” Mr. Qureshi said the Supreme Court ruling last month that declared Mr. Musharraf’s emergency rule illegal and unconstitutional was “questionable itself.” “Legal ethics demanded that the judges should not have been part of the Supreme Court bench as they themselves were involved,” he said.
“If it were to shrink, there is no doubt it would have serious consequences for our standard of living.” Stability will not return soon.
“The game is the biggest thing in the world right now, they tell me.” Peering over his rectangular tinted glasses, Starr admitted that he’d tried to play Rock Band only once: “It’s impossible.
Some protesters held up copies of the Koran and shouted: “On Gaza we will march, martyrs by the millions, we are all Hamas.” Others chanted: “Rule by the Koran.” The Arab League is trying to put together an initiative to help end the fighting in Gaza and restore the cease-fire, and Egypt has asked the aid of Turkey, which has close ties to Israel.
Stringer said she had not thought much about the end of the line, about how much the Rutgers fans may help them Monday, about whether the Scarlet Knights should be considered an underdog.
This week’s “dash” featured a $697 Burberry handbag, marked down from $1,395.
Penguin Group USA can only hope ''Night'' equals the success of ''Now and Then,'' above left, the author's 35th entry about the exploits of the detective Robert Spenser.
I know about “you knows.” I use that verbal crutch myself, a bad habit that develops from shyness and reticence about public speaking.
DESIGNING your own vacation home can be an overwhelming, frustrating and exciting project.
Mr. Low and another plaintiff, Paul Keating, whose 72-year-old mother, Barbara, was a passenger on Flight 11, said they would oppose any settlement offer that did not remove the court secrecy.
In June, when the Anglican Church in North America was constituted, there were 702 congregations.
So even if all content doesn't have to be free, it may well have to be cheap.
“Take it away,” Dr. Milteer said.
Temasek made 16 billion dollars worth of divestments during the last financial year — including selling a stake in Bank of America at an estimated loss of more than 2.83 billion dollars, a decision for which it received much flak.
Michael and I had taken the train from Connecticut a little after 8 a.m., Yankees fans crowding in at every stop to Grand Central.
Michael Thompson scored 16 for short-handed Northwestern.
I manage the back end of it: the planning, the record keeping, the farm plan.
Justice William M. Erlbaum denied requests by news media organizations to make the tapes public before trial.
Or it can be, as it is in this very unusual teenager’s case, the expression of a deep spiritual impulse — the urge to sanctify something in the world you have been given.
Supporters of the law say that it finally regulates a sector that had existed in a confused legislative status for years.
“We’ve got a long way to go,” he said.
None of the cities showed month-to-month improvements.
“It’s whatever it is across — 33 feet — squared, and then it’s twice that, because the second story has the same measurements as the first,” Mr. Aaron said the other day.
“It comes in at 2 hours 39 minutes and 53 seconds,” he said.
Hundreds of families descend on the Kimbell Art Museum in Fort Worth, Tex., for its quarterly family festivals, where they can create art, dance, listen to music and take part in other activities related to the museum’s exhibits.
Against four spades, West led the heart ace and continued with another heart, which South ruffed.
“Why don’t we have a global fund for maternal health, like the one for TB , malaria and AIDS ?” Dr. Massawe asked.
Another New Yorkish team grabs some N.F.L.
I’ve done ethics consults for hospitals where patients have been in the I.C.U.
Game-watching here is in the old-fashioned style, with no animals accustomed to performing.
In May, a plane belonging to a Brazilian company, TAM Airlines, lost airspeed and altitude data while flying from Miami to São Paulo, Brazil.
Parents looking for activities can select a destination and travel radius, specify price and age ranges, and choose an activity category.
Just two days before the New York Fed paid A.I.G.’s partners 100 cents on the dollar to tear up their contracts with the insurance giant, one bank volunteered to take a modest haircut — but it never got the chance.
But the president’s in political hot water already.
As food processing became more sophisticated and lucrative, peanut butter worked its way into more products.
His father was the president of a union local that represented railway car welders.
But they are also aware that the tide is beginning to run against them.
Skeptics of so-called reform have long warned that these laws seek to limit or silence political speech that those in office find unwelcome.
Feb. 5: The eastern division of the American Cancer Society's Asian Initiatives unit held a reception to encourage Asians to be tested and treated for cancer.
To the Editor: Re ''Taking Innovation Beyond the 'Aha' '' (Unboxed, March 1), about the move toward electronic medical records: How to make a successful medical record?
“From the long-term perspective, it is essential to ensure the right military balance inside NATO in order to make sure that the Americans will still consider NATO a military alliance which is relevant for them,” Mr. Rasmussen said.
This is not the stuff of revisionist history seeking to topple great men from their plinths, but a dutiful account that buffs them to a gleaming finish intended to leave the onlookers oohing and aahing in admiration.
I was unprepared for such a collective reaction.
Eaton scored 20 and had seven assists.
By early next month, his company, the Penske Automotive Group , is expected to complete its acquisition of Saturn from G.M.
Nothing like a trip abroad to broaden fashion horizons.
That’s called “Old Europe .” That’s spelled: S-T-U-P-I-D. “If you do this, it will be one of the best things for India and one of the worst for Americans, [because] Indians will be forced to innovate at home,” said Subhash B. Dhar, a member of the executive council that runs Infosys, the well-known Indian technology company that sends Indian workers to the U.S. to support a wide range of firms.
Revised and updated, the book was republished in 1992 with the title “The Rise and Fall of the American Left.” “Up From Communism,” by contrast, described the intellectual journey of four doctrinaire leftists — Max Eastman, John Dos Passos, Will Herberg and James Burnham — who shook off their original faith and embraced conservatism.
But by the early 1950s, Rossellini had turned his back on neorealism in favor of a detached, philosophical approach (“Voyage to Italy,” 1954) that made him, along with Michelangelo Antonioni and Ingmar Bergman, a founding figure of the modernist European cinema of angst and alienation.
It was unlike other chocolate bars.
This is good news for me, because it assures that I have plenty to write about.
“The kids in the front row will actually get sea lion kisses on the cheek,” Ms. Fitzgerald said.
But what could have been a melodramatic dead spot is biblical and prophetic because of the rugged integrity of Weisgall’s music.
“But Philadelphia fans fully love them.
The arrests of protesters who seized a building at the New School on Friday turned into something of a race to YouTube, as sharply contrasting videos recorded by the police and civilians conveyed vastly different impressions of what was going on — and, more specifically, just who was doing what to whom.
I’m here to play baseball.” Reyes is friendly with another dynamic shortstop being moved to No.
Other than direct coercion, the best way to convince people to consume less fossil fuel is to slap a sufficiently high price on carbon — either through a tax or a cap-and-trade regime.
In an era of “bailout fatigue,” it’s important to note how the F.D.I.C.
For the last 30 years, politics in the Middle East and the Muslim world has, in many ways, been a struggle between their competing visions.
Family will be receiving friends at Campbells Funeral Chapel on Sunday, March 29 5pm-7pm.
Gang violence as a percentage of total homicides has barely budged, however.
They are geared toward those 55 or older, who not only cook dinner for themselves but, residents say, regularly strike downward-facing-dog poses in on-site yoga classes.
mainframe computers commanded pride of place in corporate headquarters.
It came off perfect, couldn’t come off any better than that.” His ball came to a quick stop on the green, some 18 feet from the hole.
So began the surreal journey of the 76-year-old Mr. Ravitch, who was perfectly content spending his golden years attending meetings of the various boards he sits on, running his investment consulting firm and honing his skills as an amateur woodworker.
Also, an interactive map provides options of where to stay, what to do and where to eat in the city.
There are good reasons for making the shots mandatory for all health care personnel.
“It suggests the selfishness of people on Wall Street,” said Charles Elson, a corporate governance expert at the University of Delaware, who sounded pretty outraged himself.
His decision last month to replace the two co-heads of the investment banking division with a single leader, James E. Staley, raised concern within the ranks.
Most colleges would probably use the funds to buy computers, but doing so would violate the bequest, she said.
After the election, the governor has to make a decision.” It’s no surprise that this debate heated up again during election season, said Ingrid W. Reed, director of the New Jersey Project at Rutgers University’s Eagleton Institute of Politics .
And then we should get back to work to complete the unfinished business of making America a more perfect union.
Even in Japan, which is mired in its deepest recession in decades, the central bank’s governor, Masaaki Shirakawa, struck an upbeat note after a rate-setting meeting on Tuesday.
Students’ majors and credit scores don’t matter.
''It's an awfully big locker room.
He was released and never charged.
Mr. Move understands the beauty in strength, and in this glimmer of an artist reacting to two potent muses — Ms. Crockett and Graham — he produces a work of blistering authenticity.
Where “Rabbit, Run” plays out its present-tense narrative in domestic working-class squalor, its three sequels, published in 10-year intervals, encompass the later 20th-century American experience: “Rabbit Redux” (1971) the cultural turmoil of the 1960’s; “Rabbit Is Rich” (1981) the boom years of the 1970’s, and “Rabbit at Rest” (1991) in the time of what Rabbit calls “Reagan’s reign,” with its trade war with Japan, its AIDS epidemic and the terror bombing of Pan Am 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland.
He usually stocks up on poster board and drawing paper, markers and pens, binders, and sometimes cups, fake coins and other props for skits in his classes at the Lilla G. Frederick Pilot Middle School in Boston.
At least four other soldiers have pleaded guilty or were convicted in military courts for their roles in the rape and murders.
She was largely responsible, for example, for the Public Theater’s eye-opening 1990 revival of Sophie Treadwell’s 1928 play “Machinal,” in which she also starred.
He had prepared remarks for a conference that morning, but didn’t get to air many of them.
Beloved wife of the late Charles E. Drimal, Sr. Loving mother of Lynn (Wayne) Lippert, Charles, Jr. (Sandra) and Craig (Arlene) Drimal.
“He was an absolutely tough taskmaster; he didn’t brook any excuses,” said Frank J. Macchiarola, who as schools chancellor appointed Mr. Mickens to Boys and Girls High.
“We have to keep the ministry alive,” he said.
As my brain tumor got worse, my government health care system told me I had to wait six months to see a specialist.” Ultimately, Ms. Holmes says, she obtained treatment in the United States.
Still, I loved the idea of combining such different food and wine.
Both thrive on changing styles and tastes.
Pennsylvania ROOTS PICNIC Festival Pier at Penn’s Landing, Philadelphia, June 6.
They involve, first, vital national interests and, second, a lack of viable alternatives to the use of military force to protect those interests.
If you just tell people what you are doing and you’re not Shaq, people won’t care.
Or maybe everyone is stuffed from eating Rocky Mountain oysters.
Last fall the museum devoted itself to politics, matching Rockwell’s Saturday Evening Post portraits of presidential candidates with work by the political satirist Steve Brodner, who covered the 2008 presidential campaign for The New Yorker.
At 7:30 p.m., Joe’s Pub, at the Public Theater, 425 Lafayette Street, at Astor Place, East Village , (212) 539-8778, joespub.com ; cover, $20, with a two-drink minimum.
But if ingenious austerity has replaced mindless opulence on main-stem stages, no one bothered to alert “9 to 5.” Dolly Parton and Patricia Resnick’s musical adaptation of the 1980 movie about three women’s revenge on their sexist boss piles on the flashy accessories like a prerecession hedge funder run amok at Barney’s.
“I don’t know how I’m going to cover the team anymore.” Rubin, in his seventh season covering the Mets, said he had spoken with Jeff Wilpon, the team’s chief operating officer, and even Minaya about how to find a player-development job with a major league team.
But prices have stayed relatively flat despite the economic downturn.
Blooms there have severely reduced fish populations and turned wild streams into sludge pits.
These may well be achievable goals.
I have a background in psychology and am the mother of a 5-year-old who received a diagnosis in January, and the more time we spend with other children on the autism spectrum, the more I sense that there is a true difference, if mainly qualitative.
The American military would not give details of the crash, beyond saying it had not appeared to result from hostile action.
HARTFORD The Russell The Love Jones Experience, poetry, spoken word and music.
In our time, we have learned that tropical deforestation is linked to as much as 15 percent of the world’s global warming pollution, largely due to the release of carbon dioxide, one of several “greenhouse gases” that trap and re-radiate terrestrial heat.
The depth of that backlash may be evident on Thursday, when the opposition, which has been fragmented, hopes to stage mass demonstrations that will lead to the removal of Mr. Saakashvili.
Mr. Silverstein, however, has argued that the authority’s proposal would leave much of the site unfinished and perhaps unoccupied.
But a parallel case has since dogged Mr. Zuma, who now faces 16 counts of fraud, racketeering and money laundering stretching over a number of years.
A spokesman for the local Dongguan government here said that they were strictly enforcing the new law.
She was married five times.
borders, have been required to sell the songs at different prices in different countries, a reflection of varying copyright fees.
He was assured of the financial support of the Royal Danish Ballet on one condition: The director, Flemming Flindt, wanted his company to dance Mr. Taylor’s “Aureole.” “No,” Mr. Taylor said.
After reading Casson’s comments four weeks ago regarding an N.F.L.-sponsored phone survey that indicated rates of dementia and other cognitive disease — Casson said that phone surveys were inaccurate and that the players’ answering that they had been diagnosed with a disease was not reliable — Carson said he would no longer recommend that fellow players see him.
A fountain at the center of the terrace and a border of potted plants are just the beginnings of a planned, more elaborate garden, but even now outdoor possibilities are to be enjoyed, not only in the breezy shade of late afternoon but also later, when a long view reveals the tops of White Plains’s tallest towers glowing through the dusk of a summer’s night.
It started when a bottling company sought permission to extract millions of liters of water from the local aquifer.
Cafe Nine, 250 State Street.
“I affirm, in categorical fashion, that women were raped, not just one woman,” said Mamadou Mouctar Diallo, 34, an opposition leader who said he had been severely beaten himself.
The housing slump and a weak job market have made consumers reluctant to spend.
“They say it is not good for the body,” Li said of the milk tea.
Only Michael Jordan in 1991 and Jerry West in 1970 have averaged 30 points and 8 assists in the first four games of the finals.
Mr. Solomon also articulated several other arguments against trying to get on the 2010 ballot, including a lack of enthusiasm from major donors and a sense that greater numbers of young voters who support gay rights will turn out — and be of voting age — in 2012, a presidential election year.
“He was a rare combination of personal ability and public mission,” Mr. Netanyahu said.
Stock in McDonald’s, which is based in Oak Brook, Ill., fell $1.13, to close at $55.09 a share.
Bill, Lyn & Chris, Diane & Walter, Emma , David, Harry, Sophie
Anyone with 15 years of service is eligible for early retirement.
And in the third, shortstop Derek Jeter started a double play as a run scored, and Drew took a called third strike.
“Anyone can have an opinion,” Dunga replied.
Fast forward to that frugality summit last February.
“For the better part of a decade, they have endured tour after tour in distant and difficult places,” Mr. Obama said.
“As soon as it got hot, one of the parents would open a fire hydrant, and that was the funnest part of the summer.” His childhood in the Dominican Republic was marked by uncertainty.
(Over at the Web site Hogwarts Professor, the blogger John Granger summarizes the story as arcing from “real-world prepster ennui to the Harvard of magical colleges to Studio 54 unreal world to Narnia fantasyland as experienced by an older Holden Caulfield and friends ­— or a younger Alexander Portnoy?
The army says it is finding large stores of weapons and explosives hidden by Tamil rebels and expects to recover more.
Years ago, after the Willowbrook consent decree, New York found a way to transform care for mentally retarded and developmentally disabled individuals from an institutionally based system to one that provided community-based care.
Over here, Mr. Brand’s résumé is as thin (and as likely to smudge) as his omnipresent dark eyeliner.
This idea has long intrigued writers and historians.
The music, by Jacek Ostaszewski, alternately bludgeons you with magnified, discordant piano chords or stings your nerves with its tense rhythmic percussion.
Flame’s menu is very similar to those at the other Westwood restaurants I visited; sometimes the greatest variation between menus seems to be how to transliterate the Farsi.
“This is something the party is struggling with everywhere,” said Carl Forti, the former communications director for the National Republican Congressional Committee and the president of the Black Rock Group, a political consulting and public relations firm.
But instead of jubilation, the younger Mr. Castro, who officially became president in 2008, seems to have been preparing Cubans for more hardships as the revolution enters its sixth decade.
In the phone calls Thursday, crew members told their relatives that the pirates would hand over three colleagues taken ashore to the relatives of the two Somali men jailed in Spain.
Three of the larger rooms, at the corners, have hammocks.
“He’s a very serious person,” Anthony said a moment later.
Edsall said that the N.F.L.
Senators of both parties lodged similar complaints at a hearing.
Aides and advisers are struggling to identify enough projects that would meet Mr. Obama’s criteria that they be truly stimulative, create jobs and not be open to being branded as pork.
Brent N. Rushforth, a lawyer in Washington who represents Mr. Ahmed, said his client never supported terrorism and was known as “the sweet kid” to other prisoners.
“But with Levine you always knew there was some truth emanating from the drawings.
Windjammer Landing Villa Beach Resort in St. Lucia is allowing children 10 and younger to stay and eat at no extra charge, in addition to keeping its pricing at last year’s rates and offering resort credits that equal 50 percent of the nightly lodging fee, which starts at $260, for reservations made through Dec. 20 ( www.windjammer-landing.com ).
Mr. Bon Jovi, who has been active with United We Serve, Mr. Obama’s initiative to promote volunteerism, had lunch in the White House mess not long ago with David Axelrod, the president’s senior adviser; later, the president dropped in to say hello.
“But even at 3 percent, that’s still millions of people,” Ms. Wu said.
New Jersey is to get $61 million from that fund.
“And though all these challenges went unsolved, we still managed to spend more money and pile up more debt, both as individuals and through our government, than ever before,” he said.
With a blow-dryer in one hand and a flat brush in the other, I was supposed to pull a brush-width stripe of hair straight out from my head and chase it with the dryer.
Unfortunately, just as he was trying to liquidate the bureaucratic practices that governed the Army in the first half of the 20th-century, he found himself in the midst of a sudden shift away from the strategic context that had structured American warfare since the Civil War.
In pushing the initiative, Mr. Sarkozy joins past presidents who have aimed to leave their mark on France’s signature city.
“I thought this had to be legitimate because you couldn’t employ that kind of staff without money.” Mr. Liccardi was convinced that the Madoff firm was making the money for its clients that it was reporting to the I.R.S.
The Ares V is to be just a tad taller than the Saturn V — 381 feet versus 363 feet.
projects that the United States economy will decline 2.8 percent, the worst since 1946.
Most people with disabilities would strongly disagree with that characterization of their lives.
Bodies are being cremated in a pit outside.
It will help reduce risk and the system as a whole.” The new trading procedures for derivatives could also enable regulators to impose capital and collateral requirements on companies that issue credit default swaps that would make them safer investments.
NEW YORK “Isabel Toledo: Fashion From the Inside Out” (above) at the Museum at F.I.T.
“It’s not only that you need to dangle value in the face of the consumer.
If they are lithium -ion batteries, we may not need the plan after all.
Dinner: appetizers, $3 to $10; entrees, $8 to $19; desserts, $3 to $8.
The 35-member board of the I.A.E.A., which is responsible for supervising the peaceful use of nuclear energy and monitoring compliance with the nuclear nonproliferation treaty, has failed six times to reach the required two-thirds majority for a successor to Mr. ElBaradei, who plans to retire in November.
The bill of fare at the Roy and Niuta Titus Theater No.
On Capitol Hill, Ms. Pelosi said Democrats remained on track to reach a deal on major health care legislation.
The sequel “Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian,” with Ben Stiller , right, returning as a guard at a museum where displays magically come alive, was the top film through Sunday, taking in $53.5 million for Fox, Bloomberg reported.
“It’s like shopping for art.”
At “Art à la Carte” events, held with every new exhibition, participants receive a 15 percent discount coupon for a post-discussion dinner at the Silvermine Market across the street.
Instead, they devised a deeply flawed “power-sharing” deal.
The blend of traditional Chinese painting with the Western use of perspective and optical illusion is a testament to Qianlong’s embrace of Giuseppe Castiglione, an Italian artist and missionary who lived in Beijing at the time.
Still lean and vigorous at 80, he had been in the galleries all afternoon, consulting on placement and eagerly offering to research installation methods in his personal archives.
While many teams from defunct firms have disbanded, some have soldiered on.
“There is no character,” he wrote.
“He is a great entrepreneur and producer and it indicates to me that the administration wants to have somebody in this position who will be much more than simply a distributor of funds,” said Peter Gelb, general manager of the Metropolitan Opera.
As the show climaxed, Mr. Hütter recalled: “I pressed some keys down on my keyboard, putting some weight down on the keys, and we left the stage.
Wish it could bring me your take on all the wonders, horrors and absurdities in the world.
The first camp says that the stimulus is simply too small.
In fact, I work at a restaurant job to keep my finances stable.
A jury on Friday gave the man, Dale Hausner, six death sentences for six murder convictions.
The four players with a higher combined on-base and slugging percentage are considered the game’s greats: Babe Ruth, Ted Williams, Lou Gehrig and Jimmie Foxx.
On “The OC” Mr. McKenzie played a poor kid from Chino, Calif., who mingled with the plutocratic teenagers of Orange County.
Just outside Nelson's Dockyard is the colorful little Grace Before Meals (Dockyard Drive; 268-460-1298), which makes fruit smoothies large and thick enough to be lunch by themselves (about $3).
Before the introduction of the Brandeis brief, the law was seen by conservatives as a formal series of rules representing eternal verities, unchangeable by new circumstances.
“Obviously, we know we have an opportunity now, but I don’t think we’ve let ourselves get that far ahead,” Crosby said of a return to the finals.
Among the factors adding to the political volatility were the relative showings of Mr. Zardari and Mr. Sharif in recent public opinion surveys.
PAGE A10 CHINA'S WAR ON FALUN GONG Now a decade old, the Chinese government's continued crusade against the spiritual group Falun Gong highlights the difficulty of eradicating the movement.
Reporters, competitors, everyone wanted to know what happened.
(Women are better able to tolerate cold water, and it became traditional for them to support their families by selling their catch.)
“The Zetas pay me a wage,” he said.
But there are significant differences in the basketball and baseball missions, beginning with the considerably greater support Americans have for the Olympics than they have for the three-year-old W.B.C.
“We’re not going to swing and miss a whole lot,” Dodgers Manager Joe Torre said.
That does not mean, however, that paid content was a rarity at the Chicago conference.
Raymond M. Rafferty, a Roman Catholic priest and the church’s pastor, performed the ceremony.
I find this loss of control only slightly scary, and vital.”
“The sooner it gets over, I think, the more everyone will be happy about it.” A pretrial plea agreement is seen as likely.
Five supporting pillars represented the five members of the family of the prophet Muhammad and his son-in-law Ali: the one for Muhammad, left of the entrance, is traditionally where a newborn’s cradle is placed and where newly married couples sleep.
Vaughn, named to the preseason all-Big East team, was only an honorable-mention selection when the all-conference selections were announced Thursday.
The goal of the Swedes was to avoid loopholes as a wide variety of new products reach the market.
When Mr. Futernick was healthy he was active, going to Jets and Mets games, visiting museums, making annual pilgrimages to the Six Flags amusement park in New Jersey and, of course, playing golf in Marine Park or Dyker Heights.
Temasek controls some of Singapore’s best-known companies, including Singapore Airlines and Singapore Telecommunications, and has stakes in global companies like Standard Chartered Bank.
Imagine the difference between a piece of the true cross and a fake.
Neither held democracy in high regard.
(Genzlinger) ‘A MIDSUMMER NIGHTMARE’ The best thing about this off-season haunted house is the over-the-top liability waiver you’re made to sign before entering (20 minutes).
Ms. Normen and her staff (John Alves has designed the magazine from the beginning and Jennifer Huget has been the editor since 2005) expanded their subjects from Hartford to the whole state.
Several breast cancer experts said they were concerned that breast cancer patients who heard about the new study might stop taking their tamoxifen, even though the main reason to take the drug is to prevent the cancer they already have from recurring and spreading, which can lead to death.
Two years of meetings and hearings between the companies and a European Commission advisory panel called the Article 29 Working Group have produced some concessions on the issue, but not complete compliance.
Later, a sketch in ink and gouache by Brice Marden, “Untitled with Green,” set an auction record for the artist at $2.04 million.
Cohan offers much of this detail in the form of lengthy quotations — some of them anonymous — from people who worked at Bear Stearns, the Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve.
At Harvard, officials have had to hawk résumés or tell students, quite simply, to buck up.
The North Korean leader, Kim Jong-il , returned to center stage in the North’s capital, Pyongyang, on Thursday when the country’s Parliament elected him to another five-year term.
In a grimly familiar pattern, most of the dead were ordinary Afghans, many of them merchants at a market that had been refurbished in recent months.
Additionally, he emphasized that he did not want a drastic move away from the current system, under which private companies provide coverage to the bulk of working Americans who are insured.
In Wisconsin, apple is the winner.
But I did it, and it was exhilarating.
The murder trial discloses a tawdry demimonde of gigolos and gangsters, and also a sequence of events that has faint echoes of “Mildred Pierce.” But somehow Ms. Fontaine’s attempt to mix styles and genres does not quite work, and instead of drawing tighter, “The Girl from Monaco” snaps and slackens, its apparent ingenuity revealed as a dubious contrivance.
But the mere hint of bailout profits for the nearly year-old Troubled Asset Relief Program has been received as a welcome surprise.
But no vehicles will be more scrutinized than those from G.M., which is 60 percent owned by the United States government.
You may not feel a magical reduction of stress after your first jog, if you haven't been exercising.
Bishop Nicholas A. DiMarzo of Brooklyn claims that the need for indulgences is that “there is sin in the world.” Many of those confessing have psychological problems, not moral issues.
alone do not receive the Purple Heart, the medal given to soldiers wounded or killed in enemy action, because it is not a physical wound.
His description of crassulacean acid metabolism, wherein cacti, yuccas, agaves and sedums open their stomata at night when it’s cooler in order to “bind carbon dioxide on special molecules much like we bind oxygen on hemoglobin in our blood” had me on edge for hours.
BLUE JACKETS 3, PANTHERS 0 Jason Chimera scored for the third consecutive game and Steve Mason stopped 32 shots for his first shutout of the season to lead Columbus past visiting Florida.
“Lenox Legacy: America’s Greatest Porcelain, 1889-2005,” highlights of the history of Lenox china in New Jersey.
This is all heady stuff and good for lots of press, but in the end none of this is likely to make a real difference for either company or, indeed, for consumers.
Dashing across the field toward him came a figure in fatigues: Maj. Kevin Becar, surprising his son with an early two-week leave.
Licensed architects learn about subjects like building form, or how the shape of a building responds to the environment; energy modeling, including how much energy it takes to operate a building and ways to reduce the carbon footprint; how to reduce heat gain from sunlight; the most energy-efficient ways to position buildings relative to the sun, wind and other elements; ways to bring in natural light and reducing electricity consumption; and the preservation and reuse of existing buildings.
“That was pretty cool, to be recognized by your peers,” Beckham said.
Hourlong dramedies have exploded in prime time since then of course.
That said, the bids to legalize marijuana are opposed by law enforcement groups across the state and, if successful, would undoubtedly set up a legal showdown with the federal government, which classifies marijuana as an illegal drug.
Gingerly, he pressed his case.
You circle around topics on a path that appears to be shifting.
The film’s title refers to a feat of drinking that Lionel, who has an impressive ability to hold his liquor, vows to attempt on the appropriate occasion.
Almost immediately we were in what is known as Little Petroglyph Canyon.
And I sense a growing willingness among movers and shakers to declare “Mission Accomplished” when it comes to fighting the slump.
And his fans were the most, um, creative, from personalized intimates to an L.C.D.-display belt buckle that scrolled “ADAM” ad nauseam to a sign, ringed with Christmas lights, that read “Adam electrifies my life!” He didn’t even have to use his superhuman voice, largely keeping it in check during his set, which inspired flying jockstraps and, yes, bras too.
“They’re flash frozen,” Mr. Clanachan said.
Having dropped the idea of billing private insurers for the treatment of service-connected conditions, administration officials have told veterans groups that they want to find another way to save a similar amount of money.
Eligible for arbitration for the first time, he made $417,000 in 2008.
Traditionally, Mr. Darst said, income investors tilted toward stock sectors like banking and real estate — precisely where dividends have recently been in retreat.
If so, it sounds an alert and projects warning lights on the windshield.
Brewer, who represents the neighborhood, said Fordham should make changes before it goes ahead.
But afterward, Manuel seemed less sure of himself when discussing Perez’s immediate future.
That fact, however, gave him the chance to be pragmatic, see the changing national demographics and with savvy represent Pennsylvania and our country more effectively.
WATERBURY Palace Theater of Connecticut Dave Koz and Friends: A Smooth Jazz Christmas.
''I just wanted to take him wide -- Schultzie is a great D-man,'' said Dubinsky, who had 13 goals in the regular season.
The manifesto sounded like a liberal reformer’s political platform.
The one-off bench, which cost around $250,000 to produce, takes its name from a creative spelling of the Spanish for “yours and mine,” signifying Gehry’s realization that the design is better suited to two people than to one.
So I have to remain concentrated and, above all, not underestimate him, because things can go quickly.
In July, the couple had a traditional Muslim wedding ceremony at the home of Dina Amani, the bridegroom’s sister, in Corona, Calif. Dr. Cerullo, 30, is keeping her name.
Midway through the Civil War, he loaned his largest and fastest ship to the Union Navy to chase down Confederate raiders.
“We’ve been working at him.
Jane Seskin Dear Diary: During the midsummer subway series game in which the Mets committed three errors in a single inning, leading to four Yankee runs, my husband was watching the game in the living room of our Riverdale apartment.
The diagnosis was diffuse axonal injury.
Some, like Mr. Kim, have complied, not only declining to accept cash gifts but also keeping their guest lists -- which can swell into the thousands -- relatively short.
There are no such things.
But tensions have not been defused; even the winning parties must forge governing coalitions, a process that could expose tribal rivalries and personal feuds.
“Nothing’s more local than things being made from scratch,” Ms. Stensson said.
As Russian officials have before, Mr. Medvedev laid blame for the global recession on what he characterized as “one center of consumption, which is financed by deficit, and correspondingly, an accumulation of debt, one reserve currency that is powerful as never before, and one predominating system of evaluating risks and assets.” In other words, the United States.
The glasses, which were produced in an edition of 300 late last year, were created long ago, explained Mr. McMakin, the artist and designer.
Serve on a platter with the fennel and the sauce.
Court records show that the owners borrowed a $385 million first mortgage from Anglo Irish Bank.
“We want John out there in person talking to voters,” Ms. Scarlett said.
All it tells you is that we won’t go 0-16 this year,” he said.
“They are in paralysis.” Even demand for waterfront homes has dried up in her area, she said.
But the borough with the most homicides per capita was the Bronx.
“I thought: That’s at the end?
“I’ll enjoy whatever time I have left,” he said, flexing his biceps a bit.
A memorial service will be held at Greenwich Reform Synagogue, 257 Stanwich Road, Greenwich, CT on Thursday, September 17th at 10:30am.
Justice Anthony Kennedy, who was appointed by President Ronald Reagan and is often the swing vote these days, supports the consideration of foreign and international law in the interpretation of the Constitution — a view shared by more liberal justices including Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer.
“So I go!” In the 52nd minute, Villa missed a penalty, or rather allowed South Africa’s goalkeeper, Itumeleng Khune, to save it.
“No decision has been made,” said Lt. Col. Eric Butterbaugh, a Pentagon spokesman.
It also kicked out American relief agencies.
Feist made her appearance feel like a coffeehouse cameo, with solo versions of “The Wagoner’s Lad,” an old folk song, and “Someday Baby,” a recent-vintage Bob Dylan tune.
So no one was more surprised than I, a few months ago, when Lisa and Joel called to say they were planning to return to Nantucket.
Shortly after she founded the Bellwether Gallery in Brooklyn, in 1999, she was the subject of a profile, in The New York Times Magazine, titled “How to Become an Instant Art Star,” and she did, indeed, become a star.
It was a perfectly fine children’s holiday, nothing wrong with it, until some years ago — when, exactly?
The average daily traffic on the L.I.E.
Let’s talk about “second best” for a minute.
And who wouldn’t long for wings after reading about Gabriel’s time in that Mexican tree: “I remember my wings.
Check these out.” She thrust a pair of strappy, dog-chain-and-satin four-inch stiletto heels in my hand ($438).
And you know what else?
So it is no wonder that on the last day of the toughest part of his trip — the China part — Mr. Obama took a hike: a brisk, bracing 30-minute climb up the Great Wall.
The newspaper publisher McClatchy Company reported a $21.7 million loss for the fourth quarter on Thursday, reflecting the declining value of its newspapers.
¶Fishing authorities in the United States are beginning to impose gear restrictions designed to reduce the chances whales and other marine mammals will be entangled in fishing lines.
“But they do need to be challenged on their philosophy and experience.” Senator John Cornyn of Texas, another Republican committee member, said, “That is our responsibility.” The Supreme Court opening comes as the Senate is already contending with major health care and energy legislation, the national economic crisis and a Pentagon procurement overhaul sought by the president, to name just a few issues.
I just haven’t seen the life in those pitches.” Pelfrey arrived in spring training feeling good and strong, as if he were ready to defend himself against speculation that he was due for a drop-off this season.
That only one ball went in was a credit to Arsenal’s goalkeeper, the Spaniard Manuel Almunia.
Unfortunately, the bill is caught up in a Congressional logjam.
And — with Mr. Gates’s encouragement — both houses are moving ahead on bills to reform the procurement system.
At 9 and 10, ABC’s dramas “Desperate Housewives” (13.5 million) and “Brothers & Sisters ” (10.5 million) topped CBS’s “Cold Case” (12.6 million) and “The Unit” (9.4 million).
But they never took any, as far as I could tell, great pleasure out of — that wasn’t their motivation.
The Holland Runners are so ensconced in the Grand Union, though, that many visitors joke with the longtime manager, Tozen Ali, and help clear pancake plates at the overflowing 27-seat coffee shop, which opens at 2:30 on the morning of the race.
A New York City police sergeant pleaded guilty on Wednesday to illegally entering a federal database and giving information from a terrorist watch list to an acquaintance to use in a child-custody case in Canada.
The broader Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index was down 11.27 points, or 1.03 percent, at 1,087.24 and the Nasdaq composite index fell 17.88 points, or 0.83 percent, at 2,149.02.
The Pittsburgh Steelers , for all of their storied history and fan devotion, had found Heinz Field to be an unexpected home of horrors whenever the Super Bowl was within their grasp.
Mr. Lin said the lawyers had been pressed to drop the latest class-action suit, but he declined to say by whom.
player of the year honors, getting the award in 1994 on the strength of four victories and 11 top-10 finishes.
LAKERS 107, THUNDER 89 Kobe Bryant scored 19 points before taking the fourth quarter off, and Los Angeles won in Oklahoma City.
He did not have long to talk, so he hoisted himself up, promised to meet again and hobbled off to a chauffer-driven Cadillac.
When her husband, Clifford, came around the other side of the jelly ring berm, I was forced to walk in a squat until I reached a fruit basket display.
“This wasn’t some remote area.” Family members said they had been trying since last Saturday to contact the Red Cross to be evacuated but no help came.
He said last year that he began sending money to Ms. Hunter to resettle in California.
“Did like $15 million gross,” Bob says of “Soul Men,” “and it was a relatively expensive, $20 million movie.
“It doesn’t tell you how to think about it.
Massoud Barzani, president of the Kurdish regional government, warned two years ago that if “Article 140 is not implemented, then there will be a real civil war.” He’s still waiting.
Many factors contributed to the rapid rise in property values: interest rates fell and salaries rose quickly, Mr. Golebiowski said.
As Alaska’s Supreme Court concluded in a decade-old paternity case, making a nonbiological father pay “might itself destroy an otherwise healthy paternal bond by driving a destructive wedge of bitterness and resentment between the father and his child.” Mike did not tell L. that he was asking a court to release him as her legal father.
“It’s gotten old enough to be done well and poorly, too,” said Ms. Cone, who is chief executive at Cone Inc. , an agency specializing in cause marketing.
RONALD REAGAN , in the Gulf of Oman — After taking repeated fire from Taliban fighters holed up in a building last week, a group of American Marines in southern Afghanistan called in airstrikes to wipe out the threat.
Shipping at Christmas is a hectic thing, enough to give Santa migraines.
Alfredo Aceves collected his 10th victory in relief and backed a shaky start by Chad Gaudin.
“He is extremely bright,” Mr. Jones said Thursday.
Placing conditions on loan guarantees to Israel, as the first President Bush did nearly 20 years ago, is not under discussion, officials said.
“It’s simple: if you leave a ball up and they hit in on the barrel, right now it’s a home run,” said Pettitte, who was otherwise sharp for seven innings.
Now the rest of us do, too.
PAGE A13 MIXING SCIENCE AND POLITICS President Obama's directive overturning the Bush administration's limits on embryonic stem cell research pleased many scientists, as did his assertion that the administration will pick its science advisers based on expertise, not political ideology.
From boutique to behemoth, these new properties all have one thing in common: vacancies.
Bryan Lowry, a union leader for federal correctional officers and a guard at the medium-security prison in Forrest City, Ark., said terrorists were handled like any other inmates.
And there are lawyers in Queens, regulars at the hearing office say, who undersell settlements, pushing low-ball deals on workers just to pocket a quick payday.
“It would have been truly spectacular if they had wound up with a talking mouse.”
The Steelers cut him after failing to find a team willing to deal a draft pick for him.
“If Jackie Robinson was the father of equal opportunity in baseball, surely Satchel Paige was the grandfather,” this book maintains.
ON the New York dining scene, small plates — tapas, half portions, after-theater snacks — are so well established as to be a cliché.
“Her range is just absolutely astonishing,” said Joseph A. LoSchiavo, the Quick Center’s executive director.
“I’m not a one-hit wonder,” he said.
Chaon also repeatedly tells us how special George makes Lucy feel.
Mrs. Ramsey, 30, is a kindergarten teacher in a French and English classroom at Public School 58 in Brooklyn.
But there can be no real reform as long as mortgage brokers can be offered kickbacks and other incentives to steer often naïve borrowers into loans that put them at risk the moment they sign the papers.
Mr. Barnes, who personally gave $30,000 to the committee, represents several physician-owned hospitals, which Ms. Pelosi and many Democrats have pilloried for giving doctors a financial incentive to order expensive treatments for their patients.
Given a choice between stimulating the economy and protecting the environment, 58 percent of Americans said it was more important to stimulate the economy, compared with 33 percent who chose protecting the environment.
Among the steps Wal-Mart is taking to address the changes in shopping habits, Mr. Quinn listed an overhaul of the retailer’s private-label brand, Great Value, which is promoted in commercials describing how families can fix dinners with Great Value products “for less than $2 a serving.” Eric E. Schmidt, chairman and chief executive of Google, began his speech by declaring, “We know we have begun the recovery” because searches on google.com for terms like “restaurants” and “dancing” are increasing.
Mr. Travalena met his wife, who was also a singer, while he was in the Army.
The company and its partners were spending more than $50 million, said Mr. Woods, but not all of that was going into the pilot plant.
But she drew her most resounding applause in the packed House chamber with some blunt language on Iran.
SPLURGE See where Mozart’s “Don Giovanni” was first performed in 1787 to great critical acclaim at the Estates Theater (Ovocny trh 1; 420-224-901-448; www.narodni-divadlo.cz ).
... That was my first date.” Date?
 I can attest to this, having been scarred by an overhang at an early age.
We have 16 regional shopping centers in the Cleveland area.
“It was a model in a pinstripe Tom Ford suit for Gucci,” he recalled.
Ms. Kline, a self-employed fashion consultant, specializes in dressing well-heeled corporate executives and television news personalities, including local and network anchors, she said, although she declined to name her news media clients.
''A bouillon cube is never going to give you that.''
The cards were left over from a charity event and had been donated by a developer, Ronald H. Lipscomb, whom Ms. Dixon dated in 2003 and 2004.
Sept. 19 through Nov. 1.
According to the lawsuit, this was a common practice at B & H. Nakisha Cushnie, the lead plaintiff in the case, was “advised that these positions were not open to her due to ‘religious reasons,’ ” the lawsuit says.
Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, cover and simmer one hour.
Hughes beat Detroit on April 28 (an 11-0 Yankees victory) but he fell behind, 1-0, the first inning when a passed ball allowed Dustin Pedroia to score from third base.
Few people fight as savagely as humanitarians.
In many ways, the White House is looking to the S.E.I.U.
Because it’s the new growth that has thorns.”
After Dan Bylsma replaced Michel Therrien as the Penguins’ coach Feb. 15, Pittsburgh ended the regular season with 18 victories in 25 games and finished fourth in the Eastern Conference standings, climbing from 10th.
The singer known as the Boogie Man played jazz?
To the Editor: Re “The Unthinkable Option” (column, The New York Times on the Web, Feb. 5): Roger Cohen says that “the U.S. military option” against Iran is “unthinkable.” He warns of the “stubborn effectiveness” of the Iranian Army.
He hews to the philosophy popularized by Warren E. Buffett, seeking stocks trading well below his estimate of long-term value and issued by companies with sturdy competitive edges.
Stronach Stables won by a single vote over I.E.A.H.
But William Waldorf Astor is alive and well — or at least invoked — in the present condominium conversion of the 1908 Apthorp, at 79th and Broadway.
The researchers studied 39 muscles, isolating ones that had enough tenderness or flavor to sell as inexpensive steaks or roasts.
You could do roundups, crackdowns, etc.
MoMA ’s new site, which makes its debut on Friday, is an almost complete reconstruction of how the museum presents itself online.
He joined other associates like Howard Davies and Nicholas Hytner (now the National’s artistic director) in staging what Mr. Donnellan called “classic works whose stories and text would be relevant for modern audiences,” as well as contemporary work.
3 Texas (7-0, 4-0 Big 12), helping the longhorns put away host Missouri, 41-7.
He has won four consecutive French Opens on clay, the 2008 Wimbledon title on grass and, now, his first Grand Slam title on a hardcourt.
After a private funeral, Merlyn Mantle will be buried next to her husband and her sons Mickey Jr. and Billy at Sparkman Hillcrest Memorial Park in Dallas.
Mr. Jahmi, a former provincial governor and an engineer, had a falling out with the leadership when he called for free elections and a free press and criticized Colonel Qaddafi.
Economic research suggests that more than 1.5 million workers who would otherwise have switched jobs fail to do so every year because of fears about health insurance.
Seven minutes later, he retracted the story, writing, “Terry is fine.” “The teachable moment there was: call Fox P.R.,” he said.
But not long ago, a client with such assets called and asked Bruce Bickel, her wealth adviser at PNC Wealth Management, to put her on a budget.
Sheffield has not played since he came out of last Friday’s game against Atlanta with cramping in his hamstring.
The White Sox -- eight games out of the wild card at the deadline -- gave up top prospects for Jake Peavy.
Some 120,000 to 150,000 people from those three countries — known collectively as the Maghreb — live in Marseille, a bustling and slightly raffish port city of around 800,000.
Going strictly from memory, the editor wrote something like: “What a ridiculous plot!
During his four decades at Texas Instruments, Mr. Shepherd spent time either overseeing crucial semiconductor projects directly or serving on the leadership groups approving them.
For all the hoo-ha, organic food is not making much of an impact on the way Americans eat, though, as Mark Kastel, co-founder of The Cornucopia Institute, puts it: “There are generic benefits from doing organics.
In the suburbs around New York, new Fairway stores have turned into important focal points for retail developments that are remaking themselves completely or that sit in areas where the shopping waters are still uncharted.
Recessions “can cause people to think more about the effective use of their assets,” said Craig R. Barrett , the retiring chairman of Intel , who has seen 10 such downturns in his long career.
It is possible, said Jack Tuckner, a partner in Tuckner, Sipser, Weinstock & Sipser, a law firm in Manhattan specializing in women’s workplace rights.
But she says the organization’s programs now carry the PG rating, alerting parents that their guidance is suggested.
“It seems to be unavoidable.
The one thing he did that kept him here was make transcendent music.
Hours: Tuesdays through Sundays, noon to 5 p.m. Neuberger Museum of Art, 735 Anderson Hill Road.
Even before Election Day, the power of the conservative wing in the Republican Party has been proved.
Clearly I had been pegged as a “flier” of considerable age, one capable of flashbacks to the Jazzercise era of leotards and leg warmers and “hot cross buns.” I had flubbed his instructions once again, raising my legs high (so stylishly, I thought) rather than hooking my knees over the bar and hanging upside down.
“You should be ashamed of yourselves!” Senator William J. Larkin Jr., who represents the Newburgh area, said in a booming address on the Senate floor on Friday.
For nearly 10 months, the big companies plowed straight through an ugly standoff with the Screen Actors Guild, simply shooting their pictures under a contract that expired long ago.
A survey of publicly traded British companies released Monday by the accounting and consulting firm Deloitte found that bonuses were broadly holding up although more companies are restructuring them.
In addition, it’s relatively easy to avoid the physical things that frighten you; if you’re afraid of dogs, you can just take a different route to school to keep from passing that bull terrier down the street.
Not being a connoisseur of feta cheese, I bought the only Greek one in the store.
They left on different days to avoid drawing attention, a friend said.
Also on Monday, the United Nations — whose World Food Program headquarters in Islamabad was attacked on Oct. 5 — said it would scale down its activities in the restive North-West Frontier Province and shift some staff members, according to a spokeswoman for the United Nations in Pakistan.
The on-again, off-again drive to overhaul the nation’s immigration laws moved back to Congress on Tuesday with the introduction of legislation that would open a path to legal status for millions of illegal immigrants.
Through last week, the “Moneyball” team looked for a compromise that might restart the film.
How do the companies benefit?
Mr. McLendon’s shooting spree ended at Reliable, where he killed himself, the authorities said.
Monsignor DiGiovanni has changed it within his parish through a theological version of retail politics: reaching individuals and families through a decade of homilies, conversations and columns in the church bulletin.
“We want to make sure that we took a very conservative approach toward data usage until we have an opportunity as an industry to understand the consumer’s desire for more relevant advertising,” said Tracey Scheppach, senior vice president and video innovations director at Starcom Worldwide.
Analysts of the ethnic news media say that Ming Pao’s plans, and the recent closings of Hoy and AsianWeek, are most likely a harbinger of much more contraction in this sector of the media industry.
“People can use it to recognize faces in a social setting,” she said.
Early in my career I’d once made the mistake of being totally honest.
Though she lives in Manhattan, she spends most of her time in Bushwick; she sits on the community board, draws inspiration from the industrial landscape and even found her dog, Troutman, there — on Troutman Street.
To her credit, Ms. Taylor, in conversation, seemed wholly unpreoccupied with test scores, nurturing fragile geniuses or preparing children for the rigorous application processes their futures will no doubt hold.
Dr. Rogers attended Marquette University where he received his undergraduate degree and his medical degree in 1945.
They must have felt it, because underneath there was already a layer of corpses, over which was spread a thin layer of sand.” Ms. Prais said one of the discoveries that had most surprised her was the way in which Soviet Jews who survived the war made an effort to commemorate those who had perished.
Anderson-Schaffner posed for albums she never performed on and promoted them on the road.
It’s the list of people who don’t.” The actress, who was made a commander in the National Order of Arts and Letters by the French government in 2006, praises Cannes for its “real auteurism” but confesses that she also gets swept away by the glamour.
The rating represents the average from CellarTracker’s reviewers, and those entries will also include detailed reviews and retail prices.
“The Popular Science article gave them plenty of free publicity, but they actually contributed nothing to the Polimotor project.” Mr. Holtzberg persevered with plastics better suited to mass production.
“Even in New York, people tend to think they’re rather safe, so they just pull the door shut behind them and go about their merry way, and then someone walks right in.” And if you have been robbed once, the likelihood of it happening again increases, said Gregg McCrary, a security consultant in Fredricksburg, Va., and a retired F.B.I.
“All that will depend on how things are going,” Lemaire said when asked if the 37-year-old Brodeur would continue to log his usual 75 games per season.
With or without the center, street food appears to be moving ahead.
He said some messages mused about discrediting him by challenging the veracity of his doctoral dissertation at the University of Wisconsin by claiming he knew his research was wrong.
Sales of whiskey, the favorite drink among moneyed Tokyoites in the booming ’80s, have fallen to a fifth of their peak.
Kragh’s book offers a collage of a brilliant and peculiar man seen from the outside; Farmelo’s is a tapestry, and he provides glimpses of the inside.
“Your daughter is giving my son castration anxiety,” she said.
At Brandeis University, President Jehuda Reinharz has made hard times worse by deciding to close the university’s Rose Art Museum and sell off more than 6,000 works in its collection.
And the enormous props, including one of the trees sprung from the imagination of Michael Curry, a puppeteer, prop maker and frequent collaborator who also conjured up a triceratops, required downsizing to move into smaller performance venues.
The price-to-earnings ratio of the S.& P. 500, a broad measure of how stocks are priced compared with corporate profits, rose to its highest point in a year this week, according to Bloomberg News data.
He’s got all the qualities.” He added that Spagnuolo had great attention to detail and projected a commanding presence.
Mr. Farrell, speaking to colleagues at The Times, said that he and Mr. Munadi were moved several times a day amid the cornfields, rice plantations and mud-brick villages in the Char Dara district over their four days of captivity.
Last year I wrote an article that showed that the most important factors in scoring were greens in regulation and putting, with driving less significant than you would think.
Jason Rodgers watched the early effects of the storm in Gulf Shores, Ala., on Monday.
They spent their summers on the Maine coast where they loved to sail and spend time with family.
The genocide of the Khmer Rouge will be judged as a “crime against humanity,” a crime against ourselves.
It was around this time that the rabbi, who acknowledges not watching television, let alone Giants games, visited.
Katsudon (fried pork cutlet), karaage (fried chicken), sake (grilled salmon), yakiniku (grilled beef) and other entrees come with vegetables, pickles and rice ($5.25 to $6.95).
Other countries should not make the same mistake.
His work led to the discovery of cadherins , the molecules on cell surfaces that recognize one another.
“With Florida winning two titles already and being a favorite to win a third, that’s some accomplishment in this day and age.” Florida’s biggest question will come on offense, where it will attempt to replace the dynamic and versatile Percy Harvin, a first-round pick in the N.F.L.
“I know about spending less than you make, diversifying your investments and knowing where you are investing,” Ms. Brown said.
NOT to sound cynical about all this buzz about Fashion’s Night Out , but when Anna Wintour, the editor of Vogue, first proposed keeping stores open late for a night of shopping as a way to get the global retail economy out of its funk, the question that crossed my mind was, gee, who’s paying for the sales staff, the security and the catering?
“Torres played 80 minutes against Manchester, and he could not train for the next four days as a result,” the manager said.
Normandy Real Estate Partners, a private equity firm in Morristown, N.J., another suburban landlord, recently assumed full management responsibilities for 14 buildings in four office parks along Westchester Avenue — a 1.6-million-square-foot portfolio it calls the Exchange.
“To a searing degree, and more than most people I’ve known in politics, Olympia’s personal story is at the core of how she goes about her work and her decisions,” said a close friend, former Senator Warren B. Rudman, Republican of New Hampshire.
Auriemma is gloating about none of this, at least not publicly.
“That experience is not my experience,” she noted, “and I don’t think it’s their experience: it’s something that’s not me and it’s not them.
Critically, he avoids the trap of presenting design thinking as a panacea.
If no guns can be found, he said, the separatists will make weapons themselves.
Mr. Levitt, 34, works in New York as a field producer with CNN.
Her grandparents, Philip and Emily, now in their late 80s, began skiing there almost 40 years ago, originally staying at the Thunderbird.
We should ban the intentional destruction of satellites in orbits above 150 miles (and possibly below as well).
Mr. Grosbard and his wife, Ronnie, had a town house that they bought for about $4 million in 2000.
“I’m going to push them, but as a coach, you also have to understand when to be with them.
She was a respected guidance counselor at Long Island City High School for many years.
Love often requires a trek.
The simplification of Japanese really began during the country’s transition to democracy after World War II, according to Mizumura.
James E. O’Shea spent most of his career at The Chicago Tribune, but he was ousted from the Tribune Company in a highly publicized clash over staff cuts, and these days he’s finding plenty of fault with his old paper.
And like a tuxedo jacket — except the ones that Coward wore constantly — most are rarely dusted off for the public to admire.
Few in this town, about 70 miles north of Kenya’s capital, Nairobi, wanted to say anything about the gang.
Tyler Hansbrough, the 6-foot-9 senior forward, scored 28 points and collected 8 rebounds.
Last week, a court sentenced her to eight years in prison on charges of spying for Washington.
Further observations revealed an expansive hydrogen cloud around the Tago-Sato-Kosaka Comet and the presence of ozone in the atmosphere of Mars.
The flower looks familiar — a four-petal shape traced in a golden trellis circle.
Mr. Schachter said continued momentum would make Bing a bigger threat and a more attractive partner for Yahoo.
Publishers have provided the age designations for their best-selling children’s titles.
As 6,000 construction workers have been feverishly toiling in advance of the April 13 regular-season opener, the restaurateur Danny Meyer has been refining the batting order for the ballpark’s signature food offerings.
If there is any grand physical monument to the disaster, it is the rebuilt coast itself.
His entire career was spent with Deloitte & Touche as a CPA, retiring as a partner in 1994.
For instance, when laser vision-correction surgery emerged as a possible substitute for eyeglasses, the Luxottica Group, the maker of luxury and sports eyewear brands like Chanel, Prada and Ray-Ban, chose not to participate.
But while fullback Heath Evans, who last played in New England, compared Brees to Patriots quarterback Tom Brady — “Those two are made in a different mold,” he said — the Saints’ passing numbers have not always translated into the respect teammates believe Brees deserves.
Recognizing that they would have to assert more authority if they wanted to get the bill finished rapidly, administration officials carried the outlines of a compromise to Capitol Hill and pushed for its adoption.
In the middle of the night, Diane Van Deren will leave her house against the foothills of the Rocky Mountains.
Announcing the decision, the culture secretary, Andy Burnham, called Ms. Duffy “a towering figure in English literature today and a superb poet” who has “achieved something that only the true greats of literature manage — to be regarded as both popular and profound.” Ms. Duffy told the BBC radio program “Woman’s Hour” that she had thought hard about accepting the post and that the decision to take it came “purely because they hadn’t had a woman.” She added: “I look on it as recognition of the great women poets we now have writing,” and said that she hoped to use the job “to contribute to people’s understanding of what poetry can do, and where it can be found.” Ms. Duffy, who has also written plays, and poems and stories for children, has a daughter, Ella.
COMMON SPACES: Both the family room and living room have working fireplaces.
Jason Strout, above, is a 32-year-old trainer at Church Street Boxing Gym in Manhattan and former USA Boxing middleweight champion of Wisconsin.
Beside them we might put a condescending report by the amateur Philadelphia artist Henry Perry Leland, quoted in the catalog, on the same for-hire sitters: “They do want a new model for the Madonna badly in Rome, for Giacinta is growing old and fat, and Stella, since she married that cobbler, has lost her angelic expression.
The Coast Guard is undertaking a three-year pilot project aimed at securing maritime routes, but faces daunting challenges in both identifying suspect vessels and detecting fissile material amid the background radiation present at sea.
“This is just a little spot, not for anybody but me,” Ms. Bottigheimer, 69, said with a wide smile.
“This is where I grew up, and this is where I want to stay.” I told him I didn’t blame him.
A BOMB IN EVERY ISSUE: How the Short, Unruly Life of Ramparts Magazine Changed America , by Peter Richardson (New Press, $25.95.)
RONI CARYN RABIN PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY NICOLE BENGIVENO/THE NEW YORK TIMES)
“We are glad that worldwide support for them is growing.” Moscow’s decision to recognize the two regions and deploy hundreds of Russian troops in both after its brief war with Georgia last August drew widespread international condemnation.
Robinson put the exclamation mark on a gratifying 104-98 victory over the Houston Rockets at Madison Square Garden.
The play was reminiscent of the young fan who turned a fly ball by Derek Jeter into a home run in the 1996 postseason, which, it could be argued, sent the Yankees and the Orioles in opposite directions.
(“On the playground, boys yelled ‘David’s a girl’ and I’d think, ‘You got that right.’ ”) She believed that bouts of heavy drinking and depression during her years as David stemmed from not being true to herself.
“To have Sean cooking and all the fresh stuff makes a big difference,” the rider David Zabriskie said.
“I think it’s fair to say that had I not been a Stevie Wonder fan, Michelle might not have dated me,” President Obama said Wednesday night during a White House ceremony honoring Mr. Wonder.
PAGE A12 GINSBURG BACK ON THE BENCH Three weeks after undergoing surgery for pancreatic cancer, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg was back on the Supreme Court bench, posing crisp and vigorous questions in the two arguments heard by the court.
But the state inspector general wrote that one of Ms. Novello’s subordinates said that her “fondness for shopping was so well known that employees in the office would give her sales fliers or coupons to encourage her to leave the office so that they would not have to work late.” The report, which also accused Ms. Novello of misusing state employees for other personal chores, was referred to the Albany County district attorney.
The chances of a definitive plan emerging from such an effort seem remote — and even if one does, architecture won’t solve all the city’s social ills.
LOS ANGELES NOW that Adam Baldwin has figured out how to make it look easy — this surly, deadpan, tough-guy thing he does every Monday night on NBC as the monosyllabic secret-agent sidekick on the action-comedy series “Chuck” — he doesn’t mind admitting how hard it used to be.
Anyone of any color or pre-recession financial status can fall into debt, and although we pride ourselves on the abolition of debtors’ prison, in at least one state, Texas, people who can’t afford to pay their traffic fines may be made to “sit out their tickets” in jail.
It produces live sports talk shows with daily newspapers in New York, Philadelphia, Chicago and Washington.
Parrish went on to success as an assistant, winning a Super Bowl with Tampa Bay and a national title with Michigan.
Honor graduate of NYHS of Music and Arts and Carnegie Tech (Mellon) University.
The bill also includes two provisions that could slow the rise in health care costs.
Experian’s market share is more than twice that of its three main competitors combined.
A schismatic Roman Catholic society that Pope Benedict XVI recently rehabilitated apologized to the pope on Tuesday and distanced itself from the comments of one of its members, who has denied the Holocaust.
And in other areas, he said, the method probably could not teach information, but reinforce something already learned.
Nassau’s assessor, Thaddeus J. Janowski Jr., said, “It’s making our annual review more difficult than usual.” Examples of the potential impact: the Fortunoff store here yielded $1 million a year in taxes, and the nearby Expo Design Center paid $1.1 million, said a spokesman for the county assessor, Randolph B. Yunker.
Try the spicy wok-seared Szechwan beef or a bowl of teriyaki chicken and rice for $15 each.
Most of those who disappeared are believed to be dead.
Belinda was 26, beginning study for a master’s degree in microbiology, but she was also a single mother with minimal income.
For whatever reason, President Obama has decided not to be that president.
Mr. Novak was a smart, shrewd small-town boy “looking for trouble,” in his own phrase.
Most Taliban are in or near Baluchi cities like Quetta.
It was no big deal.
Many on the panel, which probably won’t, in the end, do much in the way of deleting conditions, maintain that the chapter on sexuality and gender identity doesn’t brand people too readily with disease.
Brigham Young's Max Hall was on some Heisman lists before being swallowed by Texas Christian's defense.
All swirly stripes, whiskers and looks of surprise, Posy is undeniably cute.
has ever imposed on an environmental dredging project.
Concluding in 1982 that the complaint had merit, Harvard reprimanded Mr. Walcott and changed the student's grade from C to ''Pass.''
At Hapco, officials are accustomed to flying in their private plane; they have had one kind or another for 45 years.
I find it insulting that The Times would use this much space to discuss how well-to-do people struggle with divorce or selling their home.
With fewer than half of the ballots estimated to have been counted in a largely mail-in election , 52 percent of voters had approved the measure , Referendum 71.
At one end of Martin Luther King Jr. Place are Tompkins Avenue and the eight-building Tompkins Houses complex, which dates to the 1960s.
Billings have not been determined.
Intel expects the rising demand to carry over into the second half of this year.
commercials , like the “Where Amazing Happens” campaign, and posted it on YouTube, getting the attention of Stern and other figures in the game.
“I want it to be a place where you hang out.” For the project, Mr. De Niro and his partners — his son Raphael De Niro and the team of Richard Born and Ira Drukier — assembled a group of veterans.
“I’m ready to go with the pace,” said Lel, who has a minor hip injury.
It didn’t take long to collide with the realities of Capitol Hill.
She’s fully qualified for her job and doesn’t sound defensive.
“Jean spent much of her childhood screaming, crying or collapsing with terror, and taking weeks to recover in bed,” the book states, without summoning the full substance of the fears that plagued her.
Even so, Col. B. Shannon Davis, the base’s deputy commander, said the task force was examining these trends.
David and Onta Williams also did not answer questions as they quickly walked by, staring at the ground.
photograph of Barack Obama , right, in Mr. Fairey’s well-known “Hope” poster was permissible under fair-use law and the First Amendment, according to court documents filed Tuesday in Manhattan.
The housing results fanned optimism that developers have slashed prices and construction enough that sales have finally hit bottom.
Also that day, the newspaper’s Style section will cut some comic strips from the print edition and run them only on the paper’s Web site.
You send it to your e-mail list, and the recipient does the same prompted by your personal e-mail at the top of the letter.
This fight, then, is all about the future.
He said he “felt dead inside watching young people who could be my grandchildren or students commit crimes and vandalize the shrine to free thought.” Last week, a professor at the Athens University of Economics and Business, Gerasimos Sapountzoglou, was targeted by extremists who beat and throttled him when he refused to stop a lecture.
The move into Brazil fits with the strategy of Vivendi’s chief executive, Jean-Bernard Lévy, of seeking growth in emerging markets.
“I don’t know nobody no more,” he said.
Just as Bulgaria was the last of the East European former Communist countries to reform its economy in the late 1990s, this small country of seven million also had been a laggard in real estate.
As she tries to puzzle out who the real Bretherick is, police detective Simon Waterhouse is sure that there’s a killer on the loose.
“Your agency will be capturing the naked photographs of millions of American air travelers suspected of no wrongdoing,” the letter said.
But Facebook, with its photo albums and various applications, does not have the same no-frills immediacy as Twitter — which is why Twitter is ideal for instantaneously announcing sales.
Mr. Allman refused to address any of the rumors but said, “It’s going to be a real wang-dang-do.” Josh Baron, the editor of Relix magazine, which chronicles the jam-band scene and features the Allman band on the cover of its April-May issue, said, “There’s clearly a buzz around these shows that’s unlike previous Beacon runs,” adding, “Fans know that the Brothers are talking about pulling out all the stops.” Though several artists have longstanding relationships with particular stages — the Grateful Dead at Madison Square Garden, Mr. Clapton at the Royal Albert Hall in London — no established band has been so closely associated with one location.
Mr. Menendez, Democrat of New Jersey, wrote the Treasury secretary, Timothy F. Geithner, in June to express his concern.
All five of the men have said they want to represent themselves, but in the case of these two men, Ramzi bin al-Shibh and Mustafa Ahmed al-Hawsawi , the military judge had not yet determined their competency when the proceedings were halted.
Variety reported that Ms. Bigelow, the director of action films like “The Hurt Locker” and “Point Break,” had struck a deal with Paramount Pictures to direct a new adventure movie called “Triple Frontier” for the studio.
1970S PRICES Holding down concession prices is an Augusta compulsion.
The matter of mourning is handled with more delicacy than the intergenerational dimensions of the story, which are clumsy and overstated, especially when Klaus and Rudi, during the father’s awkward visit to Japan, must make up for years of silence and misunderstanding.
Guns highlighted in orange were recovered in the Mexican cities below.
“The fact that he had seen Gray and he had talked to me after his lunch, that I remembered,” Mr. Phelps said.
Liechtenstein and Andorra, along with Monaco, had been on the O.E.C.D.’s list of uncooperative tax havens since 2000.
Wine went out of business last year.
“We immediately stopped what we were doing that night and started discussing the protest,” Jamyang said.
“I’d try to get honorably discharged,” she said.
A High Court judge in Belfast ruled on Thursday that Suzanna Breen, left, a reporter for The Sunday Tribune of Dublin, did not have to hand over notes and telephone records to police officers investigating the killing in March of two British soldiers at a barracks in the town of Antrim.
Aaron Rouse replaced C. C. Brown in the defensive backfield, which seemed more cohesive.
If some company is too big to fail, then it’s too big to exist.
Charles C. Haynes , a senior scholar at the First Amendment Center in Washington , said the cheerleaders could display biblical verses only if they were a student-led club and were not performing at a school-sponsored event.
has never killed anyone, including reporters,” the lawyer, Yuri Kachan, told Interfax.
INSTITUTIONAL investors were latecomers to the money fund market — there were no statistics kept on their role until 1996 — but they made up for lost time.
I just did a rap session with Snoop Dogg and a rap composition called “Rocket Experience.” It’s going to be an online video.
Ms. Semenya returned home on Tuesday from Berlin, where last Wednesday she handily won the 800 meters race at the track and field world championships.
Less prudent were Bear Stearns, Lehman Brothers, Merrill Lynch and American International Group.
A cholera epidemic is sweeping across Kenya , with 4,700 cases reported in the past month and 119 deaths in what Kenyan officials are calling “one of the worst outbreaks in a decade.” The most stricken areas are the arid swaths of northern Kenya, which were hit this year by a devastating drought .
The different approaches from the two banks that have received the most money underscores the growing dilemma facing private companies, which increasingly deal with the federal government not only as rule-maker but also as shareholder, lender and trading partner.
He was tied for 13th, the first time after any round at Firestone he has been out of the top 10.
Bob Cratchit’s Wild Christmas Binge,” a play by Christopher Durang that has all the Durangian insanity you’ve come to expect.
“Just because Obama is on a path to give America the Romney health plan with McCain-style financing, does not mean the Republicans will embrace it — if it seems politically more attractive to scream ‘socialist,’ ” said Miller.
Robert Hampton of Blythewood, S.C., won his first two national titles at the Summer North American Championships in Washington.
The study of the health committee bill provided ammunition to critics, including the Republican leader, Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky.
Republicans must accept that Mr. Bush’s dream of letting individuals invest Social Security funds is dead.
Brian Rolston and David Clarkson scored in regulation for the Devils, who overcame a two-goal deficit and picked up their third consecutive road victory to open a season, something they have not done since they won their first four road games in 1989.
In consecutive games, the Magic has surrendered fourth-quarter leads.
It is expected to grow about 20 percent this year.
“I want her to be the best she can be,” she said, “and to achieve the greatest success.” As Dr. Mandel pointed out, “Working daughters need their mothers.”
Israel says that 12 to 17 Palestinians were killed, 5 of whom were militants.
Even when there were brief romper dresses or bras visible through a hazy fabric, the clothes never looked suggestive, not least because socks and flat straw sandals alternated with sturdy high heels.
The British data — following reports this week showing a significant budget deficit in December and a rise in the jobless rate — add to the case for policy makers to continue aggressive and unconventional measures to restore interbank lending and bolster consumer confidence, analysts said.
The decision would be voluntary if the estimated cost of the concessions appeared to be higher than the cost of foreclosure.
After a night of hanging out, we’d go to our respective apartments.
And as any one of them can tell you, it is almost as much a part of the creative process as writing the script or designing the costumes.
I kept them until they looked and felt too forlorn to use.
I am married and still very close to my brother and our mother.
A little over 20 percent of hard-core fans of Mr. Stewart and Mr. Colbert said in a “multi-engagement study” conducted by Harris Interactive Research that “people think I’m cool because I watch” those two programs.
Amnesty International said recently that the Uighurs’ identity and well-being are being “systematically eroded” by government policies that limit the use of the Uighur language, restrict religious practices and foster job discrimination.
Born in South Africa and living in England, he’s a part of the newest generation of songwriters who prize British folk traditions.
Oil companies from China , the world’s second-largest and fastest-growing consumer of oil, bid aggressively on Tuesday as Iraq began auctioning licenses in six large oil fields.
GALE--Vivian A.,age 89, loving and spirited wife, mother and grandmother.
Mr. Wissman was also a managing director for HFV Asset Management, which manages money for the Hunts, the wealthy Texas oil family that owns the Kansas City Chiefs football team.
Shared intentionality evolved very early in the human lineage, he believes, and its probable purpose was for cooperation in gathering food.
But he was “not entitled to choose particular government-paid counsel — military or civilian — and he does not have a right to the continued services of previously appointed counsel,” Judge Kaplan ruled.
Page D4 Wines of The Times Sancerre: Say It With Feeling D6 Restaurant Charles: Satisfactory D7 Editorial WOMEN AND EXTREMISM In Afghanistan, President Hamid Karzai has signed a law that effectively permits marital rape.
“I do not think that the cut will have an essential impact on carry trade,” said Dmitry Kharlampiev, analyst at Petrocommerce Bank.
“In prison, what do you do?
I had interviewed people with very modest incomes who had taken out big loans.
“I think it was Yogi Berra who said, ‘It’s hard to make predictions, especially about the future,’ ” Dr. Butler said.
Meanwhile, the player builds his own crime family by promoting “made” men, suborning police chiefs, judges and other public officials and taking over crime rings in pursuits like pornography (which allows you to hire armed guards on the cheap) and chop shops (which provide armored cars).
Mr. Mokae played a man who had spent much of his life in prison.
But Mr. Inzko, backed by the United States and Britain, countered that failure to stand up to Mr. Dodik would undermine international credibility and embolden him, according to aides close to the deliberations.
“Why can’t we get a step up in patrol?” asked Mary Myers, president of the tenant association at the Gable Oaks apartment complex in the northern part of the city, condemning what she says is a marked increase in drug dealing and gang-related violence in recent weeks.
The next night it was the father’s turn, his face looming over the face of another guest, just watching, like a curious animal.
Gino DiCaro, a spokesman for the California Manufacturers & Technology Association, said that while any renewable energy requirement was likely to increase costs for manufacturers, the executive order was “a step in the right direction” relative to the Legislature’s bills, which would have imposed heavier costs.
“In the East, lots of old houses have virtually no insulation in the walls,” Mr. Beckman said.
As he tags after these bodies at rest and in motion, Mr. Dos Santos creates not just a vision of community but also a larger sense of being in the world.
If you and your family lived in a home and there was a rocket within a hundred meters of you, wouldn’t you call the National Guard?
But in the last four months of last year, Deputy Mayor Kevin Sheekey, who handles political relationships for Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, met three times with the rabbi, who also found a way to regularly park in the correction commissioner’s spot at the Manhattan jail where he worked.
“There’s a window where it’s so good that people want you for different things,” she said.
A grouchy, sensitive loner with retractable metal claws and apparently unretractable facial hair, Wolverine brooded and growled through the first three “X-Men” pictures, helping to supply them (or at least the first two) with welcome grace notes of rough humor and macho pathos.
It’s bringing us a lot of traffic, but it’s not a very good program.” Among consumers, the program has created far more interest than experts had predicted.
After drifting for two weeks, about 100 of the migrants were rescued on the Andaman Islands, which are administered by India.
I was lucky to be here.
Since 2001, the Justice Department’s tax division has obtained more than 350 civil injunctions against people selling or promoting frivolous tax arguments and has successfully prosecuted most of them, recouping an estimated $600 million.
So last fall, my business partner and I came up with an idea for a Web site called LifeProfit.com .
Page B3 Business on the Web German Bank's Second Boost In a two-fold move, the German government took a quarter stake in Commerzbank, the second-largest bank in Germany behind Deutsche Bank.
Predicting the rate at which an insect or other creature spreads into new territory can help guide efforts to control it.
Beard’s mild but persistent polemical tone — another mark of the successful blogger?
After a steep climb through loose rock, past the remains of an old mine, we headed up a hillside covered in marsh marigolds.
“Now every medical faculty has been given the right to set up their own curriculum.
And the count comes three years into an immigration crackdown that was initiated by President George W. Bush but has continued apace, though less visibly, under President Obama .
But unlike any war in Israel’s history, in this one the government is seeking to entirely control the message and narrative for reasons both of politics and military strategy.
The Nationals broke an 8-8 tie with four runs in the eighth inning, completing a series sweep and winning their season-best fifth straight game.
“It has got to be in writing,” Mr. Conrad said.
has pledged to improve its mild-hybrid system and bolt it into yet-unidentified models next year — small consolation to existing owners.
The Bush plan called for stationing 10 ground-based interceptors in Poland and a so-called X-band radar in the Czech Republic as part of a system aimed at shooting down any future Iranian intercontinental ballistic missiles.
Derivatives drove the boom before 2008 by encouraging banks to make loans without adequate reserves.
“We are looking to ensure the more traditional vo-tech careers of the trades are there at the same time as they establish the academies,” he said.
And hadn’t we just sent troops and loans to help the French in the war?
Avella has not been there since 1976.
She left the federal prosecutor’s office soon after.
Although he was skeptical that the project would go forward — it was too “huge,” he wrote his mother, for such a poor country — the dam was completed around 1930 after he had left the country and moved to Morocco, where he designed the port of Tangier and raised his family.
The gunman was already outside, Sergeant Todd recalled.
And that’s the whole point of capital.
The bridegroom, also 28, is a freelance entertainment writer in New Brunswick, N.J.
To see him up close is to appreciate how much hard work factored into Lemieux’s success.
3 producer behind Peabody Energy and Arch Coal.
The networks said that no ads featuring Woods were pulled by marketers after a week filled with reports of extramarital affairs linked to Woods.
People don’t say it; they just play busy.” “In Mexico,” she added, “everyone wants to be near you to help you when you’re sick, but here nobody wants to be with you.
Huge slides of former American presidents were displayed, and there was a murmur of disapproval when the image of Jimmy Carter appeared.
I’ve been 10 years head-to-toe in white or pink.
People can try to adjust their expectations, take a job for less pay.
After that comes particular songs within particular performances.
These include silencing squeaky hinges, removing road tar from automobiles and protecting tools from rust.
Charles Srebnik, 75, of New City in Rockland County, said he was told that only he and his mother survived the Holocaust out of 300 family members in Europe.
Unfortunately, I was told to go away.
He contributed the hard intellectual theory based on the math, and he made it understandable, powerfully so.” When the commission upheld the complaint, The Pittsburgh Press took the commission to court, saying that the ruling violated the First Amendment’s guarantee of freedom of the press.
“You can really tell how much the sport has grown, as the fans come out and truly enjoy it,” said Regis McDermott, a senior defenseman from Amityville, N.Y. “They have fun at the game and wait around for autographs, which is funny when you’re asked for an autograph as a college student.
The film’s main focus is the National Security Agency itself, a huge, shadowy bureaucracy headquartered near Baltimore that is charged, as the narrator puts it, with “making and breaking codes; tapping in to foreign signals — sifting through the international phone calls, e-mails, text and instant messages that blanket the modern world.” Mr. Bamford, who is interviewed in the film seated at a computer next to a crackling fireplace, makes the case that the government’s decision after 9/11 to extend the agency’s surveillance to American citizens without a court warrant violates a citizen’s “reasonable expectation of privacy.” But his strongest argument is that the agency is already so overwhelmed by the flood of raw data that comes in daily that broadening its surveillance mandate will not make it any more effective in detecting terrorist activity.
KINGS 4, SHARKS 3 Wayne Simmonds had a goal and an assist, and Jonathan Quick made 27 saves for host Los Angeles.
Mondays and Fridays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Tuesdays and Wednesdays, 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Thursdays, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Easton Public Library, 691 Morehouse Road.
The New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene, which introduced the city’s official condom on Valentine’s Day two years ago, has introduced a Facebook page and Facebook application to promote the use of condoms.
It's designed for desktop monitors, but will clip onto portable screens as well.
Ninety-nine percent of the people who approach you this way are living in a fantasy world.
Congregation Emanu-El of the City of New York mourns the death of our long time and cherished member and extends deepest sympathy to her family.
Dr. Habig was the head orthopedic surgeon to the New Orleans Saints from 1990 to 2000.
It requires that foreign aid contracts be awarded to Chinese contractors it picks through a closed-door bidding process in Beijing .
Today there is not a product that Saturn sells that’s not sold at another G.M.
Christopher Janney’s 1996 piece, “Reach New York, an Urban Musical Instrument,” installed sensors on the Broadway line platform at 34th Street that played sounds when activated.
over what it actually means to be Irish” and that plenty of Irish men and women don’t actually mind the disappearance of old pubs.
The summit meeting was jointly led by the secretary of health and human services, Kathleen Sebelius; the secretary of homeland security, Janet Napolitano; and the secretary of education, Arne Duncan.
The announcement came almost three weeks after the regular season, after Gruden had made staff moves and after several teams had already hired some of the hottest coaching candidates.
They were exotic counterparts to the words cut on Yankee tombstones: “As I am now, so you will be.” American art produced in Rome collectively captured all of this.
And if Iran goes nuclear, everything becomes hugely more problematic.
The night began with a ceremony honoring Arlene Shuler , the president and chief executive of City Center, in general, and Fall for Dance in particular, with the 58th annual Capezio Dance Award.
One former state assemblyman, Brian M. McLaughlin, also a Democrat, pleaded guilty last year to charges that he skimmed money from a Queens community group to which he had directed grants over the years.
One of his earlier works is “ The Trial of Ebenezer Scrooge ,” set a year after the visits of the three Christmas spirits.
John Bongino, Smithtown’s building director, said his office received a call on Feb. 26 that a crew was demolishing the buildings.
Buyers — primarily Europeans — were cautious about spending money, and bidding was thin.
Chloe Hamrick, a sophomore biology major at Ohio Wesleyan, wanted a real job, not the “make-work jobs designed to give students something to do that they can get paid for.” She is a tour guide, a job that, for reasons administrators say they don’t really understand, is consistently in great demand.
Perhaps the greatest evidence of the Roll-n-Glow’s success is that it has spawned an imitation: “Amish-style” space heaters are now available on the Web site electricfireplaces.com , starting at $399.
Many of the 17 books that Ms. Ehrenreich has written during the past three and half decades have taken her into alien worlds.
ISLAND PARK Jordan’s Lobster Bar, 1 Pettit Place; jordanlobsterfarms.com ; (516) 889-3314.
“Many of these weaving and construction techniques are a dying art, such as a very intricate herringbone pattern,” said Clement Onn, the curator of the exhibition.
“He certainly looks the part,” Ryan said.
He is taken to task for not aggressively pursuing the politicians collaborating with the cartels.
It was Hall who hatched the kidnapping plan.
Captain Smith, below, depicts sponges, octopuses and jellyfish with gold tentacles in a “dark but jubilant vision” of the final resting place of Edward John Smith, the Titanic’s captain, she said.
And if that came about I would pay that.
The federal Transportation Department is expected to announce its awards this winter, and state lawmakers have said that was a catalyst for the special session this month that produced the rail legislation.
The problems may just be the effects of age.
That kind of simple step, Dr. Paulus noted, does not require an overhaul of the current system.
Gourmet Burger Bistro, 5 Mill Creek Road, Port Jefferson; (631) 403-4033. gourmetburgerbistro.com .
But the biggest jump is in Shoreham-Wading River, where the proposed tax levy increase is almost 27 percent.
He admitted that the incident was a distraction but said he was not sure whether it affected the outcome of the series, which the Rangers lost in Game 7.
Mr. Bernstein, a columnist for The International Herald Tribune, the global edition of The New York Times, sees Richard Burton, a British Arabist, as perhaps most to blame, being among the first to popularize the notion of the East as offering an endless procession of licentiousness and abandon.
All in all, a sad and dreamy day in postwar Italy.
In Mexico, people went back to work on Wednesday, but more than 33 million students spent another day at home.
Her accomplishments are abundant, but above all the unique and special relationships Jodi forged with her children, family and close friends will be forever missed.
Marbury bears no scoring responsibility while flanked by Paul Pierce and Ray Allen.
These children look like mutants, the product of a science experiment with human embryos gone horribly wrong.
“Virtually every sector aside from the health care sector is losing jobs,” said Sean Snaith, an economist at the University of Central Florida in Orlando, Fla. “Housing has been central to Florida’s economic story throughout the entire cycle.
The noun bespoke well-upholstered and Gatsby-esque lives played out against a backdrop of mansions and servants and among others who, as Holly Brubach once observed in The New York Times, “ordered their trunks from Louis Vuitton, their trousseaux from Christian Dior, their Dom Pérignon by the case.” Carriage-trade luxury went south a while ago and with it went the carriage trade itself.
We have always wished you a great life and to go to heaven after you die.” In the days after the urban withdrawal by the Americans, several Iraqi insurgent and opposition leaders announced that they would no longer single out Iraqis.
It said the penalty had been $120,000, but $70,000 had been suspended contingent on the company’s compliance.
The argument to do so, Mr. Altfest said, goes like this: “China and India are going to take over the world, so why don’t I put all of my money in the fastest-growing area?” In October 2008, when the view of the region was less sanguine, Mr. Altfest put client money in two Asia funds.
It’s like those of houses in California.
Along with Eric H. Holder Jr., the nominee for attorney general, Mr. Craig met recently with a group of retired military leaders who presented a menu of options for them to consider.
Though she remains unknown to most New Yorkers, Ms. Gillibrand, 42, is accustomed to hardball politics and is considered an up-and-coming lawmaker who has built support beyond Democratic voters in her largely rural, blue-collar district.
Apulian volute krater, above, and a 14th-century gold-plated cross, left.
There are hunters in East Texas who track wild hogs, slice off their testicles so the beasts will fatten and lose their gamy taste and then shoot them months later.
Such a chaotic scene needed a firm, decisive and confident hand.
Old Friends Hatch a Plan It all started in June 2000 with a simple business proposition, according to the judges’ indictment and more than 40 interviews with courtroom workers, authorities and others.
With the bankruptcy of the CIT Group, one of the biggest small-business lenders in the country, community banks sense even more opportunity to fill the void.
(Ms. Gomez is good at showing us Margery enjoying the spectacle of Margery.)
When Isla met with Patricia Field, the costume goddess who worked with us on the movie, the only thing she asked was for the highest heels possible.
The Yankees need yet another catcher after Jose Molina, the backup to the injured Jorge Posada, strained his left quadriceps running the bases in the fourth inning.
(Tony Straiges designed the set, and Howell Binkley the lighting.)
After all, you cannot denounce a one-state solution unless you believe in a two-state solution.
The Martha Graham Dance Company ’s gala on Thursday night at the Skirball Center — which also honored the impresario Paul Szilard and the singer Phoebe Snow — gave us Graham ancient and modern.
Then, after being turned down by a Sutton Place co-op board, they decided to rent instead.
There is also a contingent of Voulkos pots and sculptures, but the star here — and perhaps in the show over all — is a small early vase from the 1940s by Rudolf Staffel, whose flaring shape and deftly pinched rim bring to mind both Ohr and Rie.
He also understood the value of getting on base and creating chaos.
I don't know how much that will inspire a veteran team.
Sex, George said, is the key to this “comprehensive unity.” He then imagined himself as a man with no interest in sex who proposed to seal a romance by committing to play tennis only with his beloved.
But some ads promote a new generation of devices for cars.
rendered Pastor Flippin’s first name wrong, calling him Richard, rather than Ricardo.
“With other authors, you’re not always a participant, you can’t always relate.” Emily Chalas, 18, who graduated from DeWitt Clinton and is a freshman at City University of New York, was also at the dinner and had attended past literary dinners at the Y.
The Boston Yanks made his grandfather Frank Dancewicz the top overall pick in the 1946 N.F.L.
A Pennsylvania judge on Friday entered a final divorce decree for Jon and Kate Gosselin, above, who had starred alongside their eight children on a popular TLC reality show.
The defending overall champion Andre Greipel of the American team Columbia-High Road won in a sprint.
Slowly, fashion and media designers, architects and artists have occupied the neighborhood’s empty spaces, centered mainly on and around Lindengasse, a block north of Mariahilfer.
Fleury, 41, said things were different now.
Seeing these figures in a more informal and candid forum, so the theory went, would be revealing.
This was our third interview about the economy, the first two occurring during last year’s campaign.
As the rhetoric escalates, Iceland's finance minister, Steingrimur J. Sigfusson, a former truck driver and lifelong leftist, finds himself in the awkward position of defending not only the deal but the severe economic restrictions that the country has been forced to endure to qualify for more funds from the IMF and lenders like Denmark and Norway.
China’s huge and complicated labor market has long thrived on cheap labor and lax regulation.
“She unzipped her bag, and she pulled out the same prescriptions,” Dr. Kagen said.
It’s about keeping the money inside of those all-inclusive places.
“And this defense will be right where I predicted it will be, right at the top of this league.” Of that, and so much more, Ryan remains certain.
“We have promised too much,” Mr. Schwarzenegger said in Sacramento, calling the state’s fiscal situation disastrous.
Mr. Simango, the mayor of the country’s second-largest city, Beira, may not even manage 10 percent of the presidential vote.
Is the school safe?’ ” Dr. Frieden, speaking at a news conference at the health department, noted that both patients who died were relatively young.
While reading your article about the firing of illegal immigrants, I did not feel that this was the loss of 1,800 jobs at American Apparel, but rather the opening of 1,800 potential jobs for people who are here legally.
Villanova Extends Streak Angelo Babbaro ran for 148 yards and 2 touchdowns as host Villanova won in a 46-7 rout against New Hampshire in the Football Championship Subdivision quarterfinals.
Cashman also cited Hinske’s plate discipline as a reason he attracted the Yankees.
He’ll talk to you when you say hello first.” Menchov grew up in Orel, about 225 miles from Moscow, where he lived with his mother, a shopkeeper, and his sister.
“It was my last game at Giants Stadium, probably as a Giant.
person doesn’t have that one written down so you can say Niagara Falls or the Grand Canyon or anything else you want to say, and no one’s going to call you on it, so please, there’s low pressure on this.” And so you go around the room and people say things.
Two deaths were attributed to winds in New Jersey .
He briefly described Captain Williams as a man who had risen from difficult circumstances, had run track at Louisiana State University and had done two tours with the Army in Iraq.
Dr. Sundlof said food makers were required to tell the agency about safety issues only after shipping products.
The standard mode of consciousness in a fashion show is to feel blitzed to the point of emptiness.
“The standard for enrolling kids in foster care that the child welfare agency used was higher than the federal standard.” However, the institute also discovered problems.
“So now we can travel to Staten Island for our home games.” Yankee Stadium is a kind of marker of civic values, and the end of the season is a good time to measure how those values have evolved.
Legislators can either start doing the public’s work now, or voters should turn them out.
Because the disease’s symptoms wax and wane on their own and vary considerably from one patient to another, it has been hard to demonstrate the efficacy of drugs in clinical trials.
Among his other films, Mr. Yankovsky played a former champion bicyclist who is rescued from his drunken ways by a plain-looking librarian in Sergei Mikaelyan’s romantic comedy “Love at His Own Choice,” which was shown at the New Directors/New Films Festival in New York in 1985.
Funeral services will be held at Riverside Memorial Chapel, 180 West 76th Street, New York, NY 10023, at 11am on Sunday, November 1.
Still, Ms. Buie said that even had she known the extent of the stock market carnage, it still might not have helped her clients’ performance much.
Both are $60 and $73; includes meal.
The block letters on the marquee outside on the sidewalk on Friday advertised an Italian luncheon on April 14.
''Children,'' photographs by William Ropp.
(“Click here to find like-minded people.”) A chapter usually requires at least 10 members, although Mr. Thompson said, “We’ll let them start at eight.” He said the mandate is to establish relationships with a community’s opinion makers: “It could be a member of the city council, it could be the head of the chamber of commerce, key people in the Kiwanis.” But a request to talk to people who had recently joined the cause was met with resistance by James Fitzgerald, the national director of field activities, who began the conversation by criticizing a New York Times article about the society from 1966.
A Jazz at Lincoln Center concert in their honor is almost something to dread: not necessarily because the records are technically beyond reach, but because such an event can quickly become a knowing lob to the fetishizers.
These stories don’t directly touch my life, and as far as I know he’s never written a song about a middle-age pundit who interviews politicians by day and makes mind-numbingly repetitive school lunches at night.
He is trying to explain to various teams that they will not buy trouble by drafting him.
In a statement Tuesday, a Bank of America spokesman said the bonuses would not have had a big effect on the shareholder vote.
Landlords typically start nonpayment proceedings in housing court after a few months of missed rent, depending in part on a tenant’s previous payment history; the goal is usually not eviction.
“There is a regulatory vacuum in this area and the federal government is the only entity that could fill it,” he said.
It has killed roughly 4,000 Americans and sent roughly 40,000 to the hospital.
Karen approached all parts of her life with equal passion and dedication.
To make sure that her clients’ keys still work, she can have her crew put graphite in the mechanism.
Most wore Blackhawks garb and booed when Red Wings players walked from the first-base dugout to the rink in the middle of the field for warm-ups.
Sabrina went to her mother’s room later to get Vaseline for her lips.
“If your child is the one that dies, you’ve paid a very high price for ‘natural’ immunity.” (The poll was a telephone survey of 1,502 adults from Sept. 2 to Sept. 7, with a margin of sampling error of plus or minus three percentage points.)
Virtual colonoscopy, formally known as CT colonography, uses noninvasive CT scans, which depend on X-rays to get images of the inside of the colon for abnormal growths called polyps.
With three months left on a four-year prison sentence Caffrey escapes, deposits himself in a Rolls-Royce and high-tails it to Manhattan, where he goes shopping for vintage clothes, finds enviable deals and lands a benefactor in the form of a widow played by Diahann Carroll and, ultimately, a room in her Riverside Drive mansion.
Such a situation last season would have had Jerry Manuel making seven pitching changes, Johan Santana covering his eyes in the clubhouse and fans preparing for another loss.
Chicago thinks so, or at least some of the city’s leadership does.
In New York, I have never heard a single parent say they were afraid their kid couldn’t make it home from school unarmed.
The lawsuit was filed in December after Bank of America struck a predatory lending settlement with attorneys general in 11 states.
He was identified as Frank Floyd, 76, of Hallettsville.
Carolyn Quinn Ebbitt and Robert Dante Russo III were married Saturday at Sacred Heart Church in Thompson, Conn.
''You have to give your customers a reason to come to your place,'' said Mr. Kuhn, a German chef.
The Goldstone committee examined closely the cause of deaths of the 1,387 Palestinians who perished, and the degree of damage to the various areas.
So they shote hit after hit till the populace n’ere rendered pan-shandal nor crass nor led Kennawees, and drew breath from this most delightful new rug, which remained sadictive through constrant elocution of new bibs an bobs.
Though Marissa Mayer, a Google vice president, calmly told the senators on the panel led by Senator Kerry that “it’s still very early,” we all know better.
These days, Ms. Kirby shows up at the office largely for the companionship and to polish her existing listings.
34 in the world and was ranked as high as ninth in 2005.
The cabinet changes are being closely watched for signs that Mr. Ahmadinejad might be making conciliatory gestures toward some of his critics.
All three pictures date from a single year, 1887, when some eschatological strain in Ensor’s thinking was reaching a fever pitch.
Then around 1:40 a.m., he said, the officers started to get rougher, throwing one young man down hard on a pool table.
They commissioned Dr. Pace, a distinguished microbiologist, to determine what these background levels might be.
Since then, the police in several California cities with similar local ordinances have successfully used dealer records to identify, track and arrest felons and others who illegally bought ammunition.
The statements of former senior officials and government reports reveal how physicians, psychologists and other members of the healing professions were used to break the bodies and minds of detainees in American custody.
Then, we saw it — the Bodhi Tree.
Wednesdays through Sundays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Wadsworth Atheneum Museum of Art, 600 Main Street.
The new $300 PlayStation 3 Slim console comes with a 120-gigabyte hard drive, a Blu-ray disc player and built-in Wi-Fi capabilities.
CLINTON: Hey, man, it’s me.
Its oil sands produce 1.3 million barrels of oil a day, up from 600,000 a day in 2000.
WITH: Adèle Anderson, Dillie Keane and Liza Pulman.
This film is not rated.
: ‘GOTHIC: DARK GLAMOUR,’ through Feb. 21.
The majority leader, Senator Harry Reid of Nevada , suggested that a final vote on the stimulus plan could come on Thursday.
Dream job: Being a Mets beat writer would definitely be up there.
Khamenei, as commander, appoints its top leadership, but it is not monolithic.
Barbara Carroll tenderly seized the moment at the Oak Room of the Algonquin Hotel in her first Sunday afternoon concert of the season with her choice of a relatively obscure Stephen Sondheim ballad, “With So Little to Be Sure Of,” as the final number.
Even Randi Weingarten , the president of the teachers’ union, lavished praise on the mayor and his chancellor.
The United States will not attend the second World Conference Against Racism in Geneva unless the conference's main document improves, according to a State Department official, though the Obama administration sent a delegation to preparatory talks in Geneva.
Without them, it would be very difficult to manage risk or allocate capital among business lines.
His mother is an administrative assistant for the Country Fire Authority in Victoria, Australia; she is also a civil marriage officiant.
But in China, where interest rates are typically low and the government restricts investors from sending money overseas, there are few options for big returns.
“They said this was the first and last time they would help me,” she said.
AMENITIES New York City is the amenity; you’re not going to spend a lot of time in the hotel.
Either way, there is a scene toward the end where the kid is gliding around the arena as though suddenly weightless, hands raised high in victory, eyes scanning the jubilant crowd for the coach who never gave up on him, while tears of joy and pain and sheer physical exhaustion stream down his cheeks.
DiPietro has not even set a date for his return.
These are some of the treats that Antoine Amrani, a former pastry chef of Le Bec-Fin restaurant in Philadelphia, now makes in a small factory near the city.
Others, not so lucky, were left stranded at Calais or in Paris.
“Full Circle is their Tony Awards ,” said Brian Pollack, 30, the drama and creative writing facilitator at Matheny.
But we are poor at nation-building, at fighting guerrilla wars, at spending tax money within our means, at living in a police state and, more generally, at forcing the world to behave as we think it should.
“Let’s save seniors who have paid into the Medicare program their whole lives from these damaging cuts,” Mr. McCain said.
“The Oyster Bar was easy,” said Jane Lerner, one of her stepsisters.
Koo, 17 Purdy Avenue, Rye, (914) 921-9888; koorestaurant.com .
The senators on this special committee hail from Montana, North Dakota , New Mexico , Iowa, Maine and Wyoming .
And as he went through Roman Catholic schools, Manhattan College and the Marine Corps — institutions synonymous with formal dress — Mr. Kelly’s tie knots were dutiful studies in sturdiness and sharp angles.
Daughter of J. David and Georgine Lyons.
The almost comically sweeping attempt to reach the world’s entire literate population is a reflection of the ambitions of the Google Book Search project, in which the company hopes to digitize every book — famous or not, in any language, published anywhere on earth — found in the world’s libraries.
Back-to-school has historically been one of the most lucrative times of the year for retailers, but sales in July and August were markedly down as consumers pinched pennies.
Out of necessity, she began to develop her own safe recipes for canned foods she found useful, like pickled cauliflower and marinated artichokes.
“We hope the South African government will review its position in the future and allow both companies an opportunity to re-engage,” Bharti said.
Mr. Brown, a former two-term California governor, has been hinting for months at a run.
Even the Seine, from here, looked like an open wound.
“It doesn’t always work that way.” These Jets are out of answers, especially at quarterback.
Parents had pushed the Department of Education to allow the continued hiring school aides paid with P.T.A.
Under the deal, Carlyle will no longer use intermediaries, known as placement agents, to gain investment business from public pension funds nationwide, and it will curtail its campaign contributions to elected officials who oversee pension funds.
By using structural bamboo in the construction of the board, Salomon was able to both reduce the amount of resin in the board and make it lighter.
It is cheaper, and easier, to rent a car than to rely on taxis, even though most of beachfront Tulum is a walking town.
“The notion that Madoff came to my office many times is a fiction,” Mr. Levitt says.
In addition to his brother Mitchell, who lives in Newton, Mass., he is survived by his parents, who live in Manhattan; another brother, Keith, of Stamford, Conn.; a son, Adam, of Los Angeles; and a daughter, Alexandra, of Manhattan.
Indeed, it was a crossing-the-Rubicon moment for many nationalists as their leaders condemned the killings and urged their followers to pass on any information to the police.
That is why I came here.
But what Mr. Falkiner really loves to do is take a few of his most venturesome clients to places like Lebanon or Kashmir.
But as it turned out, that was not the final word.
Police told me that he married a woman from Makhisa and sometimes stayed in the village until he was killed on June 7, 2006.
He was mean so Blair could be nice.
When Hitler invaded France, we had to leave.
“He never said, ‘No, I can’t,’ ” Mr. Vereen said of Mr. Wright.
These unvarnished conclusions by Mr. Sanger will of course confirm the perfidy that Karl Rove and Bill O’Reilly presume lies in the black hearts of Times reporters.
Catholic Charities Brooklyn and Queens is one of seven agencies supported by the fund.
More recently, there has been growing debate over whether the policies have gone too far.
The few that land banking jobs today will face less competition.
On a typical weeknight, the Courtyard gets 15 to 20 walk-ins for its 244 rooms.
A senior White House official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that the president “thinks they were fairly tried and received a just verdict” but that the punishment was “excessive, especially given the harsh conditions in which they have to serve their sentences.” Both men had been held in solitary confinement for their own protection since they were imprisoned about two and a half years ago.
Erdem Moralioglu, a designer with Turkish roots, has previously used intense pattern with rich drama.
Booking a rafting trip in Turrialba is a local affair, in which company owners (some of them expatriate Americans) will come to your hotel common room to discuss the trip in person.
The House and Senate bills, and the stimulus legislation, have a lot of ideas that could bring down costs over time.
“God bless them,” said Steven Spinola, president of the Real Estate Board of New York.
This has led us to underestimate babies in the past.
JOSIE MERCK and EDWARD STRONG.
On-field personnel wore red hats with the American flag inside logos.
Among other things, he disputed an account attributed to him in “The Final Days,” a book written by Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward, in which he was said to have seen Nixon wandering the halls of the White House, murmuring to past presidents.
The Parliament of Kyrgyzstan voted Thursday to terminate the American military’s eight-year lease on an air base outside the capital, Bishkek, and President Kurmanbek Bakiyev is expected to send Washington an official notification requiring it to vacate the base within six months.
Those in the back, though, had a little more time to enjoy the scenery.
401, New York, NY 10017 or online.
“No, I was fine,” he said.
Indexes in Britain, Germany and France rose more than 1 percent.
Also in attendance were Mahir Nisar, a lawyer and former player, and Adnan Munawar, a businessman.
The law currently allows the police to make arrests only if the person directly affected — usually a woman entering a clinic for an abortion — is willing to press charges.
“it was a nice blouse, too,” and that when she ran into his arms on her return to him, she was so light that he could have thrown her up to the ceiling.
Don’t start out with a big area and a tiller like a farmer.” Following your own instincts as opposed to set rules is another aspect of the philosophy, he said.
The military has begun an operation against fighters loyal to Mr. Mehsud in South Waziristan and in recent days succeeded in taking over Kotkai , Mr. Mehsud’s hometown.
After the intermission the ensemble Ne(x)tworks performs music by Kate Moore, Christopher McIntyre, Shelley Burgon and Cornelius Dufallo.
Mrs. Epstein, 29, is a counseling intern at the Angelo Patri Middle School in the Bronx.
There is an even broader range of homes and property for sale outside the resort.
Some make a living catering to the floaters who loll down the river on rafts in the summer.
Moreover, just days after saying at Mr. Obama’s side that “no one is saying that missile defense is harmful in itself or that it poses a threat to someone,” Mr. Medvedev said Friday that missile defense was “harmful” and “threatening to Russia.” The food aid initiative, agreed upon at the Group of 8 summit meeting, is intended to transform traditional aid to poorer countries beyond simply donated produce, grains and meats to assistance building infrastructure and training farmers to grow their own food and get it to market more efficiently.
Back in the 1990s, when I heard that the curly-haired TV writer I was being fixed up with was in his 40s, had no children or previous wives and had never even cohabitated with a woman, I thought, “Great, no baggage.” Luckily he waited until I was smitten before taking me to his apartment.
If an event is canceled outright, planners who work on commission usually do not make a dime.
IN August, T-Mobile got serious about paperless billing.
(Form truly does follow function when it comes to spreading as much deadly shrapnel as efficiently as possible around as large an area as possible.)
They did not like his haute couture flair, his high-­maintenance needs and his manicured quotes for the media.
His tenure was marred by a prison riot in February 1980.
“She keeps following her from room to room.”
“When people are desperate they are prepared to accept any injustice to be freed,” Mr. Román added.
Memorial service: Garlick Funeral Home, Monticello, NY, July 14, 11am.
Mr. Gerber has said he might consider running again.
“All I know is that David Wright’s face was in the dirt, and all the Mets fans were panicking,” Roberts said.
When your husband turns into a Harlequin romance, babbling to The A.P.
A waterfront Olympic Stadium would be built on a reclaimed slice of the shoreline of Tokyo Bay.
“I’m going to talk about the same issues and in the same way.
PEEKSKILL Paramount Center for the Arts “Girls Night Out: Rosie O’Donnell and Cyndi Lauper,” stand-up, with pop music.
Len Chenfeld is a bright, unimposing high school senior with the slightly spotty skin of a hormone-challenged teenager and the crystalline agenda of a Zen master: a Zen master addicted to basketball.
Oh, it feels great as a smartphone.
But rather than giving up on its green jobs mantra, the White House will rededicate itself to promoting green industries at the jobs meeting, which will bring together business and labor leaders, politicians and economists.
Johan Edfors, a Swedish golfer who plays primarily on the European circuit, has been wearing Puma’s military caps, which have a similar shape and a slightly softer top.
We could see the deep, almost tropical, blues and greens of Dana Lake far below us.
After months of cutting deals and stroking drug makers, hospitals and doctors, the president’s aides are laying the groundwork for a final round of Congressional arm-twisting, with Mr. Obama increasingly in a hands-on role.
The Bunk Pod room has twin bunk beds, each with a flat-screen TV (separate remotes), and a balcony.
“All of the people who were spending ridiculous amounts of money were on their daddy’s wallets,” she said.
So I flew to San Francisco, where it was chilly, damp, foggy, perfect sleeping weather.
I remember being huddled in the dark with about 100 people.
And if a food was not listed?
CAPE MAY Cape May Stage “ Social Security ,” by Andrew Bergman.
Whether out of love, loneliness or the quest for a green card, he had twice married American women after entering the country on a visitor’s visa in 1993.
In their intense self-regard, these men failed to notice that they were no longer even in office.
“When people are unable to make sense of what is happening to them, they are not really healed, even if they have been diagnosed.
“Roche is calling the next moves.” Until now, Genentech executives have remained studiously silent on the deal, saying it was a matter for the board committee.
Not every new product is a sure bet.
Still, given that the agreement literally hits people where they live, it is inevitable that some Obama voters — and plenty of those who voted against him — might have misgivings.
Several refineries in the Midwest had temporary maintenance delays and problems, including at the large BP refinery in Whiting, Ind., which has had to retool its operations to refine fuels from Canadian oil sands .
The other two conflicts arise from investments Mr. Sorkin and members of his family had with Mr. Madoff over the years.
But he doesn’t make the moral case.
Despite the hostile intentions of some Guant?mo detainees, the president said, U.S. citizens should not feel uneasy about a relatively small number being imprisoned in the American homeland.
At least, that is, until the next time.
The California rap duo U-N-I announced that it is “unsigned by choice” and that it will release its second album, “A Love Supreme,” as a free download on March 31.
Many supporters have seen it as a way to punish Syria and its proxies here, which they tend to blame for all the assassinations since 2005.
“If they’re going to X me,” Mr. Williams said, “I’d like to at least get in the door first.” Similarly, Barry Jabbar Sykes, 37, who has a degree in mathematics from Morehouse College, a historically black college in Atlanta , now uses Barry J. Sykes in his continuing search for an information technology position, even though he has gone by Jabbar his whole life.
She pulled out the victory dramatically with an eagle on the last hole, yet in terms of corralling momentum it was like lassoing air.
But some researchers argue that mental engagement — doing crossword puzzles, reading books — may delay the arrival of symptoms.
It appeared that Ariza had found a good home.
American fashion has a rich history.
Loving son of the late Harry A. and Marie K. Berke.
In contrast to several recent Fed decisions, with the presidents of some regional Fed banks dissenting, the decision at Wednesday’s meeting of the 10 members of the Federal Open Market Committee, the central bank’s policy making group, was unanimous.
This year, a typical American household spent roughly $15,000 on health care.
And all of them were willing to be publicly named and to have their photographs taken.
Sheriff Pazin said he was skeptical that Ms. Valenti had been buying books and school supplies to improve her career choices.
The membership requirement means that several Minneapolis agencies with reputations for well-regarded work — among them, Mono, Olson and Zeus Jones — are sidelined.
“My feeling is that Obama is just throwing money at things, but I don’t see anything being specifically targeted,” Lynn Adams, 62, a Republican from Troy, Mich., said in a follow-up interview.
That further complicates the president’s struggles, together with Democrats in Congress, to pay for overhauling health care.
When a judge is not available, some court proceedings are held by video.
“We know he is a great shooter, and that is the biggest thing,” D’Antoni said of Gallinari.
The stimulus bill began paying for such research, but the health reform bills fail to pick up where the stimulus leaves off.
A vast plaza would sit on top of this lower level, its surface pierced by big, eye-shaped light wells.
Despite their dwindling riches, there remains something of a fascination with German aristocrats — several gossip magazines like Bunte and Gala chronicle their loves, fortunes and scandals.
He was able to think and write clearly, and his incontinence improved.
All efforts are devoted to screening people who are considered most suspect, even though the real terrorist may not match the highest profile.
“What we don’t do is give help to lock makers.” That is one point on which the German and Dutch clubs differ.
From the start, Mr. Obama intended to involve Poland in the new system.
Why, I wondered, had G.M.
It is difficult not to laugh aloud at this solitude not yet a full 24 hours’ distance from New York.
And a group of high school musicians from economically challenged Newark, Ohio, cheered after tying for second in an orchestra competition at Lincoln Center in New York.
He soon wanted his own space, and the Village Gate was born.
They say Japanese political opinion opposes significant changes in the Washington alliance as Japan faces a rising China and a nuclear-armed North Korea.
One resident across the street from a post office put small American flags on top of a huge mound of snow that had been plowed into a parking space and left a note: “Thanks, U.S.
Every now and then, looking at a portrait, my daughter asked of the birds, “Are they dead?” She knew Audubon lived more than 150 years ago, so she wasn’t expecting the subjects to still be alive.
But once their new house is built, there could be as few as 22 full-time, year-round positions.
The story of his return begins in Captain America No.
One reason for the slow growth in imports has been China’s restrictions on imported books, movies and other content.
As Louis aged — afflicted by chronic tooth decay, a prostate tumor and a nasty case of gout — he worried that his adultery might cost him the kingdom of heaven.
His convoy included Iraqi soldiers and police officers.
(My guess is Macedonian with, possibly, a bit of Persian blood.)
At the north end of town, specially trained police officers were gingerly guiding people across the spectacular gap in Highway 27.
“It’s difficult to understand, all this violence.
“We’ve been a business from the outset,” said Lara McCullogh, business development and communications manager of The Big Issue.
“I hate to use the word freak, but he has a God-given talent that very few people have,” Brandt said.
Meanwhile, the security services have detained hundreds of people suspected of being a part of Hamas, often without charge or trial, and torture is sometimes used in their interrogation.
There have also been dozens of attacks on checkpoints and, in the last two months, assassinations of influential tribal leaders and the destruction of vital infrastructure.
Many are heading back in convoys with armed escorts — suggesting that security is anything but certain.
While elders can mediate some cases, she said, they can do nothing if an abusive husband “has no conscience.” For 2,500 years, Bukharan Jews lived in and around the Central Asian city of Bukhara, largely in what became the Soviet republics of Uzbekistan and Tajikistan.
Viewed from one angle, the Polish side is more to blame for this unnecessary dispute.
Now Mr. Murtha also agreed to accept a new rule requiring competitive bidding on earmarked contracts.
They’re fortunate the problem will resolve itself.
In recent weeks, Mr. Berlusconi has filed a series of lawsuits against newspapers in Italy, France and Spain that he accuses of biased reporting.
“It justifies that I worked hard to get where I’m at,” he said.
Several teams, including those that would seem to be obvious landing spots because they have no established starting quarterback, have stated that they are not interested in him.
An air-conditioner put out more noise than air.
Ms. Kistler no longer dances any of the roles in which Balanchine or Jerome Robbins coached her.
Mrs. Reagan became teary as she recalled her last visit to the Rotunda, when her husband lay in state five years ago.
At times, such efforts have backfired, with parents calling the posters puppets of the mayor and suggesting that they take their suggestions elsewhere.
And in the most farcical plot element, which will become the grimmest, he needs to untangle a mess in a distant war-torn country that sounds very much like Iraq to salvage an unfortunate investment involving 1,000 sheep and a sheep-dip facility.
It is, despite its promise of freshness, business as usual.
Mr. Gardiner captured the moments of serene bliss beautifully.
One, called “Alive Air,” will “add spontaneous, original elements throughout our schedule,” Mr. Reilly said, “to keep the engagement up through the commercial pods.”
The Tankan — a closely watched quarterly poll by the Bank of Japan measuring sentiment among big Japanese manufacturers — plummeted to -58 in March from -24 in December, the lowest level since the survey began in 1974.
Handling a dirty wad of vellum, sharp-eyed Agnes saw that its text, a racy collection of the lives of female saints, was written over another document.
And with the collapse of Wall Street, Mr.
And yet his work is very much of a piece.
Consumer spending has fluctuated this year, and economists are uncertain about how American consumers will behave as unemployment rises and the country struggles to start growing again.
“I was done having roommates and decided I could afford the luxury of a living room.
The injury required surgery, and a metal plate was affixed to the bone to stabilize it.
What is striking about all of these laws, however, is that Mrs. Merkel has rarely justified any of them publicly or talked about the consequences of implementing them.
“African clothes are dangerous,” he said.
In their favor is the return of most of the offense.
“It doesn’t happen every day that a new institution like this is born, a new opportunity is born.
“I would imagine this is the hour of truth for the panel,” said Isabelle A. Kirshner, a former panel member.
One organization unimpressed with the final rules is FairTest, a nonprofit that is critical of standardized testing.
Though it has pushed out some of its roughly 300 editorial employees, pruned expense budgets, frozen salaries for years and eliminated some sections, like a short-lived Page Six magazine, The Post has actually done less newsroom cutting than most big papers.
For Ellen Atkins, an imports logistics specialist with Fortunoff at its headquarters in Uniondale for 19 years, the ax fell on Friday, Feb. 13, the day before her 11th wedding anniversary on Valentine’s Day .
The surge in layoffs of professionals buttresses the view of some economists that the metropolitan area may not be able to pull itself out of recession quickly.
“What we used to know about it came from studying the very severe end of the spectrum — those with a chronic illness who reach rock bottom.” It is now known that many people have limited episodes of alcohol dependence, and if these are recognized and dealt with early on, many alcohol-related problems can be avoided.
CNN has said it has barred Dr. Gupta from covering stories related to health policy since he told it in mid-December about the offer from Mr. Obama.
Today, 66 seats on the 34 community and citywide councils are unfilled.
agent and then the other.
Television shows have not discussed it.
So the authorities are likely to stick with the tried and true.
Local is the new authentic.
With support from fellow center-left leaders, he pitched Ms. Ashton for the job.
The governor and the lawmakers have been at odds over how to close a two-year, $8.56 billion deficit.
Accordingly, monetizing the U.A.W.’s stake so the union can cover its health care obligations is a higher priority for Chrysler, he said.
Enter “Christmas gift list” to see lists people have compiled for golfers, children and others.
On Wednesday, exhausted from her ordeal, Ms. Ling wanted to take a brief nap but pleaded for her sister to be there when she woke up, her sister said.
“He was always reading books on the line when it was slow,” said one co-worker who did not give her name because her bosses had forbade employees to talk to reporters.
Hong Kong’s elite property agents, responsible for renting out the territory’s most desired addresses, including luxury condominiums and grand colonial mansions overlooking the iconic harbor, have been suffering of late.
In addition to the familiar, like mangoes, the official fruit of India, and coconuts, used in a number of dishes, the fruit and vegetable boxes yield warty-looking karela (bitter melon); the hairy, lumpy arvi (taro root); the ridged toray (a member of the cucumber family); and green beans that range from thin and tiny to a couple of feet long.
At 11 a.m., daily tours of Greenwich Village cultural sites, meeting at the Washington Arch; at 1 p.m., daily tours of the financial district, meeting at the entrance to Battery Park, across from No.
And if not, is there enough of a local clientele without them?
James Norris, the interim athletic director, cited “continuing incidents of concern” that fail to meet the “university’s high standards” in a statement announcing the discipline .
There may be one less favorite for the men’s title at the world championships in London.
I’ve had three elderly women whose cars I’ve taken care of come in crying.” Mitch Friedman moved the store several blocks up North Avenue in 1994 to the site of a defunct Pontiac dealership, and leased the original location to a real estate business.
Rule 6 is, you don’t take yourself too seriously.
The building at 250 Hudson Street, an 80-year-old former printing shop, recently underwent a $30 million renovation.
The party has run the country since apartheid ended 15 years ago, but the new president, Jacob Zuma, had for years been at odds with his predecessor, Thabo Mbeki , and has pledged a new direction.
How especially beautiful it sounded here, where, unlike in Cairo, even the busiest neighborhoods are underpopulated and hushed.
Her teams went 81-90 with four postseason appearances.
“Helen Keller,” answered Mr. Ferrell as Mr. Bush, without pausing to think.
vehicles have won wide praise and sold well.
You can also pick up a mat of chest hair for $8.99.
In lieu of flowers, the family asks that donations be made to the Rye Youth Council or the Madison Square Boys and Girls Club of New York.
It was trained by the Jordanian police in a program overseen by the U.S. Security Coordinator — a k a Dayton.
Being seen as the occupier is just not good for business.
“Our members have responded by accepting an agreement that is painful for our active and retired workers, but which helps preserve U.S. manufacturing jobs and gives Chrysler a chance to survive,” Ron Gettelfinger, the union’s president, said in a statement.
When the final buzzer ratified the Mercury’s 94-86 victory , Taurasi called it “such a nice feeling.” It’s a bliss that Taurasi knows well, having won three N.C.A.A.
For a famous organization that politicians had vowed would outlive its founder, it had a quiet end.
“I have no idea about the budget,” said Southanom Inthavong, the president of the country’s Aquatic Federation who also serves as the international communications liaison for the games.
And Duval right in front.
On Scout’s most recent visit to New York, we scoped out a few different dog runs.
Kirk Kerkorian has $3 billion left, after losing $8.2 billion.
But the coordination and targeting of these attacks raised concern.
“And this is the only way that will happen with the system that’s in place at Binghamton.” She said she stepped forward to report the situation a month ago and had since been removed from her office, had the pass code for her voice mail changed and been relieved of nearly all of her responsibilities.
Even among Republicans, there is no unity on this basic issue.
Not, apparently, in the short run.
(The couple’s wedding location is one the event spaces run by the bride’s paternal grandmother, Abigail Kirsch of Pound Ridge, N.Y., along with other members of the Kirsch family.
Parents of young children can join Costco and make up their membership fee with just a few months of diaper purchases.
His most crucial pitch came against the Mets, in Game 7 of their back-and-forth championship series, with the bases loaded in the bottom of the ninth and the Cardinals clinging to a 3-1 lead.
It is also possible that, more recently, he discovered he had a hormone imbalance.
“People don’t give middle linebackers the credit they should get,” Lewis said after a recent Baltimore Ravens practice.
Lot size: n/a Date built: 1887 Common charges: $414 Taxes: $458 This condominium takes up part of a newly renovated Romanesque Revival building close to Prospect Park.
He’s a good-looking kid and I admire him not only for what he has overcome and become without the benefit of a father, but also for his courage to contact his grateful dad.
20, revealing a split in the group: it is some members’ absolute favorite, but it has its detractors, including one who threw up after eating there, for no clear reason.)
The E.P.A., in a statement, said that officials agreed that overflows posed a “significant environmental and human health problem, and significantly reducing or eliminating such overflows has been a priority for E.P.A.
After all, the banks’ ability to exploit the current hodgepodge of regulatory authorities by seeking out its weakest links allowed them to plunge into unwise and risky strategies that the watchdogs did not block or fully understand.
When the cash to cover withdrawal demands ran out, he confessed to his sons that his money management operation was a fraud and was arrested.
There were several instances of members being compensated for interest on mortgages that turned out not to exist, a criminal matter.
His willingness to help knew no boundaries.
The United States will need to do enormous borrowing for economic stimulus and the bank bailout.
In December, the American commander at the time, Gen. David D. McKiernan, issued guidelines ordering his soldiers to use force that was proportional to the provocation and that minimized the risk of civilian casualties.
NEW BRITAIN New Britain Museum of American Art “Paul Lantuch: Modern Master.” Through Dec. 6.
The Internal Revenue Service is giving tax rebates to first-time buyers, and soon to move-up buyers, in a program beset by accusations of fraud.
“To you and to the people of the state, I’m going to tell you, I’m not perfect and I’m not going to be,” he said.
The three Red Cross workers, Ms. Lacaba of the Philippines, Andreas Notter of Switzerland and Eugenio Vagni of Italy, were abducted Jan. 15 in Sulu, an island province in the southern Philippines, after visiting a water sanitation project at a provincial jail.
But at a program where smashing offensive records has often been the soundtrack, the once-inconceivable barrier of 6,000 is a possibility for Keenum this season.
“This is why I came to the conclusion that this category is as vibrant to readers as it’s ever been,” he said.
He married Barbara (nee Dill), a German physiotherapist, in 1962.
Is China exempt from this broader pattern?
Federico Lombardi, said in a statement.
It’s my impression that Astaire and Rogers have become even more classic than ever.
He and Mr. McCain proposed a select committee more than a month ago in the hope of generating support among colleagues for a broad investigation into the factors on Wall Street that culminated in the financial crises.
Its creator, Ho Pin, a Hunan Province native who once worked for Chinese state media, said, “Our books are the most popular secret reading materials in China.
One 7-year-old son just opened his eyes now.
Not surprisingly, the song is getting extensive air play in the Detroit area and is about to become the group's new American single.
“You start dealing with the heat and the altitude, and it gets into your head,” Arena said.
All of the buildings and houses in the town, Mr. Hautekiet said, were then inexplicably buried under sand by the military, which later appeared to deny that the village had ever existed.
I felt that that was something I could rely on, that was something I could connect with, and that was something for me.
Most likely, though, Nicanor will compete next in an allowance race, possibly in one scheduled for June 17 at Delaware.
You’ve got to take the good with the bad.
Their idea was to keep the billions of water bottles that people in developing nations throw away each year out of landfills while providing the poor with free building materials.
But the governor was humiliated after the Obama administration’s intervention became public and has since taken on a defiant posture.
Much of his songwriting is astonishingly emotionally naked -- ''They all didn't see/the little bit of sadness in me,'' he says of his family on ''Soundtrack 2 My Life'' -- of the sort that lent his debut single, ''Day N Nite,'' such urgency.
The stimulus package taking shape in Congress does little to provide affordable housing for the country’s poorest families.
It was not always so.
share tips or concerns with Finra.
“There aren’t a lot of fights here, even though there’s lots of drinking.
Not only do the young man and woman strike a pose of somnolent eroticism, but they are also mirror images, sharing facial features, hairstyles, even look-alike torsos.
Another project, in Basel, Switzerland , was shut down after it generated earthquakes in 2006 and 2007 and is awaiting the decision of a panel of experts about whether it can resume .
We live in one great ugly town.
The Army is collaborating with the National Institute of Mental Health to study mental health and suicide.
As the postseason gets deeper into warm weather, fans, especially across the United States, have tended to tune out.
Weaving and knotting twisted strands of it, she made odd, flexible forms that she called Little Nothings.
She organized a letter-writing campaign on the issue.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY TONY CENICOLA/THE NEW YORK TIMES)
In the protests, an archaic political system has been shaken by the use of powerful new weapons: foreign-based satellite television channels like the BBC’s that beam their signals into Iran, social networking tools like Twitter and sites like Facebook that act as running diaries on the upheaval and as forums for coordinating protest activities, and cellphone videos that have captured the confrontation in Tehran for worldwide audiences, perhaps most importantly in Iran itself.
“He made it clear to us from the outset that he’s not interested in the job,” said goalie Steve Valiquette, the Rangers’ player representative with the union.
Most entrees come with two sides, which are chosen from an extensive list of regulars and specials.
Strangely in all of this, the Italian government, whose prime minister, Silvio Berlusconi, is rarely thought of as a man racked by conscience, may turn out be the toughest of Durban II’s refuseniks.
between the Western and industrialized nations that lead the nuclear club and define the atomic agency’s prime role as a watchdog, and developing countries more interested in the broader use of nuclear energy .
His wife, two children, daughter-in-law and two grandchildren survive him.
The senators resented the governor’s hard line during the nearly five weeks of stalemate — forcing senators to come into work every day while urging the comptroller to withhold their pay.
Having sold property there at the top of the market a few years ago, he bought in France and relocated with his wife and four daughters.
It begins with a bullet.
It should make clear that it is prepared to begin lifting sanctions if the junta demonstrates its willingness to stop persecuting its own people.
Mr. Mattingly brought an unusual and exciting degree of force to the Prodigal; and the fetal positions through which he passed in his scenes of collapse — a man so powerfully built reverting to such vulnerability — were startling.
Still, with the 500,000-member Pakistani Army focused on its archenemy, India, and reluctant to embrace serious counterinsurgency training, the Frontier Corps, long maligned as poorly trained, ill equipped and at times in league with the insurgents, may yet be the country’s best immediate hope for countering a fast-spreading militancy.
PELHAM Pelham Art Center Tracy Miller, large oil paintings.
That’s the kind of story you won’t hear from Prius owners.
When Ribowsky calls Josh Gibson and Satchel Paige the Charlie Parker and Miles Davis of baseball, he gets it just right.
In Albany, lawmakers are already complaining that Mr. Paterson and his team have not consulted them enough.
“Like many Parisians I have been a great fan of Liberty since I was a little girl,” she says.
The estimated 260,500 active angels in the United States are the largest source of seed and start-up capital for entrepreneurs (not counting their own savings or money from family and friends), according to Jeffrey Sohl, the director of the Center for Venture Research at the University of New Hampshire.
This year alone, North Korean naval vessels have violated South Korean-held waters more than 20 times but had previously retreated when South Korea broadcast warnings.
In the interview through an interpreter, Sano said that he underwent several tests in the last three months at the request of the Pittsburgh Pirates — one of the teams pursuing him — and then M.L.B.
In an industry fixated on “pore less” skin and a goddess-like bone structure, her very ordinariness may be a boon.
They have a wooden hull with iron runners on the bottom.
He helped found the National Museum of African Art in Washington, which in 1976 opened the traveling exhibition “The Sculptor’s Eye: The African Art Collection of Mr. and Mrs. Chaim Gross.” “My father’s enthusiasm was contagious,” Mimi Gross, his daughter, said as she showed a visitor around her father’s art-crammed house and studio, now a private museum in Greenwich Village.
He is called upon once again, however, to speak in an elaborate, densely poetic manner seldom heard outside a theater.
The deeper the count, the less apt the pitcher is to look him back to second.
Until relatively recently, most architects, contractors, engineers, building-code officials and clients were not concerned about this issue.
He represented the United States in the 1960 World Team Olympiad and won seven national championships from 1958 to 1975 when he lived in the New York area and worked for I.B.M.
The points leader, Tony Stewart, had an early radio problem, an issue with his power and a generally miserable night as he finished 33rd.
Interestingly, this model had the best viewfinder LCD: the image looked sharper in the viewfinder than on the large LCD screen.
Presented by Tom Viertel, Steven Baruch, Marc Routh, Richard Frankel, the Menier Chocolate Factory, Roger Berlind, David Babani, Sonia Friedman Productions, Andrew Fell, Daryl Roth/Jane Bergère, Harvey Weinstein/Raise the Roof 3, Beverly Bartner/Dancap Productions Inc., Nica Burns/Max Weitzenhoffer, Eric Falkenstein/Anna Czekaj, Jerry Frankel/Ronald Frankel and James D. Stern/Douglas L. Meyer.
“Because there is,” he said.
The Peanut Corporation agreed to pay for the additional time, but only in future audits, according to those people.
If the military continues its advance, Mr. Aung Kyaw Zaw said, “there will be so much bloodshed.” The central government, he said, has sent reinforcements to the area.
Every Csillag is active and busy, whether sinned against or sinning, but Vamos’s steady progress through the dramas that engulf them renders “The Book of Fathers” contemplative rather than tragic.
Mickey maintained a home in Tuscany for more then 20 years where she immersed herself in the life and culture of Italy.
did miss some criminals, most notably Bernard L. Madoff, and it failed in its regulation of Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns.
This year’s Tour, which ends Sunday in Paris, has not had any positive doping tests.
Day One reaches more than 5,000 youths in New York City each year with preventive education about dating violence and related legal assistance.
Rated T. DAWN OF DISCOVERY.
Nor should he necessarily look to judicial experience as a guide: after all, Justice Souter had been a state court judge for 12 years.
The paintings Sotheby’s is selling on Nov. 4 have remained in Durand-Ruel’s family.
The piece came across as a restless, wildly colorful but rather messy romp.
Her father is the Daniel Rose professor of urban economics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
is much farther ahead in its development of the wind and solar industries.
Monsanto’s rapid rise in power over the past decade has come through a series of seed company acquisitions, broad licensing deals and tightly protected patents for its proprietary seed technology.
There are new indications that North Korea may be transferring nuclear weapons technology to Myanmar , the dictatorship also known as Burma, and that it earlier supplied a reactor to Syria .
1 Maryland, which might be most notable because the Cards’ much more ballyhooed men’s team did not make it, but as ESPN’s Mechelle Voepel explains, No.
Law enforcement officials executed a search warrant at Mr. Markoff’s apartment on Monday night, and police officials said they hoped other potential victims would come forward.
April 15 at 8 p.m. $43 to $52.
But then, discretion has been their byword.
Called Last Call, “it’s about helping consumers not step over that line,” he said.
Then, when the cold war ended, the United States abandoned the region and imposed sanctions on Pakistan for its nuclear program.
“They are traitors, they are not even related to this country,” she said.
“But if something goes wrong, it gets ugly really quickly.” Mr. Creamer began searching for a place near Grand Central Terminal , aware that he would have to sacrifice space (and price) for peace of mind.
There is an accident involving the family’s Chihuahua for which Larita takes the blame; a local revue in which one daughter, at Larita’s supposed behest, scandalizes the family by dancing a can can without her scanties; a fox hunt in which the ever-spirited Larita, who abhors hunting as a blood sport, rides a motorcycle instead of a horse.
“But what it does do is eliminate some of the intramural tensions between the secretary of defense and the secretary of state.” Those tensions have often been epic, whether it was the feuding between Caspar W. Weinberger and George P. Shultz during the Reagan administration or the sniping between Mr. Rumsfeld and Condoleezza Rice in the latter part of the Bush administration.
Willowy and fashion-forward, with a chic pixie haircut, a designer wardrobe and a Harvard M.B.A., Ms. Rogers became the new White House social secretary — and promptly broke the dowdy mold for the job.
Mr. Basescu, the former mayor of Bucharest, came to power five years ago promising to fight corruption.
“You’d have to ask him, but I think he’d like it a lot, because, like any father, he wants his children to do well,” he said.
Family would be grateful for contributions in his name to SHMA 1094 East 4th Street Brooklyn, NY 11230.
“Scrubs,” the hospital comedy starring Zach Braff , below, and Sarah Chalke , which moved to ABC this year after a seven-year run on NBC, will conclude its eighth season on May 6.
But out here in the suburbs, there are mixed emotions.” Mr. Hannon, a senior member of the Republican conference, said that he was inclined to oppose Mr. Paterson’s same-sex marriage legislation, which the governor introduced on Thursday .
In her 25 years as a master teacher and years of community activism, she combined a passion for enhancing the lives of others with a genius for innovative programs, always bringing people together.
But the union said the company had no such right, and many opponents of the package said the company was bluffing.
Aug. 30 at 11 a.m. $5; members, free.
I’d like to work with the same flexibility that Merce had.
Four of the five charter groups operate nonunion.
During the same period, a separate joint investigation by the state inspector general and the Tompkins County district attorney found that the independent ombudsman’s office charged with overseeing youth prison centers had virtually ceased to function.
It’s not the best deal, but it beats the empty bag true preferred shareholders would have been left holding.
For the second time in less than 24 hours, Republican and Democratic leaders in the State Senate emerged on Friday from Gov.
So, sorry, the Open Championship.” Pressed on whether it should matter which title one uses, Poulter shrugged.
They came at you swiftly, leaving only a faint gust of air as they detoured at the last possible instant.
It is loud, and it bounces under the weight of so many vehicles.
Or the best friend, also a standout football player, who is serving a life sentence in prison.
Even as she entered her 90s, Elsie's pink-smocked presence continued to lend assistance and comfort to countless patients and visitors.
Services in Houston are with Geo.
Mr. Kotz said in the report that he hoped to complete the investigation in August.
“I’m astonished,” said Mortimer B. Zuckerman, the publisher and real estate executive whose charitable trust lost $30 million through Mr. Merkin.
In the aftermath of the Sept. 11 attacks, President George W. Bush picked a surgeon who served on police SWAT teams.
According to a list obtained by The Associated Press, there are 212 players who would be considered restricted free agents — instead of unrestricted — if there is no salary cap in 2010.
With real estate prices at 2003 levels, snowbirds and beachcombers from the Northeast who used to fantasize about owning their own little piece of sunshine are starting to smell deals.
It was cited in 2007 for violations on one of its houses, but didn’t show up in court.
Boris Akunin, a celebrity in his home country of Russia, is back with the third installment in his series of literary detective novels featuring the mystery-solving nun, Sister Pelagia.
Deflation can result in a downward spiral that can be difficult to reverse.
“I think it emphasizes a realist, a pragmatist, someone who is not on a strictly political or ideological exercise,” said Senator Jack Reed, Democrat of Rhode Island, who is close to the president.
Conventional wisdom says that films are damaged by delay, either because the audience begins to suspect trouble or simply because the culture at large moves on.
Crew, tweaks reality more subtly on his Web site, “What I Saw Today,” maneuvering a stick of charcoal to give his skinny hipsters and barflies a louche elegance they might not otherwise possess.
“ Some Thoughts on the Lost Art of Reading Aloud ,” by Verlyn Klinkenborg (Editorial Observer, May 16).
The chain posted record sales and earnings for the three months that ended Oct. 31.
He lost some of his hearing for a short while, after a house on his street was destroyed.
Christina fingered the swollen pages of “The Skin I’m In,” ready to cry.
If the cost of treating a patient was less than the global payment, the provider networks, called accountable care organizations, would keep the difference as profit.
There are, of course, profound differences between the uses of emergency under the current and former administrations.
His strong debut album, “Migration” (Cam Jazz), features contributions from the tenor saxophonist Chris Potter and the bassist Scott Colley, who rejoin him here.
Stop in at the one-room museum dedicated to the revolutionary Sun Yat-sen, whose photos include some from Sun’s visit to Chicago shortly before he played a leading role in overthrowing the Qing Dynasty in 1911.
Other candidates include Brian Billick, the former Ravens coach, and Leslie Frazier, the Vikings’ defensive coordinator.
It was a family affair,” said Paul J. Browne, the Police Department’s chief spokesman.
''It's better for me at the transfer company, because I can learn here and look for work,'' Mr. Marul said.
It has not helped his swing.
The bridegroom, 46, is a managing director in the wealth management group of Oppenheimer & Company, the New York investment bank.
After he started working with a writing specialist he found through the university, his grades began to improve, and so did his attitude.
Last year, according to China Daily, the court overturned 10 percent of all death sentences imposed by lower courts.
Today the collection of low-key colors is the No.
Michael P. Smith, the president of the New York Bankers Association , a group that represents commercial banks and thrift institutions in the state, including 1,600 branches in the city, said he would prefer that banks tailor their own security plans rather than have blanket directives foisted upon them by law.
(The final part of that $100 million initiative — sprucing up the wing’s painting galleries — is progressing toward the scheduled 2011 completion.)
Maybe some of the children participating in a fitness clinic in Central Park on Friday dream of growing up to be the N.F.L.
It found documents indicating that the beatings might have occurred in the Homochitto National Forest, giving the Justice Department reason to claim federal jurisdiction.
They shot him in the skull more or less in front of her.
However, the reader is left wishing that Del Ponte were as indiscreet about her dealings with the superpowers as she is, for example, about her relations with her own officials.
In fact, it is just the opposite.” Even as China steps up its censorship efforts, the country’s Internet participation is booming.
Only a week ago, he had seen a preview performance of the stage version of “To Kill a Mockingbird” at the Hartford Stage Company and had been anticipating the staging of “Dividing the Estate” there in April.
Silk, 30, who’d never eaten organ meat before meeting her husband, said: “I could be a vegetarian if I let my conscience guide me.
An enigmatic, complicated figure, Fallada has been the subject of a handful of biographies in German.
Several towns in the area have rich histories dating from the French and Indian War.
General Motors filed for bankruptcy on Monday in New York, but the shares of other companies were scarcely affected.
AS a crisp fall evening settled over the hillsides of the Montmartre district, stylish groups made their way up Avenue Junot for the opening of a photography show called “Lost Highway.” Antonella Di Pietro, a top executive in the Kenzo fashion house, popped in with a black-clad entourage and was greeted by the show’s organizer, the noted interior designer and art patron Morgane Rousseau.
He again made himself invaluable, taking that role and evolving into a full-time associate commissioner role that began in 2002.
Although he doesn’t go into specifics, it is clear that success landed on Mr. Wright in complicated ways.
“Normally at this time there’s no place to stand,” he said.
But that doesn’t mean we need to worry about the future of art.
The diagramed deal was in Episode 6.
Alexander Stille, the author of “The Sack of Rome,” a critical account of the rise of Mr. Berlusconi, said most Italians have “talked themselves into the point of view that politics is a dirty business, that everyone has skeletons in the closet, judges have paid more attention to Berlusconi than to most people, therefore they found more skeletons.” Mr. Berlusconi entered politics in 1994, in the wake of a bribery scandal in which a third of the Parliament came under indictment.
At 77 she still has an odd and beguiling incongruity — a seductress with an enigmatic, ladylike reserve.
As the site matures, though, it has been taking steps to appease small-business owners.
“This is the foundation of any serious program to cap and reduce global warming pollution,” said David Doniger, the policy director for the climate center at the Natural Resources Defense Council.
His girlfriend, Amanda Caulder, said Johnson was the most laid-back person she knew.
The hourlong dance workshops begin early and cover a variety of styles, from basic salsa steps to rumba, cha-cha and ''zouk-lambada,'' each class organized by skill level.
The survivors have now changed those plans and intend to return to Italy.
She graduated from the University of Delaware and received a master’s degree in school psychology from Fordham.
The king who started out intoxicated with himself is in the end reduced to a long cri de coeur.
In the evenings prisoners had to attend meetings at which they confessed their errors and informed on others.
Benjamin Netanyahu, the Israeli prime minister, won the first round over President Barack Obama.
In Bucktown, the Map Room offers a free buffet catered by local restaurants on Tuesdays, which is International Night.
cannot stress enough that this creates life-and-death situations for police officers, and we are running out of synonyms for ‘ineptness’ to describe the situation.” The project, which is now two years behind schedule, has faced questions from the outset.
To some, this constant experimentation suggests that Mr. Hockney is something of a lightweight.
It’s like having a mutt from the pound as opposed to a pedigreed dog that needs a lot of grooming.
Those voices remain muffled by a combination of Bush-era resistance to a reasonable Freedom of Information Act request by the American Civil Liberties Union , and the gag order imposed on lawyers representing Guantánamo detainees.
The bride’s father, a retired endodontist, practiced in Bridgeport, Conn.
“That energy is now coming out of the phone industry,” Mr. Jacobs said.
But there is a special understanding and joy in having struggled for it, as a newly naturalized citizen or as one of that generation of slaves who were emancipated during the Civil War or one of the many men and women since who have fought and are still fighting to keep this country free.
Withers said he knew of MacAskill but did not see him in action until 2007.
But just adding “more guards and more people is not a solution,” he said.
Whatever style a person chooses, Mr. Zeff noted, it’s important not to skimp on accessories that touch the skin.
D’Antoni showed his appreciation by starting Hughes in the second half.
She is asking Google China to delete all passages and issue a public apology to her, and to pay her about $8,800 in compensation.
She says she will work quickly to adopt rules to minimize the conflicts of interest at credit-rating agencies that many experts say contributed to the current crisis.
He spent $423.5 million while signing the free agents C. C. Sabathia, A. J. Burnett and Mark Teixeira, and it helped the Yankees win a World Series.
Law’ right now, you would put it on FX.” Over all, HBO, with 99 nods, once again led the pack in the nominations, which were announced on Thursday morning by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences.
A memorial service will be held at St. Mary's Church in Greenwich, CT on Wednesday December 2nd at 11am and the wake will be held Monday and Tuesday between 4-8pm at the Leo P. Gallagher & Sons funeral home at 31 Arch Street in Greenwich.
But museum officials said they considered that far too little to maintain the museum and grounds.
She reads the want ads in the daily newspapers and The Chronicle of Philanthropy, as well as on Monster.com and Careerbuilder.com .
OSSINING Ossining Public Library ''David Rinaldi and the Fireflies,'' bilingual concert and sing-along.
AT&T, which reported second-quarter earnings last week, added 1.4 million wireless customers compared with 1.1 million at Verizon.
He can do this, Mr. Nixon said, because he is able to resell the equipment — for reuse, repair or recycling of parts — on a bustling global market.
One of the most important jobs for the next public advocate will be demonstrating whether this position truly serves New Yorkers or whether someone else, like the comptroller, should be next in line to succeed the mayor.
about a worrisome increase in pneumonia cases among young adults, a report Mexico had sent to the C.D.C.
“The chronic pain that has continued to grow was just unbearable,” he said, adding that it was often worse on long flights.
furnishings: I didn’t spend any money on anything.
There is something perhaps too ardent about Victor’s admiration for the dashing “Bysshe,” who is, the scientist says, “my one friend and ally in this world, where there is so much harm and darkness.” It’s interesting too that in narrating his horrifying tale Victor scrambles a fair amount of the chronology of his friend Shelley’s life, particularly with regard to Harriet and Mary.
There is also a link to a payment form for people who want to pay to offset the pollution they create.
“I’d write a blank check to him for my net worth.” Mr. Christensen, who has a bachelor’s degree in literature from Yale and a law degree from Harvard, has indisputable credentials.
predictor exam that she took the real test in July.
“The consumer is responsible.” The survey looked at 10 companies that insure patients in the 30 most populous states; the companies provided some of the highest bills from 2008.
Aides say he plans to submit an amendment to the census appropriation bill soon.
Even though South Africa spends more on health than any other African country, tuberculosis is rampant and child mortality rates are rising.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates WEDAD LOOTAH does not look like a sexual activist.
Oddly, the cult around Mr. Miyazaki has yet to create a box office hit in the United States.
Michael E. Mahler Los Angeles, Aug. 5, 2009  To the Editor: Who knew that a simple condolence note from then-President Bill Clinton to Kim Jong-il regarding his father’s death in 1994 would be a major catalyst in freeing two journalists?
Yes, it’s their building and, yes, technically speaking, Four Seasons works for them.
The European Commission can fine companies up to 10 percent of their global annual sales for violating E.U.
The Obama administration’s proposal to provide $12 billion to community colleges is widely seen by educators as explicit recognition of the two-year colleges’ importance to the economy.
Lisa Marie Fernandez bandeau bikini, $300 at netaporter.com.
I wanted to be a part of that.” Leipheimer, who finished a career-high third in the Tour in 2007, had been one of Astana’s strongest riders.
The lawyer managed to say she was wrong, but could not clarify the point until the chief judge, Dennis G. Jacobs, stepped in, asking, “Why don’t we just get the position?” To supporters, Judge Sotomayor’s vigorous questioning of the Bush administration’s position in the case of the Canadian, Maher Arar, showcases some of her strengths.
A few years ago he made a subversive documentary about the wine world called “Mondovino,” which was nominated for a Palme d’Or at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival .
W Istanbul , Suleyman Seba Caddesi 22, Besiktas; (90-212) 381-2121; www.whotels.com/istanbul .
It proved to be a shrewd move.
Relatives of the victims said the circumstance of their deaths — at the hands of a fellow soldier — made them even harder to comprehend.
Besides the old-fashioned way (“if we catch you using your cellphone in bed one more time, you’ll lose it!”) most cellphone companies now offer some sort of parental control for about $5 a month.
SHADES TO CATCH THE EYE Dealers at the Manhattan Vintage Clothing Show this year are bringing out sunglasses by the caseload.
So for the moment, PNDs remain the most reliable means of directing you to your destination.
I don’t think he believed it when he said it, but it got him elected.
The ad is for a mobile wireless service that allows people to use the Internet not just on phones but also computers.
Small is sometimes monumental in the world of soccer.
We both had what Palin calls “a love of the written word” and we both won Veterans of Foreign Wars writing contests as children.
“Trials against alleged pirates take place on a rather arbitrary basis, which goes to the detriment of both the rights of suspects and the consistency of the law enforcement system on piracy,” he said.
The program mirrors one carried out in the spring of 2008, when the paper erased 100 positions in its newsroom, though other jobs were created, so the net reduction was smaller.
Tiger has earned more money than all three of them combined.
Two equally difficult Rauschenbergs followed.
Bidding is not open to the public.
Too!” Mr. de Blasio looked elated.
When the threat is great enough, the United States or one of its allies should notify the Security Council and board a ship that it has reason to believe is transporting nuclear materials to dangerous recipients, without the permission of the flag-state.
Presinal said he never provided Rodriguez with steroids.
Although administration officials have reached out recently to Mr. Zardari’s chief rival , Nawaz Sharif, they said Monday that they had not given up on Mr. Zardari.
He employed a lighter touch this year, not least because of a lack of money.
Adelphi University Performing Arts Center, 1 South Avenue.
Mr. Lobo has refused to say whether his government would pursue those charges once he took office.
Why should saying “I love you” be any different?
The affidavit was submitted for a hearing on Thursday at the Supreme Court of the State of New York related to the particulars of the next Cup.
He was a new Hillary, scaling Everests in his bedroom; a new Houdini, setting the rest of us free.
At 8 a.m. on Feb. 24, give or take an hour or so, the raucous Zulu parade will roll down Jackson Avenue from Claiborne Avenue, then make a left on St. Charles Avenue and head toward Canal Street.
“You can definitely tell that he’s a politician,” said Demetrius Jones, a Cincinnati backup quarterback.
David A. Paterson; and David N. Dinkins, former mayor of New York.
“We have a kind of annual recession,” he says.
Hamas wants to control the crossing itself and is not eager to cooperate with Fatah, its -rival.
“I don’t want to even remember this situation because, in reality, it was a very difficult moment in my life,” he said during a recent interview.
Since the cease-fire, Israel has allowed some humanitarian supplies into Gaza, but the territory is still desperately short of the necessities.
“I just hate to say that.” But he pointed out that the changes were a natural part of an evolving immigrant neighborhood: Just as Cantonese sidelined Taishanese, so, too, is Mandarin replacing Cantonese.
What gives our Great Recession its particular darkness — and gives this film its haunting afterlife — is the disconnect between the corporate culture that is dictating the firing and the rest of us.
It will also set quotas for how much time radio and television broadcasters need to set aside for government-sponsored programming.
But in truth there aren’t that many yuks to be wrung out of this tame tale.
“That night I realized I wanted to be with Miguel.
The Discovery series is, appropriately enough, about an escape artist, Jonathan Goodwin, and his feats.
Warren (Jared Gertner) is an aspiring artist who works as a sort-of assistant to a more established painter.
Fleeing the bitter end of a quarter-century-long war , the refugees turned to a boat.
From the Web site of California Cryobank , she chose the anonymous sperm donor, an athletic man with a 4.0 high school grade-point average.
If anything, there was an indication that the scientists whom some readers accused Revkin of being too cozy with were wary of his independence.
Once he was seated, he turned to me and asked if he had just seen me on TV.
Shooting in Lima, she makes the invisible visible.
The caddie might hold an umbrella over his head and the pro’s bag, but if the caddie puts the bag down and walks away, the umbrella remains over the bag.
These paintings won’t elevate Mr. Kirshenblatt to the canon of 20th-century self-taught painters.
Adult fee is 16 shekels; children 10 shekels.
Anderson also served three months in prison after he pleaded guilty in 2005 to distributing steroids and to money-laundering.
“Cadillac guys don’t like flames,” he said.
When Radar did it, they would work with us.
“What we want to do, to the best we’re able to, is draw a box around it and say that it is contained,” Michael Carpenter, the new chief executive, told a trade publication in November.
Sweet Harmony Café and Bakery, 158 Broad Street, Middletown; sweetharmonycafebakery.com or (860) 344-9646.
split his job of chief executive and chairman into two.
“We know almost nothing about the young man,” said Andrei Lankov, a Russian-born North Korea specialist at Kookmin University in Seoul.
Eastern European countries have no such printing presses, and those countries that can borrow show little interest in sharing the bounty.
I’ve seen sexier moves done by high school cheerleaders with Mom and Dad looking on proudly from the bleachers.
“We never really had anybody who craved the attention.” Rodriguez, who twice won the American League’s Most Valuable Player award under Torre, has an almost maniacal work ethic.
15 Michigan (3-1) at the Old Spice Classic in Orlando, Fla. Manny Harris had 7 points as Michigan (3-1) opened the second half with a 12-4 run to cut its deficit to 48-47.
A B-movie-style throwback that’s consistently diverting and blissfully free of morals and messages, “A Perfect Getaway” is just the thing for the summertime movie blahs: it’s a genuinely satisfying cheap thrill.
That colt was a favorite to win this year’s Derby until he was scratched the morning of the race with a bad ankle, an injury that has most likely ended his career.
The bullish right-hander and former Cy Young Award winner had been on the trading block for a while.
He began his term with a program for finding the long-sought Arab-Israeli solution.
Scott A. Birnbaum Boston, April 10, 2009 The writer is a lawyer.
Tears came to his eyes whenever we spoke about civilian casualties.
(Gee, I liked it better when John King used a digital maps to annotate and caress delegate totals.)
Security forces in riot gear had fired tear gas to move protesters away from the embassy.
; A 1996 PORTRAIT FROM ITALIAN VOGUE.
Once upon a time, when the heart of pro basketball beat steadily in Midtown Manhattan, Phil Jackson was a tall man’s Derek Fisher, a role-playing lefty with a strange-looking gait and an even more inelegant game.
The American Tucker Fredricks was third in 34.35.
By the time a council in South London completed its vote on the preservation of a mural by the street artist Banksy , the decision to keep the artwork was beside the point: vandals had already covered the mural in graffiti.
He shined shoes, sold newspapers, dug ditches, sold peanuts, worked as an usher, labored on a construction gang and sold stainless-steel cookware door to door.
But in a town where heat is measured by who will take your calls — and how quickly — Hollywood has most assuredly become a chillier place for Mr. Polanski over the last decade.
The process was ''a perfect storm of ignorance and enthusiasm,'' a former C.I.A.
But this isn’t a one-time problem, and eventually they’ll have to bite the bullet and reduce their work force.” About two-thirds of full-time undergraduates receive grants, according to “Trends in Student Aid 2009,” a companion College Board report by Ms. Baum that was also released Tuesday.
reduce the highest allowed dose of acetaminophen in over-the-counter pills like Tylenol to 325 milligrams, from 500.
Now his biggest challenge begins, continuing his feel-good homecoming on the field.
Fame need not be frivolous.
To turn that challenge into a growth engine, Finland intends to become a global leader in developing software and services for medical monitoring and preventive health services.
“The reality we have before us is her voting record; it’s a record that has caused great dismay,” said Melissa Mark-Viverito, who represents East Harlem and the South Bronx in the City Council.
If you are Rupert Isaacson and his wife, Kristin Neff, you take him to a country where horses are as essential as water: Mongolia.
Most of the nation’s solar panels and wind turbines are imported, mainly from Europe and Asia, and the new law waves aside Buy America restrictions if “the relevant manufactured goods are not produced in the United States in sufficient and reasonably available quantities.” The provision will apply mainly to the nearly $150 billion that will be spent on infrastructure projects, including green technology.
Some of them even confronted Mr. Kim in the store and by phone, challenging him to find a way to keep the movies in the community, or at least on the continent.
“Like Adam, his customers are informed and knowledgeable,” says Jay Bell, the men’s vice president at Barneys New York .
Now, the plan has advanced over “a very significant hurdle,” said Henry J. Amoroso, president of St. Vincent Catholic Medial Centers, the entity that includes the hospital.
Networks covering baseball often make last-minute requests — none more than MLB Network, which broadcasts from just down the hall.
“I don’t think that you got a guy with 37 double-doubles or whatever he has, competing every night and playing as hard as he can, that you can say he doesn’t care,” D’Antoni said.
But that may be the point.
At 8:30 and 10:30 p.m., Iridium, 1650 Broadway, at 51st Street, (212) 582-2121, iridiumjazzclub.com ; cover, $35, with a $10 minimum.
— putting pedestrians’ lives in danger.
The Irulas lived at the mercy of higher castes.
“We seem to be entering a period in which debt has passed through its most recent harmless and fashionable period,” she writes, “and is reverting to being sinful.” The Harvard Business Review, in praising peer-to-peer lending as one of the “breakthrough ideas” of 2009, strikes a different tone: “Whenever people come together to create a pool of capital, the potential for wealth creation blossoms.” Certainly the credit crunch that started last year has made a lot more people interested in new forms of borrowing.
His selection as the supreme leader was in part a gesture to the Azeris designed to cement their allegiance to Iran and to blunt a covert campaign by ethnic kinsmen in adjacent Azerbaijan to annex them.
“Jackie Kennedy was wearing a pink dress as her husband was shot,” Mr. Kessler said.
(And possibly Bette Midler, whom Ms. Jones addressed from the stage, though it wasn’t clear if the Divine Miss M was there to receive the kind words.)
They would instead shift some of the money they are now spending on health insurance into cash compensation, which would, of course, be taxed, raising more revenue.
“I still believe we can solve the problems.” But she started speaking out about Uighur grievances and she kept ties with her husband, by then a dissident living in the United States.
Mr. Morrissey’s lawyer, Thomas Puccio, will call his witnesses before Mr. Marshall’s lawyers call theirs.
The Congressional Research Service itself has long resisted making its work freely available to the public, in part because it likes to see itself as working directly for Congress and because it wants to avoid having its research becoming politicized.
Manuel reiterated that Rollins, despite hitting No.
I think we’re having a harder time finding defensive ends and defensive tackles.
His decision, in part, owed to common sense, as collapse had exposed decayed underpinnings.
Senators John D. Rockefeller IV of West Virginia and Jeff Bingaman of New Mexico, both Democrats, have repeatedly raised questions about whether the subsidies for low-income people would be adequate.
But his lawyer said Monday that Mr. Barry’s latest brush with the police — he was arrested over the weekend on charges of stalking a former girlfriend — was unjustified, and he predicted that the charges would soon be dropped.
Tarrytown Music Hall, 13 Main Street.
Surely, any of those would be more fun.
More than 700 agents increased their wages by 20 percent with overtime in the 2008 fiscal year.
The lawyer for Nazario, Louis Diesel, said in a telephone interview Friday that he could not discuss the case because it has been sealed by a judge.
And his colorful pants are “as important as a golf club.” The most important piece of equipment probably lies between his ears.
It’s not Saint Laurent, it’s the woman.
Verizon Communications has preferred to use the Verizon Wireless cash flow for other purposes.
panel had rejected 70 percent of the claims in the American complaint.
Here’s a peculiar but fascinating double bill: in a Movado Hour concert at the Baryshnikov Arts Center on Monday, the Esterhazy Machine, a period-instrument group, played three Haydn baryton trios, and Jennifer Koh, the violinist, played thorny contemporary works.
Shares of Barclays rose 3 percent in London Wednesday.
Elbridge Gerry was not the only man to struggle with the taint of bachelorhood in Revolutionary America.
By changing the power intensity of the laser, it should also be possible to adjust the rate of release.
“I reached out to her and it went well,” Rodriguez said in response to a question.
Her attitude about the coming free skate fluctuated.
Jeff Berg, Mr. Polanski’s longtime agent, dismissed the idea that major studios were leery of Mr. Polanski, saying, “All of the movies he has made over the last 30 years have enjoyed theatrical releases by major studios or major independents.” But the warmth of fellow artists isn’t shared by most studio accountants.
Posted by Audrey Scott CHECK OUT BROKERAGE CARD To the Editor: Charles Schwab also offers a no-fee ATM card through its brokerage accounts.
Only Rickey Henderson, with 24, had more for the Yankees.
Are you still using print?
He leads the team with 375 yards rushing and has averaged 6.5 yards a carry, compared with Jacobs’s 3.6.
As a late-40-something, Midwestern, unstylish, noncussing fellow evangelical Calvinist, I have a word for Driscoll: Preach it, brother.
Michael Stipe of R.E.M., in town for a bigger show, walked on the stage and sang a knockout a capella version of Fleetwood Mac’s “Landslide.” It’s a place that can accommodate the glorious busking of Mary Lou Lord and an unannounced set by Radiohead.
He was the beloved husband of the late Brenda Gottlieb.
Some experts, mostly surrounding the education establishment, argue that schools alone can’t produce big changes.
But Mr. Graham said he and Mr. McCain were convinced that Mr. Obama was genuinely interested in working together with them on both domestic priorities and foreign policy.
Looking farther afield, Ms. Couric, whose CBS News contract is up in 2011, has long been mentioned as a possible syndicated star.
Detective Gardner said that Officer Edwards, though not a starter, played on the team last year.
I don’t think our current way of waging war, which is pretty easy-breezy for most citizens, is what the architects of America had in mind.
I don't try to teach them a damn thing.
“She’s been really critical in sustaining Iranian art in diaspora,” said the filmmaker and multimedia artist Shoja Azari, a member of Ms. Heller’s stable, who also collaborates on the films of his companion, Ms. Neshat.
Crisis averted, the party continued.
(The effort is the subject of a documentary, “Prom Night in Mississippi,” which will be shown on HBO in July.)
Solar energy in Spain is another classic example of roller-coaster funding.
Which, in a sense, it was.
They had to surrender more than $50 million in assets.
It is a good sign because it shows that Ortiz has maintained his sense of humor.
He pledged to pay back the costs, but even fellow Republicans appeared to have had enough.
(The label alongside one such item in the artifacts section of the dig — a metal scrotum cover for men — surmises that it was worn primarily around “aggressive ambulatory birds such as geese.”) Mr. Hautekiet said that as the dig has proceeded, details of Goverthing’s history have begun to emerge.
But I want to emphasize that these reforms are rooted in a simple principle: we ought to set clear rules of the road that promote transparency and accountability.
My son, Theo, who was 14, snorkeled, played backgammon and cracked jokes.
But the casbah-chic interior turns out to be genuinely romantic, with antique-red velvet banquettes and beaded-edge burlap curtains.
And the average age of the men arrested this year for sexual offenses on the subways is 39.
You have to tell a white person, ‘That’s what it is,’ so that he gets it, the filth and the stink, the kind of poetry that comes out of that.”
Mr. Green was charged with being the instigator, moving the girl’s parents and her young sister into a back room while two of the soldiers raped her.
Looking for something to celebrate?
I would suggest a graded system in which earnings would be taxed at higher and higher rates — say, 60 percent on pay over $10 million, 70 percent on $20 million, and so on.
“People with euphoria and momentum and money stepped into the business,” said John McDonald, an owner of Lever House and Lure Fishbar.
“I love the food, I wear shalwar kameezes,” she said to Dawn TV, referring to the traditional loose-fitting Pakistani shirt.
Universities have reached deep in their pockets to protect vulnerable students from tuition increases.
And in 2004, she got a dream offer: a job as a staff appraiser at an elite Manhattan real estate firm.
Facebook does not disclose revenue from its gift store, but it is believed to be a small portion of its overall revenue.
“They were kept in complete isolation.” The break in the case came Tuesday afternoon when a University of California, Berkeley , police officer noticed Mr. Garrido trying to hand out religious literature on campus and asked him for identification.
Theirs are offset by our ability to meet our local needs.” On Long Island, the issue of control was decided years ago when, in 1973, the Metropolitan Transportation Authority took over operation of Nassau County’s bus system.
“It consistently sustains its marketability and profitability.” Marijuana trafficking continues virtually unabated in the United States, even as intelligence reports suggest the declining availability of heroin, cocaine and other hard drugs that require extensive smuggling operations.
Moldova has about 6,500 troops.
While the sales floors — three dedicated to cutting-edge accessories — have been opened up and flooded with light, the real revolution is written in ebony-and-ivory lettering on the second floor upstairs: “Maria Luisa.” The two words currently appear on the store’s street-level windows, with their displays of fresh, young designer fashion and a witty take on Manolo Blahnik shoes, shown at the end of leashes like little poodles, trotting behind a “Parisienne” mannequin.
“I mean,” she said, “they don’t walk in their apartments and go, ‘Yesssss!
The ideal shunt has a valve and can be reprogrammed to regulate the drainage.
In April, he missed a start with forearm tendinitis.
Also likely is a future cabinetmaker’s charge the moment some of the fragile pieces show cracks.
The message in question, regarding the Jets' game Sept. 20 against the Patriots, said: ''1 play in the 1st Half, 4 plays in the 2nd half.
The last time the United States proposed an Appendix II listing for Corallium, in 2007, it was narrowly defeated.
But over billions of years, thousands of genes have shuttled among the branches.
At first the conditions looked favorable for a tornado, but later radar scans looked less impressive.
Actually, Ms. Burson used another term that cannot be published here.
PAGE D10 PHELPS'S BEHAVIOR COULD BE COSTLY The Olympic swimming star Michael Phelps could face the loss of millions of dollars in endorsements after a photograph surfaced in a British newspaper showing him inhaling from a marijuana pipe.
By withholding adult status with respect to responsible drinking, we consign our 18- to 20-year-olds to a superannuated childhood, without the benefit of parental supervision.
“But if there’s a benefit that you’re getting that you don’t pay for — that arguably is a form of welfare.” Like other House conservatives, Mr. Hensarling wants less spending and more tax cuts, for businesses and families.
''No one wants to go through that,'' Jonathan Papelbon, Boston's closer, said.
When he walks into bookstores, he probably moves his book from the back shelves to the front.
Federal officials do not yet know if those cases are associated with the beef recalled Thursday.
When thick, pour onto a sheet tray and let cool.
Westchester is conducting a countywide street survey of homeless people, working with municipalities and the police to determine more clearly who is living without shelter.
I’m sure the numbers for Afghanistan are similar.
“We’re sitting at 71 percent job approval in the midst of the worst economic crisis,” said Rahm Emanuel, the incoming White House chief of staff.
He prepares special fodder, and keeps his fields pesticide-free.
Andrew Cuomo, the attorney general of New York, should immediately start investigating whether public funds were spent illegally.
“And so the idea that we’ve come up with is that variability itself was the driving force of human evolution.” Brains got bigger because only smarter beings could survive in such climatic conditions.
They did: Gary Sheffield nearly corkscrewed himself into the ground while striking out to end the fourth, completing the Mets’ 16th 1-2-3 inning in their last 21 innings.
Proposals include another extension in unemployment benefits and various job creation programs.
They have cited it more than 500 times in just the last two months.
“I’ve been saying it for a week now.
At the most general level, his recommendations are unexceptionable: because electoral competition promotes antidemocratic practices if there is no other accountability, the governments of the bottom billion need help to be made more accountable.
Additional hurdles lie ahead too, notably putting into effect a long-delayed renovation plan for the theater in a way that will not affect its regular occupants.
A complicating factor was that this was a second marriage.
(Add in overseas figures and the studio raked in $3.7 billion for its biggest unadjusted year ever.)
They had a keen interest in ensuring that the firm had a healthy, long-term future.
Some of the more liberal rabbis were intrigued by the Hebrew Israelites but were not willing to fully embrace them as fellow Jews.
Why are so many people entertaining an idea that sounds vaguely Marxian?
President Ma: There can be a competition across the Taiwan Strait on this, which should be in the interest of everyone.
(Zinoman) Off Off Broadway ‘ASTRONOME: A NIGHT AT THE OPERA’ An eye- and ear-filling collaboration between the theatrical auteur Richard Foreman and the composer John Zorn.
Mr. Kim had planned to be near New York City, but without much of a grasp of American geography ended up about 240 miles away in a distant and frigid place, where the dorms provide a core of like-minded students in a thoroughly unfamiliar world.
“I said, ‘Joey, I’ve got a rope,’ ” he said.
Mbeki, Gevisser posits, suffers from “disconnect” because of his dysfunctional family life and his years without a country.
A memorial service will be held in the fall in Philadelphia.
Up the street, Portugalia, 123 Ferry Street, (973) 589-2826, sells beautiful ceramic cookware and dishes, including a ventilated garlic holder ($19.50) and an olive plate with a place for the pits ($8.95).
You could easily use for a month a car you own for less than the cost of one weekend with Zipcar — and with more convenience.
Under tax law, no tax is due on short-sale profits until the shares have been repurchased.
At the end, it turns out the robot had been having a nightmare, but G.M.
“I went from going for a run to being in the ambulance,” the woman said several months later in describing her ordeal.
Ms. Sidibe (pronounced Sih-DEE-bay) grew up in Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn, and lives in Harlem.
She lived in East Orange and New Vernon, NJ, retiring to Bridgehampton, NY, before returning to Fellowship Village in Basking Ridge.
This fall the groups will inaugurate Fall Downtown, a festival that will include events at most if not all of the member organizations.
He signs so many autographs, he sometimes switches hands.
Experts predict the trend will last for some time as shoppers cling to frugality.
Case had been talking about singers whose music and voices she admired — Iris DeMent and Roy Orbison prominent among them.
conferences receive automatic bids to participate and earn more revenue than the other conferences.
This program began with revivals of three famous Diaghilev ballets (each, in part, concerning aspects of romantic or sexual arousal): Michel Fokine’s “Spectre de la Rose” (1911), Vaslav Nijinsky’s “Afternoon of a Faun” (1912) and George Balanchine’s “Prodigal Son” (1929).
Yet the biggest potential threat from a combination of Comcast and NBC is to the development of video delivery over the Internet and its promise of à la carte programming — which promises to expand viewers’ choices, allowing them to elude the bundling strategies common to cable and satellite TV that force them to pay hundreds of dollars for content they do not want.
“We build a product around your usage pattern, not around ours,” he said.
The Hawks had been listless for nearly a decade.
Done in silkscreen on plywood, the work of art deceptively looks like a supermarket large-size cardboard box.
He added that he could imagine that many unemployed or underemployed Americans might not be too sympathetic to people willing to risk what appeared to be solid, stable jobs.
There is no contradiction here.
Other than painting, installing new lighting fixtures and placing their own artwork over the nail holes left in the walls by the previous occupants, the Carrolls have done little in the way of renovation.
They sliced off part of the eel’s head and ate it quickly for good luck.
Your pants are too loud.”
The musical guest will be an equally big name: Pearl Jam .
Nicaragua and Venezuela had been the only countries to follow suit.
“He’s going to be missed dearly,” he said of his brother.
“I think the right description is, ‘slapped in the face.’ It is like an offense to the community.”
Such outright seizure of capital or assets through use of the racketeering statutes can do much harm by giving prosecutors an unnecessarily powerful role in our capital markets.
He knew what he wanted to do, and he first applied his talent in earnest in the Army, serving stateside during the Vietnam War as an entertainer in the Special Services division.
Across from the living room is a great room paneled in weathered wood that was reclaimed from an old barn in the area; on one side is a row of built-in bookshelves.
(Last month the album was nominated for the prestigious Mercury Prize in England; it will be released domestically on Cherrytree/Interscope in September.)
These included the highest average and median prices; the number and value of sales; and even the highest price paid for a single co-op, $48 million, for a large duplex at 1060 Fifth Avenue facing Central Park at 87th Street.
With the meters costing $7.50 for a 15-hour day, and a Hartsdale parking permit costing $725 a year, for some irregular commuters the meters may make more sense.
Mr. Morgenthau’s office was left to howl to a judge.
Squarely falling in this camp — at least according to the stock market’s read — are Bank of America, which is down 35 percent, as well as General Electric and Lloyds Banking Group, both of whose stocks have lost nearly half their value.
Ives Concert Park, Mill Plain Road.
The Rangers restored their two-goal cushion two minutes later with another power-play goal.
In the last election, his opponent ran a much-vilified advertisement that tried to link Mr. Cohen to the Ku Klux Klan.
For months, North Korea had insisted that it would never return to the talks demanded by the United States, calling them “dead.” North Korea’s reversal came after China signed a series of agreements that promised aid for the North and an expansion in economic exchanges, including the construction of another bridge across their tightly controlled river border.
The women’s game is exciting to watch, and the players have careers, not auditions.
And Chevron is an American company pumping oil in the delta.
They appeared in court in July and found themselves explaining their case to a lawyer representing Lehman Brothers, which at the time handled their mortgage.
Indeed, though rarely reported upon, relations between the two men had begun to thaw significantly midway through Mr. Bush’s second term, after Mr. Bush teamed up Mr. Clinton and his father, the first President George Bush, on relief efforts after the tsunami in Asia and then, Hurricane Katrina .
French music, French accents — not the Inspector Clouseau type — bow ties, homemade terrines and honest bistro prices.” The fake Restaurant Girl: “This week I dined em dashed at Chez Lucienne.”
They kept it down by selling vast quantities of the currency, acquiring in return an enormous hoard of foreign assets, mostly in dollars, currently worth about $2.1 trillion.
The remainder of the money would go to improving the bank’s capital structure and improving its capital base.
“The man will have 10 ideas in an hour.
“Stone’s Fall,” a long novel by Iain Pears, the British writer best known for “An Instance of the Fingerpost,” gives the reader the expected more-than-500 pages and also what is not expected at all: a female character who might have stepped out of Balzac, along with a view of the belle époque that is neither anachronistic nor censorious.
A committee of current and former coaches led by the former coach and announcer John Madden speaks by phone every three weeks about safety issues and reports to the league’s competition committee.
Notable examples here include the airy panoramas “An October Afternoon on the Juniata” (1879) by Sanford Robinson Gifford and “Arcadia” (circa 1850) by John Frederick Kensett.
Directed by Anurag Singh, “Dil” takes place in a colorful Punjab, with amber waves of grain and sassy local girls who chomp on sugar cane.
It is one of several good examples of Orientalist art in that sale.
Each dish seems head-spinningly yummy, but Mr. Boulud summons enthusiasm only when he tries a sausage called the Vermonter, and he cracks a smile only after a forkful of beer-battered haddock beignets.
A wooden patio and sushi bar overlooks a brook, while a cover band plays classic rock up front.
We can expect to see a great deal of people like Natalie Dessay and Diana Damrau, who are excellent actors as well as great singers and whom he clearly regards as the future of the new Met.
Black and white island residents don’t socialize much, she said, so she has tried to turn the playhouse into one place where they do.
But David Gerber, Gehry Technologies’ chief marketing officer, said that future refinements of Digital Project will incorporate more information and avoid foul-ups.
An old friend, returning to your area, says she’d like to throw a big party at your house for all the friends she hasn’t seen for years, kind of a reunion.
Experts in vision problems say that while it is unclear how many visually impaired people gene therapy could help, they consider the research promising for some types of blinding diseases, and an achievement for gene therapy, which has had many setbacks.
Add enough water to cover by 2 inches, orange zest, garlic, chopped onion, red pepper flakes, cinnamon, bay leaves, oregano, 1 1/2 teaspoons salt and the cloves.
Rogers Redding, the secretary-rules editor for the N.C.A.A.
Basically, for $43.7 million the new owner of “200 One Dollar Bills” — who was not identified by Sotheby’s — got a funny old print on canvas tarted up with some paint which he (let’s assume the buyer was a he) succeeded in making superfamous and valuable by paying so much for it.
They were back in Buzios on vacation in 2003 when Mrs. Marshall starting looking for property.
Dr. Kirk Eaton, a retired psychologist who watched Mr. de Blasio’s speech at the Hargrave Senior Center on West 71st Street, said he had lost count of the politicians who had dropped by.
“I’ve always just fallen into things,” she said.
“I have friends who say, ‘Why do this?
Now he homes in on the current financial crisis with “The Financial Lives of the Poets,” a novel that uses one desperate, near-destitute man’s milk run to his local 7-Eleven as its jumping-off point.
“This allows the whole supply chain to engage in sustainability,” he said.
In 1919, the first African-American in New York to actually fight fires, John Woodson, sent a letter of advice to the next black firefighter, Wesley A. Williams, who later rose to battalion chief.
He left the service as a captain.
Cuba has become the litmus test by which many Latin American nations measure the United States’ commitment to improving relations with the region.
And so it is that in describing her West Village studio, Mary Biosic calls it a “French flat,” and then compares it with the home of a character in the Jean-Luc Godard film “Breathless.” But Ms. Biosic, 38, a sales associate for Barneys New York, who moved to the city two years ago from Portland, Ore., isn’t simply romanticizing her first apartment in Manhattan — in this case, the Parisian tag happens to be apropos.
You can exclude any friends from the potential contact list.
Economic uncertainty is making it easier to find reliable, trustworthy people willing to live on a month-to-month basis, said Susan Hendee, an associate at Show to Sell, a Westport firm that offers home manager and staging services.
Banners from dozens of subcontractors around Europe flutter in the breeze above temporary offices and makeshift canteens.
Watering a vegetable garden couldn't be much harder.
“The distress to his firms caused by the financial crisis and the related uncertainties of recent weeks, along with the helplessness of no longer being able to handle the situation, broke the passionate family businessman, and he ended his life,” the family said in a statement.
She tells us that the Beatles were powerful and good-­looking, but we knew that already.
Unlike banks, insurers aren’t particularly prone to liquidity squeezes.
''This was the most sophisticated one I tried,'' Mr. Bell said of the Korkers, which came with interchangeable soles for trail hiking and wading (including a felt sole).
Most of the overdoses — 250 to 260 — occurred at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles and involved overdoses as high as eight times the normal amount.
It’s $31,900 at Cartier, 653 Fifth Avenue.
Bar association disciplinary committees are not set up to do investigations into torture, but they have no excuse not to use documentary evidence from the report to proceed.
As Ralph Waldo Emerson put it: “We wish to be self-sustained.
Last week, a small Web site operator, TradeComet.com, filed an antitrust suit against Google, accusing it of unfairly manipulating its advertising system to harm a potential competitor.
His pieces were variously classified as Process Art, Arte Povera or Anti-Form.
He shows me the little bluff where the local hero Billy Ocean resided after returning with his royalties from his “Caribbean Queen” dance hit.
As it continues to celebrate the 20th anniversary of “The Simpsons,” Fox is mounting a channelwide scavenger hunt for hidden references and tributes to the landmark animated show within its other shows.
The law allows the mayor and all other elected city officials who are serving their second four-year term in office to compete for a third term.
“We’d rather not have a commission on the subject,” Mr. Moussaoui said.
With the right trainer, in the right environment, he could be on a winner.
The entire cost of PharmaSat, including design, construction and operation of the satellite, is $3 million.
Bail was ineligible to be freed because she was charged with using false identification.
Wal-Mart produces protocols for moving and marketing consumer goods.
“As we get older, the group will get smaller.” “It was a great group,” he added.
Mr. Leipzig revels in these sorts of formal challenges.
May-Nov. 22, Sundays, 10 a.m.-2 p.m. Migliorelli Farm Stand, corner of Route 199 and River Road, east of the Kingston-Rhinecliff Bridge, Rhinebeck; (845) 876-1999.
The surviving teams, to be announced Monday in New York, will advance to the next round of the X Prize, the quest to build a 100 mile-a-gallon vehicle that is feasible for mass production.
Loving grandfather of Danny, Katy, Josh, Taylor, Adam, Sam and Alexandra.
The regime wants to say, ‘If I am not democratic enough that doesn’t matter, I am Islamic.’ “He says it is not an Islamic government.” Now in his mid-80s, frail and ill, Ayatollah Montazeri has remained in his home in Qum, the center of religious learning in Iran, issuing one politically charged religious edict after another, helping keep alive a faltering opposition movement.
“They just believed more than anyone else.” But to the disbelief of Mr. Kuhn, the federal authorities say Mr. Boyd and two of his sons took their convictions beyond religious faith and into terrorism.
While Ken Rosenthal of Foxsports.com hails them for building a team with a good mix of youth and experience, Yahoo.com’s Jeff Passan reminds us they really built it by spending more than a billion dollars on players since 2005.
Since 1931, only nine players have gone through a full season scoring as many as a quarter of their team’s goals.
medication.” Even if some of it is pretty un-P.C.
Mr. Wilson’s Davis is now in the collection of the Lane Motor Museum in Nashville, Tenn.
The machinery of the entertainment industry keeps performers boxed in categories that challenge neither white nor black audiences.
Sailer’s Olympic fame was credited with bringing publicity and tourism to Kitzbühel.
Rumors about corruption and kickbacks are naturally rampant.
had suspended the Minnesota Vikings ’ Kevin Williams and Pat Williams for four games, but the players sued the league, arguing that the N.F.L.’s testing violated Minnesota workplace laws.
“While I was living in Boston, I came to New York every Sunday for two months to look at apartments,” Mr. Kedigian said.
What he will say, however, is that the big challenge on any basketball court is to measure the right things.
Late in the play, the script reveals some understanding of the slow but certain evolution of grief.
But one bite of the crispy lamb ribs that were served in the bar area when the place first opened — sweetly glazed, grassy meat, with a dab of creamy mint-flecked yogurt sauce — ended all snark: Mr. Boulud has opened a very good restaurant.
Should all Americans have the opportunity to sign up for government-run health insurance?
“He is very adept at getting groups to work together, and he is very much pro-free trade,” Mr. Buchanan said.
The Torah portion for the day was about Moses’ exhortation to the Jews to enter the future from Sinai.
One was a pharmacist, Rawya Awad, 32, who had a shrapnel wound to the head.
Prices begin at $18,240 for a two-door Golf with a 5-speed manual transmission and $19,940 for a four-door, which comes only with a 6-speed automatic.
“And it’s also a deeply closeted town.” A generation ago the first part of that statement would have sounded scandalous, but a generation from now the second part is likely to sound quaint, even a little outlandish, as parents patiently explain to their puzzled children that in the olden days gay people were supposed to be ashamed of themselves, just as black people were forced to use different bathrooms and women were not allowed to vote.
Marc Andreessen, Netscape’s co-founder, said Mr. Homer wrote the company’s business plan and helped to raise the last crucial round of private financing before its initial public offering in 1995.
Catterton’s spokeswoman said it was members of Insight’s team who were “installed in positions of substantial operating responsibility” at Archway.
Her mother is president-elect of the Dallas County Medical Society Alliance and Foundation.
Auctioned off at low prices, those foreclosed houses could help brake any revival in home prices.
A spokeswoman for the Homeland Security Department, Amy Kudwa, said her department would “conduct a comprehensive review to see why the system failed to identify these people” and would see if the department should be looking at more federal lists.
They challenged outfielders on the bases, played flawless defense and collected timely hits.
I don’t think they need to be overly concerned.
It’s a casual place, but far more ambitious and spirited than a diner.
Rush Limbaugh and Glenn Beck and Sarah Palin?
Falling oil prices sapped demand for energy stocks.
Sales for the quarter fell 6.2 percent, to $265 million, from $282 million, but topped the average forecast of $257.1 million, based on a Thomson Reuters poll of analysts.
“Of course, of course, Mikey, everything was good, but thanks God.”
Instead, the president spoke somberly of the challenges that the nation faces in the years to come, as he warned Americans to resist the temptation to look inward and not to abandon his signature foreign initiative, the so-called freedom agenda, intended to promote democracy around the world.
The crisis has forced the monetary fund to step into the breach.
The bridegroom’s mother, who is retired, worked in West Seneca, N.Y., as the director of the social work department for the western division of the New York State Office of Mental Retardation and Developmental Disabilities.
Richard D. Rosenbloom, a former State Supreme Court justice in Rochester, officiated.
“It’s just a great story.
Nor did he choose to redeem them in any other way but through the folly of the cross and through ignorant, sottish disciples.” There’s no accounting for folly, except to recognize that it’s perhaps the most endearing and creative human quality.
Ms. Pillay, the human rights commissioner, said the program of action adopted by the first conference on racism in 2001 had suffered setbacks from challenges ranging from increased and complex migration to terrorism and some of the measures countries have used to counter it.
He was even better Thursday, throwing 15 passes and completing 7 of them for 104 yards and a touchdown.
MacKenzie Partners, Inc. and all its employees are deeply saddened by the loss of our dear friend and colleague, Bob Sandhu, Senior Vice President.
“If they’re in the gym these two hours, then I know they’re not in trouble,” Young said.
Under a deal with the Reagan administration, General Chun let Mr. Kim board a plane to the United States in 1982.
Its preliminary findings, presented in Chicago last December at a conference of the Radiological Society of North America, suggested that when a digital photograph was attached to a patient’s file, radiologists provided longer, more meticulous reports.
The college had arranged for me to live in the apartment of an 84-year-old woman.
“There’s no way that they can distribute that $50 million in a way that will keep everyone happy.
Peter Madoff would most certainly have been on that bonus list.
But when he was politely rebuffed by the football team for being too small, he turned to cross-country.
Pentagon officials announced Friday that they would consider selling weapons systems to Libya.
It allows banks to borrow cheaply and lend for several percentage points more, giving them a way to earn their way out of their current troubles.
The New York Institute for Gestalt Therapy mourns the passing of our esteemed senior colleague Richard, who died of natural causes at home, on January 2nd, at the age of 81.
Mr. Golden gets misty at the memory.
Her designs for the chain are tweaked, streamlined versions of the styles she sells through OMO and Bergdorf Goodman, which carries Kamali swimsuits.
Lien Minh, a senior official at the Ministry of Agriculture, told reporters in June that because of unplanned and haphazard development, 80 percent of crafts villages lacked the money to buy the equipment they needed.
“The thing that was so interesting about their solution is that Wi-Fi becomes most effective where GPS fails,” said Mr. Slavin.
There was competition for another popular American artist, Ed Ruscha, perhaps because he is the subject of a retrospective now at the Hayward Gallery in London.
I'm not sure he even noticed the defender.
Spain’s Sergio García, at age 29, has matured; Phil Mickelson, 38, has shown renewed commitment; and Ireland’s Padraig Harrington, 37, has won two straight majors.
“I think the governor has to look at his own house — his $200 toasters, his $30,000 Turkish rugs, and all these other expenses,” said Dean G. Skelos, the minority leader of the Senate.
With Texas looking shaky in giving up 39 points to Texas A&M on Thursday night and Alabama looking mortal in a come-from-behind victory at Auburn on Friday, two thirds of college football’s so-called Big Three were threatened in a 24-hour span.
Mr. Luskin said Friday evening that the advice was “entirely consistent” with past advice that the White House had given Mr. Rove.
It will also unlock features developers have eagerly awaited, like the ability to buy virtual goods or new gaming levels within applications.
A long sinuous row of mud and stone called the Mound of the Serpent seems to undulate like a snake.
Tim Burrows of the Toronto police traffic division said Mr. Sheppard died shortly after arriving at a hospital.
The expedition was also an early example of how poorly high-altitude mountaineers can, at times, treat Sherpas.
He was the Democratic leader from 1977 to 1989, about half of that time as the majority leader.
Mr. Lowell also presented numerous memos exchanged among Mr. Bruno and his staff members, including some that discussed how to satisfy some highly technical details of the financial disclosure rules — evidence, Mr. Lowell suggested, that Mr. Bruno had nothing to hide.
“Jonathan Franzen, Dave Eggers, David Foster Wallace — they have all tried different forms.
Better to save your best for the late rounds.
On Capitol Hill, there was little griping about working right up to the holiday.
With Imelda Staunton, Emile Hirsch, Liev Schreiber, Paul Dano and Eugene Levy.
A home run would have tied it, but Madson struck out Teixeira on a changeup.
Wainwright said that the Fab Five’s success, especially for Nike, blended the business side of college sports with the athletic side for the first time on a large scale.
To the Editor: Re “ There’s Only One Way to Stop Iran ” (Op-Ed, Dec. 24): Alan J. Kuperman proposes the most dangerous idea of the coming year: bombing Iran’s nuclear sites, which some suspect are intended not only for nuclear power but also for nuclear weapons.
Jeremy Guthrie is the only pitcher set to start after Daniel Cabrera signed with the Washington Nationals.
“You get into a phase; you’re getting exposed,” he said.
To cement a land-of-capitalist-cruelty American stereotype, they tend to believe no elements of the European welfare state exist in the United States.
No matter what time of day it is, the wind tends to confuse the appearance of the tides, depending on how it’s blowing.
He was the beloved husband of Nina Zerbo Lawrence.
Mr. Coltart said no thanks.
When late-night television features a sitting president, it’s usually as material for a stand-up routine.
He passed by in silence, lips pursed in a half-grin, up the stairs, and in a moment, amid the thud of boots on cement, the world’s most problematic political prisoner was gone.
Who exactly is going to provide the money?
“Plus it’s the only way I can get them to nap.” Yet he says he realizes the limitations of a stroller, opting to do his weekly speed workout alone, hiring a baby sitter or running on a treadmill.
Mr. Bruno failed to disclose his business relationship with Mr. Abbruzzese as part of a partnership involving thoroughbred racehorses and for which he received payment from one of Mr. Abbruzzese’s companies, prosecutors said.
(HBO, $59.99, not rated) CRANK 2: HIGH VOLTAGE The writer-directors Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor offer a sequel to their 2006 action film “Crank” ; the hero (Jason Statham) has an artificial heart that frequently and inconveniently needs recharging.
If recent history is a guide, this performance may have to satisfy Ms. Bartoli’s fans for a while.
I said out loud, ‘Oh, come on, guys.’ ” That “Oh, come on, guys” moment is put into painful and complicated perspective in “City Boy.” Mr. White had arrived in Manhattan from the Midwest seven years earlier, in 1962, spurning a chance at a Harvard Ph.D. to follow a lover.
Within 15 years, abandoned land can contain trees more than 100 feet high.
Second, it would give the three institutional actors in the budgetary process — the governor and the Democratic and Republican caucuses — strong incentives to devise budgets that appeal to middle-of-the-road voters, not political ideologues or special-interest favor seekers.
“You could hear the new Green Day songs as you were driving down the road,” Mr. Armstrong said.
Rather than giving your money to a borrower who promises a negative return, it would be better to stick the cash in your mattress.
If I could pick any player in history to start a franchise in the National Basketball Association, I would pick Bill Russell.
Mr. Flood’s “1864” compresses the multiple demands upon Lincoln into a tight time frame and thus captures a dizzying, visceral sense of why this single year took such a heavy toll.
“I think that climb suits Lance, because it’s so long, but I think Contador is the best climber in the world,” Matt White, a race director for Garmin-Slipstream, said of the stage, which ends in the principality of Andorra.
AARP (FORMERLY THE AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF RETIRED PERSONS) AARP's external marketing operation became embroiled in an internal controversy recently when it licensed the North Miami Beach Collection -- men's ultra-high-rise trousers designed to be belted at the sternum.
With credentials like that, weather was immaterial.
PHOTO: JELLY TIP: Using smaller berries makes a difference.
“This government in Colombo seems absolutely resolved to take their attack to the end.”
“He couldn’t be convinced.” Unrenovated places were in truly terrible condition, and renovated places seemed shoddily done.
In one of this city’s oldest, grandest neighborhoods, at a 1910 Tudor revival home owned by descendants of the founders of the Dayton’s and Target stores, the pranks just kept coming.
“came up fast,” trying to avoid a spool of cable bouncing in the right lane.
Because the noodles absorb water only very slowly at temperatures much below the boil, so little happens to them in the few minutes it takes for the water to heat up.
“You treat it with respect.
At the top are the Gongos, or government-operated nongovernmental organizations, which are backed by the state and staffed with civil servants.
The ’70s get a bad rap, and deservedly so in many ways.
She taught religious classes at Our Lady of Grace Roman Catholic Church, just a few blocks from her home, and volunteered in needy communities across the borough.
The bureau, akin to the F.B.I.
“They are beginning to appreciate that when countries emerge from this current economic crisis, China is likely to be either the first to emerge or right after the U.S., and that China will be one of the very few countries at the end of this crisis to emerge without having high levels of government debt.” “There is a palpable change taking place here,” Mr. Lieberthal added, “with a sense of greater confidence that China has now become an important place and needs to act that way.” But economic importance does not automatically translate into geopolitical heft.
If the capital shortfalls are severe, however, it is all but certain that private capital will not be forthcoming.
But that requires a long review process, she added, and a vote by the membership.
They argued that the main distinction between terminal sedation and euthanasia was time.
She has looked into the culinary program at Monroe College , but her student loans would total $70,000, a prospect she rejects.
As always, they’re looking for a safe pair of hands.
They probably heard him sing “Rockin’ Robin” at one point or another and lived to tell the tale.
“It has been really surprising to ourselves that we did this, and also really terrifying,” Ms. Hepburn said.
The beefy, beer-drinking, deer-hunting white guys — incessantly interviewed in bars and diners — would never buy the skinny black intellectual.
Mr. Gibbs said Wednesday that many of the guests were longtime friends of the Obama family, as well as contributors, and that it was not surprising that some visited the White House.
Many reviews of the marketing efforts have been sharply critical.
The ravages of the recession are visible in this gambling city, but one of the largest privately financed developments in the United States — an $8.5 billion city within a city called CityCenter — claims to be on schedule to open this year.
“Welcome to the most boring German election ever,” former foreign minister Joschka Fischer told me by way of greeting.
It failed, and both runners scored on an opposite-field double down the left field line by Teixeira.
The Kyrgyz Parliament voted 90 to 1 on Friday to end agreements with 11 allies of the United States who use the Manas Air Base as a refueling and transport hub for the war in Afghanistan.
Few want to consider what happens to Ukraine , a nonmember, where many European banks, especially German and Austrian ones, are heavily invested.
He was married to Agathe Snow, another downtown artist, but Ms. Berreau — who declined to be interviewed for this article — was about to give birth to their child.
“We’ve been playing so good, I want to keep it going.
“They are looking at the value of the collateral and the credit quality of the borrower.” But some borrowers argue that more refinancings now might well forestall losses for the banks later.
Indian officials said at least 64 people had died in West Bengal State.
The sales, handled under Section 363 of the federal bankruptcy code, raised the profile of a tactic once used primarily to shed failing plants or unneeded equipment, and was not considered until a few years ago as a substitute for a complete restructuring.
Over the course of four tracks that are numbered rather than titled, in accordance with Supersilent custom, the remaining three members — Arve Henriksen, Stale Storlokken and Helge Sten (a k a Deathprod), who also produced — shape a swirling fog of quavers, chirps, rumbles and drones.
Luckily, the company’s partners — and, somewhat surprisingly, computer hackers — helped to nudge it in the right direction.
Lemaire’s reputation as a defensive coach started when he was in his second season as the Devils’ coach in 1994-95.
Voter registration is organized around a national system for delivering food rations, a holdover from the Saddam Hussein era.
NORTHPORT THIS is not desecration on the level of, say, the elected powers in Rome suddenly deciding to take a wrecking ball to the Spanish Steps because they’re getting a tad crumbly — an open invitation to lawsuits filed by clumsy tourists.
“Where the cool kids are” was the headline the next morning on Style.com describing the show, in which the designers Jack McCollough and Lazaro Hernandez served up a collection that is sure to excite people who are really into fashion.
They may not prevent a thief from using existing accounts or ordering new cards.
“Guys been here awhile?” D’Antoni said.
One bedroom has a separate vanity area; another has a private patio.
Goldhagen rarely identifies his intellectual adversaries.
When Lonzo drinks, he turns violent.
But the biggest change came from nature, with stunning fury.
The world wants to believe in America again because the world needs to believe in America again.
But if spades were 4-1, declarer would have lost control, being unable to draw trumps, knock out the two aces and ruff her fourth club in the dummy.
With his tie gone long before he had arrived, Joshua Gary needed only a few minutes to change out of his public high school’s mandatory black sweater and slacks and into his squash gear: white shoes, shorts, clear protective glasses.
It is essentially the same premise as “According to Jim,” which has its season finale — and probably its last episode — in May.
After speaking, she returned to the Kennedys’ table and finally had a chance to look at the program.
Ambience Factors other than median age also affect a region’s atmosphere.
Last September, the chief of the General Administration of Quality Supervision and Quarantine and two high ranking officials in the city of Shijiazhuang, where Sanlu was based, were dismissed or stepped down.
For centuries, both men and women in Ivory Coast have adorned themselves with cast gold ornaments as prominent symbols of affluence and social status.
LAWRENCE Peninsula Public Library Julie Ann Meixsell and Ronald Meixsell, Broadway and opera.
Central to everything is the Porcellian, a secretive club that occupies a place on Harvard’s campus similar to Yale’s Skull and Bones.
But the basic conflict remains distant energy versus local energy.
If you’re giving a party, Piccolo’s has a menu of Italian-American classics including chicken parmigiana and lasagna (both $35 for a medium tray, serving about 12).
He graduated from Furman University in Greenville and earned his divinity degree at Candler School of Theology at Emory University in Atlanta.
A man has left credit card debt of $26,693.77, the legacy of a battle with cancer .
He was also silent on precisely what would constitute finishing the job in Afghanistan or how soon he envisioned being able to begin extricating the United States from the war there.
What is the most disappointing about Ms. Gillibrand’s record is her extreme opposition to reasonable gun control laws.
Helen Brown, who previously worked in pensions and investments at Standard Life insurance company in Dublin, co-founded CatwalkGenius last year along with her colleagues Malcolm Hill and Lynsey Goldring.
Of the many great lines in the classic 1985 film “The Breakfast Club,” my favorite has always been the knowing enticement delivered by Judd Nelson’s character, the delinquent John Bender: “Being bad feels pretty good, huh?” It most certainly can, and that is why the Grand Theft Auto series is so successful, both commercially and artistically.
Get a make-up lesson ($90) at Face Stockholm (401 Warren Street; 518-822-9474).
protection in the United States is difficult to assess, adding, “Our biggest struggle is trying to figure out how to understand the true value for Americans.” Circumcision will be discussed this week at the C.D.C.’s National H.I.V.
But Sergeant Major King’s ascension is also a reminder of the limits of gender integration in the military.
For example, should primary care physicians who routinely treat diabetics acknowledge that a specialized diabetes clinic staffed by endocrinologists, nurse educators and dietitians might have better medical outcomes?
Well, the MobileMark test specifies that you have the screen set to 60 nits (a brightness measurement).
“I was often alone in hotel rooms while my parents were traveling or at work,” he recalls, “and I would spend the entire day creating elaborate battle scenarios.” His father was an airplane mechanic who labored at odd jobs to make ends meet and for a while ran a Mobil station off the highway.
For example, when Howie Mandel enjoyed a resurgence as the host of the game show “Deal or No Deal,” Mr. Goldthwait said, “I was the next phone call.
Comedy ELMSFORD Westchester Broadway Theater “The Godfathers of Comedy.” June 30 at 6 p.m. $75, including meal.
Federer has now turned into a scrapper in his middle tennis age.
For another, a little controversy seldom hurts an author’s sales, said Diana Banister, a partner at Shirley & Banister, a public relations firm in Alexandria, Va., that represents writers.
Eight years after the last fighter was buried here, the cemetery has fallen into decrepitude.
One is the inclusion of many unimpressive paintings, including all of those in the downstairs space, which do little to advance the artist’s reputation; another is that Mr. Simmons still seems to be struggling with the legacy of Mr. Lam.
Ms. Edwards took her place behind the buffet table, wishing all the while that she was in Washington.
Corporate loan balances also fell slightly in the fourth quarter, even though reports were mixed.
warned that the A (H1N1) swine flu virus, which originates in pigs, could become a pandemic.
Now I had to reply.
He has won three titles and reached four finals in Australia.
Is it a power thing, making them feel less vulnerable while they sit half naked on the exam table?
In September, the bill passed the House Judiciary Committee with bipartisan support — a crucial victory, Ms. Maloney said.
The line on a recent evening snaked out the door, but those who were waiting were patient and smiling about this new spot, especially welcome in summer, the peak season for creamy, cold swirls.
For the second time in two days, Mr. Obama did not mention health care on Tuesday, a marked departure from the aggressive public relations campaign he mounted in July and early August.
No!” she screams as one dancer’s gruff elegance collides with a temple and sparks a squirming tangle, sudden crumple and wail.
On our last evening together, just before I had to return to Europe, we faced each other awkwardly and then hugged.
Mr. Dudamel made his debut in the United States at the Hollywood Bowl, which will play host to an event called “Bienvenido Gustavo!” on Oct. 3.
The fried chicken is never greasy, almost always tender and unfailingly accessorized by something perfect: biscuits or cornbread or, my favorite, an onion-goat cheese bread pudding that’s like a dreamy amalgam of stuffing and quiche.
Near the green, don’t be afraid to hit it higher because the ball isn’t going to roll, it’s going to stop.” Playing in the rain has advantages, Mowlds said, especially if you know the rules.
In a downstairs bathroom here, you can see a relic: a framed scarf printed with the Duke’s letter of abdication, a Sotheby’s give-away.
In the 1980s, as artists moved in, developers began rehabilitating houses where factory workers once lived.
‘Judy O’Grady and the colonel’s lady are sisters under the skin.’ That’s the way it should have been that night, but it wasn’t.” Mr. Dean, 29, who had been running a pub in London, was taking his family to a new life in Kansas City, Mo., where a cousin who immigrated before him had helped buy a tobacconist’s shop that Mr. Dean planned to run.
When she was home recovering in West Caldwell, N.J., Ms. Cohen read over the daily reports from her hospital stay, which had been automatically dropped into her personal health record.
Metro Atlanta Rapid Transit, $225 million of sales tax revenue bonds.
The unemployment rate, meanwhile, will rise to 9.2 percent from 8.9 percent in April, analysts forecast.
Income from stock dividends and capital gains, which makes up a disproportionate amount of the earnings of the very rich, is taxed at 15 percent.
She stirs scraps from the bird into sautéed mushrooms and heaps of baby spinach to make a creamy filling for sweetly old-fashioned crepes.
He initially told detectives that he had run into Ms. Rodriguez on the building’s fifth floor when he picked up her garbage, and that the two had said hello.
She waited five years after completing her cancer treatment and applied.
And I said, ‘So now I understand why you don’t work Massachusetts.’ ” “That cheese curd is delicious,” Nocturne says.
The neon shape replicates itself in various colors during the myriad party scenes; who needs a big set when you’ve got interesting lighting design (by Pierre Lavoie)?
“People really depended on the fish, and it’s not there.”
Uli Edel, the film’s director, and Stefan Aust, the former editor of the weekly magazine Der Spiegel who wrote the book on which it’s based, have no problems with that.
“I do not believe there is any such thing as a ‘kibbutz literature,’ ” he has argued, although his own impressions of kibbutz life provide indelible evidence of the genre.
She solves her problem, which is unbelievable credit-card debt and living beyond her means.
She is the daughter of Judith Hallett and Dr. Mark Hallett of Bethesda, Md.
Whoever does seal a deal may get a bargain, some analysts say.
The bridegroom’s mother is an administrative officer at the Internal Revenue Service in Indianapolis.
Most home care aides are women, low income and minority, and many of them are immigrants.
YUSHI The sushi goes ’round and ’round at conveyor-belt sushi bars.
Several associations have been found between personality traits and genes that govern the breakdown, recycling or detection of neurotransmitters (the molecules that seep from neuron to neuron) in the brain systems underlying mood and motivation.
“It’s now 605 yards,” Jones answered.
“I’m a populist,” Mr. Fairey said in an interview with a portrait gallery curator.
It isn’t clear where Mr. Obama will come down; it will be a surprise, however, if it isn’t somewhere close to where Mr. Gates is.
So the lower earner had to buy coverage on the private market, while the higher-earning partner provided coverage for herself and the two children.
“We had so many great players, I didn’t really have to do much as captain,” Leetch said, with the quiet understatement that marked everything he said during his career.
SAMUEL ROBERTS, left, AISHA MITCHELL and AKUA PARKER.
Staring into the middle distance, he makes soothing small talk, telling a lively little anecdote about Benjamin Franklin.
“There’s a heck of a base out there.
Free with admission: $5; free for members.
Topping the list: help with preserving crops once they are harvested and improvements in irrigation, says Maj. Denise Wilkinson, executive officer of the 57-soldier Missouri contingent that is in Nangarhar now.
Many family members who call are desperate and distraught, she said.
One week after several battalions of Marines swept through the Helmand River valley, military commanders appear increasingly concerned about a lack of Afghan forces in the field.
In the dressing room between the second and third periods, Pike, for good luck, had spat on the backhand side of Hextall’s stick, said John Halligan, a former public-relations executive for the Rangers, recalling Pike’s account of the episode.
“He brought out a bottle of Dewar’s right after a game,” Mr. Dellinger recalled.
Jeter did not raise his fist or glance at the third-base dugout before he batted in the first Thursday.
and under his able leadership, the P.C.A.O.B.
Pushed by Davis and Perkins, the Celtics outscored the Bulls’ in the paint, 44-18.
The nation must embrace “eggheads and ideas,” Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates has said, to meet potential national threats.
While for Mr. Arnold it was a phase of drug addiction and well-documented tackiness — in 1992 Spy magazine featured the couple alongside a chimpanzee on its cover and called them proof of human devolution — it was also, he recalled, a period of creative ferment.
She teaches classes for the Law School Admission Test for TestMasters in Palo Alto, Calif. She is the daughter of Myongja Lee and Tae Hwan Lee of San Ramon, Calif. Mr. Hwang, 24, graduated from Duke.
But in the days before this team time trial, Cavendish’s remarks — not his victories — made news.
There was something strange about the Swiss deciding to arrest the director now, after having let him freely move in and out of the country for three decades.
A Watson Wyatt survey released this week found that 17 percent of 141 companies surveyed had imposed furloughs in April, up from 11 percent in February.
There is a $25 minimum for mail orders.
The questions about how he fades in October are fading away.
OWENS UNLIKELY TO PLAY Terrell Owens ’s sore toe has healed, but he is not expected to play in the Buffalo Bills’ preseason finale against Detroit on Thursday.
According to AirTran, those passengers alerted the flight attendant, who notified the pilot, who notified the Transportation Security Administration, and ultimately decided that the entire plane be emptied of its passengers, swept and the luggage examined.
''There are more insurgents per square foot in correction facilities than anywhere else in Afghanistan,'' General McChrystal said in the report.
Most directors play it straight: Poppea, intent on becoming empress, sweet-talks Nerone (the Roman emperor Nero) into divorcing and exiling his wife, and she wreaks havoc in the lives of Ottone (her ex), Drusilla (who loves Ottone) and Seneca (the philosopher).
Dewey Mitchell, a spokesman for the hospital, said in an e-mail message Monday that Major Hasan was awake and able to talk since he was taken off a ventilator on Saturday.
Instead he delivered a masterclass in evasion, fobbing off his dodgily coiffed interviewer, Miggs Burroughs, with lines like “there’s no real logic to it” and “I’m not trying to be a smart aleck or a wise guy.” Rand had some good anecdotes, though, like the story about how he delivered his design proposal (that’s singular, not plural) for UPS’s identity.
tournament by Vermont and Texas A&M.
As momentum gathers throughout the month, we hope to get our chance to cheer in the stands at the Series’ final game.
Business owners anticipate widespread changes.
Facial recognition is both extremely complex and vitally essential, said Dr. Marlene Behrmann, a professor of cognitive neuroscience at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh.
INTERNATIONAL AMERICAN JOURNALIST SENTENCED To 8 Years in Iranian Prison A revolutionary court has sentenced an Iranian-American journalist, Roxana Saberi, above, to eight years in prison after convicting her of spying for the United States, her lawyer said.
The decision earlier this month to secure a precautionary credit line from the International Monetary Fund worth up to $20.5 billion gave the Polish currency a further lift.
Last week, the leader of the Qaeda wing, Abdelmalek Droukdal, threatened a “flagrant war” against France in retaliation for an effort by France’s president, Nicolas Sarkozy, to ban burqas , the head-to-toe women’s garments, which he called a symbol of “enslavement.” The surge in violence has been less audacious than an attack by the group in December 2007 , in which suicide bombers struck the United Nations and court offices in Algiers, killing 41 people and wounding 170 others.
It said it would buy slightly fewer bonds issued by agencies that guarantee home loans — $175 billion, rather than $200 billion it originally expected.
But last weekend, William Zengel arrived at an empty apartment.
United Nations officials regard the failure to come up with financing as a blind spot that jeopardizes a new global treaty.
“But if you come here, you see a place that’s so close-knit, with a real neighborly feel.” WHAT YOU’LL FIND Residents who were Civil War veterans most likely named Chickahominy for a Virginia river that influenced some key battles, as a way to honor victims, according to Greenwich’s historical society.
While DNA testing has helped to free more than 200 wrongfully convicted people, “DNA was a shock to police culture and created an alternative scientific model, which promoted standardization, transparency and a higher level of precision,” said Paul Giannelli, a forensic science expert at Case Western Reserve University School of Law who presented his research to the National Academy.
“We expect that the recovery will only gradually gain momentum and that economic activity will diminish slowly.” On Friday, the Labor Department is expected to release another blast of bad news when it estimates the pace of job losses in April.
The creation of a nonexistent controversy distracts people from what matters: global warming is real, it is caused by human activities, and it will get much worse unless we solve it.
Chris Lacenere, director of Kids Corner Cooperative Nursery School in Plainsboro, said two nursery schools nearby had each canceled one class because of low enrollment.
Her grace and kindness touched each and every person she met.
The only obsession more intense than the one other rappers have with Jay-Z is the one Jay-Z has with them.
I labeled four people as ‘rightists’.
The images are plentiful, but hollow: a man swings his arms wildly.
Does this mean that the chief justice believes that the Constitution is a living document?
Glenwood’s Barclay Tower in TriBeCa has a playroom with a waterfront theme, including a mural of New York Harbor, the Brooklyn Bridge and Coney Island.
will buy Vivendi’s 20 percent stake in NBC Universal for about $5.8 billion.
If all goes well, Agassi figures he and Renault will make enough money that competitor automakers will quickly follow.
That is the searing lesson of last fall.” While generally agreeing that Congress needed to give the government greater authority to address problems at large financial institutions, other officials — particularly Ms. Bair — took issue with several elements of the administration’s plan.
Trimming the hooves immediately would help a great deal, and, right now, so would something for the pain.
The many celebrations of Hudson’s departure from Amsterdam — he left the city on April 4, 1609, and set sail from an island in the North Sea two days later — were tied by a single theme.
''During my career, I've been portrayed as every single type of person,'' he said.
For those who may be wary of his age, Boras said teams should not be fooled by his birth certificate.
“Realistically, however,” Mr. Vigeland writes elsewhere, “can the experience of an artist of Mozart’s caliber and range be reduced to a quantum of fact and detail?
Out back: chickens, ducks, heritage turkeys, goats, beehives.
After their ghastly 3-1 loss in Costa Rica on Wednesday night , the Americans upgraded their act despite another weak start.
In February, he averaged only 8.5 points (down from 17.3 in January) and shot 35.6 percent from the floor (down from 47.5 percent in January).
“After fighting all those years against the Taliban, who were a southern Pashtun movement,” Abdullah told me recently, “for the north to push for someone from the south was breaking the ice and a milestone that we could build a future on.” Karzai’s personal tale didn’t hurt.
ST. MARK’S CHURCH IN-THE-BOWERY (Episcopal), 131 East 10th Street, East Village.
Phan Thuan An methodically explained how the Imperial City, which at one time had 150 temples and royal pavilions, had been built in accordance with the Chinese tradition, in order to maintain harmony between the emperor and his people, architecture and nature.
SCARSDALE Greenburgh Nature Center “Mad Scientist at Work,” interactive experiments with Travis Brady, museum curator.
Job opportunities will continue to be excellent, Mr. Kasper said, because the 150 or so veterinary technology programs graduated only about 3,000 people last year — not enough to meet demand.
And the Hudson Valley Shakespeare Festival, with a ravishing river backdrop that stretches into the west, was made for long views.
It follows on the heels of politicians who ran afoul of text I.Q., including a former Detroit mayor who went to prison after his steamy text messages to an aide were revealed, and Senator John Ensign of Nevada , whose affair with a former employee was confirmed by an incriminating text message.
Any profit earned in American dollars will also be worth less when converted into yen, hurting companies’ bottom lines.
In Babil Province, south of Baghdad, where Dawa won 12.5 percent, the most of any party, the party’s leaders were disappointed.
In 1918, she wangled an audition at the Follies by tagging along with her older sister, Mary, taking a stage name to disguise her youth.
The president and chief executive, Louis R. Chênevert, said a strong military backlog and significant repair and servicing businesses were setting up the company for earnings growth in 2010.
Younger, 27, is to become a member at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, N.J., where he will be a Hubble Space Telescope Fellow and will study colliding galaxies in the early universe.
Later that month, his new wife Mirka Vavrinec gave birth to twin girls.
June 25 through July 12.
At least so far, almost none of the wider fears have come to fruition.
Historians Doris Kearns Goodwin and William Seale show how four presidents -- Thomas Jefferson, Abraham Lincoln, James Garfield and Franklin D. Roosevelt -- lived and worked in the White House.
Though Mr. Lindskog captured Siegfried as an impulsive adolescent, he struggled vocally with this punishing role.
She held clerical positions at private companies and at government agencies like the Postal Service and New York City Transit, and when she was not working she enrolled at a technical school and studied computer programming and medical billing.
“He can handle all the dirty work.” Some of Mr. Radow’s assignments might as well have been combat duty.
Mr. Feinberg might be equally tightfisted when he sets pay for all of 2010 — he should be — but there is no guarantee.
Lauffer, however, needs some convincing.
My teenage daughter has severe learning disabilities.
Twiggy and Veruschka, as well as the first famous African-American model Donyale Luna, introduce an androgynous or adolescent concept to modeling.
Its blocks of limestone were pieced together without cement or mortar; it took 15 years to build.
He had 10 points, two aces and two tens, which suggest making a game-try.
But sous vide also carries an edge of risk, because vacuum sealing creates an anaerobic environment that can silently breed toxins like the bacteria that cause botulism.
“He’s very affable, gregarious, funny, has a wicked sense of humor, and he brings people together well.”
In manner and style, his new book, Liquid Memory: Why Wine Matters (Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $25), like his 2004 movie “Mondovino,” is annoying, polarizing and provocative.
had set up a special bonus pool for the financial products unit early in 2008, before the company’s near collapse, when problems stemming from the mortgage crisis were becoming clear and there were concerns that some of the best-informed derivatives specialists might leave.
“There were basically just a lot of empty shop houses.
But reprogramming adult cells opens the door to a new ethical problem: a rogue scientist could use the method to create human beings from a few cells scraped from a person’s arm.
“I have an obsessive need to fit things together in interesting ways,” she says.
This biological weapons program — Mr. Hoffman refers to it as “a dark underside of the arms race” — included the development of a super germ that mounted a grisly one-two attack on its victims: it would make them mildly ill and then, once they appeared to recover, hammer them with a death blow.
By the last day of her more recent visit, I realized that Scout’s being a bit out of sorts in Manhattan may have had a lot to do with my being tense.
When Mr. Prosnit saw it, he liked it, too, though not quite as much.
Joe Leone’s in Point Pleasant Beach isn’t the typical New Jersey Italian deli.
In a prominent recent study , scientists concluded that carbon dioxide levels were almost certainly headed beyond any levels experienced on the planet in the last 15 million years.
But we want to get to a point where teams can put as many guys in the box as they want, and we’ll still run the football.” Sanchez proved adept against Houston at converting third downs.
“He’s a straight male who doesn’t care,” Mr. Daman, left, said.
Wyeth has a big vaccine and biologics business that is not facing the same level of patent pressures, because it is much more complicated and cost-prohibitive to make generic versions of such drugs.
Willy Aybar hit solo homers from each side of the plate for the Rays, who won 9 of 10 games against Kansas City this season.
THE NEWS One high-end property is attracting a lot of attention from potential buyers despite the real estate slump: Bernard L. Madoff's Montauk beach house.
“There is a consensus that coordination of the civilian efforts in Afghanistan is inadequate,” said a senior American diplomat, speaking on the condition of anonymity because he did not want to upstage Mrs. Clinton.
The next time Ovechkin and Crosby met was on the postgame handshake line.
They went 1 for 12 in those situations and left 14 runners on base.
Last month, a judge in New Haven halted the deportations of four immigrant men who had been seized in a blatantly unconstitutional raid by Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents who stormed a house without permission, warrant or evidence.
A bold move, but not a terribly well-thought-out one.
According to the complaint by officials of the state’s legal disciplinary body , Ms. Peshek wrote posts to her blog in 2007 and 2008 that referred to one jurist as “Judge Clueless” and thinly veiled the identities of clients and confidential details of a case, including statements like, “This stupid kid is taking the rap for his drug-dealing dirtbag of an older brother because ‘he’s no snitch.’ ” Another client testified that she was drug free and received a light sentence with just five days’ jail time, and then complained to Ms. Peshek that she was using methadone and could not go five days without it.
Hamas is acting just like Fatah,” the movement led by President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority, who favors peace talks with Israel.
This house is on a dead-end road that backs up to the McCormick Ranch Golf Club.
Both men have insisted on their innocence.
I feel like what we do is important.
Like the fictional Goldbergs , real Bronx residents familiar with airshaft chatter were climbing into the middle class and leaving for the single-family homes of Westchester County and Long Island.
Instead, there is waste, grotesque human waste, some of which ends up illegally buried in the same ground where trees now bear bad fruit, some of which, like the teenager scooped up by a bulldozer on a desolate beach, is cast away like trash.
A son of one of the country’s smaller ethnic groups, he never had the luxury of drawing on the support of a dominant group.
Now I am annoyed every time I see her.
This year, instead, Leon Botstein, the festival’s founder and co-director, and the American Symphony Orchestra, its house band, open their season in New York with a different kind of appendage.
The Source went through a bankruptcy and emerged under new ownership last year.
Precise joinery and repeated sanding and polishing lent his work a rock-solid integrity and silken luster that help explain why one of his rocking chairs sold at auction last year for $51,000.
The waiver that soldiers like Private Meier are asked to sign is simply to notify them that “there are circumstances when disclosure of behavioral health information can occur without prior consent,” Ms. Vaughan said.
We believe the improvements we’ve made in merchandising, marketing and operations, in the U.S. and around the world, are sustainable.
rookie of the year in 2002 for the Toronto Blue Jays, where he remained until a trade to Boston in 2006.
Knight even brought a whip to an interview session.
Plavix, the second-best-selling drug in the world, behind Pfizer’s Lipitor , had worldwide net sales of $5.6 billion for 2008, an 18 percent increase over 2007.
Someone’s going to break in.” While there may be fewer potential buyers than at the height of the real estate boom, those still in the hunt say they are realistic about Nicaragua’s political situation.
Further complicating matters, Mr. Monserrate reiterated his support for Mr. Espada, but would not answer when asked repeatedly if he still supported Dean G. Skelos , a Long Island Republican who was named majority leader on Monday, in a power-sharing deal with Mr. Espada.
The desire to relive our feelings and emotions through the music we love is no less than our raison d’être.
The 160 or so others who went inside for dinner got clam chowder, mixed vegetables, French rolls, apple pie and, most of all, companionship.
Reactions lag, jokes fall flat and you wind up accidentally interrupting each other — “Oh, I’m sorry, go ahead ”— all because there’s a one-second delay between saying something and its arrival at the other person’s speakers.
Carey helped out by singing at Daniels’s house to dazzle potential investors.
In these circumstances, the Federal Reserve will continue to employ a wide range of tools to promote economic recovery and to preserve price stability.
Tuesdays through Sundays, noon to 4:30 p.m. Nassau County Museum of Art, 1 Museum Drive.
That’s so completely simple-­minded.” In the novel’s third and least convincing story line, Lucy, an Ohio girl of modest means who has just finished high school, runs away with her mysterious, Maserati-driving history teacher, George, in pursuit of a new start and the vast riches he promises to secure them.
“There’s an analogy that is not true in health care now but that I hope one day will be so,” Dr. Chassin reflected.
Jo Frost teaches the parents how to take control.
Coach Andy Reid calls the Wildcat “a good wrinkle,” and the Eagles had already bulked up their Wildcat package of plays before Vick was even signed.
Equatorial Guinea said Tuesday that it had pardoned Simon Mann, a former British special forces officer jailed last year for plotting to overthrow the country’s president in a conspiracy that seemed as much a throwback to the continent’s past as a catalog of bungles.
What follows are a series of slides, presented in order, from a lecture on science and belief that Dr. Collins gave at the University of California, Berkeley, in 2008: Slide 1: “Almighty God, who is not limited in space or time, created a universe 13.7 billion years ago with its parameters precisely tuned to allow the development of complexity over long periods of time.” Slide 2: “God’s plan included the mechanism of evolution to create the marvelous diversity of living things on our planet.
And though the Yankee backstop never got the chance to try to throw out a runner in the team's 5-1 victory, the manager, Joe Girardi, said he liked what he saw.
The affidavit said that investigators for the State Department’s Diplomatic Security Service were also investigting whether Mr. Warren recorded the assaults, which are said to have occurred in September 2007 and February 2008, and stored the images on his computer, cell phone and digital camera.
Inside the 625-square-foot rooms are parterres planted with spring bulbs, followed in summer by herbs, lavender, roses and peonies.
He declared before leaving the stage, “I ain’t finished yet.”
When I was alerted to the report that the team had compiled for Physicians for Human Rights, my first thought was, “What more is there to say?” And then I thought about Mr. Wiesel, who has warned us so eloquently about the dangers inherent in indifference to the suffering of others.
Paralyzed for decades by that event, turned in on itself, landlocked and surrounded by mostly hostile neighbors, Armenia has had until now almost no place to see modern and contemporary art from outside the country.
In southernmost Westchester there are a number of grocers that primarily serve nearby enclaves of Indian expatriates.
Teachers were visiting Mr. Wiener’s wife and three sons Thursday night at the hospital’s intensive care unit.
Goldman said on Monday that it would seek to raise $5 billion by selling new common stock and use the proceeds, along with other funds, to repay the government.
Vickery’s greatest achievement is to upend the notion that the home was divided into separate spheres in which men were responsible for brick and stone while women ruled over domestic life.
Luxury hotels are heavily dependent on high-end business travel , corporate meetings and international visitors — all of which have fallen.
Only the first game, called the First World Championship Game, had no Roman numerals.
Chris Weafer, chief strategist at UralSib Capital, an investment bank, said the decision would most likely be shrugged off in Moscow, though it would surely harm Russia's already dim image for investors.
“These are proprietary trading shops that are masquerading as market makers,” said Tim Quast of Modern IR, a consulting firm that advises corporations on market structure issues.
The history ends in the fall of 2005, when many American officials still felt optimistic about Afghanistan’s future.
And this hyper-efficiency has led them to look for a magic formula to get high scores.” James Hogge, associate dean of the Peabody School of Education at Vanderbilt University , said: “Students often confuse the level of effort with the quality of work.
Bruce Wilkinson joined the Chicago office of Euro RSCG Discovery, part of the Euro RSCG Worldwide division of Havas, in a new post, senior vice president for sales.
Eleven federal judges of the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco offered pointed commentary and tough questions on Tuesday to lawyers arguing a case about secrecy, torture and presidential power.
Her first prospect was yet another co-worker, which caused Dr.
“Because this neighborhood is still developing, and there are still a few empty lots around, and more amenities to come, the prices are great.
Mr. Forster had been outspoken in his support of the sale and this week criticized G.M.’s handling of the deal, the result of talks that started in the spring as the company spiraled toward its June 1 bankruptcy filing.
House members have asked for a copy of the Ethics Commission report on Mr. Sanford, but he has blocked its release.
The infamous Abu Ghraib photograph of Pvt.
“We’ve got to become more efficient.” To that end, a team of New York postal officials is looking at seven potential closings in the Bronx , five in Manhattan and two in Queens , said Monica Hand, a Postal Service spokeswoman.
Since then, Janet Napolitano, who replaced Michael Chertoff as secretary of Homeland Security, has ordered a comprehensive review of detention practices.
The violinist Anne-Sophie Mutter was the soloist in the E Minor Violin Concerto, and her reading embodied many of the characteristics of her recent recording of the work for Deutsche Grammophon, most notably her hard-pushed tempos.
Those sanctions are being appealed.
In this case, the F.D.I.C., and its chairwoman, Sheila Bair, had particular reason to want to grab as much power as possible: the Obama administration is about to embark on the largest overhaul of the American regulatory infrastructure since the Great Depression.
The Israeli forces were surrounding Gaza City and, residents said, were east of Khan Yunis in the south.
“A lot of dead-dog losers.
“Act Now!” On a stage at the eastern edge of the square, a succession of speakers stoked a cheering crowd, their voices booming over loudspeakers.
A recent online search found nonstop round-trip prices from New York in June from $777 to $1,219.
But it was as the lead character in “The Prisoner,” identified only as No.
WHEN food-loving New Yorkers dream of a better life, a restaurant like Recipe figures into it.
‘’But we trust that the business and commercial channels operate in a normal and fair way.” “Smithfield’s dominance and manifest aggressive approach is worrying,” Mr. Steensen said in one agricultural report.
Maybe in this day and age it might ring alarm bells.
By sad contrast, voters in Maine — by a slim margin, and following an aggressive, narrow-minded campaign led by the forces of the religious right — repealed the state’s new law extending the freedom to marry to same-sex couples.
The documentary’s collective voices suggest the country is profoundly war weary after enduring 30 years of strife originating from inside and outside its borders.
By contrast, Citigroup and Bank of America both reported huge losses.
But her answers will be complicated by her participation in a 2006 decision applying and extending Kelo.
“Looks good there,” he finally said, grinning up at me.
Unless that maneuver is approved, Mr. Corzine cannot proceed with plans to cut school aid by $75 million to balance the current state budget.
It renders a federal law moot where religious organizations object.
So Mr. Garrecht trained them to raise money using the cold-calling skills familiar to every Wall Street salesman.
It is by no means a fast and easy path, but the cause of same-sex marriage is moving forward — proof that justice can triumph over wedge politics and prejudice.
“He’s never met a camera he didn’t like,” Penguins forward Bill Guerin said with a smile.
The house would have to be off-grid.
It was supposed to have been Annie Le’s wedding night.
These are Dan Brown’s kind of readers.
MAPLE syrup has joined the luxury good market.
It was a nice change , writes Tim Brown on Yahoo.com, and it proved again that whether you liked him or not, Johnson is always worth watching , writes Danny Knobler on CBSSports.com .
IN his recent education speech, President Obama asked the states to raise their standards and develop “assessments that don’t simply measure whether students can fill in a bubble on a test.” With the No Child Left Behind law up for reauthorization this year, the onus is now on lawmakers and educators to find a way to maintain accountability while mitigating the current tendency to reduce schooling to a joyless grind of practice exams and empty instruction in “reading strategies.” Before we throw away bubble tests, though, we should institute a relatively simple change that would lessen the worst effects of the test-prep culture and improve education in the bargain.
Kate may be the main character, but everyone in the novel has a relationship with the old wreck she’s restoring.
“I’m Estelle of the Ronettes.
In a far corner, a female mannequin rests on a chair, nude but for a silver cape and a wide-brimmed red hat.
Former President George W. Bush hardly misses it at all.
This has been a Varmus concern too, though as N.I.H.
A friend named Damion (Dennis L. A.
Bars were open, serving free beer and champagne; friends and strangers hugged and screamed; tinny Trabants from the East sputtered alongside sleek Mercedes in the spontaneous joy of unexpected liberation.
“He put a ton of capital to work,” Mr. Fuller said.
Jazz guitarist and cherished husband, son, brother, uncle, in-law, teacher, friend, inspiration, passed away August 28, 2009 at the age of 46, after battling non-hodgkins lymphoma.
When first applied to medical studies, in 2007, the bachelor’s and master’s degree format was embraced by only 7 of the 46 Bologna signatory countries.
to the Round of 16.
Now East, thinking that declarer was hoping to get diamond ruffs in the dummy, cashed his spade ace and led another spade.
“I thought, ‘This isn’t going to be difficult,’ ” said Shira Silverman, 34, of the Bronx, who is getting divorced.
That’s a problem with the songs too.
Community testing programs are likely to attract people who suspect that they might have contracted H.I.V.
Gunfire heard overnight eased in the early hours, according to residents in Bissau, the capital.
Opinions will differ as to which of the two parties involved in the poisonously bad date is the more toxic agent.
“It is as conflicted a situation as you’ll ever find.” New York State’s weak lobbying regulations do not appear to specifically ban lobbyists from working as personal lawyers for lawmakers, nor do the Senate’s internal rules.
Bradford, a redshirt junior, won the Heisman Trophy in December.
For example, the Hedge Fund Research Weighted Composite Index, a measure of aggregate hedge fund returns, rose 14.1 percent this year through August.
Lenders who were making money by putting the loans into pools became more and more eager to make loans, and less and less concerned about their quality.
In January, Joel Piaskowski left Hyundai’s North American Design Center in Irvine, Calif., to join Mercedes-Benz as head of its California studio.
“But it is kind of crazy.
In May 2008, Sergeant Somsak helped seize thousands of methamphetamine pills packaged in condoms and hidden in the vaginas of eight hill-tribe women who tried to board a plane for Bangkok before they were arrested.
The dress was made by the Roman Fontana sisters in 1952, before she broke off an engagement to an English aristocrat, and the budding star asked the designers to give the dress to ''the most beautiful, poor Italian girl you can find.''
It will be directed by Mark Lamos , the recently appointed artistic director at the Westport Country Playhouse in Connecticut, and is to begin previews at the Mitzi E. Newhouse Theater on May 27 and open on June 24.
The Mets (49-52) took three of four games in their series with the Rockies (55-47), who came to New York as one of the hottest teams in baseball and the leaders of the wild-card chase.
Both are great horses, and certainly deserving of horse of the year in a normal year.
Ryan said Friday night in a conference call that the team’s linebackers were among the top groups in the N.F.L.
Now the old fliers and other material, including correspondence, photographs and videotapes, are about to become part of a collection run by the Tamiment Library and Robert F. Wagner Labor Archives, which record labor history and radical politics, at New York University .
While I now accept the constant presence of an invisible and powerful third party in my interactions with patients, I can still feel my shoulders tighten whenever I hear the word “authorization.” But it is not the third party per se that causes the hairs on the back of my neck to rise.
“Job fears are keeping people from buying.” Community Financial Corporation , a Portland-area mortgage lender owned by Banner Bank of Walla Walla, Wash., recently began offering 30-year, fixed-rate mortgages for less than 4 percent on new houses for which it extended a construction loan, in a bid to overcome anxiety with easy money.
The Vatican said that it would release details in the coming weeks, but that generally, former Anglican prelates chosen by the Catholic Church would oversee Anglicans, including entire parishes or even dioceses, seeking to convert.
will deliver a search box to track parcels, as well as a phone number for customer service.
There is unquestionably an increased urgency for the Knicks’ three best young players — Gallinari, Chandler and Lee — to grow up and deliver soon.
With enough confidence, I’ll get there.” Figueroa said he was impressed with Takahashi’s ability to throw the shuuto pitch three ways and how deeply responsible the Japanese feel for their failures.
By including “lightweight” even followed by the rejoinder “but there are many who find Mr. Hockney’s ceaseless explorations exciting,” Ms. Kino insults not just this incredibly gifted man but the intelligence of your readers.Byron Reimus Yardley, Pa.
“Initially, people thought of me as a very aggressive attacker of Wall Street because of the research analyst cases mostly, but then it evolved into someone who was trying to help regulate the markets and get us through the worst financial crisis of our lifetime.” “We have to reform Wall Street,” he added, “but not destroy it.” Mr. Grasso, at least, is sold.
Irvington Town Hall Theater, 85 Main Street.
Riemer did not blame his coach.
Mr. Hedges — who died of melanoma on March 10 at the age of 57, his wife, Christy, said — represented clients like Simon Cowell, Richard Gere, Mel Gibson, Steve Martin and the estate of Elvis Presley.
Some alternatives, like Politico.com and ProPublica, an investigative reporting outfit financed by philanthropy, do original journalism.
That new proprietor declared bankruptcy in late 2007, taking the Today Sponge out of production last year.
Cafardo asked Commissioner Bud Selig if he’d like to see a new Fenway, and he responded by saying, “There’s something about Fenway and Wrigley that I’d like to see preserved.” Like the stadiums, right?
These are muddy waters indeed.
But only 3 in 10 Americans said Republicans were doing the same.
Inside the imposing British Crown Court here, Phillipa Curtis, 22, and her parents cried as she was remanded for 21 months to a high-security women’s prison, for killing someone much like herself.
Has it all been a fiction?
The conversation about women can only change when the language about, for and of women changes.
Nearly six months after gruesome ethnic rioting on the western frontier of Xinjiang, Chinese authorities gingerly began to lift an Internet blackout on Tuesday, allowing partial access to a pair of official news sites.
Paul A. Laudicina, chairman and managing officer of A. T. Kearney, the management consulting firm, noted that major consumer innovations like Neoprene and Teflon came out of the Depression.
So for the moment, the matter is stalled in New Hampshire.
A special advisory committee to the Treasury warned in a report that the government’s huge and rapidly escalating need to borrow money would weigh heavily on the financial markets and that investors would demand higher interest rates in exchange for buying up the avalanche of new bonds.
Prolonged unemployment is a heavy enough burden on one’s pride, but some days the added weight of the still-too-common social stigma it carries makes it a hard load to carry indeed.
When food and energy were added, the Consumer Price Index rose 0.4 percent in November, largely because of a 6.4 percent jump in gasoline prices and a 7.3 percent rise in oil prices.
HUNGER: A Novella and Stories , by Lan Samantha Chang (Norton, $13.95.)
They receive fewer health care benefits and less unemployment insurance, and they rarely have the shield of a union.
He and others said that Israel agreed to the road map and to move ahead with the removal of settlements and soldiers from Gaza in 2005 on the understanding that settlement growth could continue.
Relaxed and ready, the United States team has been enjoying itself all week, bonding in the team room, playing table tennis and pool and hanging out with the honorary assistant captain, Michael Jordan, the golf fanatic and retired N.B.A.
Call these sometimes rowdy, cantankerous survivors heroes if you like (some are more serene than others about death intruding for a second time); they certainly don’t.
The health committee has no jurisdiction over taxes, but some senators are concerned that the tax will hit too many middle-class workers, especially members of labor unions.
Never a great beauty, Ms. Brown developed a presence, Ms. Scanlon writes.
For a certain generation, “The Marvelous Wonderettes” is an utter charm bomb (2:00).
Kansas’ Mark Mangino resigned Dec. 3 amid a university investigation into his treatment of players.
She found temporary refuge in Mr. Muller’s 500-square-foot studio, and figured it would only be a couple of weeks.
Toshiya Sugiuchi replaced Iwakuma to start the seventh and retired all nine batters, leaving Cuba looking even worse than it had against Iwakuma.
“I had an inclination from some reading that there’s a market for gourmet mushrooms,” he said.
Intelligence officials in Pakistan say that the newly proclaimed leader, Hakimullah Mehsud, is dead.
Officials dropped that placeholder last month, saying that that the improved financial conditions allowed them to manage with the original $700 billion that Congress authorized last year.
And — often — the coordination of upper- and lower-body parts, a lively interplay of both arm gesture and foot rhythm, a complex sense of through-the-body line and unequaled articulation of the eyes.
“Historically, the Purple Heart has never been awarded for mental disorders or psychological conditions resulting from witnessing or experiencing traumatic combat events,” said Eileen Lainez, a Pentagon spokeswoman.
Cherished grandfather of Eric Jr. and Michael.
WHERE TO EAT Rebecca’s Take Out (435 Water Street, Old Harbor; 401-466-5411).
Collins has done that rare thing.
“They get over there and just making all that money is not what it’s made out to be,” Colangelo said.
The Israeli government provided airfare for Tatia Rosenthal , whose film “9.99” is an Israeli-Australian co-production.
Contributions in her memory may be made to Susan G. Komen for the Cure (www.komen.org).
But Beijing has made some exceptions to its general antipathy toward sanctions in the past, including agreeing to a package of financial and trade restrictions against North Korea in June.
The Eastern Professional Hockey League was one of them.
Mr. Levine said that he had received a letter from the contractor about the columns, and asked Mr. Gombossy to meet with the company and to “be nice to them” because an advertising deal was at risk, Mr. Gombossy said.
Patriots Theater at the War Memorial, Memorial Drive.
THE BOTTOM LINE While the Empire’s rooms could use some polishing, especially at $300 or so a night, the bars make it a serious contender for an entirely different kind of Fashion Week blowout.
For years the restaurant, near West 67th Street, was one of the highest-grossing independently owned restaurants in the United States.
Reading the script immediately, Ms. Allen said that she was “blown away.” It was, she said, “so pretty, just so pretty, and not cynical and very open and funny.” She called her agent, who was at a bar mitzvah in Detroit.
But children can meet early American heroes in person (well, reasonable facsimiles thereof) at the New-York Historical Society in celebration of Independence Day.
But maybe we should think this through.
A spokesman for Wachtell said the claim that it opposed waiving the attorney-client privilege was “totally erroneous” and maintained that Wachtell, Cleary, and Paul Weiss gave the same advice at all times.
Aaron Brooks led a late charge and finished with 23 points for Houston, which has not made it out of the first round since 1997.
The trial is not expected until early 2010.
I have not read the novel by Dan Brown on which this film (directed, like its predecessor, “The Da Vinci Code,” by Ron Howard ) is based.
My wife, she’s not understanding because she wasn’t there.
She won and was soon on her way to the winners’ concert with the Met orchestra in New York, where the 10 finalists sang two arias each.
Momentum also reflects desire to save on food costs.
“We still expect German G.D.P.
It’s a very impressive development in terms of design.” While Etsy is still the spot to find crocheted apple cozies ($7.25 from Kris0376) and raw bacon magnets ($4.99 from Design Dude), it is more and more the place to buy compelling design pieces as well, like a carpenter’s clamp bookshelf made entirely of bone china ($500 from Ricochet Studio; above).
Andrews had always dreamed of being a physician — his grandfather, a farmer by trade, was an admired, if untrained, local country doctor — and he won early acceptance to L.S.U.’s medical school, skipping his senior year.
At 8 p.m., Joyce SoHo, 155 Mercer Street, (212) 352-3101, joyce.org.
“I’m very proud of us.” The United States has qualified for six consecutive World Cups, beginning with 1990.
Minute quantities of late-harvested sweet wines had always been made in Alsace, but by the mid-20th century, quality levels were no longer enforced, and myriad mediocre wines were being sold under generic German terms like spätlese and auslese.
For a quarter-century, a parade of executives and activist investors, including H. Ross Perot , the billionaire Kirk Kerkorian and his adviser, the restructuring expert Jerome B. York, has failed to shake things up at the highest level.
Among the sculptural works — from China, India and Brazil — is Cai Guo-Qiang ’s “Illusion of Childhood,” an assemblage of bicycles, toys and other objects.
Smearing pungent perfumes and lotions around my nose didn’t work either.
Couldn’t break a pane of glass.
Mr. Feltsman’s performance of “Carnaval” was more memorable, with a cohesive sense of the work’s overall architecture.
Impossible situations do not remove the necessity of individual choice, and Lorna is worth caring about not because she is an emblem of innocent suffering, but because she is stubborn, willful and capable of taking action.
A pregnant American tourist was abducted and killed during a morning jog in Fajardo, P.R., in February.
To ensure that every couple did its fair share of baby-sitting, the co-op introduced a form of scrip: coupons made out of heavy pieces of paper, each entitling the bearer to one half-hour of sitting time.
“The networks weren’t going to run anything until the family signed off,” Mr. Pliakas said in an interview Monday.
Then there is the interminable health care debate.
It’s embedded in the time of year, in the fading light, crunchy leaves and icy air.
said it did not keep data on such fees.
But it found almost 20 million unsafe abortions, mostly in poorer countries and often carried out by the women themselves using inappropriate drugs or herbal potions, or by untrained traditional healers.
CORNELL 78, LA SALLE 75 The senior forward Ryan Wittman scored a career-high 34 points to become the career scoring leader at host Cornell (10-2).
audit identified the problem for 2003 and 2004.
At 24, she is skating with the “Stars on Ice” tour.
After her fourth hole Thursday, Helen Alfredsson said she wondered, “What is going on?” What was going on was an amazing round of golf, a 62 by the 44-year-old Alfredsson in the first round of the L.P.G.A.’s Sybase Classic at Upper Montclair Country Club.
For example, an editor might take an article from one of the company’s British newspapers and translate “fortnight” as “two weeks,” and “row” as “argument” so it could run in, say, The Wall Street Journal or The New York Post.
Where is that remote, anyway?
Late last year, the Lebanese authorities announced the discovery of what they said was an Israeli-run spy ring.
Ethics advocates acknowledge that the reforms they have won recently in statehouses are little more than baby steps — small concessions from a political class that is worried, but perhaps not yet worried enough to inflict on itself the kind of wholesale changes produced in earlier eras of reform.
They are confident that Church will rebound, and he is looking forward to that first game at Citi Field, an April 3 exhibition against Boston.
Not long after Jankovic had been drubbed, 6-1, 6-4, by Marion Bartoli in Rod Laver Arena, the fitter yet still fragile third-seeded Dinara Safina had to save two match points on the same court against another Frenchwoman, Alizé Cornet, before finally prevailing, 6-2, 2-6, 7-5.
Even though the largest of the proposed cuts would reduce reimbursements to hospitals , many fear that beneficiaries would ultimately lose out.
One of the signal successes of Mike Bloomberg’s tenure is that during his two terms as mayor of a rough, tough, extremely contentious city, he has helped lower the racial temperature.
Admission is $25 at the door.
We last hear from him on the phone, still wanting to be paid.
When the Holocaust museum opened in 1993, a permanent exhibition about the American response said: “American Jewish organizations repeatedly asked the U.S. War Department to bomb Auschwitz.
Bright spots include Twyla Tharp and William Forsythe works by the Aspen Santa Fe Ballet and, in a sign that the festival may finally be letting in exciting younger contemporary choreographers, a premiere by Faye Driscoll.
At the Bernard B. Jacobs Theater, 242 West 45th Street, Manhattan; (212) 239-6200.
Federal health officials said Thursday that almost 10,000 people had died of swine flu since April, a significant jump from mortality numbers released last month.
He is 24, and Alex Ferguson, his manager at Manchester United, has spent six years finding ways to get the best out of him.
They are shepherded by pioneer protective groups like the Columbia-Greene Humane Society/Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and the Thoroughbred Retirement Foundation.
The Ford Motor Company can substitute its stock for as much as half of its payments into a retiree health care trust under a deal announced Monday by the automaker and the United Automobile Workers union.
Mr. Nashiri, who was implicated in the bombing of the Navy destroyer Cole in 2000, was one of two C.I.A.
India’s chaotic politics can sometimes seem democratic to a fault: the election cycle rarely pauses and the country has roughly 1,050 registered national and regional political parties.
In the depths of the Depression, Ray Robinson remembers with wonder, he would go to Yankee Stadium to see his heroes Lou Gehrig and Herb Pennock.
“That’s the beauty of these canyons — they protected our people for a long time.” I stared up at the rust-colored spires juxtaposed against a brilliantly blue spring sky.
Mass production has driven down the cost of many foods, not only in terms of price but also in the amount of time required to obtain them.
It has sent some unsuspecting theatergoers who thought they were in for a frivolous good time to the exits at intermission, but it usually brings those who remain until the final curtain to their feet.
Mr. Frampton soon left Humble Pie but remained with Mr. Anthony, who kept him on the road.
David Walker North Dartmouth, Mass.
It had to be assembled in my mind, from the fragments of anecdotes and regular journeys east.
Mr. Huynh helped translate for a young Vietnamese woman who was in the classroom next to the one where the shooting unfolded and described seeing blood on the floor and a dead body in the hallway.
“I’ve always found that unconscionable,” Cowen said.
Neither the State Department nor the Cuban government has released the identity of the detainee, who was a subcontractor for Development Alternatives Inc. , an international development group based outside Washington, D.C.
While the 29 made their way out of the clubhouse and onto the buses Saturday morning, those players whose names are practically carved into the opening day roster paced around enjoying breakfast.
Nights and weekends help too, though, since it can give weary parents the opportunity to decompress at the movies or brainstorm at a cafe.
But before the defensive struggles and before injuries hit the team and increased the pressure on him, he batted .324 in April.
In 2008, Mr. Schwarzenegger signed an executive order establishing a 33 percent renewable target by 2020.
The city had acted after the company, headquartered in Ossining, N.Y., and its chief executive, V. Reddy Kancharla, were indicted on state enterprise corruption charges in October.
He is being banished, even in death.
“So, what a world, what a world,” she said looking around, bright and wide-eyed.
The Lake George Opera presents “Madame Butterfly” and “Don Pasquale.” (518) 587-3330, spac.org .
Justice O’Connor herself underwent surgery for breast cancer in 1988.
You really need to be in L.A. and New York and Chicago.” The commercial will, however, appear in those markets on other shows that have accepted it, like “Sunday Night Football” on NBC and “The Ellen DeGeneres Show,” the syndicated talk show distributed by Warner Brothers Television.
She noted that the petition process was layered with various stages of public access, from the moment a signature gatherer engages with a potential signer, to the private databases those gatherers might build with the information, to the state validation process, which is often observed by advocates on various sides of whatever issue is at hand.
“I don’t think they will be stealing market share from Amazon ,” Ms. Rotman Epps said.
The fourth person inside the Mitsubishi, Jon Wilhite, was hospitalized, as was an unidentified passenger in the minivan.
Beloved mother of Marilyn (Harold) Janow.
The system is available for a standard single-head shower (about $1,200), for Roman or whirlpool tubs (about $1,300) and for a shower with multiple heads, called a vertical spa (about $2,500), said Mark Knurek, senior product manager.
Measuring equity positions at banks today is easy, if unsettling.
So when his most recent trip to China came just before the Great Sage’s 2560th birthday on Sept. 28, I assumed the role of a good Confucian daughter and accompanied him on a pilgrimage to honor the philosopher.
Goodbyes and good lucks were exchanged, with no mention of the dimming cheap metaphor now gone from the horizon.
Her death was confirmed by Carl M. Williams Funeral Directors of Atlanta.
It has been a staple for college football and basketball coaches, but only two other N.B.A.
But, he said, “It’s very important because it shows the feasibility of the approach.” About 1.4 million Americans abuse cocaine, but there are no Food and Drug Administration-approved drug therapies to reduce dependence.
But fire investigators, moving slowly through the ruined house, began seeing things (not unlike someone viewing a Rorschach pattern) that they interpreted as evidence of arson.
In April, Marriott International announced that it would no longer deliver newspapers to every guestroom in the morning; guests can request a paper or pick one up in the lobby.
He said the troops also detained four men.
“Time is running out.” Then he laid down a challenge: “I am so proud to be in the same room with the men who defeated the Soviet Union .
I was searching for more clues to flesh out the Clark Kent alter ego of golf’s Superman, and I collected enough material to write two articles.
Jamil sounds different on the second day of the attack.
104) is based on a folk song.
“Our region is one part of the world that Americans have largely stopped worrying about,” the letter said, even though “all is not well either in our region or in the trans-Atlantic relationship.” While the letter covered a range of issues, including the dangers presented to the young democracies in the region by the economic crisis, Russia was clearly central to the worries expressed by the drafters.
The Orchard Park, N.Y., police said an Ontario man called the organization that owns the carving.
Amid the clamor to find the next basketball wunderkind, the evaluation of sixth graders remains an uncertain pursuit.
RIVERHEAD Suffolk County Historical Society “Patriots Come Forward: Suffolk County’s Role in the Civil War,” exhibition exploring the experiences of Long Islanders during the Civil War.
Those figures had previously been spread around many other items, and broken out only in a report that comes out on a delayed basis.
Mr. Bloomberg considered the package to be outsize for a state employee, particularly given the current financial climate, two people familiar with his view said.
He won praise for prosecuting the military dictators who had preceded him in office.
The shares plunged 26 percent on the day after the company announced a six-month delay in deliveries.
It is even conceivable that someone could go to the time and expense of registering for the waiting lists of several transplant centers around the country.
But he did not do it all by himself.
In 2007, Kasparov was arrested and briefly imprisoned following an anti-government rally.
He must have been suffering from serious pain,” said Mr. Heim, who is tall, like his father, with a long mournful face and speaks softly and carefully.
In 1950 Harry Hay (Thomas Jay Ryan), a teacher and Communist Party member, helped form a group, later called the Mattachine Society, devoted to the welfare and protection of “temperamentals” (Hay’s term for gay men).
I cannot tell good art from bad art.
Brevoort is not mourning the death of the man he came to see, or the horror of his acts.
Though The New York Times Web site attracted 20 million unique users in October, Web-driven revenues support only an estimated 20 percent of the paper’s current staff.
SABRES 2, BLACKHAWKS 1 Starting over Ryan Miller for the third time this season, Patrick Lalime made 39 saves for host Buffalo.
Irving Berlin composed “White Christmas” after spending a discontented warm yuletide in Los Angeles.
All, that is, except Don Giovanni, in a three-piece black suit with a black eye mask, who slumps in a chair off to the side by himself.
The pen name fulfills its prophecy.
Then long, fitted suit jackets were caught at the waist by a snake belt.
So ask the bankers if they would be open to extending credit to your business, and if so, under what terms.
Canadian hockey icons have recently lined up to criticize Washington’s Alex Ovechkin’s exuberant goal celebrations, and Ovechkin decided over the weekend to toss a curveball back at them, nailing Don Cherry right in the sport coat .
While grateful for Thabeet’s good fortune and future, Gary Jurney wonders about those abandoned on a highway littered with failure and neglect.
The test that candidates take involves being able to pick out, quickly and by ear, harmonic structures, melodic organization and other musical elements.
By most accounts it has tried to maintain a legal work force given how hard it is for employers to weed out applicants whose fake documents look authentic.
“Conditioned hypereating” is a chronic problem that is made worse by dieting and needs to be managed rather than cured, he said.
I don’t know what that means, but the president seemed pretty relaxed when he said it.
BEFORE the advent of affordable helicopter rides, a backcountry ski trip was primitive.
“After a while I said to my father, ‘Could we get some strings for it?’ ” he recalled.
His face, skeletal and austere, seemed a piece of the desert itself.
House lawmakers and Senate liberals were furious to learn in August that to win drug makers’ political support, the White House and the Senate Finance Committee had struck the deal to cap industry costs at $80 billion.
Some players immediately alighted for the laundry room with bundles of dirty socks.
By renovating thousands of its stores, ratcheting down the pace of its breakneck expansion and all but abandoning its upscale ambitions, it turned around its lagging sales.
A leader in the financial planning field, Rob enjoyed horse racing and was a lifelong Islanders fan.
I turned the doorknob, waiting for it to jam.
JONATHAN ABRAMS PHOTO: Michigan State's Raymar Morgan broke his nose against Kansas and will wear a protective mask against Louisville on Sunday in the regional final.
But what is the alternative?
Presumably these shareholders either reinvested these funds or used them for consumption.
“If you pass it by one vote, you can say it’s a defining moment,” said former Senator John B. Breaux, a Louisiana Democrat.
But it was never recognized by orthodox Christian churches in South Korea, which dominate religious life here, along with Buddhist sects.
“The Iraqis will tell you what you want to hear,” said the official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the delicacy of the matter.
D. GREEN Fulbright Scholar Certified Teacher of Labanotation New York
We hope this was not just grandstanding and that he and his supporters will find a way to make as powerful a case for this victim’s rights as they did for Mr. Chaudhry’s return to the Supreme Court.
Hoping to save as many babies as possible, Mrs. Sorrells decided instead to eliminate two of the fetuses, reducing her pregnancy to triplets.
If the party loses in elections this year, it could mean a drastic redrawing of Japan’s political lines, as Liberal Democratic lawmakers defect to create new parties or join the opposition, which has historically been weak and divided.
Uwe Reinhardt, the eminent Princeton University economist, says that dueling political claims notwithstanding, the health care overhaul that Americans want is clear.
But Laurie Wells does not seem to be having any fun as Dorothy Brock and Austin Miller seems to be having too much as Billy Lawler, the tenor who befriends Peggy and gives her career a push.
Top Goldman managers held a series of meetings last week and tentatively decided to give the money back even more quickly than originally planned, people involved in the talks said.
No children are whipped in that memoir, yet three of them die as a result of Malachy McCourt’s persistent intoxication.
Since our wedding, the numbers have increasingly turned against us.
But when I met my mother there on the day they brought him over, I wasn’t really surprised to see her waving from across the hall with a big smile on her face, about to laugh.
(Ms. Finke would receive $40,000 as the class representative under the terms of the settlement.
There will be two commercials by the Arnell Group in New York, part of Omnicom, for varieties of SoBe Life Water; one spot will be in 3-D, as part of a promotion for a new film, “Monsters vs. Aliens,” from DreamWorks Animation.
The shortest Day on my list is eDay (Oct. 4).
Grand Ayatollah Hossein Ali Montazeri, whose death this month carried heavy symbolism in a land where symbols are potent, intuited the revolution’s unsustainable tensions two decades ago.
But a vice president of the Regional Airlines Association, Scott W. Foose, said that while the number of failed tests raised questions, it was “not necessarily cause for alarm.” Captain Renslow’s job with Colgan was his first with an airline.
Incense filled the dark air.
“I sat there and said, ‘Will I be able to live with myself two or three years from now if I let this go?’ ” he told reporters.
“Whatever the results show, I don’t know, I don’t care.
Today Bueno de Mesquita’s firm essentially consists of himself and Harry Roundell, a former banker at J. P. Morgan who met Bueno de Mesquita when Roundell hired him in 1995 to help the bank figure out how to push for new, favorable regulations in the U.S.
technocrats — not necessarily in that order.
We hope that in the course of setting his new strategy Mr. Salazar will halt plans for drilling in sensitive and previously untapped Alaskan waters, especially Bristol Bay.
“He won’t give it to anybody, he won’t let anybody see it,” Mr. Mo said.
On the last day of the 2009 United States Open , the feared Bethpage Black course, at least on some level, offered the kind of unpredictable play and routine difficulty that was expected.
“Expect returns from assets in a diversified portfolio of only 5 to 6 percent, not double digits.” Given that likelihood, and the significant risk of further disruptions, he suggested emphasizing “high-quality corporate bonds.” He said that while it’s probably wise for individual investors to hold some stocks, he would not recommend “jumping into a stock market that’s 35 percent higher than it was 3 months ago.” Byron Wien, chief investment strategist of Pequot Capital Management, has been predicting a market upturn for months.
“At Singh, a shovel could go into the ground tomorrow if we had the money,” Dr. Fluharty said.
Most recently, I was traveling back to California from Germany.
Le Chateau Route 35 near Route 123 South Salem (914) 533-6631 lechateauny.com GOOD THE SPACE Spacious, carefully maintained dining rooms with fireplaces and rich paneling in a Tudor-style hilltop mansion.
No matter what part of the neighborhood you’re in, there’s plenty of available property to go around, said Helen McGrail, a partner at Global Link Realty, an independent brokerage that works mostly in Staten Island.
So I asked him what else a tomato lover might do to compensate.
At least one company floods the system each night with hired callers, then resells the times as part of golf packages.
I noticed he was unshaven and his knees were under his chin because he couldn’t be bothered to move the stack of last week’s newspapers to the recycling bin.
Le Dû’s Wines, 600 Washington Street (Morton Street), charges $10.99.
The Cardinals lost the 1948 title game to the Eagles, 7-0, then did not play for the championship again until reaching this year’s Super Bowl .
Two areas that scream for his attention are education and health care.
The encouraging news is that we could raise more than enough to balance government budgets by replacing our existing tax system with one that taxes activities that cause harm to others.
and sends cramps to China.
In 5 of the past 10 seasons, the Red Sox as a team did not even match 70 stolen bases .
Scott’s tennis career includes an all-American career at Harvard, 3 years as a professional, 10 years in high-ranking positions at the men’s ATP and his current job with the WTA since 2003.
So when the Bible mentions that Abigail took raisin cakes to David’s troops, Dr. Hesse and Mr. Chiffolo developed a recipe for raisin cake, and then suggest in the book that it be served with whipped cream or vanilla butter cream frosting.
Six are for sale in two consecutive evenings at Sotheby’s and Christie’s this week (four at Sotheby’s and two at Christie’s), and six more will be up in day auctions.
Jeremy Foley, Florida’s athletic director, made it clear — to fans and to recruits — that order had been restored in Gator Nation.
Exams like the one the New Haven firefighters took are neither designed nor administered to identify the employees most qualified for promotion.
“We consult with Disney, but Disney doesn’t tell us what to do,” he said.
And U2 was upstaged by one of the most unusual spectacles in the history of the awards, as M.I.A., the outspoken Sri Lankan-British rapper, performed while nine months pregnant — indeed, she had been due to give birth on Sunday.
Officials at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said they believed the disease was not nearly as lethal or severe as they had initially thought it could be, and they recommended on Tuesday that schools with confirmed cases no longer shut their doors.
In May, Pakistan conducted a test firing of its Babur medium-range cruise missile, a weapon that military experts say could potentially be tipped with a nuclear warhead.
He recruited Alison Carey, one of the founders of Cornerstone, to run a program called “American Revolutions: The United States History Cycle,” which will commission up to 37 plays about moments of change in the nation’s history.
After making a five-for-one swap to get the quarterback he wanted in Mark Sanchez on the first day of the draft Saturday, General Manager Mike Tannenbaum made a three-for-one swap Sunday to get the running back he wanted in Greene, the Iowa all-American.
Ms. Hunter, a wildlife ecology professor at the university, went upstairs to grade papers.
The entry on Senator John W. Bricker, an ultra-conservative Republican, faced a column on Harry Bridges, the left-wing San Francisco union organizer.
She later became Special Events Director and Executive Assistant to Phillips Talbot of the Asia Society until his retirement.
Her mother reviews tax returns at the California State Board of Equalization in Sacramento.
It would include clear statements so the world understands that the U.S. is not in bed with the tired old Arab autocrats.
Ultimately, however, Mr. Hunt largely exonerates him.
By 1890, when he returned to land for good, he had commanded three whaling ships.
So it is not surprising that in Hanoi, Lee and his Vietnamese counterpart, President Nguyen Minh Triet, agreed to a “strategic cooperative partnership” between their countries.
President Obama ’s budget assumes no increase in 2010 or 2011, then a 1.4 percent COLA in 2012.
That ratio stood at 5.7 at the end of September, down from 5.8 at the end of June.
Service was otherwise professional, frank and generous — the staff is the size of a small army — and reservationists were saintly in their patience.
¶Matt Ryan threw three touchdown passes, and THE HOST FALCONS WERE NEVER CHALLENGED IN THEIR 31-3 WIN OVER THE BILLS.
Theodore Hesburgh, the former president of Notre Dame University, invited me to become a Notre Dame trustee 45 years ago.
If what you do, and think, and produce, and change all count — even if none of your activities take place in an office, where you enjoy a title and a salary.
Rents have continued to fall modestly and by some forecasts are likely to continue to do so this year.
Has the problem spread to airliner cockpits?
Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver, considered the most powerful man in Albany, has not blocked the proposal, while the newly Democratic-controlled State Senate is still not organized on this issue.
action, there are only two words you need to know: Favre cam .
At the St. James Theater, 246 West 44th Street, Manhattan; (212) 239-6200.
I wanted to be a broadcast journalist.
(His story is brilliantly and hilariously told in Gardam’s previous novel “Old Filth.” ) Betty, who misses her parents acutely, wants nothing more than to have children; Edward’s consuming preoccupation is a fear of abandonment.
Mr. Ensign could be legally at risk if he knew that Mr. Hampton was violating the one-year ban, or if he actually directed him to do so, as Mr. Hampton has said, ethics lawyers said.
Kevin Martin, who led the Kings with 30 points, provided the exclamation point with a 3-pointer that pushed the lead to 30 in the third quarter.
Earlier this week, the six grasscloth lapis placemats ($4.95 each) and matching cotton lapis napkins ($3.95) were taken.
“The outflow would mostly end up in the U.S. anyway,” even if China is no longer controlling the destination of the money, said Michael Pettis, a finance professor at Peking University, in an interview on Thursday.
But forcing conditions would have violated a basic principle of the approach: never start a project that is not backed by all members of the community, or it will fail.
7, Nicholas McGegan leads a Baroque evening and the Takacs Quartet commemorates the bicentennial of Haydn’s death.
As for the Asean states, they mostly welcome more outside players in the region, particularly at a time when some have been worrying that China is becoming too important for their long-term comfort.
Chris Treggiari and Billy Mitchell’s installation at 144 Taylor Street in the Tenderloin has a similarly powerful neighborhood connection and strong visual appeal.
ONE by one they approached the counter at Zaitzeff, a storefront in New York’s financial district, and repeated the words like a mantra.
PAGE 34 Arts & Leisure A Wounded Museum Feels Jolt of Progress A series of empty frames at the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum are a relentless reminder of the most storied, and still unsolved, art heist in the nation's history.
”Coach has a lot of confidence we can make a yard and a half to win the game,” Brady said.
Mexico is by no means the only country that forces citizens to jump through endless hoops to register a birth, open a business or apply for government aid.
“You wouldn’t probably weigh in if you don’t have any skin in the game because if you weigh in, it makes you more of a target,” Mr. Funtleyder said.
In Goma, Mrs. Clinton plans to meet with several women who have been raped, one of the more personal consequences of this unending war.
There must not be another CVC deal.
“If there’s clearance, it does no good for me to be hesitant in that when he has been cleared.
He is also under fire for the way he is carrying out his responsibilities as chairman of the Senate Republican campaign operation.
“Interpretations of these laws often make it harder for plaintiffs to prevail,” Mr.
The company reported that it had $5.2 billion in cash and investments on hand at the end of the second quarter.
And it introduced some of the needy to a new variation on the meaning of homelessness.
“I’ve learned a lot over the last year of working on this, and get to feel pretty cocky sometimes about what I now know about the city.
“When state budgets are flush,” said Barry Krisberg, president of the National Council on Crime and Delinquency, “prisons are something that governors and legislators all support, and they don’t want to touch sentencing reform.
Maybe in a more democratic fashion.
I don’t think anybody at our school is racist.” Trying to explain the continued existence of segregated proms, Edge falls back on the same reasoning offered by a number of white students and their parents.
Having reloaded his pistol, he went to a drugstore owned by Maurice Cohen, 40, whose family had argued with Mr. Unruh over his using the Cohens’s gate to take a shortcut from his home to the street.
In trying to make it onto the video blog, I have given up all haughty critical distance and tried to entertain Fallon and his entourage.
The peanut company at the center of a salmonella scandal filed for bankruptcy protection on Friday, saying the extensive recalls of its products left it no choice but to close.
‘‘They are new democracies; they are part of our economic region.’’ This deep sense of ownership of the Baltic success story is driving Sweden to spend ever-more money in the name of its own financial interests, as well as a broader desire in Europe to avoid a new East-West divide.
In a just and moral society, art is crucial to our understanding of freedom, difference and individual agency.
They wasted timeouts because they had too many men on the field, and confusion between the safeties on a 33-yard pass play helped set up Jacksonville’s winning field goal in a 24-22 loss.
The results, usually expressed in numbers that give a misleading impression of absolute precision, tend to lull doctors into a sort of laziness that has atrophied instinct.
The garage provides additional work space for Ms. Olsen and a studio for her 90-year-old father, Dane van Sand, a painter, who lives nearby.
Ms. Janson’s Viola, a wimpy, fretful figure when first seen in maiden’s garb, assumes new confidence and exuberance in trousers.
They were Australia, Brazil and Lithuania.
The team examined 18 samples of fetal lymph nodes and found evidence of maternal cells in 15 of them.
As a student in the 1960s he followed Modernists like Kenzo Tange as they rebuilt the country’s cultural confidence after the devastation of World War II.
PAGE 1 ARTS & LEISURE FIRST GET CLEAN, Then Come Back Far from concealing his battle with addiction, Eminem is making it the center of his comeback.
When a rich cattle farmer dies among the Tandroy of southern Madagascar, Dr. Bowles said, “The rich person’s stock is killed and eaten by everyone,” often down to the last head of cattle.
But whether you’re a snowbird or a spring chicken, the car will trim hours off your next Florida getaway.
During the presidential campaign last year, Mr. Obama railed against the detention complex on an American military base in Cuba, calling it a symbol used by terrorists to recruit new members.
1 North Carolina could go unbeaten.
Remaining true to an eight-year pattern of staying mostly within the gates of the White House whenever in the capital, Mr. Bush made no last rounds there this week; he spent his last night having a quiet family dinner at home with his daughters and parents.
“I wouldn’t say there’s less need” than in the boom years, James A.
The female illegal immigrant from Honduras, who has a 7-year-old son, said her parents live more than a four-hour drive from the nearest dialysis center, in Tegucigalpa.
But Mr. Polanski was always heading off to film festivals and award ceremonies when I worked with him.
Mr. Ackermann is a sensualist — or so you would conclude from knit dresses that spill off shoulders and over hips, smooth-fitting wool trousers evocative of a matador’s, and a haunting palette of browns and deep reds flecked with silver.
It’s a very effective opener, although I think it could work equally well at any point in a program.
Other scenes were of apartment blocks collapsed into piles of twisted steel and rubble.
Some people are urging the government to expand the price freezes nationwide.
We should not lose sight of our overall objective, which is to qualify for the World Cup.” Cannavaro must be aware that many of us think he is part of the problem.
Existing laws do not provide clear or uniform guidelines: Federal wiretap laws, outpaced by technological advances, do not explicitly cover the use of cellphone data to pinpoint a person’s location, and local court rulings vary widely across the country.
Delta completed its acquisition of Northwest on Oct. 29.
CBS’s hidden-camera special, “I Get That a Lot,” won its 8 p.m. slot Wednesday.
My guess is that he also did it to appease the National Collegiate Athletic Association; you could hear the whining that the N.B.A.’s version of cradle-robbing was denying the college game great players who could sell out arenas.
Windspire, in contrast, is a mini-windmill designed for city use.
From left, CHRISTY TURLINGTON, BONO and KATHY FRESTON.
The couple wanted to start a family; Ms. Sathers is now adopting a child from Haiti.
After all, as a mom myself, I still need her to baby-sit.
They can be sent to Sunday Styles, The New York Times, 620 Eighth Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10018 or by e-mail to sundaystyles@nytimes.com.
The student would come in and have to persuade the foreign leader to do something — to pull this or that lever.
But in the 1920s, a rump group of well-to-do Upper East Siders lit out for Lexington, and a modest crop of truly luxury buildings sprouted in the otherwise middling soil of this unassuming street.
But interest in the midsize business jets offered by other leading manufacturers like Cessna, Embraer, Dassault and Bombardier should swiftly follow.
In December, at the time of Mr. Blagojevich’s arrest at his home on the North Side of Chicago, Patrick J. Fitzgerald, the United States attorney for the Northern District of Illinois, said he had gone forward with a criminal complaint — not a formal indictment after a review of the case by a grand jury — because telephone calls intercepted by agents had forced the authorities to move quickly to stop what Mr. Fitzgerald described as a crime spree in progress.
A few hours after Mr. Parise explained his position, Mr. Freitas was arrested again at the Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Providence for failing to register as a sex offender.
As our Internet cafe ploy became routine over several months, I found myself in the strange position of being not just a chaperone but a secret advocate for romance.
The music was an exhilarating half-hour of five gritty, wailing or perky pieces, everything from Balkan brass music to an earthy work by the jazz giant Charles Mingus.
One reason that Indian government officials have refused to provide substantive evidence so far, the Pakistani official said, is because they “are scared their intelligence methods will be discovered” by their Pakistani rivals.
None of the three outposts were on the list of 22, but the measures against them prompted furious reactions from the hard right.
He is the Rangers’ most valuable penalty killer, a fourth-line center with a job as unglamorous as there is in the N.H.L.
Of course he’s acutely conscious of this.
“And we are talking to banks for the first time about whether we can help sell similarly priced homes that are headed for foreclosure.” To help drum up interest, some auctioneers use the term “absolute” auction, meaning there is no minimum price and the seller agrees to accept the highest bid, no matter how low.
Even if Fiat can retool Chrysler’s factories to produce appealing, smaller cars based on Fiat technology, it will be three years before they arrive on the market, warns Philippe Houchois, an analyst at UBS.
“I’d also fallen for the guy.
The interpreter was let go two days later.
Most of the music on the album was written with moving pictures in mind: Mr. Carney, having recently finished a film festival commission, was inspired to keep exploring.
He said he started cooking a lot when he got his own place a few years ago, and had entered a number of recipe contests.
And my fund is biased toward big themes.” Among his themes is the aging of Japan — about one in five Japanese are 65 or older, according to the country’s national statistics bureau.
Crawford’s solos are artfully shaped, but they convey a naked emotionality.” Bennie Ross Crawford Jr. was born in Memphis on Dec. 21, 1934, into a large family and “a jazz and gospel household,” as Delores Crawford described it in a phone interview Monday.
Rabbi Jay H. Moses officiated at the Harvard Club.
That is totally wrong.” David Axelrod, a senior adviser to Mr. Obama, said that while he thought it was important to make a strong effort to get bipartisan support, that would not trump passing legislation Mr. Obama wanted.
A Hezbollah spokesman denied that anyone had been killed and said the reason for the explosion was under investigation.
Stephen Prenner Jericho, N.Y. What Is an American?
The hearing will no doubt be a spectacle.
Wynn felt that they needed to medicate the patients, she said when she described her experiences publicly for the first time in interviews with me over the past year.
“But in this case, with Bloomberg, because he’s so well known, it’s more like, he can do it, so why not?” With more than 100 employees, his campaign now has a staff larger than 97 percent of all businesses in New York City .
Although Mr. Chopin sold his deli after his victory (“I was worried that the quality control alone would make me fat”), he has gained back more than 100 pounds.
The inspector general of the Department of Health and Human Services reviewed all 118 applications for marketing drugs and medical devices that were approved by the F.D.A.
2 spot with his win at the Tour Championship, re-established himself as clearly the second-best player in the world and the only player besides Woods capable of moving the needle.
Called before a House committee on Thursday to explain themselves, the manufacturers said they had done their best.
“It’s one of the most beautiful areas to surf,” Ms. D’Avanzo said.
Kandji left the game with a sprained right ankle.
If such countries also adopt our preferences for domestic producers, then America will be at a competitive disadvantage in bidding for those contracts.
And Logano has won, no matter what series or racecar he was driving.
Her father was a general manager of Guardian Life Insurance in New York.
The tribe filed a petition for federal recognition in 1978.
A scene in which the heroine is threatened with rape by a devious businessman is intercut with graphics from a German newsreel, illustrating the advance of German troops across the Balkans.
Another electronic system purports to alert a sleepy driver by comparing steering wheel movements against lane markers on the road.
''This is an incredible day for me and my family,'' Giambi said that day, his eyes moist, his wallet about $120 million fatter.
In my testing of five performance sedans, the Cadillac CTS-V proved the thirstiest at 11 m.p.g., with the Mercedes just behind at 12 m.p.g.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY BARTON SILVERMAN/ THE NEW YORK TIMES); Yankees Manager Joe Girardi, ejected June 24 in Atlanta.
He said the International Criminal Court’s indictment of Sudan’s president, Omar Hassan al-Bashir, on war crimes charges was lamentable because it would undermine Darfur peace talks.
But federal school lunch officials found E. coli in Beef Products material in 2006 and 2008 and again in August, and stopped it from going to schools, according to Agriculture Department records and interviews.
PHOTOS (PHOTOGRAPHS BY RUVEN AFANADOR)
Orszag, on his barnstorming tour to talk about the health care system, argued that his fellow economists were making a mistake by paying so little attention to norms.
How could he have predicted, on top of the pent-up expectations weighing upon him, that he would also have to deal with some of the dankest, dampest weather ever experienced during a modern major singles final?
Crammed together in the humid locker room for unpredictable stretches, players have different ways of handling the emotional and physical uncertainty, Cash said.
make sure they go to good schools .
Many professionals from the south of India used to migrate there for government jobs, including my father, who worked in the government’s audits and accounts service.
The hearing of the Congressional Oversight Panel came amid the release this week of three reports on the Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP.
STILL in holiday peace-and-goodwill mode?
In the spring Job Search Central opened at the Science, Industry and Business Library at Madison Avenue and 34th Street; a specialist in job searches is stationed at every branch to help visitors write résumés and look for jobs.
“What people should do is ultimately their own decision,” she said.
“In five or six or seven years,” said Christoph Westphal, Sirtris’s other co-founder, “there will be drugs that prolong longevity.” But neither Dr. Sinclair nor Dr. Westphal was the most optimistic person at the conference.
“In a sense, it is like the old patronage system, where artists were supported by the aristocracy,” he said, “because the Four Seasons does draw the aristocracy of modern-day New York.”
Most, if not all, of these 19 institutions would be in great trouble if the current recession were to become a second great depression.
Film BETHEL AND DANBURY The Connecticut Film Festival The Connecticut Film Festival, independent film and music events.
''I would write ads for deodorants or labels for catsup bottles, if I had to,'' he told The Paris Review in 1967.
Mr. Emanuel said that Mr. Obama was being lighthearted and that lawmakers of both parties had laughed.
The event was occasioned by the publication of “Vandal Squad: Inside the New York City Transit Police Department, 1984-2004,” by Joseph Rivera, a veteran anti-graffiti officer who retired from the force in 2004 and has written perhaps the only book to look at the graffiti movement from the law enforcement perspective.
Someday, such personal genetic blueprints could be used to predict people’s risk of disease and what drugs might work best for them.
If you want to read a lengthy essay, complete with journal citations, about the company’s philosophy of eating, it’s on the company blog.
Hayden Road, about three blocks west, has a grocery store, a pharmacy and restaurants.
Frank Bruni, the New York Times restaurant critic, recently rated Motorino No.
President-elect Barack Obama is nearing an appointment of his “car czar” and appears to be focused on Steven Rattner , the financier with close connections to the Democratic Party, according to people briefed on the conversations.
That drew the attention of Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa, who had already been investigating Medtronic in connection with its marketing of Infuse.
That came after a report by ESPN’s “Outside the Lines” that two women, including Cable’s first wife, had accused him of physical abuse.
The jobs range from basic deckhand duties to skilled work, like engineers and cooks, and span the globe, from the Caribbean and the Mediterranean to Southeast Asia and the South Pacific.
Americans now know that we did bad things in the name of good causes.
Often the choice between versions of such a trait is governed by a single gene, or a few adjacent genes that are inherited together.
Dr. Angus died in Weston, FL on December 14, 2009.
For better or worse, I live in Tucson and Key West.
He came up with a shiny new logo for his company, a Golden Eagle, which he described as a knight’s shield and required all employees to wear.
In the space of four nights this week, Larry Hughes exhilarated the Knicks and nearly exhausted the thesaurus.
“In some ways the series is just a great piece of six-hour tap dancing,” Mr. Macdonald said.
That can be a baseball wasteland.
You wonder if Bakersfield could become a bedroom community of Los Angeles.
The first wave would start in half an hour.
After the talk, the man, who does not wish his identity to be known, according to the society, came up and asked for the society’s bank routing number.
has had only one labor stoppage, in 1998, when owners imposed a lockout that nearly wiped out the season.
RECONCILIATION AT THE CITADEL, THROUGH BASKETBALL The Citadel's revival has been led by Coach Ed Conroy, the first cousin of the novelist Pat Conroy, whose work made him so unpopular at the college that for 30 years he was all but barred from the campus.
With his winning birdie on No.
“You two obviously love each other very much,” I said.
College-educated black men, especially, have struggled relative to their white counterparts in this downturn, according to figures from the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
But if you don’t do it now, the market will know you’re going to have to do it later.” Some economists leave the impression that the banking sector is a rotting corpse, hopelessly polluted by valueless toxic assets.
A stronger currency would make such sales even more difficult to make.
But in your case, harm has occurred, and your neighbor has asked you to do no more than what you have formally agreed to.
Much loved and loving daughter of Barbara Kaplan Halper, dearest sister and friend of Shauna and brother-in-law Joseph Prudenti, aunt of Matthew, (two and a half) and Tyler (3 weeks), cherished niece of Kenneth Kaplan, loved and loving daughter-in-law of Richard and Maryann, sisterin-law of Kenneth and aunt of Matthew Dickson (14).
Mr. Nashiri’s case will be the marquee test of a new tribunal system designed to handle terrorism suspects.
They prepare well for meetings and negotiations; they’ve done their reflective thinking in advance.
I was back at work in a few weeks and have had no heart problems since.
Ossie Davis Theater, 1 Library Plaza.
We are, though, in a world that contains a small number of unstable regimes, and the United States would, of course, be wise to keep its powder dry and monitoring and response capacities high.
It would very likely be expensive.
In extreme cases, Mr. Colle said, “the lump sum comes to less than 1 percent of your income.” BUYING BASICS “It is a nightmare for foreigners to buy property in Switzerland,” Mr. Colle said.
PAGE D1 Lab Rats of Public Policy D1 Baseball Embraces Science D1 WHEN ISAAC WILL MEET HAL 9000 Scientists are experimenting with computer programs and robots that sift raw data to uncover fundamental laws of nature.
Marine biologists say lost and abandoned lobster, crab and other fish traps plague coastal waters around the globe, putting pressure on a number of already-troubled fish populations.
Behind the pool stood Caprareccia, its windowed shutters closed to keep its rooms cool in the warm midday sunshine.
But the country mourned them on Saturday, along with Carlos, Sofía and Dafne — 38 children in all — who died of smoke inhalation and asphyxiation when a fire swept through their day care center in Hermosillo several hours before it was time for them to be picked up.
“He gave me some perspective.” Ms. Burch is not as quick as others to dismiss the profession of fashion director today.
In response, Eric Shinseki, the secretary of veterans affairs, ordered offices to open on a Saturday to make emergency payments to students.
The aim is to provide traditional Jewish burials to people who cannot afford them, said Amy Koplow, the society’s executive director.
Unemployment is in double-digits; we desperately need more government spending on job creation.
In 1999, when Republicans controlled the legislature and Bill Clinton was president, the Democrats demanded an end to talkathons: “An up-or-down vote, that’s all we ask,” declared the Senate Democratic leader at the time, Tom Daschle of South Dakota.
Whether or not people are bothered by these possibilities may in part be a function of their age, as a new generation grows up with an implicit understanding of the rules around these networked devices and learns to live with them.
Before her diagnosis in 2001, Ms. Kehoe told the judge, she had self-medicated, and that was the reason for her arrest on charges of cocaine use and driving under the influence.
Beloved husband of Ellie, cherished brother of Rae (Paul) and Lillian.
Stefan Pryor, deputy mayor for economic development, said one method might be to create an easier way for businesses to win exemptions from the law.
For about a year, I was nutty about this.
“Everyone here wants what’s best for Atlantic City,” Mr. Small said.
“It’s a nonstarter.” In the Senate, negotiations in the Finance Committee were also moving forward — to such a degree that Senate Republican leaders became worried that a deal might be near.
But on Wednesday morning, federal agents arrested the two money managers on accusations filed by the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York in what has become all too familiar on Wall Street: Their investment fund was in fact a $667 million fraud — a small-scale version of the $50 billion fraud that Bernard L. Madoff is suspected of orchestrating.
“He was always trying to get Maney to go out to Hollywood.” Ms. Herz, who worked with Mr. Ullman in a partnership they called His and Herz, recalled apprenticing with another industry legend, Samuel J. Friedman, for whom the Manhattan Theater Club’s Biltmore Theater was renamed last year.
“Lenders should not lose sight,” Justice Schack wrote in that 2007 case, “that they are dealing with humanity, not with Mr. Potter’s ‘rabble’ and ‘cattle.’ Multibillion-dollar corporations must follow the same rules in the foreclosure actions as the local banks, savings and loan associations or credit unions, or else they have become the Mr. Potters of the 21st century.” Last year, he chastised Wells Fargo for filing error-filled papers.
The chemical, melamine , can cause kidney stones and other ailments, and the tainted formula sickened nearly 300,000 children and killed 6.
One woman in a brownstone in Carroll Gardens recalled the time she nervously climbed an old metal pole in the backyard to fix her jammed line, three stories up.
“Chinese Chopsticks.” Design a pair of chopsticks using specially printed paper, then learn how to use them by picking up pretend food.
The June offensive may have been partly inspired by the success of the Sri Lankan government in using force to rout Tamil Tiger rebels in May, crippling or perhaps ending that long-running insurgency.
His children and grandchildren were his greatest pride.
But does the truth match the early expectations for Reloxin?
“It’s sort of déjà vu all over again for me,” he said.
I grew up around Northern Irish accents, Scottish accents from my grandmother’s friends and New York accents.
Warmer temperatures will trigger growth, and these tubers need their beauty sleep.
Now, with her permission, an updated version has been created, combining Ms. Satrapi’s illustrations with new text about Iran’s recent presidential election, Agence France-Presse reported.
“There was an institutional tone, so the new building would be shown, or the new machinery,” Mr. Verdi said.
His father is also an independent truck driver, also in Chicago.
In the majority of the reported cases, the attacker was male.
Do you expect your Guggenheim exhibition to attract controversy?
He was miserable, sick of waking up bloated and hung over.
Spanish players, or foreign players who have resided here for more than five years, already pay the 43 percent tax, including the Argentine Lionel Messi, arguably the world’s best soccer player who earns around €10 million.
“I’d been longing my whole life for some pleasing, classical proportions,” she said — not easy to come by in southern Idaho’s ski country, where McMansions, many in a fake-log-cabin style, had proliferated.
Christmas is one of the bulwarks of Life As We Know It, and in these parlous times we cling to its classic truth, which is: Rejoice, be not afraid, and show mercy to the poor and outcast, for it was through such people that Jesus came into the world.
The mission ended in 2005, but since then the Stanford team has been mapping niobium anomalies on each gyro, finding the patterns of distortion and subtracting the noise from the data.
Somebody will need to say “no” to retirees.
At one point, I asked Gingrich, now a healthful-looking 65, about his sudden exit from Congress in 1998.
Taylor Swift’s “Fearless” (Big Machine) remains No.
That group of four has combined to win five of the last eight major championships.
His mother is the vice president for university enrollment and administration at the Stevens Institute.
In recent years, a half-dozen breweries and specialty pubs have opened in Philadelphia, ranging from boutique breweries that make micro batches to green-powered plants looking to become the city’s next biggest thing.
“There were a lot of talented kids,” Ms. Darrington said.
Mr. Obama selected Judge Sotomayor to succeed Justice David H. Souter, who retired.
She and others running rescue organizations say that the economy has left fewer people willing, or able, to help.
ought to revisit the lessons of the Internet’s recent history.
B. Pritzker of Chicago, the philanthropist scion of the Hyatt hotel chain and other investments, who said he had become enchanted by the survivors, adopting their dream as his own.
Ferrero, who won matches for Spain on the way to this final, was not selected this time, but he has been in Barcelona as a practice partner.
Colangelo saw currency in the brand of Coach K, the Coca-Cola of the college game.
Taken together, his style hints at an insecurity not visible to the reportorial eye.
The Obama administration wisely wants to end this disjunction by proposing that Congress extend federal standards to subway and light-rail lines now haphazardly regulated in more than two dozen city and regional systems.
“Con-fusion cuisine,” Mr. Low joked.
Though the Bowers were offered a full refund, they had to pay the penalties for changing airfare and canceling hotel rooms at the last minute.
Mr. Jarosch declined to release the suspect’s name.
The handball, he added, “has cost a lot of us our dreams.” On Thursday, the Football Association of Ireland demanded a rematch.
But until this year the Republicans could never get the bill out of the Senate, because of a rule requiring a two-thirds majority to bring legislation to the floor.
“It’s like being in Coney Island,” she said.
In an Op-Ed article, Linda Gray Sexton, the daughter of the poet Anne Sexton, reflects on the nature of being a child of suicide.
Watson’s play already had convinced his playing partner Sergio García that the old man might really have a chance.
In November, Shaquille O'Neal started The--Real--Shaq, in response to a fake Shaq, who was doing a brilliant O'Neal impersonation.
Parties wanting to force reporters to testify about sources would have to show that the information is essential to their cases.
“They were not all high profile, highly recruited players,” Anderson said.
Soon afterwards, plumes of white smoke could be seen rising near Bigelow Boulevard and officers beating cadence on plastic shields with long batons marched down Forbes Avenue, driving back students, onlookers and journalists.
(Europeans have long accepted higher taxes in exchange for higher levels of social services and government-sponsored health benefits.)
They’re ordinary in shape and size, but there’s one odd thing about them — they seem to have been made from the same sort of metal as historic monuments.
In the depositions, one of the few moments of ease for Bishop Egan occurred early in the first session, on Oct. 7, 1997, in a Bridgeport law office.
Lower heat and simmer 30 minutes, covered.
Other judges say they sense a shift as well.
Indeed, anybody who was anyone — Charlie Chaplin, Greta Garbo — coveted invitations to the socialite’s three-day, on-the-beach, stop-the-band-at-4-a.m. soirees.
I have struggled with my career change, but not one day, ever, have I struggled as hard as my patient did on that day just to breathe.
If you are ever in Los Angeles and find yourself talking to Suzanne Goin, the elegant and daring chef who owns Lucques on Melrose Avenue, you might bring up the braised short ribs that have graced her menu for almost a decade.
“I don’t deal with that pain, but I do feel for the team, and my prayers go out to them and to the whole UConn community,” Beatty said.
In seven of those years, it was in the top quartile.
(McCarthy, noting Rodgers still hasn’t received a game ball this year, said, “I’ve got to take a closer look at how we’re judging him.”) Rodgers declined to speculate how Favre might be received.
“No one would deny a taxpayer privacy, but they want to keep people from using the secrecy laws to evade taxes.” The economic crisis has added to the pressure to clamp down on tax havens.
He also helped found the Heritage Rose Foundation, which is devoted to bringing these old beauties back.
My experience shows me that I know how to win, that I’ll end up in the end zone.” Mr. Downey said he and his fellow cast members, along with the director and producers, have been poring over the script to stamp out any hint of “elementary, my dear Watson”-type clichés.
“New residents continue to get sick all the time.
“Oh my God!” she wailed.
The rope pulls the wheel, it revolves, and the bell — which starts with its bottom pointed upward — turns 360 degrees.
Curiously, the year Julia Child went on the air — 1963 — was the same year Betty Friedan published “The Feminine Mystique,” the book that taught millions of American women to regard housework, cooking included, as drudgery, indeed as a form of oppression.
Running time: 1 hour 20 minutes.
Japan authorized its military on Friday to destroy any debris from a North Korean rocket that might fall on its territory.
When the decision came whether to leave U.S.C.
Last month, Times reporters spoke with the 11 Latino men who gave detailed accounts of attacks they said they experienced or witnessed.
There might even be a surprise, adds Robert Barbera, chief economist for the Investment Technology Group.
It substitutes profit-sharing for interest, though profit shares can be pre-set to mirror interest on conventional loans.
They were both released unharmed.
Mr. Nikbakht said that Ms. Saberi had told the judges she was so terrified after her arrest that she made up a story, hoping it would help her get out of jail.
(The man was charged with attempted murder, and the victim survived.)
And why would a nation raised on “You can go your own way” and “Be all that you can be” even want to go Dutch?
But more often than not, these changes reflect direct Chinese interests rather than a desire to please the West.
The materials used in construction were recycled wherever possible, and the roof is painted white to keep it cool.
I was trying to be a good sport about it.” But she wasn’t spending much time in the apartment anyway.
I’ve given him a great product.” (Their relationship drew attention last year when Mr. Hunter was accused of sexual harassment in a lawsuit by a female employee on the radio show; it was settled out of court.
Although Wikipedia has prevented anonymous users from creating new articles for several years now, the new flagging system crosses a psychological Rubicon.
Congregation Emanu-El of the City of New York
Old-timers sometimes grump about the new breed, but Roberts said he loves to watch Jimmy Rollins run out a triple the way speedsters like Bobby Thomson and Stan Musial did back in his day.
“It’s a laborious task to sell unrenovated apartments,” said Jill Jordan, a broker with Halstead Property.
All along, Ms. Karlin had been talking with Madeline Blue Schussel, 23, a Tufts friend whose male roommate had his girlfriend moving in.
In the end, that attention to detail, and to customers, may turn out to be what pulls consumer product companies like Shiseido through the downturn.
“Mike’s stuff does connect, but I believe Hollywood can’t comprehend it,” said John Altschuler, a producer of “Extract” and a writer and producer on “The Goode Family” and “King of the Hill.” Mr. Bateman chalks it up to a difference in tone.
“Standing out there, big and in stripes has been the only time I’ve ever felt out of place.” In 2006, Thomas decided to leave the football field.
And business travelers are generally able to get rooms at hotels they want at a decent price point.” Bjorn Hanson, an associate professor at the Tisch Center for Hospitality, Tourism and Sports Management at New York University, agreed.
The United States military announced that Iraqi security forces, along with American military advisers, arrested eight suspects on Monday in an investigation of a suicide bomb-making cell in western Baghdad.
And if I can do it, anybody can do it.” But her plans to move into the broader public arena are being delayed.
“We very much endorse the central authorities’ investment of 4 trillion renminbi” — $584 billion — “to drive the economy,” they explained in the letter, dated Jan. 20, a copy of which was obtained by The New York Times.
This time, the prototype of the jet-setting “Davos Man” may well be Gordon Brown, the dour British prime minister who spent last week staving off another round of bank failures in London.
The son of a Brahmin priest and astrologer, Mr. Jois was inculcated in ancient Hindu teachings from an early age.
The industry’s flexible position on the issue came as a surprise to lawmakers, and could make it easier to reach an agreement in Congress because it narrows the issues on which insurers are ready to fight the Democrats who control Congress and the White House.
Similarly, Myungwon Kim seems to be developing a starkly original voice in lithography, an age-old technique that is all but moribund.
And oncologists, who are focused on beginning effective treatment as soon as possible, fail to consider the effects on their patients’ future fertility.
Most are part of the 500 series, found in most N.H.L.
and ends up writing about sharks and celebrity look-alikes.
Prudential Center, 165 Mulberry Street.
Eventually Mr. Ivanchenko appeared and slowly, showily walked, in silence, to center stage to start his grande pirouette and to cue the music to start again.
Israel eventually repelled the Arab forces.
“I have to prove to the fans: if I get down when I drop this pop-up, maybe my career is over.
During all those years of packing up and moving, we were headed to a bigger house, at a better address, perhaps for a higher-paying job.
Since the middle of the 18th century, after Bonnie Prince Charlie made a vain attempt to reclaim the kingdom for the Scottish Stuart dynasty, an uneasy peace has prevailed, based, in part, on the understanding that Scottish pride and Scottish feathers will not be unduly ruffled.
The report describes how the Kurdish government has sought to repress minorities, subsume the identity of Shabaks and Yazidis into that of Kurds and sow rifts within the groups with bribes and patronage while suppressing dissent through violence, torture, arrests and killings.
“If Afghanistan were taken over by the Taliban, I can’t tell you how fast Al Qaeda would be back in Afghanistan.” At the time he announced his new approach, Mr. Obama described it as “a stronger, smarter and comprehensive strategy,” and said “to the terrorists who oppose us, my message is the same: We will defeat you.” The administration then fired the commander in Afghanistan, Gen. David D. McKiernan , and replaced him with General McChrystal, empowering him to carry out the new strategy.
In the previous 14, the road team has won only twice.
Mr. Bernanke also said the Fed would gladly support another part of the regulatory overhaul that would reduce its power to bail out financial institutions in the event of “unusual and exigent circumstances.” If Congress gave the government new power to shut down troubled financial giants, Mr. Bernanke said, he would be happy to give up the power to bail them out.
It’s still more than a lot of people make.
“We’re up 5 to 7 percent year over year.
“This is very much an old way of thinking, when you believe that if you have better weapons you are more secure.” Officials claim that weapons like the Bulava are aimed against modern threats like the missile defense shield the United States might deploy in Eastern Europe.
“Why are you making a turn there?
“As some of you know, we started a White House vegetable garden,” he noted.
That means that by next year, the allies will be in charge only in the relatively combat-free northern and western regions.
In interviews, five women who work in the White House or advised officials there described the culture with more of a collective eye-roll than any real sense of grievance or discomfort.
“The Scarecrow” begins its crime plot routinely, with more emphasis on the press than on the investigation.
“The higher the discretionary income, the more likely they are to go for fragile goods,” said Mark Nelson, who designs and sells carpets through interior designers.
Build up your training slowly because as a recreational runner you don't have enough time to do what full-time runners do -- for example, heavy loads of training, taking naps after training, training camps, etc.
Still, greatness commands our attention.
“I’m not sure customers are going to ever go back to shopping the way they once did,” said Betsy McLaughlin, the chief executive of Hot Topic, a competitor for the teen market, which posted a gain of 7.1 percent in March, largely on the strength of licensed products tied to the “Twilight” vampire series.
After all, plain vanilla insurers haven’t been at the center of the financial storm.
Add a clip of Hendrix shredding the national anthem and some of that awesome Led Zeppelin cover art, and you’re good to go.
In one case last month, the reports say, 410 Rohingya migrants were taken out to sea on a Thai Navy vessel and forced onto an open barge with just four barrels of water and two sacks of rice.
“We have made enormous progress within a very short time,” he said.
Export growth has been slow for most major European economies.
The CO2 emissions from the fossil fuel projects that the World Bank Group financed in the fiscal year of 2008 are approximately equivalent to those from Greece’s energy sector.
Mr. Priestland’s book is deadly serious in its depiction of the violence, repression and economic disaster that communist regimes left in their wakes.
Someone sees a thief dipping into a Salvation Army kettle in a crowd of shoppers on State Street and dials 911 from a cellphone.
Board members serve without term limits, as they have for most of the organization’s history, and the budget has been in deficit since 2004.
(In all cases both networks were again far behind Fox News.)
You just trust in it, and when we get there, we’ll be ready.” Already, Darwitz said that Johnson had made one significant adjustment to his team’s preparation for Canada.
This was her first time in Yankee Stadium, new or old, and she said Yankee fans seemed pretty nice to her.
All in all, I can see why the markets are nervous and dropping.
It was the second costly error in the series for Wright, who continues to struggle at key moments at the plate and, at times, is hearing boos.
You are to build me a university and build it on my authority and the Holy Spirit.’ ” At the end of the service, Mr. Roberts recalled, Mr. Moncey stepped in front of him, put his hand on the boy’s head and commanded the disease to “come out of this boy.” Mr. Roberts recovered fully and began a new life of prayer and preaching.
Rankings reflect sales, for the week ending Saturday, September 19th 2009, at many thousands of venues where a wide range of general interest books are sold nationwide.
“Innkeepers are dispelling the myths that B & Bs are all doilies and Teddy bears and lace,” said Mary White, chief executive of BnBFinder.com , whether it be by marketing to business travelers with amenities like free Wi-Fi, to gay travelers with online photos of same-sex couples at the inn, to luxury travelers with high-thread count sheets or to macho guys with testosterone-packed activities.
But the United States military may well be steps ahead of Congress, where opening ground combat jobs to women has met deep resistance in the past.
HAUPTFUHRER--Barbara Barnes, 80, died peacefully on Tuesday, April 7, in Charlotte, North Carolina of a rare lung disease.
He responded by making accusations against the team.
This is a drug history far longer than what Rodriguez has admitted to.
“They create massive confusion.” To which his own films (and films like “Ballast,” “Wendy and Lucy,” “Sugar” and “Treeless Mountain”) might serve, in their very different ways, as an antidote.
The clarity of the sound encouraged Mr. Robertson to ask for ever more texture and detail in the playing.
The criminal complaint released at the arraignment said that officers who responded to the crash reported that Officer Kelly had slurred speech, and that there was an odor of alcohol.
That, however, is not what judicial confirmation hearings are now about.
Using a federal grant, the New Haven Police Department has installed a ShotSpotter system in a one-square-mile area in the neighborhoods of Dixwell and Newhallville.
Though he is one of the larger independent ranchers, the business is precarious, Mr. Platt said, sustained by land trades and sales.
Mark Becker, 24, a former player, was charged with first-degree murder in the slaying.
Agent: Teresa Benz, Jack Frost Big Boulder Real Estate, (570) 722-0111; www.jfbbhomes.com.
If such a merger occurred, Johnson & Johnson would gain control not only of the Remicade business but also of Schering’s promising drug pipeline, major consumer brands like Coppertone and its profitable animal health business — all of which analysts say would shore up some weak spots in Johnson & Johnson’s portfolio.
On Wednesday the festival’s organizers announced the lineup for this year’s event, which will run from Nov. 4 through 8, and it’s a formidable crop: Andy Samberg , top left, the “Saturday Night Live” star; the sometime film actor Dane Cook , bottom right; the “Howard Stern Show” regular (and “Joe Buck Live” hijacker) Artie Lange ; as well as Patton Oswalt , Mike Birbiglia , top right, Bill Burr and Mike Epps , bottom left.
And then there’s the string of weird political sex scandals.
The original resolution was backed by some of the party's more conservative members but was opposed by the chairman, Michael Steele, and other leaders.
“What was really remarkable was that their music was getting played just as much at Paradise Garage as it was getting played at the Mudd Club, and there were very, very few records that had that ability to cross over between all the different scenes,” said Mr. Kevorkian, who would later work with the band on its “Electric Cafe” album.
Burdened by falling gasoline consumption and excess production capacity, ethanol producers appealed to the government on Friday to raise the 10 percent limit on ethanol in most gasoline blends to as high as 15 percent.
I was alone in France.” Most of the Bedford boys were dead or dying by then.
Like the rest of Nadal’s support team, Costa was philosophical and undefensive about the loss to Soderling; the champion played a lousy match, they said, and it happened to be against a very good player playing the match of his life.
Even Bernard L. Madoff cannot escape the real estate slump.
To emulate this model, New York will need to invest a great deal more than it spends at the moment.
The house has a heated, covered lakeside deck with an outdoor fireplace, and a waterfall and stream leading to an 18,000-gallon koi pond.
She said that a range of criteria factor into the network’s decision to renew a show, from ratings to cost-benefit analysis to online video hits to intangible cultural buzz.
More recently, the Bush administration’s strategy for engagement with Libya ultimately led to the re-establishment of diplomatic relations and the elimination of that country’s programs to develop weapons of mass destruction.
After the emotion of Selection Sunday, 65 teams have the chance, in theory, to reach the Final Four.
Its only fault was in the steamier, Beethovenian middle section, in which Mr. Goldstein seemed to be striving for fully warranted grandeur, yet seemed oddly restrained, as if he were afraid that going full-throttle might be too unruly.
Blue Cross and Blue Shield companies could offer a single national plan.
But, he said, the country has “made significant efforts to increase the security of its people,” justifying the certification to Congress that Colombia is meeting legal criteria on human rights and paramilitary groups and that the money can be released.
But things could get even better for pensioners.
The European Central Bank has warned that E.U.
They are playing in Russia, Pargo with Dynamo Moscow and Delfino with Khimki BC.
If you connected the dots between Trevor Ariza’s high school, his college campus and his locker stall at Staples Center, the result would be a massive triangle covering much of the west side of Los Angeles.
Mr. Coleman saw that companies were translating the same articles over and over — a pointless duplication of effort.
Inaction was not one of them.” DARYL GELLER New York “The Civil Heretic” was a perfect example of what Freeman Dyson disagrees with: blatant and unfounded exaggeration.
“He had probably started to time me a little bit.
Now we’re seeing similar rewards offered to people who can play their risky games with federal backing.
He claims his postings and other inflammatory statements were part of an undercover operation to ferret out violent left-wing radicals.
The debate over whether greatness is defined by an excellent shorter period (Sandy Koufax) or a less-excellent longer period (Warren Spahn) is endless.
Although viewership was down from Game 1 on Wednesday, which attracted 19.5 million according to final figures, Fox’s audience on Thursday was up nearly 50 percent compared with last year’s Game 2 (12.8 million).
Their emissions — as well as the smoke and fine particulates coming from the smokestacks of idling ships — means that soot settles thickly on residents’ cars and windowsills.
But the Canadian industry is dominated by big cooperatives, the most powerful of which is Citadelle, with popular brands like Shady Maple Farms, Camp, Maple Gold and Cleary’s, sold in maple-leaf-shaped bottles.
Marcel Fenez, head of the media practice at PriceWaterhouseCoopers, said that during the current economic downturn, a lot of paid advertising would be lost for good, separating this downturn from previous ones, when ad spending recovered relatively quickly.
When I’m hiring, particularly at the senior levels, I’m looking for a couple of things.
“We had previous versions with more polar bears and more ice floes,” said Emiliano Godoy, one of the designers, but they eventually whittled it down to one bear and one ice floe, because they felt it communicated their message more effectively.
Because poetic justice insists that a spiritual elevation compensate for a lesser intelligence?
Like a sand eel in the school, he sees with 10,000 pairs of eyes.
''Only about 100 cases of this particular kind of premature senility, which strikes between 40 and 60 years of age, have been reported,'' it said.
Her last big project, Hartmoor, which was defined in publicity materials as a New York-based “lifestyle and media company” devoted to “promoting wellness and supporting motherhood,” closed shop after a few years and little output.
''Effects range from slightly elevated blood pressure, and slightly elevated alertness and heartbeat, all the way to death,'' Ms. Sumner said.
“I have more questions than answers, and the answers are not convincing,” said Klaus Franz, the top union official at Opel and vice chairman of the company’s supervisory board.
Neither team scored a touchdown.
While he declined to be more specific, he allowed that the business has become more profitable as he has gained construction experience.
What matters most is innovation.
You’ll have new best golf friends looking for your wayward shots for the next two hours.
Delphi, the auto parts supplier that has been in bankruptcy for nearly four years, looks set to emerge after a third try at an exit plan.
“There’s the Rose Garden strategy, and then there’s something more,” Mr. de Blasio said.
Department stores reduce prices when business is typically slow, like right after Christmas.
''We are ready to build America's next tanker with whatever capability our customer requires.''
Even if his art wasn’t directly shaped by any of these factors, it was a timely package.
To publish a whole book of them, which was her editor’s idea, she had to finish by August, so copies could be ready by Darwin’s bicentennial this past February.
“The National Physical Laboratory helped Luminanz move from prototype to concept by proving that its new lighting technology is up to 70 percent more efficient than traditional light bulbs.
For in our hands lies the ability to shape our world for good or for ill.
At the time of the signing, Russia pledged to abide by the treaty's terms provisionally, even without parliamentary ratification.
His death last month, of natural causes, unleashed a storm of emotion.
“Small is the new big,” a wall text at Scope proclaimed.
They uncovered his head within another six.
Moskowitz’s butcher shop (“Since 1933”) is filled with customers, as is Kosher King across the street.
The cause was pancreatic cancer, said his daughter, Nicole Bernard Dawes.
He escaped into sports and books.
The passenger pitched a fit.
Jokes about snipped foreskins and the Holy Land’s borders ensue, as does a trip to Sodom, leading to an assortment of predictable, if unprintable, puns and yuks.
Mr. Ginn confirmed Mr. Adler’s account.
A Deal Gone Bad, for Some The woeful performance of some C.D.O.’s issued by Goldman made them ideal for betting against.
Riding against each other with various partners, they won 12 of the next 15 championships combined.
That’s out of place in a democracy, right?
The condition of the officer who shot the gunman was not given.
Within hours, the judge scheduled a hearing for Thursday morning in Federal District Court in Washington, setting up what could be a pivotal battle over the reach of the Supreme Court’s ruling last year that granted Guantánamo detainees the right to contest their imprisonments in habeas corpus suits.
“It’s an extremely important step forward for our company and our operations in Europe,” said Carl-Peter Forster, the president of G.M.
Dykstra, though, is still out there swinging to refute the GQ magazine article that labeled him an ornery, racist lunatic.
You can’t raise your kid in a bubble.
“The Palm Pre they just released is costing them a pretty penny.
Many novelists were struggling to make sense of this barometric change.
In one game, Brown rushed for 169 yards and a touchdown on 24 carries against Baylor.
He threatened from his preferred spot on the right wing, knifing inside, dribbling securely with his favored left foot, passing ingeniously, drawing a penalty kick for Mexico, scoring a predatory rebound goal.
Mark D. Higgins, recently appointed by Gov.
First, make sure quarterbacks are taught not to lock their knee when they plant their foot, which could reduce the damage caused by a low hit.
benchmarks for support with a cap on season tickets at 22,000 and the first sports marketing partnership with Microsoft Corporation, living up to all the hype surrounding opening night appeared challenging.
To the Editor: Re “ Obama Advances His Case; Health Bill’s Cost Challenged ” (front page, June 16): In his speech to the American Medical Association on Monday, President Obama declined to address unrestrained and out-of-control malpractice awards, which are a root cause of the high cost of medical care.
No method is perfect, and any cutting can make it difficult, if not impossible, to reconstruct circuits that connect cells in disparate areas of the brain and somehow create a thinking, feeling mind.
Can anyone seriously claim that we’ve lost 6.7 million jobs because fewer Americans want to work?
And recipients often treat it like found money; what’s a loss of $4 when the $96 you did get to use was money you didn’t have before?
But purchases of corporate bonds and stocks plunged.
A two-year-old Pentagon program that assigns social scientists to work with military units in Iraq and Afghanistan has come under sharp criticism from a panel of anthropologists who argue that the undertaking is dangerous, unethical and unscholarly.
“Nathan would make the point that food is water with a bunch of impurities in it,” Mr. Young said.
It has 800 priests in 22 countries, and 70,000 members worldwide, many of whom are lay people in its affiliate, Regnum Christi.
“I must admit that the coalition has not functioned in any elegant way.
The report underscores Washington’s political cowardice and the frightening cost, as the mayhem spreads south of the border and threatens to move northwards.
By the 1950s he had long since taken his profound skepticism to its logical extreme: he preferred to think about art rather than make it.
Ankur R. Desai of the University of Wisconsin-Madison, an author of the study in Nature Geoscience, said the effect was due to ice, or lack of it.
But first there was the requisite attempt to “flip” the men, to persuade them to inform on their associates.
Still, in a report published Thursday, the bank downgraded its economic forecast for the year.
The previous attacks were on the Times Square military recruiting station in 2008; on the Mexican Consulate at 27 East 39th Street in 2007; and on an office building housing the British Consulate at 845 Third Avenue in 2005.
They are virtuosic, showy, inventive and astonishing pieces, qualities captured by Mr. Fellner in fleet, lucid and meticulously executed performances.
“I just have my world-weariness to present as my credentials,” he said, then took stock of this tortured-artist statement and laughed.
A professional career is uncertain, Willis said, because Mistric will turn 25 in early May and teams may be reluctant to groom a pitcher who may not be ready for the majors until he is 28 or 29.
But recently, as Mr. Wilson recounted last week on his popular blog, A VC , Josh has started streaming television shows from Netflix under the family’s $24-a-month subscription plan and listening to licensed, ad-supported music videos from YouTube on his iPhone .
That was VW’s thinking with the Twincharger engine, first offered on 2006 Golf and Touran models in markets outside of the United States.
I have a lot.” Mr. Kelly was a young boy when his father, James, a milkman, first taught him how to fold the fabric of a necktie into the thick, triangular form of a Windsor knot.
At a year old, she was one of the most fearful children in Kagan’s study, and she had an episode of depression in middle school and a diagnosis of social anxiety disorder as a teenager.
I could be talking to you right now and say, 'Oh, I'm sorry, I forgot what I was talking about.'
12 Notre Dame , 93-74, in its most impressive victory of the season.
Dec. 12 at 7:30 p.m. $10.
(Mr. Friis had already left the company.)
It was the second protest in two weeks by the pro-Russia Party of Regions , which blames Ukraine’s leadership for failing to cope with the economic downturn.
“This will be next to impossible to ever identify all the people who were disinterred,” Sheriff Thomas J.
Advance booking, not last-minute lobbying, brought Mr. West to Mr. Leno’s new set.
"You don't want to go 15 innings and lose those big pitching performances on both sides."
Dozens can be seen at Pagani, which has become a transit point since its closure, and at the island’s main port of Mytilini most days, waiting for the ferry to Chios.
The developer plans to sell $500 million in tax-exempt bonds and, separately, another $146 million in subordinated debt.
“Some people say, ‘This kid cannot play Division I basketball,’ ” he said.
Indeed, federal officials warned that while the economy and financial markets were showing signs of improvement, the banking sector was unlikely to rebound soon.
He offered his generation of displaced diners a reassuringly familiar setting, a time-travel mirror where they could still recognize themselves as the transplanted adults they had become.
“It would be a disaster.” The Elk Refuge’s manager, Steve Kallin, whose office overlooks the 25,000 acres where more than 7,000 elk have gathered this winter, said he lived in fear of what could happen if — some people say when — chronic wasting disease breaks out.
It wasn't just about Vogue.
Those three states experienced a home construction boom after devastating hurricanes .
But they offer some easy tips to help him steer clear of the ''hypercorrectionists'' during his Congressional address Tuesday night.
The final third would be given to charities, like Local Initiatives Support or helping kids of the jobless get swine flu shots.
But Mr. Kashkari, a 36-year-old Republican, has a different vantage point from the seclusion of the mountain cabin in California where he has spent recent months after running the Troubled Assets Relief Program, or TARP, for the Treasury.
But the European Union raised concerns that the German government’s promise of aid might have been improperly tied to the Magna bid.
In her memory, contributions may be sent to: Atlantic Home Care and Hospice, 33 Bleeker Street, Millburn, NJ 07041.
On Thursday morning, the Koreans put on a rousing welcoming ceremony for Mr. Obama.
With 15 stages to go — and a route that will wind through Milan and Turin before heading south — plenty of time remains.
People ask me how I come up with stuff.
About 50 horses, including 20 she owns, reside at Ms. Kanciper's two rescue facilities.
Mr. Obama has no public events on his schedule, aides said, and plans to golf, swim and spend time with family and friends.
But Twitter’s most productive use has been for businesses that want to peer into the minds of their customers, reading their immediate reactions to a product.
Her voice lacked the penetrating solidity of a Kirsten Flagstad or the clarion brilliance of a Birgit Nilsson.
The judge in the case, Alan S. Gold, asked the United States government on Wednesday to clarify its response should the Swiss refuse to comply with a potential order that the names be turned over, including ''receivership and/or seizure of UBS' assets within the United States,'' according to The Associated Press.
When she went before the General Assembly on Wednesday, Mrs. Rell called her plan a budget of “shared pain and sacrifice” but one that also trims “the bloat of bureaucracy” and avoids tax increases.
Ms. Knight and two other great singers Mr. Perry has slipped into the cast, Mary J. Blige and Marvin L. Winans, are perfectly credible actors, but of course Mr. Perry doesn’t let their voices go to waste.
What could be more important than creating a home and raising the next generation, all in balance with a career that gives a feeling of self-worth and financial independence?
Some coal executives aim to scuttle legislation in the Senate by continuing to cast doubts on the science of climate change.
Another jury failed to reach verdicts in 2008.
That was enough to edge out Mr. Nickels, who had drawn criticism for the city’s handling of a major snowstorm last year, for his support for building a highway tunnel beneath the Seattle waterfront and for what some viewed as an aggressive leadership style.
It’s also a testament to television’s power as mythmaker, as a source for some of the fundamental stories we tell about ourselves, who we are and where we came from.
The team argued that fans consent to the searches when they buy the tickets, which bear warnings that searches will occur.
Western authors, even those often quoted for their enthusiastic phrases about history, carry a solid dose of pessimism.
A girl named Susan volunteered that she was reconsidering her tendency to lie to her mother, and to cover for friends who were doing drugs.
The company has said it is not for sale, no matter how many people circle around it, nor is it in imminent danger of default or bankruptcy, and it has the flexibility to run the business.
For instance, AdAge.com — the Web site of the trade publication Advertising Age, owned by Crain Communications — reported recently that Gap Inc. was reaching beyond the creative agency for its Gap division, Laird & Partners in New York, for the first time in seven years.
Nan Kempner in 1983, and 5., in 2002, wearing her Yves Saint Laurent evening coats.
In February, after Mr. Sarkozy asked French automakers to protect local jobs, Slovakia warned there could be consequences.
By controlling the use of their brand name, businesses hope to put off the day when the name grows so popular that it defines all similar products on the market.
Friday and Thursday shows at 2 and 7 p.m.; Saturday at 2:30 and 6:30 p.m.; Sunday at 1 and 5 p.m.; Wednesday at 10:30 a.m. and 2 and 7 p.m.; Coney Island boardwalk, 21st Street and Surf Avenue, Brooklyn , (800) 745-3000, ringling.com/coneyisland ; $10 to $65.
There's Lou Rawls's single-malt purr, drawing you into dream time, and Ella Fitzgerald's fizzy patter, coaxing you out of it.
BAYLOR SUES Elgin Baylor, the former Los Angeles Clippers general manager who was dismissed last fall after 22 years, has sued the team, the N.B.A.
The N.F.L.’s game operations manual dictates that “cheerleading is not permitted over the P.A.
Her words later found their way into an oft-repeated story, one of many Mr. Hill told to inspire listeners to dream big and push themselves to achieve.
He says that the National Guard used the LRAD to communicate with flood victims stranded by Hurricane Katrina, and that it has also been used by wind farmers to keep birds away ''to allow us truly renewable green energy without blood-stained turbines.''
Still, in the strange and arduous choreography of Middle East peacemaking, Monday’s announcement was not seen as likely to derail movements toward renewing stalled Israeli-Palestinian talks.
Fair and reasonable enough, but considering Murray’s winning career record against Federer and considering Nadal’s concerns, Murray is a dangerous third man indeed.
People overwhelmingly thought the recession would last another year or more, and 70 percent were concerned that a household member would be jobless.
events earlier in the year,” a reference to the public outrage last March, when the company paid bonuses after reporting the biggest losses in corporate history.
“My heart is racing,” Mr. Colon said, according to Mr. Rudin.
The Era of Gorging and the Age of the Bust — they’re both in those pants, stranded in a store named for the kind of money we’ll need to clean up this mess.
His sense of humor, rigorous honesty, and openness always made Neil a magnet for great conversations and connection with everyone he encountered."
AMENITIES The only real “extra” is a library on the ground floor where a large collection of Italian-style Modernist sofas soften what feels otherwise like a fairly standard mod-business hotel masquerading as a vacation spot.
The Blue Dogs and other Democrats, including some in the larger business-friendly New Democrat Coalition, object to the surcharge on the wealthy.
Mr. Hunt’s show at the Drawing Room also has a conceptual bent, the artist displaying a small group of abstract sculptures accompanied by preparatory sketches, studies and drawings.
No one knows how many live in the Gulf of Mexico, the Amazon Basin, West Africa’s coastal area, the Caribbean Sea or their other habitats, but scientists have counted as many as 3,300 in Florida, and we had been promised that some were in the waters now beneath our boat.
I have never seen corporate conduct of this nature,” said a lawyer at Monsanto, Scott Partridge.
But there have always been bugs in the system.
In the United States, the percentage is thought to be much smaller, although it is difficult to estimate, since such marriages have long been an underground phenomenon, because of laws forbidding them and because of the lingering incest-related stigma.
Sweet Autumn Gratin: Combine cubed pumpkin or sweet potato with cranberries and hazelnuts in a buttered baking dish.
But beneath the laid-back décor is a deeper truth about this midsize city: It’s seen wave after wave of transformation.
“You have two Staals,” he said.
“I think that means Charlie Crist, in my opinion, is going to seek to serve citizens in the office where he can be involved in decisions that are affecting their lives.” Mr. Crist, 52, played coy at a public event Monday when asked if he could do more from the Senate.
The committee chairman, Senator Duncan Fletcher of Florida, pleaded with newspapers not to print the pictures, which only made them rush to do so.
The Duke authors also write that drug research in developing countries — where certain populations may metabolize medications differently because of environmental factors or genetic mutations — might not be relevant for American patients.
It would be unreasonable to expect too much of any speech, especially on a topic as prone to subjective interpretation as U.S. foreign policy and Islam.
And yet today, Hendrickson doesn’t seem to blink at the prospect of going to jail for 50 years, which, at his age, would effectively be a life sentence — much like Irwin Schiff’s.
“The beauty of this place is outstanding.
This would make the establishment of democracy a real possibility.
It looks as if people will trade just about anything for a good massage.
The weight was intentional, for this was the masculine side that contrasted with the wafting girly dresses at the end of the show.
Nearly every election here since the fall of Communism in 1991 has been hotly contested, with losers accusing winners of vote-rigging or worse.
In a letter to colleagues Sunday, the speaker, Salvatore DiMasi, a Democrat, said his resignation as a state representative and as speaker would be effective at 5 p.m. Tuesday.
Everyone is in favor of low trade barriers for other countries.
“They’re trying to cut through red tape.”
The Dauphine Orleans Hotel ( www.dauphineorleans.com ), for example, is still offering a three-night package starting at $1,209 for two, which includes daily festival passes, coffee and beignets at Café du Monde, brunch for two, daily continental breakfast and a welcome beverage.
The Walt Disney Company, for instance, is weighed down by ABC and its theme parks.
Moss and Wes Welker dropped early passes.
The conservative commentators Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh and the liberal commentator Bill Maher have advised their listeners not to get the new vaccine, suggesting that it could be deadly or part of a plot by the Obama administration to dictate Americans' health.
But the Viceroy nailed the sleeping arrangements: a comfortable mattress, plush bedding, even a miniature comforter for the blow-up bed we brought for our daughter.
It is just not the American way.” Louann Van Der Wiele, a Chrysler vice president and associate general counsel, defended the company’s decision to cut a quarter of its dealerships while it reorganized in bankruptcy.
At that time, there was a lot of brainwashing.
Skip Schumaker added his third home run in a span of 30 at-bats in the third.
City Ballet traditionally presents a new work on Balanchine’s birthday.
“I know the family very well,” said Mr. Alam, a Muslim.
Jeff Daniels , as the politician George Fergus, squares off with Russell Crowe , as the pen-wielding journalist Cal McAffrey.
It had open-ended studio time and some pop experience; one of its songwriters, Alex Chilton, had sung the Box Tops hit ''The Letter.''
The documents, heavily edited sections of a 2004 review by the C.I.A.
But in America, given all our resources, we pride ourselves on achieving the difficult.
Women are no more alienated from God than men, no less redeemable by God's grace through faith and no less able to lead wisely in the church.
Boeing also said it expected to deliver its first Dreamliner in the fourth quarter of 2010, compared with an original delivery date of May 2008.
Question he is asked most: “How do you make a dance?” Well, I get asked that so often that I just make up completely different answers each time.
“There are a bunch of pilings that need to be replaced,” said Lee Silberstein, a spokesman for the trust.
Coach Rex Ryan noted Lowery’s surging confidence level Sunday, along with the depth he gives the Jets at cornerback.
I would have loved to have seen the stimulus package include a government-funded venture capital bank to help finance all the start-ups that are clearly not starting up today — in the clean-energy space they’re dying like flies — because of a lack of liquidity from traditional lending sources.
“A Hispanic marrying a Russian,” she said.
A pastoral scene is painted on the panel above the keyboard, and the piece is ornamented with gilded swags and wreaths.
Americans — along with people elsewhere — are dubious about expanding trade deals.
But the home is now worth a little more than he paid for it, and his income has fallen by 40 percent.
“Wire me up,” Mr. Ridge said, according to Mr. Lichtblau’s book, “Bush’s Law.” “Not a chance.
What to Do After the Season Ends?
With the touch of a button, you can also direct your typing output to an e-mail message, Facebook page or Twitter update.
Several fine examples of these are in subsequent exhibition rooms, among them “Wangchuan Villa” (2000).
CBS had a rare fourth-place finish.
With its squat slate houses barely rising above the rolling hillsides on which they are built, the town’s pretty Romanesque bell tower is the only thing that doesn’t blend into the landscape.
You could be in Marrakesh.
They were married in September 2005.
Regardless, Mr. Rothstein is now experiencing quite a comeuppance.
Were we in a fantasy land when we believed that there was something behind President Dmitri Medvedev’s words about possible sanctions for Iran?
''I love Seattle and all the people here,'' he said.
He was a Horticulturist for the City of New York for many years.
Women are increasingly devoting their 20s to education and careers, pushing marriage and motherhood into their 30s and 40s.
If you serve straight from them on the table, fine with me.
“A little profit-taking looks healthy at this point.” Analysts said the market’s ability to avoid another steep drop was a good sign but cautioned that trading volume remained light ahead of the Labor Day weekend.
As JSOC’s commander, McChrystal spent no time trying to win over the Iraqis or training Iraqi forces or building the governing capacity of the Iraqi state.
About 30 percent of the county’s $100 million budget for solid waste management is allocated to waste disposal.
Cadillacs have been a symbol of prestige ever since the first ones were rolled out in 1902, but the association was solidified in the 1920s by the G.M.
As Altria’s competitors have repeatedly argued in opposing the legislation, Altria stands to retain more market share if the advertising crackdown makes it harder for other companies to improve their sales standing.
They sent the scrappy Anderson Varejao to check Rashard Lewis, and Lewis hit 9 of 13 shots, including the winning 3-pointer, with Varejao in his face.
But the commanders say more civilians died than should have and attribute it to two factors: faulty intelligence that led to attacking the wrong houses, and a failure, after warning Palestinians to leave, to provide safe escape routes.
Ms. Mayer has traveled to India and across the United States researching them.
In January, Conoco announced 1,300 job cuts and, anticipating a difficult 2009, has reduced its capital spending budget by 37 percent this year.
“Certainly the apps are also one of the many side effects of the economic crisis, with companies looking for new and cheaper ways to market.” Most of the applications have the same basic elements, like videos or three-dimensional images of timepieces; store locators; technical specifications; or the ability to zoom in on a specific feature.
Sheer willpower was not enough as Connecticut outlasted Rutgers again, 69-59.
Baby brother to Tillie and the late Henry.
Is it better than killing them in horrific slaughter facilities after even shorter, truly miserable lives?
A one-minute delay at a platform can wreck months of planning — not to mention a few home-cooked turkey dinners.
“I was just so surprised and shocked all of a sudden to see Serena walking over to me,” she said later.
Lionel Messi, Andrés Iniesta, Xavi Hernández, Carles Puyol had outplayed, outclassed and especially out-passed Manchester.
He sends blue postcards promoting the book to players and umpires and salmon postcards to people who may buy the book.
Their schedules had grown complicated, and they had other interests.
Mr. Parham, one of three alternate jurors who were released from duty on Tuesday, said he would have liked to stay through the deliberation by the panel of eight women and four men, even though he expected it to take a long time because there were “a lot of egos in there.” He said he thought some of the most compelling charges were the larceny counts against Mr. Marshall for using his mother’s money to pay a captain for his yacht and to cover expenses at the summer home in Maine that she had given him.
The excitement, however, has rung hollow for many Iraqis, who fear that their country’s security forces are not ready to stand alone and who see the government’s claims of independence as overblown.
The investigation will focus on a decision taken by the Interior Department in the final days of the Bush administration to lock in a royalty rate of only 5 percent on 30,000 acres of existing oil shale leases for oil companies, Mr. Salazar said.
Mortgage banking is also going to be bigger this year.
Those cutbacks rarely apply to math and science teachers, who are often in short supply.
He has teamed with Dave Checketts , the principal owner of the St. Louis Blues hockey team and a former Madison Square Garden executive, in making the bid for the Rams.
They failed to produce another hit until Fernando Tatis’s pinch-hit single in the ninth.
“People who pulled back out of fear are starting to spend more.
Jonathan Ericsson scored on a slap shot from the blue line with 6 minutes 7 seconds left to make the score 2-1.
Totemic, mythic imagery abounds, giving the best of the paintings visual force and a disquieting strangeness.
Should I be looking to sell them, or hold on?
That often leaves consumers to jump to their own, often erroneous, conclusions about the meaning of their gene test findings.
While the restaurant awaits its liquor license, patrons may bring their own alcohol.
At Casa Mezcal, they plan to have an art gallery and screening room.
Brown, the Queens district attorney, said in a statement, “This case is the latest in a series of tragic motor vehicle accidents that have dominated the news in recent months — cases involving motorists who engage in high-risk behavior while driving cars packed with innocent children.” He added: “As a result of the defendant’s alleged actions, the lives of two young people have been needlessly and prematurely forfeited and others have suffered serious injuries.
The ancients, it seems, were pretty amazing climbers.
“How are you tracking your cash flow?” he will ask.
In lieu of flowers, donations to LWR.org or Good Shepherd Hospice, Melville, NY 11747.
Ms. Daly, who started Fresh Daly in 2004, said her business is picking up after a sharp drop when the economy took a nosedive last year.
“To me, it is not a gay bashing or gay hate crime,” he said.
But the Treasury would lose its claim to dividend payments, which in Citigroup’s case amount to more than $2.25 billion a year.
In his annual Berkshire Hathaway letter, Warren E. Buffett recently urged investors to pose tough questions at the shareholders meeting in May.
Another party, Shas, with 11 seats, is made up of Orthodox Sephardic voters and will also have a key role as a power broker.
The revelations have also had the effect of stripping the Catholic Church, which once set the agenda in Ireland, of much of its moral authority and political power.
¶Randall Cobb scored the go-ahead touchdown on a 4-yard run with 3:17 left as visiting Kentucky came from behind to defeat Auburn, 21-14.
The district’s general manager, Paul Helliker, says it needs more water to weather another severe drought like the one in 1976-77, when the district had to build a pipe across the Richmond-San Rafael Bridge and import water it bought elsewhere.
“I am so relieved, I can barely express it,” Ms. Mukoko said when contacted by telephone not long after leaving the courtroom in tears.
None of the people who assisted them have been prosecuted, although the authorities conducted investigations and considered bringing charges in eight of those cases, they said.
Page A17 Obituaries JOHN MARTYN, MUSICIAN, 60 A Scottish singer and guitarist who emerged from the London folk scene but truly grew in the 1970s, evolving his gentle mix of folk and jazz and using electronic devices like the Echoplex and others to create a sound that was duplicated well into the 1980s.
It’s supposed to clear everything out, and these last two it hasn’t been that way.
The exchanges were chosen so as to ensure that each region of the country was represented in proportion to its population.
But its commitment to the material feels honest, nowhere more so than in Mr. Downey’s darkly shaded, nuanced performance, one that deepens this film with its insistence on the fundamental mysteries of human character.
The Open logo this year depicted an endangered species, the caddie.
They could do a better job ensuring that patients obtained their medications and understood how to take them.
“The white people used to come every day,” said Hawa Hamal Mohammed, a relative of the boy.
Meanwhile the sheer emptiness of the landscape, never mind the graves, speaks clearly to loss.
She attended Downe House, a boarding school in Berkshire, and, after studying mathematics at Newnham College, Cambridge, became a chartered accountant.
“Precious,” about a young woman’s struggles to succeed despite her troubled and impoverished family, fills the bill, and will join past recipients like “Milk” and “Good Night, and Good Luck,” both of which were nominated for best picture Oscars.
They could acknowledge, first of all, that any god whose creative role ends with the beginning of natural selection is, strictly speaking, logically compatible with Darwinism.
“They carry fungus from tree to tree in pockets and inoculate the trees with it,” Dr. Six said.
''This is what we've seen throughout this crisis, political involvement and bargaining and so on and no factories are closed,'' said Michael Tyndall, an auto specialist at Nomura International in London.
Only a day before, Mr. Daschle's nomination had seemed safe, given that the Democrats have a comfortable majority in the Senate and that President Obama and several Democratic senators had issued statements backing him.
Mr. Lauria, the lawyer for the Chrysler debtholder group, disagreed with the analysis, saying that his clients would probably recover more money in a liquidation.
It suggests that anything is possible, including reasonably civilized behavior in the stands and on the field as the Yankees and the Red Sox meet this weekend for the first time this season.
If the vibe is new school, the service is not: Meats, sides and drinks are dispensed at separate counters; a “meal ticket” is used to tally the total at the end of the meal.
1940-2009 A Southern cotton-mill girl was not supposed to grumble too loudly.
“And this time they’re bringing some nerds with them.” On Sunday night, 200 guests jammed into the home of Joan Nathan, a cookbook author, for a party in honor of the cool-again Alice Waters and other visiting celebrity chefs.
Built through research into game logs, statistics and the behavioral traits of coaches, Zeus accurately replicates a modern N.F.L.
“With Willem, you can actually say, ‘This guy is such a loser,’ ” Mr. Schrader said.
“Do I worry about those grids, and about air traffic control systems, water supply systems, and so on?
“It’s a lot to absorb.” Margaret Hayes Jordan, 66, who grew up knowing a little about Mr. Jennings, her great-great-great-grandfather, said she was proud to see him get some recognition.
“Now I’m stunned to find myself in the middle of a social debate,” he added, as discussion of the situation has gone from the culture sections to front pages and editorials of French newspapers.
Mr. Gleicher said he thought she was “gorgeous” and immediately sat down with her for what became a wide-ranging four-hour conversation that included a discussion of the Peace Corps.
“I can understand the community pride, but when you get down to the harsh realities, it is very expensive per pupil here,” said the Goodsprings principal, Mark Jones, who also oversees Sandy Valley Elementary, Middle and High Schools, about 12 miles away.
The explosion on Saturday was unusual in that it involved a large mine operated by one of China’s biggest state-owned companies, the Heilongjiang Longmei Holding Mining Group.
I looked up, and he was throwing the water bottle — and then it hit me right here, right in the head, and it bounced off me.” Asked about the incident at the Rangers’ practice rink Saturday afternoon, Tortorella said, “I’ve been asked not to comment on that by my boss.” Schoenfeld is expected to coach the team Sunday.
His version had two key innovations.
RUBIN--Eleanor (nee Spiegel), born February 14, 1921, died December 19, 2009 in Boynton Beach, FL.
“In fact, the information economy is the culmination of what the Industrial Revolution started — it has placed human capital front and center as the main driver of productivity and growth.” Mr. Nilekani contends that India is uniquely positioned to enjoy a “demographic dividend” because the median age of its population is only 23 while that of China, with a total of 1.3 billion people, is already over 32.
But Mr. Thompson, who opposed nonpartisan elections in 2003, again refused to back the concept, they said.
“For the studios, that’s the dispositive factor.” The rise and rise of Nancy Meyers is a story with few hitches — a surprisingly organic tale propelled by talent, a bit of luck and a self-described “worker bee” ethic.
Several Republicans said Democrats could suffer a backlash if economic policies pushed by Mr. Obama failed to lift the country out of a recession.
But workplace banter in the cockpit (like complaining about management) can be distraction enough.
But the Shoulderses, who are prominent figures in the community here, soon may no longer own the club.
“They stomped their way through it, ignored the niceties of the sound and made it palatable to 15-year-old tastes.” In the summer of 1960 the single became first a regional hit and then, with distribution by the Liberty label, a national one.
A different splinter group, the Continuity I.R.A., claimed responsibility.
Asked later about the objection of Ms. Quackenbos, he said the exact amount of any settlement was a matter of private litigation and subject to final court approval.
Federal data on meth lab seizures suggest that there are tens of thousands of contaminated residences in the United States .
In his careful yet provocative contemplation of religious history, Wright sees continuous positive moral change over time but denies the specialness of any individual faith.
are expanding their scrutiny of other banks that offer questionable offshore accounts, not just in common tax havens like Switzerland and Liechtenstein, but other places as well, like Hong Kong.
This time around, emerging markets seem to be the strong link in an otherwise flimsy chain.
“We also demand that Syria hand over every person wanted for committing murders and crimes against Iraqis and to kick out all terrorist organizations that use Syria as a base to launch and plan such operations against Iraqi people,” he said in a statement.
In the final segment the beat picked up, and the forest scenes flashed as if illuminated by lightning — or by disco strobe lights.
The United States has transferred $200 million to the Palestinians to help ease their government’s growing budget crisis.
“Dance for the form and gymnastics for the athleticism.” Mirrors are used throughout to extend the look of the space and to enhance the veil-like effect of some of the wall fabrics.
In fact, one change seems to have been shunted aside.
These are all essential for finding, bidding on and getting paid for military contracts.
Most of the poems he ever published in book form counted as light verse, but his light verse was dauntingly accomplished.
It was unclear when Miller would return to Europe.
It’s not a word that I use very often.” But the controversy surrounding Bivens and her relationship with some players and some board members may be less about golf than about the challenge for women’s sports organizations as they fight for respectability and a share of the male-dominated sports market.
Ms. Fey plays a satirical version of herself and seems miscast in the part.
But Chrysler would still have to contribute more than $5 billion in cash over the next decade to the trust.
ANCRAM, AUG. 2 The 2009 edition of the Ancram Preservation Group’s Working Landscapes tour features working farms and gardens, including an ornamental garden with vegetables and orchards, a horse farm and a hilltop rock garden.
“When you’re faced with ‘To be or not to be,’ in the first rehearsal,” Mr. Law said, “there’s a sense of ‘Oh, God, I’m stepping into the world’s greatest cliché.’ But without sounding like a naff old actor, I’m Hamlet, and what a great way to question life and death.” He added: “The reason they’re so famous is because they’re beautifully written and incredibly powerful pieces of dialogue.
But when a high-rolling Qatari prince bought the crumbling 17th-century palace in 2007 for $88 million, the Lambert became the center of attention, not all of it so attractive.
And that will probably make some guy feel pretty svelte.
But these are difficult times for truck owners.
“If they can only tell them one thing, what would it be?” So the animal handler advises the children to consider vegetarianism; the dippy host reads aloud from Sartre’s “Nausea.” In a more condensed form Ms. Bag’s show might have worked.
Senate Democrats inserted an even worse provision — requiring that all manufactured goods bought with stimulus money be made in this country.
and the potential for a damaging lawsuit.
Jennifer McDonnell, a spokeswoman there, said the institute could not have sought the exemption in any way other than Congressional action, because at present that is the only way for a hospital to attain it.
When Manchester United surrendered the ball in the Champions League final, it often seemed to need minutes to get it back.
“I think it’s sort of starting to happen but hasn’t really become a dialogue yet,” Dr. Koniaris said.
But almost all health care providers take plain old Medicare, says Judith Stein, founder of the Center for Medicare Advocacy, a nonprofit patients advisory group.
Haha.” The significant age gaps between Armstrong and most of his competitors did not keep him from returning to the Tour.
Thomas Friedman (“Call when you’re ready,” Views, Nov. 9) is right: America has been able to advance peace only when the Israelis and the Arabs felt enough pain to allow diplomacy to work.
Such a pretense would buy him time and favor with Congress.
Stockpiles fell 1.6 percent, the Commerce Department said Friday in Washington.
1 enemy is light,” Father Rocca said.
The big sales would come when big national homebuilders would be putting in a new subdivision or whatever.
It is the right decision for many individuals.”
Shame on our government for not monitoring and strictly enforcing stringent laws regarding slaughtering and processing meats.
For people who have sold their homes and don’t want to buy another right away, “we’re a very good option,” she said.
Massachusetts has demonstrated that if everyone is required to participate, it is possible to overhaul the market rules and provide consumers greater peace of mind.
Four Pakistani soldiers were killed when militants ambushed their convoy in the North Waziristan area of Shawal, local intelligence officials said.
She deplored some recent movies that raise the matter as one of its crucial plot points — “Knocked Up” and “Juno,” for example — and then “solve” it with a sweetly positive ending or a miscarriage or some other sidestep.
It imposes reasonable conditions to ensure the military aid goes to fight the insurgents — not India .
“Every day it feels like I’ve given up baseball and switched to ark building,” said Mr. George, dressed in khaki shorts, work boots and a Summit baseball cap and shirt.
The Food and Drug Administration has declined to approve a gout drug developed by Savient Pharmaceuticals , the company said on Sunday.
Frank Welker lends his voice to Scooby-Doo.
PORTUGAL 1, BOSNIA 0 Portugal qualified for the World Cup for the third time in a row, beating Bosnia in Zenica thanks to Raul Meireles's second-half goal in the second leg of the home-and-home series.
If all those tactics are fully employed, the standard comes down by 1 to 1.5 miles a gallon by 2016, according to analysts for environmental groups.
If he were in charge of changing federal policy, Mr.
“It’s been a total turnaround.” Mayor Gavin Newsom , who ordered the new policy, disputes that characterization and ticks off a list of policies that remain immigrant friendly: the issuing of identification cards to residents regardless of legal status, the promotion of low-cost banking and the city’s longstanding opposition to immigration raids.
“You don’t change reputations overnight in countries or human beings,” said Luis Alberto Moreno, the president of the Inter-American Development Bank, who said he, as a Colombian, knew how long it took to change perceptions of a troubled place.
Demand for motor vehicles and parts fell 8.1 percent in May, signaling disruptions from the bankruptcy filings at Chrysler and General Motors.
Finally, around 5 p.m., three of my friends gathered in my driveway to drive to a dance performance in the Berkshires.
It used its success there, like a Toronto production of “The Phantom of the Opera,” to expand into New York.
Asked what would happen if a gunman used a silencer, Gregg Rowland, ShotSpotter’s vice president, wrote in an e-mail message that the system cannot detect what it cannot hear, but that “this does not happen very much in the real world.” Still, for all the system’s wizardry, some people wonder just how effective it is.
Jessica Seinfeld’s broccoli-spiked chicken nuggets recipes are all hers, a federal judge ruled Thursday.
Adela María Gutiérrez fell ill in the beginning of April with what she thought was a bad cold.
“Ultimately, the union is very hostile to the idea of bankruptcy,” said Harley Shaiken, a labor professor at the University of California, Berkeley.
Ms. Akerman’s extended takes go so far as to alter the viewer’s physical relationship with the movie.
There are at present no effective treatments for the common cold.
“I started to realize the magnitude of the problem,” she said.
It’s telling that he is not a member of the Art Dealers Association of America, an invitation-only group.
True, Facebook’s last capital-raising 18 months ago, which brought Microsoft and the Hong Kong tycoon Li Ka-shing in as investors, put a $15 billion price tag on the company.
“Come on,” Chris Paul, the New Orleans Hornets ’ point guard, said, pounding the ball against the hardwood.
We don’t collect the data or analyze it, and so the best we can do is to give our readers a sense of what the prevailing scientific view is, based on interviews with scientists” and the expertise of reporters like Revkin.
“If you’re going to be competitive and you’re a stationary source, you’ve got to find a way to convince a trucker that you offer more than the cost of fuel.” There are no data about market share for these idling-reduction technologies, but an internal estimate from the Environmental Protection Agency showed more than 25,000 A.P.U.’s sold in 2007, and more than 83,000 direct-fired heaters.
“I’m none of those guys,” said Scheyer, who scored 20 points and grabbed 5 rebounds, “but Nolan and I have a special chemistry.” Scheyer and Smith — who had 44 points as a tandem to outscore Gonzaga — seemed increasingly in sync on the court.
I decided to take the final.
The regulator threatened to block banks’ overseas investments and branch openings unless they can demonstrate adequate capital to cover risks.
Conservative investors who hope to retire in 2020 but who do not want a lot of stocks could take a 2010 fund, which would have more bonds.
The owners trotted out their commissioner, Ford Frick, to offer reassurances of support.
But they’ve got to make some shots.” Richardson was in Tennessee, where he planned to watch Oklahoma play North Carolina on Sunday.
(The venture was backed by several investors, including Coinstar, which owns the coin-counting machines found in many groceries; it acquired redbox outright earlier this year.)
In Sharm el Sheik, Egypt, delegates from 79 countries will meet next month to choose a home, a director and a preliminary work program for the International Renewable Energy Agency, which was set up this year to lead a global drive to accelerate and expand the development of renewable energy resources.
Go!” and “The Rainbow Fish.” I’ve wondered if another reason I didn’t properly love “Where the Wild Things Are” as a kid was that anger hadn’t been freely expressed in my button-down home; perhaps I had found Sendak’s parable less liberating than off-putting or even frightening.
His passion for championing the underdog was also evident in his life-long love of baseball as he was an avid New York Mets fan and attended nearly a thousand ball games at Shea Stadium in Queens.
THE executive compensation bill that the House passed just before the August recess was advertised as the first in a series of government safeguards to prevent risky, me-first maneuverings around executive pay in corporate America.
After taking a break for lunch, we continued to Confucius Forest, where the great sage and more than 10,000 of his relatives are buried.
Last week, Magnus Carlsen of Norway, the prodigy who will be 19 on Nov. 30, became No.
Professor Lessig said that until resigning in March 2008, Mr. Spitzer “inspired the very best in our profession” and is “the most important living prosecutor on a wide range of corruption.” Mr. Spitzer, who graduated from Harvard Law School, spoke for more than an hour before taking questions.
“But it has to be a helping hand for the poor, who are a majority.
A child immigrant from war-torn Eritrea , and one of 11 siblings in a village with no electricity, Keflezighi traveled an arduous journey to the finish line here and carried decades of American hopes with him.
Alison Stacy Damast, the daughter of Donald Damast of Kings Point, N.Y., and the late Roberta Damast was married Saturday to Jason Michael Dolinger, the son of Marcia and Jerrold Dolinger of Stamford, Conn. Dr. Robert S. Widom, the senior rabbi at Temple Emanuel of Great Neck, officiated at Oheka Castle in Huntington, N.Y.
You’re cured.” “I think some of my family members still believe that,” she added.
“It felt wretched, just wretched,” Ms. Romer said of the evening that her 12-year-old boy pointed out his classroom in the dark.
“We and our Afghan allies stand ready to welcome anyone supporting the Taliban who renounces Al Qaeda, lays down their arms, and is willing to participate in the free and open society that is enshrined in the Afghan Constitution,” Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said in a speech last month.
He pointed to more recent disaster responses, including the generally praised federal reaction to Hurricane Gustav on the Gulf Coast last summer.
But you may not want to be tethered to the wall.
A poem initially offered for auction by Christie’s as an early work by Bob Dylan has turned out to be a modified version of a song by Hank Snow.
“Now we’ve created just a little bit of drama,” said Garrido, whose team had already created plenty in a comeback-filled postseason.
Much of the discussion between board members leading up to the vote centered on last year’s deliberations.
“China’s continued strong year-on-year monthly data released today were largely driven by base effects,” said Li-Gang Liu, China economist at ANZ in Hong Kong.
With time running out, Congress passed a stopgap measure to keep the federal government operating for another month while it struggled to finish nearly a dozen overdue spending bills.
Columnists may find it useful to give the opposing views on any position they take, or they may not, and it’s entirely up to them.
The bark, we are told, is the source of the antimalarial drug quinine — hence the pun on “aria.” The structure also conceals a cage of beetles, which is meant to suggest something about the unchecked ambitions of German art and science.
She graduated from Washington & Lee University in Lexington, Va., and received an M.B.A. from Columbia.
“People said, ‘Your dog looks like a deer on Xanax,’ ” Mr. Keyser said.
While acknowledging that his party has had little clout in the borough for many years, he added, “If there’s no effort to try and stem the tide, we’re going to continue to get beat up in the local races.” This was all the more reason, he argued, to start an organization designed to educate young voters in the area and encourage them to get involved in politics.
Ms. Chadbourne said many students believed that Mr. Munyakazi should be allowed access to the library because he was a scholar, even if he no longer taught on the campus in Towson.
(Note that rising with the heart ace is also fatal when hearts are 3-0.
China’s outbound foreign direct investment has increased steadily this decade, and the outflow of $52 billion last year was a record.
This duality — the sense of looking at figments of the cultural past through a strongly contemporary lens — is one of the strongest features of “Across the Road,” which was performed last week at the Chocolate Factory in Long Island City, Queens.
Now it’s cause for a fight.
She grew up rich and well educated, at ease with the kind of cultural references the French regard as central to civilization.
LeBron will turn 25 in December; Howard will turn 24 in December.
“This was so personal to me, misspellings and all,” he said, mentioning that he had typed it with one finger on the same 1987 Smith Corona word processor that he used to produce “Reservoir Dogs” and “Pulp Fiction.” “I mean I’ll proofread it when we publish it.” Not that he’ll change the title.
Kellen Moore threw for 272 yards and a touchdown for Boise State (13-0, 8-0 Western Athletic), which finished 12-0 last year but was left out of the Bowl Championship Series .
Lamar Odom, despite his usual inconsistency, is averaging 12.5 points and 7.3 rebounds.
“ I cannot grieve about it, nor perhaps can his Widow very much.” When visiting Bath in 1799, Austen tells Cassandra of absurd trends in hats: “Flowers are very much worn, & Fruit is still more the thing.
The secret was hidden in plain sight until Martha A. Sandweiss, the deductive historian who pieced together this narrative, happened to notice it.
These two worlds converge in “The Accordionist’s Son,” a sprawling novel about the legacy of civil war in Spain that borrows characters from Atxaga’s previous works but does not have quite the same charm and power.
Researchers have discovered that an impressive raft of metabolic and reproductive hormones will activate bone tissue, often at doses much smaller than what is required to arouse the breast, gonads or other organs presumed to be a hormone’s principal target.
still expected to need the full $30 billion that it had requested.
Swiss authorities initially opposed bail for Mr. Polanksi after his Sept. 26 arrest because of fears that he might flee.
Don Cropper, London Obama’s embrace of Mubarak With great interest I read your coverage of President Obama’s visit to the Middle East.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY SANG TAN/ASSOCIATED PRESS); Milivoje Novakovic of Slovenia, which defeated Russia in a playoff to reach the World Cup.
Alfred George Pike was born in Winnipeg and as a boy attended the hockey school run there by Lester Patrick, the Rangers’ longtime coach and general manager.
As states consider the public option, the critical factors, besides local politics, may include the size of a state’s uninsured population and its marketplace competition.
“It immediately raises the question, whose values?
In many invertebrate species, the males provide females with food to help nourish their eggs.
In that year The Times reported that St. John’s possessed a remarkable reliquary, containing a section of the rope used in the scourging of Jesus; part of the red robe worn by Jesus after the scourging; pieces of the cross; the table of the Last Supper; the crib of Jesus; and bone fragments of the 12 apostles.
IT’S never welcome news in a community that a school is closing.
In others, including around Wanat, villagers have bluntly told the American military that its presence is not wanted.
But instead of increasing transparency, the rules have had the unintended consequence of muddying the water with excess verbiage.
Some suggest Peary gave up the day he took that solitary observation because he realized how far off course he had gone; some suspect he had earlier avoided taking longitude observations so as not to leave a paper trail of his route.
Designed by Norman Foster, the glass box features a red, tubelike core where the Dallas Opera will perform.
memphis (AP) ¶Kevin Broadus, the coach at Binghamton, has signed a contract extension through the 2013-14 season.
Far more respect is paid to print journalism, a vanishing industry, in “Times 365:24:7” than to broadcast journalism.
“We didn’t feel like we could give a prize on the basis of need, but what would burst out consistently was: Do you know what this money could mean?” The deliberations had “a slight air of desperation,” he added.
The court fight has had considerable spectacle value for Hollywood, where major studios have seldom pushed each other quite so hard over a movie that stood so close to release.
Personally, I was very against the war, so it was nice to be in a film about its personal impact.
What was the event that made me become a cognitive psychologist who studies language?
Completely Unexpected The rise of the modern bullpen has made the expectation of a complete game a thing of the past, but the statistic's unpredictability can often create interesting surprises.
Eventually, the Golem is said to have gone on a murderous rampage — out of unrequited love, some explain.
There are twangy guitars and organ drones, more space and more suspense.
“It got too rowdy,” Mr. Muncy said.
Mr. Simon was a senior aide to the local congressman, Gregory W. Meeks , but for several years Mr. Whitehead had been his mentor and a father figure.
Untrimming the Tree Q. I know how long it takes our family to clean up after Christmas and take all the lights and ornaments off the tree.
Myerson describes an abusive phone call from an acquaintance whose son is the same age as hers; the mother wants Myerson to know that she’s a misguided, irresponsible parent whose tough love has pushed her son into the abyss.
''It's not that we're rejecting the offer,'' Frank Gaube, a Porsche spokesman, said.
“The E.U.’s Common Agricultural Policy is made up of dozens of different schemes from export subsidies to citric acid processing grants to money for organic farming and income support.” The European Commission, the executive body of the European Union, said it was important to consider the context for some payments.
Houses built closer to deer habitat draw deer to tasty landscaping, and that brings ticks closer to people.
Miles, a 6-foot-7 swingman from Toledo, Ohio, signed with UConn in 2007 and was expelled as a freshman in 2008 when he violated a restraining order obtained against him by a female student.
April 6 will have to do this.
Its capital spending program, one of the largest in the industry, fell by 6 percent, to $6.6 billion in the past quarter, but it still on track to reach about $29 billion this year.
Employment in the industry has fallen just 8 percent since last September.
It allows him to meander across Asia, taking some curry from here, some sashimi from there.
Ms. Jackson said the emission-control areas were “long overdue” and would save many lives.
A financial projection by the Army has concluded there is a reasonable possibility that potential government losses could ultimately range from $10 billion to $100 billion.
“The madrasa reform project failed,” said Javed Ashraf Qazi, a retired general who served as education minister at the time.
She and her husband are divorcing, and he is no longer willing to help pay the mortgage.
It was not until this week that the last Senate holdouts were won over through a compromise on the school reimbursement.
The rhinos have been roaming unchecked for a generation.
“In addition, we expect that the authorities will focus more on structural imbalance issues by rolling out additional measures to boost consumption, while maintaining the pace of the fiscal stimulus plan in order to support growth,” they said.
Dr. Crabtree said it was too soon to know if the rule change would significantly affect prices for the fish.
We drive or walk past the cemetery and its poplars, feeling the tug of the season ahead, the resistance of the season behind.
“We were talking in the locker room that if Italy or Spain or Brazil or Argentina are up, 2-0, at halftime, they’re not losing, period, maybe rarely,” Donovan said.
Bopara and Edwards were far from the biggest earners in the I.P.L.
Except for Voulkos, you’ll find none of these artists at SOFA, probably by mutual consent.
The release quoted Goodell as saying that the moves would “enhance the substantial progress we have made in recent years” and that “our goal remains to make our game as safe as possible, protect the health and safety of our players, and set the best possible example for players at all levels and in all sports.” The league spokesman Joe Browne wrote on Twitter, “Goodell again shows he’s serious re: concussions.” This continued a pattern of the league requesting credit for improving conditions without accepting its role in preserving the conditions that required improvement.
It certainly wouldn’t make much if it depended for support on foot traffic from New York.
Nancy Janis, a cousin of Mr. Lagasse, described him as “the quintessential abstract random person,” adding, “Someone has to balance the checkbook, and its not him.” So Ms. Johnson and Mr. Lagasse went about testing the other’s mettle.
“The surgeon general’s role has been to be the country’s doctor, and having someone who is immediately recognizable to many people can be very helpful,” said Linda C. Degutis, immediate past president of the American Public Health Association.
In the case of the United Nations school, Israel has said that Hamas militants were firing mortars from a location near the school.
If even half that money could be recaptured, the amount saved would be more than enough to finance health care reforms.
The death toll — 2,118 civilians killed in 2008, compared with 1,523 in 2007 — is the highest since the Taliban government was ousted in November 2001, at the outset of a war with no quick end in sight.
Del Ponte had a ringside seat at one of the most momentous shifts in international diplomacy in recent history: the setting up of new legal instruments to bring dictators and war criminals to justice.
“I wasn’t being accused of things like that.
The findings have not been made public by the French authorities, nor have they been reviewed by the San Francisco police, but Mr. de la Plaza said they showed that someone stabbed his son to death, leaving a bloody scene behind.
The prices Mr. Feld charges for concession items have not increased this year, he said, but revenues “are the same, though my first thought in the recession was that concessions would drop.” The Ringling cavalcade includes three touring circus shows visiting 120 cities a year; 10 million customers see each new arena show as it travels 30,000 miles during the nearly two-year run.
Mr. Milton declined to speak during the hearing but his lawyers said they were preparing an appeal.
This time, however, the prayer carried extra significance.
HUNTINGTON Caumsett State Historic Park “Magic of Amore,” a magic show mixed with comedy and audience participation.
He has not played this well since he joined Newcastle, for nothing, two years ago.
But by the middle of this year that share had slipped to about 77 percent.
He declared that he was prepared “to sell apples on the street.” That proved unnecessary.
The report found signs that the rapid upward mobility long associated with new immigrants had stalled for the current generation of illegal immigrants.
Returning to United Press after a few months, he became one of the first reporters accredited to American forces with the outbreak of World War II.
Mr. Carey, who is known as Chase, previously held several posts at News Corporation, He is being sought to succeed Peter A. Chernin, the longtime president of News Corporation who is leaving at the end of June, the person briefed said.
At the Geffen Playhouse, 10886 Le Conte Avenue, Los Angeles; (213) 480-3232.
Mr. Mandanipour’s two central characters, Sara and Dara, are both virgins — she is 22, and he is 30-something — and naïve about courtship, never mind the mysteries of sex and love.
A cousin of Mr. Abdulmutallab in Abuja, the Nigerian capital, also said there was no sign of Islamic radicalism when he was growing up.
“What we are doing is making the guests more active rather than passive,” he said, adding that consumers were no longer content as simply “voyeurs.”
But even that feeling cannot last long, because the Hoyas play Monday at Notre Dame.
Still, the progress made in just a few years is remarkable.
The work's title is ''If I Paint Crowned I've Had It, Got Me,'' which conveys a certain fear of the effects of artistic success.
“Not unless we have to,” says Carmen Reinhart, a professor of economics at the University of Maryland and co-author of the new book “This Time Is Different: Eight Centuries of Financial Folly” (Princeton Press).
Pakistani authorities have obtained confessions from members of the Pakistani militant group Lashkar-e-Taiba that they were involved in the terrorist attacks in Mumbai in November that killed more than 160 people, a Pakistani official said.
This is me as Seinfeld doing the Bible , and I can go on like this forever, but won’t — partly because there might actually be a Yahweh and this is exactly the kind of stuff he’ll punish first, and partly because it’s been done better and more thoroughly than can ever be done by me in “Good Book,” in which David Plotz, the editor of Slate, reads the Hebrew Bible book by book, chapter by chapter, riffing as he goes.
“You would get sick standing next to the building,” said Arsheil Washington, another neighbor.
Last month a failed British government bond auction in London sparked some fear, but subsequent debt sales have been successful.
Soon, Stone Stanley Entertainment, the producer of “The Man Show,” hired Ms. Levy as an executive to develop new shows; a few years later, in 2005, she returned to the Viacom fold, this time at Spike.
Mr. Biden will go to Detroit, the auto industry capital, while Mr. Obama will make a repeat visit to Elkhart County, Ind., which bills itself as “the R.V.
Co. is the work, principally, of Jim Lahey, one of the city’s master bread makers.
On a call with analysts, Fifth Third executives declined to comment.
It was held together not by the church or the nobility but by a mercantile class that saw a parallel world in this coastal region on a new continent.
“And the ironic thing is, their device for pre-empting government involvement actually seems to have stimulated government involvement.”
Ultimately, China was protected when the Bush administration took over control of the housing lender in September, one of the government’s first steps to try to halt a broader financial implosion.
“At this time, no plans have been finalized with General Motors,” Rob Chesney, vice president of eBay Motors and Marketplaces, said in a statement.
In 17 minutes, it was history, won by Mr. DiGregorio.
When the bridge opened in 1955, it carried 18,000 cars a day, according to transportation officials.
Mr. Hanrahan was groomed by Mayor Richard J. Daley of Chicago for nearly a decade and was thought to be the mayor’s successor.
Do you have a staff?
Of course, May for the Mets was noted as much for injuries as for victories, and Pagan left the game in the fourth inning after a groin injury.
He still held a 3-1 lead.
“I can’t tell you how many times people called in and asked, ‘Why hasn’t he been calling?
“And not only was he on the plane, he was sitting in the seat that doesn’t recline, in front of the bathroom.” Rooney goes to Mass every morning, then commutes to the Steelers’ training facility on the South Side.
Just the way quarterback Drew Brees did Sunday afternoon as he passed for 369 yards and 4 touchdowns in the Saints ’ 48-27 victory.
Manuel turned to Madson in 11 of the Phillies’ 14 playoff games last season, usually as a bridge to Lidge.
Why They Stay: (CW) To me it’s family.
A client may have a pedicure or facial before entering a softly lighted space where a plastic surgeon performs laser Fraxel treatment or some other minimally invasive procedure that would cost twice as much in a harried doctor’s office.
PHOTOS: OUT THE DOOR OF THE McDONALD'S; A POSSIBLE ROUTE - THE SUBWAY ESCALATOR NEAR THE McDONALD'S; CHRISTIAN SOMEHOW GOT BY THE TURNSTILES AT THE MAIN STREET STATION; THE 7 TRAIN ARRIVES; THE 3-YEAR-OLD RODE ALONE THROUGH SEVEN STATIONS (PHOTOGRAPHS BY JOHN PARASKEVAS/NEWSDAY; KRISTEN LUCE FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)
Maybe someday they will, but until then we've filled the void.
Haynesworth received an injection to insert fluid in the knee, a procedure he said had become routine for him in recent years to help fight the wear and tear of training camp.
In Tennessee, Mr. Wilson is also proposing to discontinue the state-sponsored, one-day seminar about bond derivatives intended to explain the risk and benefits of the transactions to local officials.
A male juror sitting next to her handed her a red handkerchief that she used to wipe her eyes.
It could be co-chaired by Brent Scowcroft and John McCain , with its conclusions written by Philip Zelikow , a former aide to Condoleezza Rice who wrote the best-selling report of the 9/11 commission.
Nonetheless, cultural critics like Mr. Crawford say a change is afoot, driven by a kind of collective soul-searching, growing frustration with mind-numbing, abstract office work and disillusionment with corporate America.
But there is an electronic evolution of manners, with still-developing rules about when using social media is appropriate and when it isn’t.
Festival publicists told of receiving frightening phone calls in the middle of the night.
For seven years the Philharmonic, largely because of Mr. Maazel’s aloof leadership, absented itself from this national discourse.
But the company now has a proprietary generator that runs on a methane-like gas released by heating rice husks a certain way.
“The minute you enter into a relationship with a private collection, you have to make sure that it’s in ink that the stuff is coming to you,” said Maxwell Anderson, director of the Indianapolis Museum of Art.
With the signing of the Dodd amendment into law this week, it’s now Wall Street’s turn to sputter in anger.
This year, though, the commentary promises to carry a special bite, because Moscow will host the competition, similar to ''American Idol,'' in just under a month.
The change at U.S. News was especially sharp, as it moved toward consumer advice as a primary mission and went to monthly publication from weekly.
I guess Hunter was 3 for 7 with a homer.
OYSTER BAY Planting Fields Arboretum State Historic Park “Fabulous Fakes,” jewelry exhibition featuring works by Kenneth Jay Lane.
Had the Giants known the Eagles would isolate Westbrook against Pierce, Coughlin said, “you certainly wouldn’t have been in that coverage.” Perhaps Coughlin’s staff will have new plans Sunday, when the meeting of Pierce and Westbrook is just one of the intriguing aspects of this game between old rivals who are separated by about 95 miles.
The new rules, which take effect May 1, will also penalize fleet owners by lowering the amount they can charge to lease cabs that use more fuel and pollute more, like the Ford Crown Victoria, the most common type of taxi.
He had traded mortgage securities at Goldman Sachs in the 1980s and rose quickly through that investment bank’s ranks to become one of the youngest chief financial officers on Wall Street.
In a report released Thursday laying out a “flight plan” for developing pilotless systems, the Air Force also said it could eventually field swarms of drones to attack enemy targets.
“It’s a very important breakthrough,” said Mel Tenen, who oversees licensing agreements for the University of Miami, the first school to sever ties with Russell.
So perhaps it's no surprise that modern architects are having a field day at Rheinauhafen (www.rheinauhafen-koeln.de), a former dockyard along the Rhine being reclaimed for public use.
Lt. Gen. Stanley McChrystal, President Obama ’s choice to be the next military commander in Afghanistan , has defined America’s essential goals there in a way that represents an overdue change in military strategy.
Show Allen a pile of soil, fully composted or still slimy with banana peels, and he’s compelled to scoop some into his melon-size hands.
There are unresolved and overlapping territorial claims.
Hell, I just call them swampy, wooded-ass areas.” Meals on board are white-tableclothed affairs; however, these days the $22 flat iron steaks are served on plastic replicas of Amtrak’s former china.
“President Obama views the region as a whole, and trying to isolate each problem does not reflect reality,” said a senior American official, speaking on condition of anonymity because the American policy was still in formation.
The gear boxes, for example, are made in Texas and the gear switchers in Pennsylvania.
But whatever the government’s lawyer says on Monday will speak volumes about the administration’s views, Mr. Wizner said.
It’s been known at times to be like a frat house filled with freshmen away from their parents for the very first time.
The horses were part of the Venezuelan-based Lechuza Caracas team.
As the project achieved firmer footing in the earlier part of the decade, Mr. Hammond began drawing a salary, the organization’s tax filings show.
Given the excitement in Washington this week, one would think that with inauguration of Barack Obama — and the departure of George W. Bush — the economy is about to spring back to life, the troops are all on their way home from Iraq , there will be health care coverage for all and, to quote a certain Obama foe turned Obama Secretary of State , “celestial choirs will be singing and everyone will know we should do the right thing and the world will be perfect.” But as Mr. Obama takes the oath of office, there is evidence that, as enthusiastic as the public is about the change in power, there are no expectations of quick fixes.
There was Petit’s own memoir about the walk, “To Reach the Clouds,” as well as a memorable New Yorker cover on the fifth anniversary of the attacks and an Oscar-winning documentary, “Man on Wire.” Now Colum McCann has repurposed Petit’s daring act as the leitmotif for “Let the Great World Spin,” one of the most electric, profound novels I have read in years.
“We will be a ubiquitous service,” he said.
Interestingly, the Bulgarian government had tried to remove Overgas from the gas supply chain between Russia and Bulgaria last February after the country faced blackouts because of the Russia-Ukraine gas dispute.
A PUBLIC PLAN The final legislation might throw a public plan into the competition, but thanks to the fierce opposition of the insurance industry and Republican critics, it might not save much money.
If your neighborhood is anything like mine, the streets are dotted with empty stores, victims in many cases of rapacious landlords who, with City Hall’s tacit blessing, jacked up rents to unsustainable levels.
Instead they went directly to the deep end with two new Chiffre Rouge diving watches.
Abigail Johnson, a teacher at Harlem Success Academy 3, said she had asked her students a few days before how many had ever held a pumpkin.
And so it is fair to prohibit smokers from harming others with their carcinogenic tobacco smoke.
What we know for sure is, the BlackBerry founder, Jim Balsillie, no longer has any shot at moving the Coyotes to Hamilton (a city that actually wanted them), Wayne Gretzky is still not their coach, although the judge did frown on the N.H.L.’s plan not to honor his contract, and they will finish in last place.
They have appealed to Utah’s Congressional delegation, the home state delegations of the banks’ parent companies, and Congressional and committee leaders.
“He treated people with a lot of respect, and worked hard, and loved his family,” said Kathy Dawkins, a department spokesperson.
It resurfaced on Wednesday night at Rose Live Music in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, drawing largely from the album.
(Ages 3 and up) A mysteriously popular subject for picture books, “the old lady who swallowed a fly” has never looked creepier or more inviting than in this striking book shaped like a slim tie-box.
Santuzza, a young peasant woman whom Turiddu has seduced in revenge for Lola’s marriage, is determined to claim him.
THE quince hedge was already covered with salmon-pink flowers the day Lawrence Griffith, the curator of plants at Colonial Williamsburg, planted 19 varieties of heirloom flowers from seed.
“The City wants Labour out, but there is trepidation.
KAMENS--Mary, age 95, died peacefully in her sleep on Jan 16.
He soon had $11,000 in donations, and 400 volunteers offering materials and labor.
His publisher thought he was nuts.
Doesn’t all this nonshopping irk mall operators?
The moral, Mickenberg and Nel infer, is that “justice is best served by a system that is not defined by the strict and inflexible administration of a legal code.” Also, that children should not go hungry.
LIKE a roller coaster freed from its tracks, the double-length Karosa bus shook and dipped as the Bohemian countryside — beech forests, duck ponds and scrubby hills — spilled past our windows.
But the smoked fish business, and customers’ appreciation for local cuisine, have let them stay put in a friendly area where people out for a stroll regularly wave to passing motorists.
The two groups hurled insults — each calling the other racists and terrorists — but mostly kept their distance.
For two decades, at almost every step of his career, he figured out a way to make more money.
to write the multisector credit-default swaps which sowed the seeds for A.I.G.’s troubles,” the company said, referring to the financial products unit.
He had never met her, nor did he know that the design he had submitted to Mrs. Obama, last November, was being seriously considered.
Besides such popular products as K-Y jelly, Ms. Wingart and Ms. Kantrowitz suggest several longer-lasting products that have an adhesive quality, including Replens, K-Y Long-Lasting Vaginal Moisturizer and Astroglide Silken Secret.
She made her husband, Dan, the principal owner of the Washington Redskins , feel the lump.
— that feels like a betrayal.
“He was one of a group of pitchers that we’ve been looking into to fill a starting spot, but we’ve also felt that there are other guys out there who we like,” Omar Minaya, the Mets’ general manager, said about Lowe on Tuesday night.
Seven people have been killed in the fighting.
When they decided to get married, Ms. Matthew needed identification documents.
At first, the artists paid scant attention and, as a result, Kuniyoshi and five of his fellow artists were hauled up in 1843 before the magistrate in charge.
To get to dinner, I take buses and street cars.
INSIDE PITCH Catcher Jorge Posada, who missed 22 games with a strained right hamstring, returned and had two hits.
The international superstars were mostly magical: Wu Man on pipa (Chinese lute), Wu Tong on sheng (Chinese mouth organ) and Kojiro Umezaki on shakuhachi (Japanese bamboo flute) on both evenings; Sandeep Das on tabla (Indian drums) and Dong-Won Kim, a Korean vocalist, on Saturday.
Marqu?de Riscal has always been an experimental producer.
He was charged with assault and harassment for punching and kicking a female domestic partner and pushing her head into a wall, according to a criminal complaint.
Each consists of recordings of seven people reciting the days of the week and the equipment necessary to make them heard, either in English (“Days”) or Italian (“Giorni”).
I didn’t expect that they would let me go like that, but business is business.” The Yankees believed they had right field covered with Xavier Nady and Nick Swisher, a younger and similarly patient left-handed hitter obtained in a November trade.
Her mother is a docent at the Boston Athenaeum.
“It’s happening every day as we stand here, families are being affected by it.
In fact, the endorsement, delivered before a towering concrete-and-barbed-wire separation barrier, appeared to be one instance in which he effectively used the symbolism that the landscape offered.
Women and doctors have pretty much ignored the findings.
A printed design achieved its bounce through the weight of a hem of pink satin-ribbon.
Far fewer people — 25 percent — wanted troop levels increased, compared with 39 percent in April.
is wrestling with the Celtics’ latest drama, death threats to Tony Allen , as well as unexpected burp in the Lakers’ predicted cruise to the Finals.
Then they struck gold again by collecting $822,000 in farm subsidies for their 44,000 acres, where they employ local farmers to cultivate crops.
I had many happy memories of Hudson's and eating chicken pot pies, and of Sanders's hot fudge sundaes.
Was he there as someone who knew what it was like to watch a parent murdered, or had he crossed over and become one of the executioners?
The plan would make boarding faster, both supporters and opponents said in interviews Tuesday.
He speaks Serbo-Croatian, German and English.
The process, in their view, is fundamentally unfair.
The message board at fordhamfans.com has also been filled with frustration, mostly blaming Whittenburg and Frank McLaughlin, the executive director of athletics.
CHART: MONDAY AT THE UNITED STATES OPEN: Play begins on all courts at 11 a.m. Eastern.
But for the most part, they say, immediate needs are being met, and some villages, like Nauk Pyan Toe, are in very good shape.
“Why are we, as mothers, so disturbed by this story?
What is not mentioned, however, is how the caretakers of these traumatized soldiers also become traumatized — what we call vicarious traumatization, which can be just as devastating as the P.T.S.D.
Page A23 YELLOW IS THE NEW GREEN The way we dispose of sewage wastes energy and pollutes the water, writes Rose George, the author of ''The Big Necessity,'' in an Op-Ed article.
Workers who have wrestled with their decision to stay say it is not an easy choice.
The election, only the second national vote since the fall of Saddam Hussein, will be a crucial step toward popular sovereignty and stability in Iraq.
The company appears to be most concerned about rules that might force it to eliminate certain of its restrictions that limit how much data wireless customers can use.
Graveside services to follow at Mt.
John pulled on the balaclava, climbed into the boat and returned to camp.
There was something romantic about them.” The mutual good will was fleeting.
This might require United States military support as intermediaries in politically sensitive areas like Kirkuk.
It is time for Congress and the wireless phone industry to take highway safety a step beyond seat belts and air bags.
For now, the Yankees have a rotation of Sabathia, Burnett, Pettitte, Chamberlain and Hughes, with Chad Gaudin and Alfredo Aceves as insurance.
Clusters can crawl and turn -- motions that are powered by a motor within each module.
“Migrant kids have new bikes and the latest mobile phones.” Economists warn that the benefits of working abroad may prove short-lived, especially if the global economic downturn forces workers to return home to an economy that can no longer absorb them.
It did, for a 75-yard touchdown, the Saints’ longest play from scrimmage this season, and it gave the Saints a 17-7 lead.
When Bonds testified before a federal grand jury in 2003, he was presented with some of the calendars that the government had seized from Anderson’s home.
Yes, at an elevation of 7,000 feet, Santa Fe gets cold on winter nights, and the average winter high is 40 degrees, but it’s almost always sunny, and the blue sky overhead intensifies the brightness of the ubiquitous turquoise and terra-cotta palette.
My therapist, a modern Freudian analyst whom I had been seeing for years and who had always struck me as only vaguely persuaded of the efficacy of medication for what ailed me — when I once experienced some bad side effects, he proposed that I consider going off all my pills just to see how I would fare, and after doing so I plummeted — had suddenly, in the last 10 days before I went into the hospital, become a cheerleader for undergoing ECT.
Club members serve Thanksgiving dinner to the needy and prepare Christmas baskets for struggling families.
But there are other ways to control pests — more diversity in crop production and rotation, for instance — besides chemicals.
The tenant on the upper floor slept through the attack, and the other man was out of town, the police and neighbors said.
Since most straying from marriage vows includes sex but does not always include love, men find it more threatening when women cheat than vice versa (which may well explain why they’ve invented a word for when it happens to men).
“I think that a lot of people care about space a little bit,” said Bob Werb, chairman of the Space Frontier Foundation , an organization that advocates the settlement of space.
Other possible partners for Mitsubishi have included BMW, which ruled itself out; Fiat, with whom a deal faced political obstacles; Ford and GM.
They told Milangela that they wanted $500,000 and that if they did not get the money, or if the police or the news media were notified, they would kill Yorvit Jr. and his two uncles, who were also taken at gunpoint as they drove him to school.
“That doesn’t bode well for 100 little harbors up and down the coast of Maine.” If Ms. Bean knows she has detractors, she does not say so.
He saw active duty in Saipan and Okinawa and received an honorable discharge in 1945.
A cursory look at the place would reveal that it is far away in distance, culture, history and terrain from the Mississippi Delta.
The bride’s mother, who lived in Bozeman, Mont., was an author who wrote “You Are Not Alone: Words of Experience and Hope for the Journey Through Depression.” Her stepmother is the chairwoman of the Heinz Family Philanthropies in Pittsburgh.
The play, set in Chicago in 1938, is probably intended as an exposé of the exploitation, sexual and otherwise, of unsuspecting women by predatory males.
Ask your real estate agent about builders; he or she probably knows people who have recently built houses.
The Rams' leading receiver, Laurent Robinson, is out for the season with multiple injuries to his right leg, safety James Butler might miss a month with a sprained left knee and linebacker David Vobora has a concussion.
The Utes scored 27 straight points to win their ninth straight bowl game, the longest current streak.
Leonardo, a former Brazil midfielder who is a year younger than Maldini, has no coaching experience.
“I don’t know whose idea that was.
Hence the remarkable drawing he did in 1969 of Ludwig Wittgenstein, slyly kicking away an academic cap.
Devoted and adoring husband to the late Leah Kurzer for 63 years.
Funeral Service at Holy Cross Greek Orthodox Church, Brooklyn, May 4, 11am.
Her lawyer, Jeffrey T. Karp, said the letter referred to information the Harvard University Police Department said it had obtained about wrongdoing committed by Ms. Campbell in connection with the events of May 18.
So what is good for stability and democracy is not necessarily good for progress.
In 2004, the Department of Homeland Security, which represents the government in immigration cases, argued for the first time in favor of asylum for Ms. Alvarado.
Mr. Morgenthau said this inquiry began when a Bovis financial official who had been fired wrote a letter to David Crawford, chairman of Bovis’s parent company in Australia, detailing a series of allegations concerning bribery and overbilling.
The most egregious humiliation came in a major 1963 race in Jacksonville, Fla. Scott won by two laps, even beating Richard Petty.
Daughter to the late Sue and Wing Mark, Cynthia graduated with a B.A.
The message might be the equivalent of, “Are you sure you want to run the dishwasher now?
If anything, you might say we were anti pop artists.” There’s some cognitive dissonance in “Painting Below Zero,” a type of mental static that has always run under the surface of Mr. Rosenquist’s work.
9 P.M. (Syfy) HIGH PLAINS INVADERS (2009) James Marsters brings out both barrels to play an Old West outlaw who is spared from execution when a mining town is invaded by enormous, insectlike aliens.
Paul P. Martin, a lawyer who represents Detective Cooper, said his client was doing “administrative duties” in the Bronx.
The official, Julian Aristides González, a retired general who planned to leave his post in two months, had told reporters at a news conference Monday that drug trafficking had been increasing in Honduras and pointed to a number of landing strips that authorities said were being used for drug trafficking.
“In the last 12 months, we’ve seen deleveraging in the whole aircraft market,” Mr. Dichter said.
FOR a half-Norwegian guy from Long Island , Bill Barich knows a thing or two about Irish pubs.
Restaurateurs and real estate brokers estimate that only a handful exist, and to get in you have to be — or be the guest of — a resident of that building.
Sabathia’s hit was not surprising because he has a .261 career average, with three homers.
The chief prosecutor at Nuremberg, Robert H. Jackson, said: “We must never forget that the record on which we judge these defendants is the record on which history will judge us tomorrow.
“I said, ‘This reminds me of something,’ ” he recalled.
With LifeSize’s technology, Logitech aims to “make lifelike, HD-quality video communication as mainstream and seamless as a telephone,” said Gerald P. Quindlen, Logitech’s chief executive.
But late-round pressure in Grand Slam events remains the truest test of any shot, and though Dementieva’s big groundstrokes were certainly a match for Williams’s, her serve betrayed her once more at critical phases of this intense match in which games routinely dragged to multiple deuces.
Like many other cities, Philadelphia has been struggling to meet a legal requirement to balance its budget.
Eventually tear gas would invade that sanctuary, as antiwar protests became more militant and desperate.
However, a patrolman pointed out skid marks from Ms. Rupp’s vehicle in the photos, and Mr. Olsen said he discovered that the images had actually been shot by a state highway worker — after the accident had been cleared and the lane closure corrected.
What does that make the Jets’ defense?
Jake Lively Sacramento To the Sports Editor: Meb Keflezighi embodies all that is American.
Jim Connell Haverstraw, N.Y., Feb. 20, 2009
“The data suggests a disturbing trend towards racial profiling by the New Jersey police,” said Bassina Farbenblum, a lawyer with the law school’s Center for Social Justice, which gathered details of 68 cases over the past nine months in which people were questioned about their immigration status for no apparent reason, or after minor infractions, like rolling through a stop sign.
Anti-New Deal rhetoric has never disappeared from American political life.
Strategic decisions have to be made, and Kidder seems to make all the right ones, first taking readers for a flashback to Burundi, showing the rural landscape where Deo’s family farmed and tended cows, and the grandfather who told him he would get his first cow only “when you finish school” — all of it, surely, a world that would be washed away.
4 with 47,000, barely 100 more than Eminem’s “Relapse” (Interscope).
Good luck, though, talking Mr. Sharp and his retinue into cutting anything.
And make a good potato salad, one with some crunch, maybe accompanied by a fried drumstick with crackly skin — the humble potato and the stupid chicken, ennobled by diligent cooking — and is this not the meaning of America, to take what is common and enable it to become beautiful?
Each side will own about 50 percent of the combined company, which will be called Live Nation Entertainment.
And it is preparing to introduce a line of clothing designed by Isaac Mizrahi.
First, it is a hindrance to negotiations for the simple reason that the Palestinians won’t accept it.
if he is still withholding any secrets, then, knowing his nature, there is only one way to force him to confess: by threatening his wife, and, even more, his children.
These people find prescribed salt restriction difficult, particularly in harsh economic times, when many must increase their proportionate intake of cheaper (but, alas, salted) processed foods.
In 2006, a neighbor called 911 to complain that Mr. Garrido had a “sexual addiction” and there were children living in his backyard.
GREENWICH Flinn Gallery “Nathan Sawaya: An Intimate Perspective,” sculptures made from Lego bricks.
I was average in studies.
This is only Indonesia’s third free and fair election since General Suharto resigned in 1998, but April’s election, along with those in 1999 and 2004, have proven to skeptics that democracy can be practiced here, in the world’s largest Muslim nation.
The 10-room inn was built as a private home in 1790 and over the years has been a hotel, bar and apartments.
insisted that it did not need to raise new equity.
Bush later awarded George a Presidential Citizens Medal.
In June, the total stood at 839 kilograms, or 1,850 pounds.
More than 300 people showed up at their post-closing celebration at the Kane Street Synagogue, including Marty Markowitz, the Brooklyn borough president; Charles J. Hynes, the Brooklyn district attorney; and Bill de Blasio, now the public advocate-elect.
Most of all there's the coffee.
The band’s CMJ blitz guarantees added recognition as Surfer Blood stays on the road for the next month and beyond.
Every week, the chain donates about $3 million to different charities.
“We believe negotiations should be private,” Mathis told me.
The article’s sweeping allegations seem even more puzzling now, analysts say, because it came just days before the government decided not to pursue charges of spying.
Round-trip flights from Sydney for next April are available for $697, according to a recent online search.
He told civil servants and schoolchildren to stay home on Monday in a show of solidarity.
“That’s one of the greatest things about working in TV,” he said in a low deadpan.
The times demand sacrifices on “some worthy priorities” by Republicans and Democrats alike, Mr. Obama said.
The swingman Edwin Ubiles air-balled a free throw.
And that’s pretty much what we have today.” But critics say many of the indicators that were eliminated were important measures of the city’s performance — and said they were surprised that statistics were pared under a mayor who believes that quantitative measurements are crucial to solving problems.
If there were leaves on the trees, they would show where the wind lies, turning slightly in the way I might quote a poet to describe.
But there is one topic that Mr. Aborn seems uncomfortable discussing: his personal life.
“This is the first I’ve heard of this,” he said.
In his later years, he became America’s foremost cultural ambassador, met by rapturous admirers wherever he went.
Nicolas Anelka struck the winner.
He was an Ardent socialist all his life and was affiliated with the Independent Social League, Solidarity and the Socialist Party USA.
This led to two scuffles between them on later plays.
In addition to Highsmith’s many novels, both published and unpublished (with “The Talented Mr. Ripley” another of her best-known works), there are the 38 identical-looking notebooks that Highsmith called “cahiers” and referred to as “comfortable personal outgushings.” There are also separate diaries, which Highsmith called “exercise books in languages I do not know.” There are charts, maps, diagrams and plans, some of them reprinted here and used to quantify and analyze even the most human-seeming aspects of Highsmith’s life.
He graduated from Trinity College in Hartford and received a master’s in science from the London School of Economics.
Allies of Judge Sotomayor, who was the junior judge on the panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, correctly point out that the Second Circuit often decides even significant cases with summary orders that adopt the reasoning of the lower court.
We need not look as far back as Nuremberg.
Now the crates are coming to the residential moving market, thanks to consumers’ desire for options they see as both convenient and environmentally responsible, and to the cost of cardboard boxes (which has remained high in many areas in spite of a recent collapse in the cost of the recycled cardboard from which most are partly made).
Like many of Mr. Frank’s pictures, it isn’t about an event but about an uncertain moment between events, when emotional guards are down, and dark feelings can flow in.
That would be a good start, but Congress should look for other ways to prod states to provide adequate benefits to their neediest residents.
But he is, and his .927 save percentage is tops among the goalies still playing.
It is pink and made of plaster -- a boyfriend gave it to you years ago as a gag gift.
Since 1980, spending has been authorized at $900 million annually — split evenly between federal and state projects — but actual appropriations have been much smaller.
Sarah, who was once a blazingly confident media darling, came across as aggrieved, paranoid and press-loathing in her new role as bizarre babe-at-large, a Nixon with hair extensions ranting about “American apologetics,” which sounds like a cross between apologists and Dianetics.
Beef Products acknowledged lowering the alkalinity, and the U.S.D.A.
“But I wanted to balance that with a pretty genuine love of very private meaning,” she said, adding that most of the things put up for sale are “those kinds of things that mean everything to the person who owned them and nothing to anyone else.” Ms. Shapton recruited two of her friends, Sheila Heti, a Toronto fiction writer, and Paul Sahre, a graphic designer who does work for The Times, to stand in for the fictional characters, posing elegantly together in pictures at fake parties and laughing arm in arm in various locations where Ms. Shapton shot them last summer as she pieced the story together.
A store manager, Bill Offenbaker, bought the store, which was then sold to Larry Lingle in 1996.
Survived by sister Sylvia Pawigon.
It is a state of mind that Orman is obviously unfamiliar with herself.
At a library run by Ms. Knapp, she said there was a complaint from a member of her own staff about Alan Moore's ''Lost Girls,'' for sexual explicitness.
In addition to his brother, Sean, of Belmont, Mass., he is survived by his wife, Susanne Rasmussen; his daughters Pia, of Cambridge, and Gillian, of Brooklyn; and two grandchildren.
The shift will allow Manuel to start the left-handed Cliff Lee, the Game 1 complete-game winner, in Game 4, and place Martinez in the bullpen.
After the call, Rivera was content.
In fact, she said, she was gravely ill. She was hospitalized with what turned out to be Type 1 diabetes .
His seal starter is marinated in wine, spices and herbs, and is served with caramelized onions.
As her music career waned, she took a job with the telephone company and became a minister at the Gates of Prayer Church in Harlem.
The photo shoot of Air Force One soaring above the Statue of Liberty cost taxpayers $328,835.
Zetterberg has outplayed Crosby, compiling two goals, four assists and a plus-3 mark versus Crosby’s goal, two assists and minus-3.
The couple focused on the far Upper East Side, where their money seemed to go further.
I played for them streaming video, and they said: ‘Is it a radio?
“Like when you get a dog and you keep him until he dies.” “He bit my arms, legs and face,” she adds.
“This is going to be a genuine conference with give and take,” Mr. Waxman said.
From the rooftop playground there is a soaring view of the Manhattan Bridge, just to the east.
The effect is almost industrial, like the interior of a guerrilla warehouse art gallery.
His autographed photo, with Robin Ventura gripped in his headlock, hangs in the home clubhouse.
Enrique is privileged, self-pitying — how he mourns those novels that never sold.
He is a son of Debbie Gibber and Elliot P. Gibber of Manhattan.
This means establishing strict accountability mechanisms for high officials in the districts and provinces as well as in the ministries and directorates in Kabul.
The game and possibly the season for the Magic unraveled in an incriminating few minutes Tuesday night, when Orlando’s attempt to execute its offense turned into an excruciating indictment.
By shutting weakened institutions before their losses grew, prompt corrective action was also seen as less costly to taxpayers and the deposit insurance fund.
You would think he was a black guy, to have the soul that he’s bringing to the table like that, but to find out no, it’s even more incredible.
In a prologue so carefully constructed it could satisfy as a short story, we view that long-ago tragedy through the eyes of a teenager earning his college tuition by cleaning up crime scenes.
It appeared gray in the yellow street light, like rancid steak.
Mark Green , who held the job from 1994 to 2001, is the favorite, because of his name recognition.
“It wasn’t perfect,” said Mondale.
And at dinner, follow the locals to Hernando’s Pizza and Pasta Pub (78199 U.S. Highway 40; 970-726-5409; www.hernandospizzapub.com ), which has been around for four decades.
And Mr. Rice has managed to court, or even charm, the entertainment press while largely steering clear of the gossip columns and Web sites that chronicle the movements of Hollywood executives as a contact sport.
Mr. Christie, a Republican, has blasted Governor Corzine and his fellow Democrats for increasing public spending by $35 billion beyond the rate of inflation over the past eight years and has listed a handful of cuts he would enact, including $185 million a year by denying state health care benefits to ineligible recipients and $250 million in annual overtime costs.
The next day changed all that.
You treat the patient.” Other infielders had hip operations this winter, including Red Sox third baseman Mike Lowell and Phillies second baseman Chase Utley.
But rush hour is grueling and leads people to shed their polite facade.
Ms. Fennebresque, who now works in Charlotte, N.C., as a freelance interior decorator, had an office on the first floor of Mrs. Astor’s duplex.
“If these guys can get out there, feel comfortable talking to new people, and not get frustrated, then it’s really going to help them integrate,” Mr. Cann said.
I’m willing to take that risk.” Armstrong confirmed that Don Catlin, the American antidoping expert he recruited to test him independently this season, had begun his program with him in Adelaide.
“At the very least,” she said, “wearing a fragrance enhanced with pheromones makes for delicious cocktail conversation.”
“I will do whatever is required to keep the American people safe,” Mr. Obama said.
He says that there have been no true intellectuals in France since the 18th century.
That deal would allow Microsoft to become a bigger player in online advertising -- a market currently dominated by Google.
Lance Robinson, regional director for the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department, said the state had begun to restore the reefs on the east side of the bay, where 80 percent were destroyed.
“He taught me that the human spirit can transcend any affliction,” said Chris Pendergast, a former schoolteacher in Miller Place, N.Y., who has battled A.L.S.
Clearly, not every component of every dish is perfect.
In 1960, the press descended on the hotel when Fidel Castro checked in.
As comptroller, I will change that.
Now Mr. Simkin is suing Ms. Blank for the $2.7 million that he said he paid her.
But Mr. Kasab denied this, saying he still trusted his lawyer, S. G. Abbas Kazmi.
“You’re going to get sad about it and crawl into a corner, or you’re going to step up.
Nuns Facing Vatican Scrutiny” (front page, July 2): Cardinal Franc Rodé, a Vatican official, didn’t like what he saw when he visited the United States.
The World Series champions made it less than a half-hour into their new season Sunday night before being booed.
And to do that, he needed a road from the upper part of settled New York — what is now Midtown Manhattan — to where the racetrack was.” There was a catch: West Farms, where the track was, and Morrisania, which would share the road, could not afford the improvement.
In this case there is a clear connection between life and art.
Executives at McDonald’s say they remain bullish on the McCafe plan, and so does Mr. Hullings.
Soon after, Tatsunori Hara of the Yomiuri Giants emerged as manager.
The savory sandwiches, which change periodically, are careful compositions of bright and brawny flavors.
After studying at a missionary school, he enrolled at Merton College, Oxford, in 1934 to study classical languages and literature.
“To be sure, I am a beneficiary of Roz’s immense generosity, but our friendship, and more important, the soul that is Roz’s kindness to me, has never impinged on my sense of freedom.” The women have no legal or written agreement governing their living situation, an arrangement that some people would find unnerving and others would not accept for its lack of guarantees.
Last week, she called on Minnesota ’s governor to appoint a special investigator here to look into Acorn , the Democratic-leaning community group under fire nationally.
But it is Alexi Giannoulias, the Democratic state treasurer, who is being assisted in his fund-raising by the former head of Mr. Obama’s presidential fund-raising staff, Jordan Kaplan.
The second tradition, which was concentrated in Suzhou and known as the Wu school, continued and elaborated on the self-expressive, improvisatory art practiced by Yuan scholars, and its artists followed the lead of their predecessors in keeping their distance from the centers of imperial power.
And at Fendi, Karl Lagerfeld introduced the Peek-a-Boo bag, a one-handled satchel woven from thick ropes of raffia.
But on Wednesday, Mr. Cowen held a news conference to say, “At a time of major economic challenge, what we need is stability and certainty in the direction which Europe is taking.” At a polling station in central Dublin, Elizabeth McDermott, a home health-care worker, said she had voted no to protest the government’s failed policies.
The kitchen harked back to the 1980s, so they replaced the white laminate with granite counters and hardwood cherry cabinets, and bought stainless-steel appliances.
“Their relationship had nothing to do with sexual orientation; it was based on mutual affection and respect.” Ms. Whiting survives him.
Opens on Friday in Manhattan.
By the close of the War of 1812, which Wood labels the “strangest” but “one of the most important” conflicts in American history, anyone 40 or older had been a subject of King George III, whereas anyone younger — a staggering 85 percent of the population — had been born a republican citizen.
That also topped Wall Street’s estimate for $9.92 billion in revenue.
Liz Claiborne — the apparel company that owns brands including Kate Spade, Juicy Couture, Lucky Brand and Mexx — also urged investors to adopt more realistic expectations.
We want it to stop.
Ms. Thorson, a Minneapolis choreographer, is intriguingly single-minded but not always successful in her ritualized exploration of ideas about worship and the sublime, unusually devoid of irony or meta-commentary.
Like many of the prominent engineers of his day, Mr. Shepherd demonstrated a precocious gift for electronics.
“You go through the turnstiles, and all of a sudden you don’t have the pregame coverage,” Mr. Kerschbaumer said.
“They won’t let me do my own shopping,” he said.
The seized chemical tanker, the Theresa, registered in the Virgin Islands and operated from Singapore, had been heading for the Kenyan port of Mombasa when it was hijacked Monday in the south Somali basin, about 208 miles northwest of the Seychelles, the European Union's naval force said on its Web site.
“It was a different time then,” said the mayor, implying he is in a tougher fight.
Mr. Shi enjoyed the spotlight, performing in public as an opera singer, but disliked talking about his romance with Mr. Boursicot, particularly the sexual specifics.
Last year, we threw out Republicans again.
“We should find out how many old, cold brown dwarfs are out there,” Dr. Wright said.
General Turki said that the authorities were aware of plans by Islamic militants to kill government officials and religious figures, but that the bombing provided a warning to be vigilant.
Mrs. Arroyo’s critics, including legislators and civil libertarians, say she overstepped constitutional bounds when she put Maguindanao Province under martial law Friday.
The best times because you were always around family.
He dreamed of becoming a factory boss.
On Monday, the police arrested Ms. Kabwela, charging her under Section 177 [1A] of the penal code: distributing obscene materials in order to corrupt the morals of society.
He told of the wonder of suddenly being aware that “there was a new life in your house,” and of how he checked on the baby “every five minutes” to know that she was still breathing.
And just as the complex theater of her constantly evolving persona is usually reduced to the early primitivist roles she played in the Revue Nègre and at the Folies-Bergère, her name is also being used as shorthand for the Africanesque glamour seen all over the European runways.
Those issues could be interrelated; a loss of power could set off a catastrophic cascade of events.
“Yes, I’m back in it, but with discrimination and focus,” Mr. Blades said this week over lunch at a Cuban-Chinese restaurant on the Upper West Side that he has frequented since the mid-1970s, when he experienced his first success as a salsa star with “Pablo Pueblo,” “Pedro Navaja” and other socially conscious songs.
if I call you ‘Barbara’?” Sure, she told him.
Infuriated authorities threatened to reduce copies of the magazine to pulp, according to Mr. Du’s daughter, Du Mingming.
If we have something that we think will taste good, we’ll add it.” Dominio also makes whites, including a fresh, lively Lapola, made of four different white grapes, and the extraordinary creamy, waxy Lapena, made entirely of the godello grape.
He is going to demand a challenge.
In Scotland, vandals smashed at least three windows on the ground floor of Mr. Goodwin’s house in an affluent suburb of Edinburgh and damaged a black Mercedes S600 parked in the driveway.
Over the past 10 years, lawyers and citizens have actively used the space opened by legal reforms to challenge a range of local government actions.
Bars were filled on Thursday night with local fans watching the Memphis Tigers, and when they lost to Missouri, the deflated spirits were palpable.
European pride would be wounded, and the reputation of the region’s defense industry would be badly damaged.
When Oscar protests that he believes in God as much as he believes in Santa Claus, she says: “Make him exist.
“Unless we deal with the problems of poverty in underserved areas, health care will be expensive in urban areas.” The study was so important to the fiscally conservative Blue Dog Democrats that they made it a condition of their support for the public option health insurance plan.
She was identified early by International Management Group, like Sharapova.
“We’re all old folk and thankful to have young people come help us,” said Hitoshi Suzuki, 57, and head of a cooperative of family farms that share equipment to reduce overhead costs.
Neil Simon Theater, 250 West 52nd Street , (212) 307-4100, ticketmaster.com .
Google’s library would be searchable online, and users would have free access to 20 percent of the text in each book.
Unfortunately, he says, “identity may be at the root of a problem that is misdiagnosed as an operational or strategic issue.” Ideally, a strong identity provides continuity and consistency, allowing a business to prioritize opportunities efficiently.
Working with a cumbersome four- by five-inch viewfinder camera, Ms. Hofer (pronounced HOE-fer) photographed her subjects on location but favored carefully composed scenes with a still, timeless aura.
''Venue still to be determined.''
In Sunnyvale, California, for example, Rosum Corp., a nine-year-old technology company that developed a method for pinpointing the physical location of mobile devices with the aid of television broadcast signals in dense urban areas, is vigorously protecting its investment.
In 2007 she was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize but lost to Al Gore.
Public work: NO private life.” Carl Niehaus, a spokesman for Mr. Motlanthe’s political party, the African National Congress , takes the view that the story is an invasion of privacy.
The Sullenbergers, who have lived in Danville for 13 years, were clearly touched by the reception they received.
Her father (whose wife, Mildred, died in 1994) transferred the trademark out of gratitude to the school.
It reminded me of a time when I was in college and got a summer temp job at the purchasing department of a widget factory in Brooklyn .
He calmly observed that it did not apply to his own theory of sets, which evolved into the present-day foundation of mathematics.
Rather than taking controlling positions in many midsize banks, the government could take smaller stakes (or none at all) in fewer, larger banks that in turn use the capital to buy troubled rivals.
''Then it didn't snow for another six or seven winters, and boy, we were hurting.''
“No photos, no video clips, no in-depth reports,” read the memo, which instructed all media outlets to use only Xinhua dispatches.
At the age of 88, Larry was still very much involved in the management and oversight of the RRI's operations and took great pride in its work for public good and rapid growth.
“There is a lot more legwork that needs to be done before we draw any conclusions,” Ms. Hawkins said.
The company said it had also decided to stop using what it has called “spending patterns” as a criteria in its credit line reductions.
“The person has to start whispering to their client.” The employee-actors have come of age on the Internet, but they nevertheless value the exposure that television can offer.
“He made some very tough decisions that pulled us away” from a new Great Depression .
In 2007, the unit accounted for around 10 percent of Citi’s $3.6 billion of profit — a significant piece even though the bank’s earnings that year were depleted by losses on collateralized debt obligations .
The judge found them guilty of vandalism and sentenced them to one year in prison followed by two years of probation.
George Lansbury, Labor leader, opposing the bill, said he had not heard a scrap of evidence that the bill was necessary.
Among the main dishes, the runaway favorite was the crisp roasted half of Long Island duck with brown rice, walnuts and scallions.
Any criticism of it by his political opponents in the United States amounts to nothing but sour grapes and a sad attempt to deny their own disastrous failure of the last eight years.
Mr. Cameron does love his toys.
Charter member of the Rotary Club of Chinatown.
All 12 experienced switching between the two odors, with no pattern as to when and how often they switched.
We believe [through] the majority of party members, the conscience of the majority of the people, the issue will be solved properly.
“You’ve got to have adaptability,” Jordan said of today’s coaches.
Underwater, the river was like ink.
In a sense, the agency is bulking up and giving as many loans as it can to qualified buyers as a way to diminish the relative size of the pool of problem loans.
Donations in her name may be made to the Great Neck Public Library, (516) 466-8055.
is unlikely to provide one soon.
Otherwise, why not be content with civil unions?
The killing of so many recruits at the beginning of the program will discourage good candidates in the future, said Sher Mohammed, a lawyer from Mingora.
Is Israel just a nation among nations?
Residents here recognize the primacy of Mr. Leong.
On the grounds are a tennis court, a swimming pool and an assortment of huts and hutches where Ms. Baker raised chickens, rabbits, goats and ducks, to keep company with her pet black cheetah, Chiquita, whose cage still sits by the swimming pool, and Ethel, her chimpanzee.
¿Por Qué No?, 3524 North Mississippi Avenue; (503) 467-4149; www.porquenotacos.com .
But sweet tea loyalists question whether the distillery’s luck will repeat itself.
There’s something a little weird about it, maybe because he’s Mexican-American and from Detroit, but it works really well.
Since the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , many posts have taken on an emphasis of fighting terrorism and other less conventional threats.
When Blackbird , his first restaurant, opened 12 years ago, it presaged Chicago’s rebirth as one of the planet’s most dynamic restaurant cities — a promise fulfilled by restaurants like Alinea , Schwa and L20.
“Nothing is worse than watching a parent die slowly for seven years and body-bagging your mother,” she said.
As the violence worsened in 2001 and Israeli settlers became targets, he shrugged off the warnings of friends and family members that he was risking his life; he insisted that his American citizenship, familiarity with Arabic and many Palestinian friends would protect him.
... I’m wondering if President Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton aren’t those students, trying to deal with the leaders of Pakistan , Afghanistan , Iran and North Korea .
tournament when they face sixth-seeded U.C.L.A.
And perhaps most shockingly, the company said earlier this year that it would consider acquisition offers, something that was believed to be unthinkable while Mr. Hefner was still alive.
“I think it would be very surprising if, at a point when she’s trying to launch something new, she walks away from something that gives her a prominent position with a broadcast syndicated show,” said Bill Carroll, vice president and director of programming for the Katz Television Group, which recommends syndicated programs to stations.
I hope that some of the previous laureates who were true seekers of, and workers for, peace will say so — women and men like, to name a few, Bishop Carlos Filipe Ximenes Belo and President José Ramos-Horta of East Timor, Nelson Mandela of South Africa, Mairead Corrigan and Betty Williams of Northern Ireland, Rigoberta Menchu of Guatemala and Daw Aung San Suu Kyi of Myanmar.
On the other side of the border, Myanmar has reported enormous drug seizures in recent months, including one in August of more than 1,600 pounds, antinarcotics officials said.
The United States could clinch when it plays at Honduras on Oct. 14.
Good trip: In 1963 or ’64 I showed up at the door of Ken Kesey, the novelist and LSD evangelist.
The study was conducted in five countries in Asia and Africa: Cambodia, Ethiopia, India, Kenya and Tanzania.
Rickey Henderson never wanted to stop diving headfirst or dashing home or making a snatch catch of a fly ball or wearing a major league uniform.
He eschews the Hobbesian nightmare of a nasty, brutish man in favor of the Rousseauian belief that man’s basic good nature will eventually prevail.
What we’ve been offered since then more often than not is a mix of sentimentality and fear.
The State Senate, often her foil, took matters to a new level this year by stripping some of the governor’s priority projects from its proposed budget, including some in support of the natural gas pipeline.
Quebec and Newfoundland have long feuded over water resources used to generate power.
“What customers have paid for 75 years or more in this industry is an averaged rate,” said Anne Pramaggiore, executive vice president for customer operations at Commonwealth Edison, which is experimenting with rates that depend on when electricity is used.
The finished car maintains the sense of proportion familiar to Rolls-Royce, with a long hood and a short rear deck, but with streamlined haunches and less bulk.
“There was a sense of, What have we gotten ourselves into?” said Luisa Montero, the group’s Maryland director.
Armstrong is in third, eight seconds back.
On a more philosophical level, many here say, a tacit agreement just to stay the course is very much a product of the pragmatic German middle class’s desire for consensus, compromise and calm, particularly in a time of economic peril.
He moved to Paterson from the Dominican Republic 25 years ago, and met Ms. Gonzales here about 15 years ago, Mr. Lopez said.
“ ‘The Lost Symbol’ is $9.99 on the Sony Reader book page, and I just paid $29.99 for that for the library,” said Robin Bradford, the collection development librarian at the Indianapolis-Marion County Public Library.
That problem has been worked out.
(Koch Lorber, $26.98, not rated) REVOLUTIONARY ROAD Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio star in Sam Mendes’s portrayal of suburban angst in the 1950s.
The matchup has become an annual meeting of English juggernauts in the Champions League.
The Long Island birds are descended from 75 turkeys released in three locations in the early 1990s.
It’s about how you manage those differences and whether you have a style for doing so that is successful.” What follows is a list of four financial issues that ought to be near the top of the discussion list before getting married.
Either way is good, but the basement option would have the advantage of covering some of the less-active debaters with an attractive coat of mildew.
With its generic graphics and simple links, the Philadelphia-area social network of the dead, called The Gay History Wiki, lacks the jaunty bulletin-board appeal of Facebook or MySpace.
Abandonment Tracker’s remarketing depends upon knowing the e-mail address of the wayward prospect; knowing the phone number will make follow-up phone calls possible, too.
Real Salt Lake will play the Los Angeles Galaxy for the championship on Nov. 22 at Qwest Field in Seattle.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY SCANPIX, VIA EUROPEAN PRESSPHOTO AGENCY)
Between them, the National Institutes of Health and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation provided nearly 60 percent of the financing.
Only after an applicant is interviewed and given a conditional offer of employment would a criminal background check take place.
The secretary of the Treasury, Timothy F. Geithner, during a question-and-answer session Monday on Manhattan, reiterated the administration’s position on the recovering financial system.
Mr. Rubinstein pointed to a rapid shift to smartphones from standard mobile phones, creating a market big enough for all.
The Associated Press cited a Taliban spokesman, Zabiullah Mujahed, as saying that the Taliban had carried out the attack.
Switzerland is by far the largest tax haven, and it has attracted most of the opprobrium and pressure this year.
Then Ms. Huggins really fell through the looking glass.
The comforting news is that none of the ghostwritten material sought to change the contents of the bill, which was not open to much revision during the debate.
Edwin Shneidman was born on May 13, 1918, in York, Pa.
When President George W. Bush was stocking the federal courts with conservative ideologues, Senate Republicans threatened to change the august body's rules if any Democrat dared to try to block his choices.
Consumers despise them, and environmentalists have long denounced the kinds made with PVC.
“Maybe they should,” replied Col. Michael T. Good of the Air Force, who was orchestrating events from inside Atlantis.
“Tracy’s death just devastated me.
For the most part, it did an outstanding job.
But some concessions were inevitable.
If the Yankees fail to reach the playoffs again, it is unlikely that Girardi will be asked to finish the third year of his contract.
flash drive is available in models from 8 gigabytes ($40) to 64 gigabytes ($200) and will be released in April — just in time for digital spring cleaning.
Much of the clamor arises from anticipation stirred by Mr. Obama’s campaign remarks about the importance of the arts.
We are gathered here today, in the midst of economic calamity, to ask if we really should be gathered here today, in a funhouse of merchandise designed to send us deeper into debt.
PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY DANNY MOLOSHOK/REUTERS)
He wouldsay: ‘‘I’ve always envied you.
“Hey, that looks like me,” Mr. Obama said.
And finance ministers have committed in principle to back up each other’s currencies in case they come under strain or attack.
Shares in both companies have risen by double digits over the last three months.
No one wants to, or even can, rule out the continued use of natural gas while the country struggles toward a cleaner energy future.
Later, we visited the E Street Grille on the second floor.
There was no one else willing to fight Ziegler, the promoter told Hawk.
PAGE A6 RUSSIA KEEPS TROOPS IN GEORGIA Nearly eight months after the war between Russia and Georgia, Russian troops continue to hold Georgian territory that the Kremlin agreed to vacate as part of a formal cease-fire, leaving a basic condition of that agreement unfulfilled.
The cover of the Damned’s 1977 album, “Music for Pleasure,” features a pastiche of Kandinsky paintings that spells out the band’s name.
And then there’s the party anthem “La Cumbia del Río,” this band’s breakthrough hit from last summer, which like any good joke spread quickly, in the form of numerous homemade comic dance routines littered across YouTube.
His lyrics are philosophical disquisitions, carried by ambitious progressive rock.
The death was confirmed by his daughter Lois Lupo.
The Norwegians and Russians are also in court in Ukraine and in the Southern District of New York.
has grown in size and scope, especially if you need to take an assignment there.” Mr. Davis said foreign passport applications can be complicated, particularly for Italy and France, at times requiring a long series of documents to “show the progression of the genealogy.” He also cautioned that for Americans, “it doesn’t matter how many passports you have, you must enter and leave with a U.S. passport.” In addition, he recommended that anyone considering dual passports think first of the tax consequences and the potential for military service, though, he added, “you can get exemptions for all of this because you’re a U.S. citizen.” Israel allows anyone of Jewish heritage to use what is called aliyah, or the Law of Return, to become a citizen, but the military draft can be an issue.
final matchup of LeBron and Kobe is still a possibility, and while not everybody wishes to ruin David Stern’s high-rating June reverie — Nike puppet vs. Nike puppet — the Orlando Sentinel’s Mike Bianchi has the audacity to suggest that the team-oriented Magic must defeat the LeBron-centric Cavs “for the entire world of sports.” The entire world of sports is surely curious about umpire Tim Tichenor, up from Triple-A, who was behind the plate at the Hefty Bag Thursday nigth in Minneapolis overdoing his “yerouttahere” swing (which is quite good, with a colorful follow-through; I’d give it a 9).
High-level talks on the rebel leader’s fate have been held over the past two days in the Rwandan resort town of Gisenyi.
Health care now accounts for about 17 percent of the overall economy and, with no change in existing law, the share will grow to 21 percent in 2019, administration officials said.
And he has already begun a very American career, winning parts in two independent films and a music video, and even an offer of a small role in an episode of “Law & Order.” He had to turn down that television show last year, he said, because of the work limits imposed by his visa.
But at least policy makers know what to do — and are doing it.
PHOTOS (PHOTOGRAPHS BY MICHAEL APPLETON FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES/MARILYNN K. YEE/THE NEW YORK TIMES)
Eric Klinger, an emeritus professor of psychology at the University of Minnesota, Morris, agreed.
But Ms. Coppola recognizes that the emblematic view of Tokyo is a blur of iridescent neon as seen from a moving vehicle at night.
¶Nestlé Purina Pet Care, St. Louis, part of Nestlé, expanded its relationship with Fallon Worldwide, Minneapolis, part of the SSF Group unit of the Publicis Groupe, by awarding the agency the creative duties for Alpo dog food.
I’d lit a cigarette minutes before — not a habit but a need — and a young man collapsed into me shouting, “Blow smoke in my face.” Smoke dispels the effects of the gas to some degree.
Advertising remains slow, he acknowledged.
Many Pakistanis blame the United States and the war in Afghanistan for their current troubles.
We were angry.” The usefulness of the road, though, helped change attitudes.
Fubon Financial Holding, a retail bank and insurance provider, would get economic exposure to China’s rapidly growing securities market through China International Capital, but with little potential for synergies.
In fact, it is one of the finest novels about Detroit’s history to come along in years.
Administrative Judge for Queens County.
It would be easy to see “Dynasty” as sheer exploitation, the latest instance of family or followers cashing in on the star’s legacy.
France will mark the 20th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall with an open-air musical spectacle featuring 27 cellists and a laser show telling the fall of communism in a series of gigantic projections in the center of Paris, the minister for European affairs, Pierre Lellouche, announced Monday.
Very few individual investors are good enough at picking stocks and bonds to beat the performance they can get from funds, especially when broker commissions and other trading costs are factored in.
The agency said that in a separate episode, also on Tuesday, members of its staff narrowly avoided an explosion on a military convoy in the eastern part of Afghanistan.
Trying to predict them is like trying to forecast the economy.
Far better to instill a desire to eat more healthfully, as Ms. Gold did with her young helpers.
Trachoma is a common infection of the eyelids, carried by flies.
In response to her situation, Sheree decides to give herself “an independence party” and promptly gets into a shouting match with her way-over-$6-an-hour event planner.
While experts believe bruxism is not a dental disorder per se, but rather originates in the central nervous system, the condition can greatly affect the teeth and the entire craniofacial structure.
Tommy did not go pee-pee at Julia's office.
From the Icelanders’ “whale’s road” to the “whale’s lane” — a transition that, in many ways, encapsulates the entire arc of our history with whales: from mythologizing to massacre to marveling at and making way for them anew.
That’s not normally my style.” But the Australian later conducted himself in masterly manner, and his Red Bull was superior to the Brawn.
The insulin powder, called Afresa, is inhaled into the lungs, dissolves there and then travels into the bloodstream, says Matthew J. Pfeffer, chief financial officer at MannKind.
“When I’m by myself, I get depressed,” Ms. McBroom said.
He has helped other farms start black currant crops.
The initial courtship scene between Kate and Charles actually drags unmercifully, with laughter at a premium.
The incoming president then took up that musical metaphor and, in a stunning revision, transformed it to poetry with an image of the chords produced by strings of a celestial harp: “the mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave .
“He is one of the 10 most important people in the history of the Internet,” said Jason Calacanis, an entrepreneur of digital media who once chronicled New York’s tech scene in his publication, The Silicon Alley Reporter.
“The election of Barack Obama is a momentous victory and one that we have worked to achieve for at least five decades,” Benjamin T. Jealous, the organization’s president, said.
This income is currently treated as capital gains and taxed at the low rate of 15 percent rather than as ordinary income that can be taxed at rates almost three times as much.
I cured several sides of salmon for three days, following my favorite recipe from the Time-Life Foods of the World series, and served it with pumpernickel toast points, chopped red onion, mustard dill sauce and capers.” But three of her husband’s aunts from Brooklyn complained that there was not enough to eat — not even any cream cheese and bagels — and they wondered about the strange salmon “stuff.” The Mexican-born chef Julian Medina converted to Judaism from Roman Catholicism when he married Annie Sigal five years ago.
They don’t care if you can’t put food on the table or put braces on your daughter.
An installation that includes strings and water, video projection, live electronic music and Butoh is among the 12 multidisciplinary works in the 2010 edition of the Here Arts Center’s annual Culturemart festival.
In addition to his trap years in New Jersey, Lemaire coached the offensively challenged Minnesota Wild for the past eight seasons.
In the United States, a system by which private investors buy bad assets at a discount with government-backed loans has yet to attract any takers, while European programs are either incomplete or inadequate, the fund said.
Aug. 22 at 8 p.m. $24 to $58.50.
Dr. Edward L. Langston, a former chairman of the board of the American Medical Association, said he counseled his patients to take limited doses of vitamin C , but said supplements were no “panacea,” nor a substitute for traditional health care.
would be yet another indication of how A.I.G.
But few banks have the strong ties to local businesses and a rich heritage in the region HSBC can point to.
Mr. Carcieri, a Republican, proposed the experiment last year as he and the General Assembly, controlled by Democrats, struggled to balance the state budget.
Meanwhile, the aquaculture industry has taken the criticisms levied against it seriously.
When I heard years later that he was who he was, I was astonished.
Cherished father of Heather, Christina, Rachel and Mia.
THE supermarket seems to offer more and more cleaning products labeled “organic” and “natural,” but are so-called green detergents really better for the environment?
In Russia, which basically follows the European system of state support, times are tough, too, but its five opera companies soldier on.
The kids ran into the surf in late November.
If the natural nickname for this rare Yankees - Phillies pairing is the Amtrak World Series, consider that when these two teams met in October for the only other time, in 1950, Amtrak didn’t even exist.
From the point of view of most of the five school board members, the out-of-town students would essentially be on scholarship, and draining money — roughly $2 million a year, according to the superintendent for the district — that could go to other programs.
The office, which cannot release a body until it is officially identified, has faced a host of obstacles: Mr. Paul, 36, was burned beyond recognition, most of his belongings were destroyed and his family is 8,000 miles away.
Perhaps they can even keep some banks from having to return to the public trough in the future.
During the depths of the Depression, Bob Newburger did what was nearly impossible: He landed a job at a well-known brokerage firm, starting a career that, 74 years later, still has him going to Wall Street almost every day.
SOLOMON--Renee D.,78, died in Durham, NC on April 20, 2009.
Try and get a job as their assistant.
The economic crisis has reduced demand for Sony’s products, like televisions and cameras, movies and PlayStation 3 game consoles, while the rise of the yen against other currencies reduces the value of its overseas sales when the proceeds are converted.
Among the cod Andalusia, tuna Provençal, paella Valenciana and roast chicken Saloniki on the menu, there’s a spaghetti Bolognese that could hold its own anywhere.
He said P. C. Richard offered next-day delivery seven days a week on any product in stock.
The company’s shares have lost 25 percent of their value in the last year, compared with a 37 percent drop on the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index.
Several times I almost e-mailed him, but I always restrained myself.
“The problem is that the last thing the government wants to do is hurt the recovery,” Mr. Smith said.
This program goes for a hit-them-on-all-fronts experience to help modify behavior with online videos, e-mail messages and text messages.
When asked about the foot injury to Giants quarterback Eli Manning, Asomugha said: “We don’t wish anyone injuries.
Certainly, added girth did nothing to diminish the drawing power of Vince Vaughn .
Some researchers have looked at genetic variations in receptor types for clues to personality differences.
They say they’re confident that the baby-boom generation has 15 more years of riding life.
''We are fully committed to the alliance and will exploit the synergies offered by this far-reaching cooperation to benefit our shareholders and customers alike,'' Mr. Alierta said in a statement.
On the one hand, theories are conceived as general systems for explanation and prediction, while facts are specific reports about local events and processes.
sales, are looking to raise a similar amount.
All four politicians received significant campaign contributions from the device maker within a few months of their intervention.
I love what I do, but it requires a lot of travel.
“There is much love surrounding you.” With the liquidation of the merchandise under way, Shabby Chic had one final asset to sell that clearly had some value: the name.
“People love to have a chip now and then,” he adds.
Although Mr. Jobs disagrees with me on this, that strikes me as a “material fact,” at least as the Securities and Exchange Commission defines the term.
“Nothing changes but the date.” Certainly that’s true for him.
In addition, Mr. Moussavi and his wife, Zahra Rahnavard, on Tuesday evening visited the family of a 19-year-old man who was shot and killed during a demonstration three days after the election, Iranian Web sites reported .
He was a leader in national mortgage banking for 30 years and was President of the Board of Governors of the New Jersey Mortgage Bankers Assn.
“I do think that giving a disincentive to insurance companies to offer Cadillac plans that don’t make people healthier is part of the way that we’re going to bring down health care costs for everybody over the long term.” Proponents say the tax is squarely aimed at the very richest plans — like the family coverage offered to the 400 or so managing directors at Goldman Sachs and its top executive officers.
He claimed that he had been under pressure last year and had agreed to the crash hoping that it would help him keep his job.
For each designated player, the first $415,000 counts against the salary cap.
She said at the time that nurturing open-source software was vital when the world was emerging from an economic slump.
We owe every bookmaker at the track that will trust us, and now we are out trying to raise some scratch to pay off.
“It is too early to start to lean against recovery.” As part of the group’s global recovery plan, the United States would aim to increase its savings rate and reduce its trade deficit while countries like China and Germany would reduce their dependence on exports.
“I like what we have done in the best conference in the country in terms of R.P.I.” Maryland played seven games against an opponent that was ranked No.
The notebooks where you might expect to find a young woman’s spiritual reflections or earnest love poems are instead filled with numbers.
“Without an approved restructuring plan, the company will likely file for bankruptcy without the benefit of a plan of reorganization and stakeholders will lose significant value,” CIT said in its restructuring presentation filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Few politicians are as embattled as Villaraigosa is these days: he is confronting a $530 million budget deficit, a cranky electorate, plunging poll numbers and an increasingly hostile press.
What I saw as an uncontrollable moment of panic, she saw as another deliberate attempt to browbeat her.
It’s hard to be that selfless, especially in today’s world.” “I’m 19 right now, and I can’t even imagine having children in two years,” Mr. Rojas said.
Investors may not like the notion that stocks aren’t great, but bonds look worse.
A former payroll manager for the Brooklyn Museum has pleaded guilty to stealing more than $620,000 from the museum by issuing fake paychecks, The Daily News reported.
But there are limits to the budget deficits that some countries can run, providing a counterargument against such stimulus.
Both the strength and chinks in this armor are made clear when audience members (on Friday, first an elegant older woman, and later two very young women) are drawn into the work.
There will be calls for reform of procedures to better protect minority officers, who have most often paid the price for such cases of mistaken identity.
Time Warner Cable resisted the demands, saying that the current recession was no time to be seeking higher fees from consumers.
And they are hoping they will have plenty of money for their Ph.D. graduate to give out by 2010.
“We fume over the mistreatment of animals by agribusiness but freak out at an uptick in food prices .
High school students in the program improved their attendance, a 12 percent gain over the control group, which did not receive cash rewards for attendance.
Mr. Zazi was stopped at the George Washington Bridge on Sept. 10 as he entered New York.
Visiting players routinely gushed about walking into the Stadium and soaking in its history.
“The truth is, we don’t have time really for anything else other than skiing.
The company's statement came a day after news media outlets reported that an executive at Best, the agency that represents Vick, had announced news of a deal with Nike at a sports sponsorship meeting in New York.
Eleven months into his presidency, a set of Obama principles, if not quite a doctrine, is beginning to emerge — a philosophy about when to use American military force, when to forsake it and when to threaten its use to back up diplomatic pressure.
(For the first event, in 2005, about 100 museums were involved.)
The success of the piece is all the more impressive because any description of it sends up a “cheesy exploitation” red flag.
Some trade down in size for the experience of owning.
In their scrutiny of the UBS clients, prosecutors are being helped by nearly a dozen former private bankers who are cooperating with the investigation and providing account details and related internal correspondence, this person said.
“I wanted a good birthday present, too.” The 23-year-old Hibbert also had nine rebounds and three blocks.
Mr. Bennett, a naturalist sculptor who works in bronze, granite and marble, is known for his life-size animals.
They went to a concert — by the British group the Last Shadow Puppets — followed by a late-night feast at the Spotted Pig, the West Village gastropub.
tried and failed to sign Emelianenko once before , two years ago.
“I think it’s positive, because the city has always been notorious for imposing all sorts of requirements and new standards which often take people by surprise,” said Mr. Liu, who has sometimes clashed with the Department of Transportation.
No suspects have been named in her killing, and her supporters have called the suit against Mr. Orlov a distraction from the hunt for those responsible.
For centuries, the nation was the world’s top producer.
“But we see an increase of danger for German interests in North Africa and the Sahel.”
NADAL DEFEATS DJOKOVIC Rafael Nadal beat Novak Djokovic, 6-4, 6-4, 6-1, in Benidorm, clinching host Spain’s victory over Serbia.
The new budget estimates oil at $41 a barrel, with a deficit of about 8 percent.
After serving as reporter and editor at the Daily News, he began his teaching career in California at Long Beach State University, earning his mass communications/journalism Ph.D. at the University of Southern California.
For the last few months she has been dancing nearly 15 hours a week, including an occasional private rehearsal with a teacher who graduated from LaGuardia several years ago.
On her son’s birthday, Scotty’s mother orders a birthday cake that will never be eaten.
What’s President Obama’s take on this lunacy?
Just before the war’s end, the Nazis took the inmates on a forced march.
After Ronan O’Gara was narrowly wide with a long-range penalty in the second minute, he did not have another kick at goal in the half.
I have always wondered what sort of political attitude García Márquez meant to convey with those peculiar ambiguities.
The act would remove shipping and transportation restrictions imposed as part of a counterterrorist operation when the second Chechen war began nearly a decade ago.
Customers can buy a cup of coffee and an egg sandwich, cup of oatmeal or piece of coffee cake for $3.95.
The goal is not to measure whether “test and treat” actually works to slow an epidemic, but whether such a strategy can even be carried out, given the many barriers to being tested and getting medical care.
Finally, legal experts said, G.M.
But Republicans who flogged the voter fraud angle in 2008 are now raising fears of census fraud.
The Obama administration should support federal legislation that would enable the president to ensure that the United States lives up to its international obligations.
One is staring at divorce; another is pondering having more children; a third — the stoner, whose name is Taco — picks up women without even trying.
Her karaoke standbys, by the way — which should be familiar to any of the more than 17,000 people following her tweets — include Nickelback’s “This Is How You Remind Me,” Kylie Minogue’s “Better the Devil You Know” and lately, Kings of Leon’s “Sex on Fire.” “It’s a lovely one to do,” she said.
“It smells of something else — it’s hope.” He was referring to the address by President Obama on Wednesday.
Chief among them is safety: amid deteriorating security in the country and the ever-present threat of kidnapping, news organizations have increased precautions for their staff members in the field.
But that is far lower than the yields on munis suggests, said George Strickland, a managing director at Thornburg Investment Management of Santa Fe, N.M. “The market thinks 20 percent of investment grade issuers will default in the next 10 years,” he said.
For Democrats, it is surely the period they want to forever hang around the necks of the Republican Party .
“I was just playing to play.” Choosing which tournaments to play is difficult, he said.
“Bye, guys,” she told the photographers as she left.
BAGRAM AIR BASE, Afghanistan — The Obama administration’s effort to remake the notorious American detention system in Afghanistan will take a critical step forward at the end of the month, when detainees move into a new facility on the edge of Bagram Air Base.
Ms. Hill added, “I think he’s brilliant, he’s the best.” During a commercial, Brynn Williams and Daniel Quadrino explained why Will has such a nutty wife.
With the reinvention has come a flurry of development, designed to capitalize on the city’s reputation as a surf capital.
“I want to be part of the solution, not the problem,” Vick said in his first official act in his new life as an Eagle.
The thing I identified with the most - my work - has left me feeling lost."
James’s first-person narrative begins with a wistful tour of Akron, “a place you could put your arms around, a place that would put its arms around you.” He is fiercely loyal to his inner circle, a result of childhood fears and longings.
“He said at least three times in the conversation that he had no problem at all with the two 4’s,” Mr. Toussaint said in an interview on Thursday.
The quartet honed its skills playing club dates in New York and New Jersey, building a grass-roots following among young Dominican-Americans.
Michael Vick celebrated his release back into the N.F.L.
When I returned to the United States, I was sent to the company’s office in Chapel Hill, N.C., then to Orlando, Fla.
MILTON GLASER To Inform & Delight Opens on Friday in Manhattan.
“You are obliged to do work that doesn’t correspond to your aspirations.” Several times during his long reign, Mr. Bongo had to contend with unrest and rioting, just as his son did last week; a Bongo family compound, walled from the street, stretches for hundreds and hundreds of yards at the edge of town and abuts, perhaps not coincidentally, the big French military base here.
Indeed, the students’ opposition to the Chun regime is taken so much for granted that they barely seem to think at all, let alone engage in moral or philosophical debate.
If you think about going for a walk and then go for a walk, that’s a behavior.
We’ll probably answer those questions depending on where we are in our lives.
They were among the first buildings for workers that included modern plumbing and central air shafts.
Taking a bad shot when you don’t need to is only the most obvious example.
1: no chemotherapy, no further treatment.
The European aircraft maker held the top spot in global airliner production for a sixth year in 2008, with a 7 percent rise in reported deliveries, to a record 483 planes, Airbus said Thursday.
RACHEL MINKOWSKY takes a four-mile run around her East Meadow neighborhood three times a week, past children selling lemonade from stands, playing ball in the street or frolicking in the park.
VeraSun Energy, one of the nation’s largest ethanol producers, has suspended production at 12 of its 16 plants and is planning to sell production facilities.
I wanted to read it cover to cover.
Why not?” The W.N.B.A.’s president, Donna Orender, declined to comment on Jones’s plans, but a league official confirmed that Jones had contacted the league.
Having been badly burned twice in the last decade — by the September 2001 terrorist attacks and the current financial crisis — many airlines are moving toward leasing more of their planes, rather than buying them directly from manufacturers.
He tells his tale with the passion of a minister (which he is not) and with the gravity of a high school vice principal (which he was).
We love you deeply and you will be profoundly missed.
Collectif 1.0.3., a French artists’ group, explores the conservation of art works and knowledge through digital technology.
Then he was traded to the Yankees on July 31, and within weeks he was on the best team in baseball.
France sees American mobility with a sacred immobility; attachments trump restlessness.
FOR most locals, Huaihai Road in Shanghai has always been one of the city’s go-to retail and shopping corridors.
Until the fateful point that decided the match, the action was worthy of a final, rewarding the fans after rain had ravaged the schedule.
It’s a pleasant change of pace to see most of the fashion attention go to men’s wear.
Some heroism, of course, was recognized.
But beneath the surface calm is a sea of discontent and concern.
Brief as it is, the piece takes an imaginative, finger-twisting route from 12-tone to ragtime, and Mr. Kahane played it dazzlingly.
Two professors familiar with college basketball had a hunch that referees tended to try to keep the total fouls called against each team somewhat even.
And my youngest daughter sustained a freak injury during a potato-sack race in gym class, requiring an emergency X-ray to rule out a broken toe.
; PATAGONIA NANO PUFF PULLOVER, $150, www .patagonia.com.
But regardless of the technology used, merchants have a certain amount of control over what kinds of cards they accept.
Amnesty International , the human-rights advocacy group, last week reported two more deaths, which the police said were due to illness.
Robert M. Rodriguez of the Marine Corps, died six years ago while serving in Iraq.
A private meeting with King Hamad of Bahrain was planned.
Ms. Sohn recalled her own introduction to Park Slope five years ago when she and her husband, Charles Miller, a painter, were apartment hunting and noticed that strollers clogged the sidewalks.
“We are very disappointed,” said Senator Sherrod Brown, Democrat of Ohio, who is a leading liberal in the Senate.
But the O.T.S.’s many failings exhibited strong symptoms of what economists call regulatory capture — that is to say, a regulator’s taking the side of the industry it regulates.
The pair recently began playing tennis.
The game was called after a delay of 62 minutes.
The number of e-books available on BN.com compares with 1.2 million in stock that can be bought in print form from the company’s Web site.
“He’s a genius!” shouted one of NBC’s announcers after a great Mickelson shot.
For one thing, the funds were too small to make an impact.
Meanwhile, Google has embarked on a mission to scan millions of books into digital form, some of which are also included in the public sector digitization projects.
At a high-decibel kickoff party and fashion show called GM Style, Detroit’s mayor, Kwame Kilpatrick, tried to dance with General Motors’ vice chairman, Robert A. Lutz.
''Do you know that the guy really doesn't like baseball all that much?''
GREENPORT Sirens’ Song Gallery “On the Edge,” works celebrating local flora and fauna by local and international artists, along with students from Cornell University.
He puts a lot of runners on base, sometimes on purpose.
I’m committed to the M.L.S.
officials and families, but in reprintings it has often been described incorrectly as the American Embassy in Saigon.
During the Act I party scene at Magda’s salon in Paris, Ms. Gheorghiu, with her dark hair and headband looks like Louise Brooks.
Referring to herself as ‘a damn fool.’ Asked if the men have left.
Eventually, Willis decided to take a chance on the soldier when he left the service.
The Huskies then scored 12 straight points and rolled to a 77-53 victory over California in an N.C.A.A.
They called for the royal family to allow for an elected Parliament with legislative authority, to agree to term limits for members of the royal family in appointed posts, and to have someone outside the royal family be appointed prime minister.
“It’s none of your beeswax,” say the queen bees on the playground, and just what is or isn’t someone else’s business is one of the questions Mr. Bujalski and his characters explore.
Use of the pick-and-roll rose to 18.6 percent of the league’s total plays last season from 15.6 percent in 2004-5, when Synergy began tracking it.
Her previous marriage ended in divorce.
Florida (2-0) started slowly, punting twice and fumbling once in its first four series.
Cats, as Balanchine observed, are balletic marvels, and I’m sure gymnasts and acrobats could learn a lot from squirrels.
Beginning with a foundation of modeling paste exactly congruent with the outline of his subject, Mr. Wolfe combines painting and silk-screening in different sequences, and uses fine tools to carve into the surfaces to create various textures.
It sounded as if Girardi had no plans to rest Rodriguez.
Then, smiling, he added: “I would be really upset at him if he left to take a head coaching job, and I may just cut him strictly out of the will.” Although there have been other successful father-son coaching pairings, like Bob and Pat Knight at Texas Tech and Eddie and Sean Sutton at Oklahoma State, Richard Pitino is intent on carving his own niche instead of waiting for his father’s position to open.
The time has come, he wrote , “for the U.S. to declare victory and go home.” Captain Santiago, the platoon commander, acknowledged that the relationship had changed greatly since June 30.
Lori’s Shoes, a boutique in Chicago and online, recently noticed a surge of traffic coming from Polyvore, which John Coyle Steinbrunner, the company’s creative director, had not heard of.
The company, the country’s largest private prison operator, has six prisons in Arizona with inmates from other states.
Their bids will be reviewed by a team of federal and state officials.
“Because if you don’t do the little things, they turn into big things.
But he had just been laid off from another job three months earlier, so I felt doubly bad.
Don’t look for any restaurant credentials or fancy farmers’ market ingredients in ALL CAKES CONSIDERED (Chronicle, $24.95).
The suicide of a father leaves a stealthy, ultimately devastating imprint on the lives of his two sons in “Leaves of Glass,” a slow-burning but effective drama by the British playwright Philip Ridley (“The Pitchfork Disney”) that features a superb cast including the Tony nominee Euan Morton.
He has vowed that the company will keep pouring money into research and development until it gets search, mobile software and virtualization software right.
Both districts pay the larger district of East Hampton to educate their older students, 66 Amagansett middle and high school students and 285 Springs high school students.
This poses a particular quandary for Google, which has long resisted the temptation to make significant changes to its tried-and-true search results format.
Environmental benefits are secondary but significant.
An official in Mr. Maliki’s office showed up early at a camp near Baquba and complained that the Americans had not left behind generators and air-conditioners for the Iraqis — something the American commander in the region said had never been part of the agreement .
AMATEUR’S OPPORTUNITY The withdrawal of Japan’s Shingo Katayama opened the door for the 19-year-old David Erdy of Indiana, the first alternate from sectional qualifying in Dayton, Ohio.
He also dismissed a lawsuit brought by the N.F.L.
“Then who will defend the rest of the country?”
In the old General Motors , employees were evaluated according to a “performance measurement process” that could fill a three-ring binder.
Efforts are now being made to improve the rules, with some success.
On the other hand, he said the American poultry industry also has a lot to lose, adding, “If we are playing a game of chicken with China we are going to be big losers.”
The memorandum of understanding on securities was also relatively narrow.
IF YOU GO Open Sunday through Thursday, 11:30 a.m. to 11 p.m.; Friday and Saturday, 11:30 a.m. to midnight.
I don’t dream to be the pope.
When he was 8 his family moved to Washington, where his father, Morris, became a plumbing and heating contractor.
Mr. Obama gave Mr. Paterson a half-embrace, then whispered into his ear for a few seconds.
Loving grandfather of Robyn, Daniel, Marisa, Frances and Olivia, and great-grandfather of Haden.
Robert V. Hess, the commissioner of homeless services, said the program would be revamped and expressed hope “that we can end up with a program that makes sense.” Even as city officials became aware of problems with the program, they asked shelter providers to help them promote it.
After the city suffered 107 breaks in the course of one particularly cold month -- three times the average -- the mayor, Jim Fouts, declared a state of emergency so he could hire outside workers to help his overwhelmed city crews cope.
I hear you fine in this sound-treated room, but not out in the world.’ ” Mr. Atwood, who is from a company called Pod Design and Media, had revamped one of the center’s sound booths and its waiting room.
NATO members should pick up on Moscow’s call for fresh thinking about a “new European security architecture.” This dialogue must be backstopped with concrete strategic cooperation on issues such as missile defense, access to Afghanistan and diplomacy with Iran.
“Most people don’t trust these organizations, which have been brought in from abroad,” said Yevgeny A. Fedorov, a prominent member of Parliament from Mr. Putin’s party.
JONATHAN S. PAUL PHOTOS (PHOTOGRAPHS, FROM LEFT, PARAMOUNT/COURTESY EVERETT COLLECTION; CORBIS; CATWALKING/GETTY IMAGES)
It replaced the mushroom cloud as the dominant image of the age, replacing an image of fear with an image of hope.
Inside, glimmering candles on each antique-looking table light the dark setting.
His longtime foreign policy pupil, Hillary Rodham Clinton, has the secretary of state job he has always wanted.
Through his spokeswoman, Mr. Colbert cheekily responded on Wednesday to questions about his e-mail message to the governor.
Referring to all Jewish communities in the West Bank as “settlements” suggests that each is a far-reaching outpost isolated from Jewish population centers when many are just “suburbs” of Jerusalem.
Released in Britain last fall, “The Believers” prompted a reviewer to write in The Guardian that Audrey is “a hilarious, foul-mouthed harridan: part monster, part inspiring law unto herself, her approach so excoriatingly direct that the reader waits in wincing glee for her next spitting and swearing tirade.” Audrey is the English wife of Joel, a famous radical lawyer in the mold of William Kunstler, a man whose charisma and forceful personality keeps his family orbiting around him in a gravitational pull comprising ideology, reverence and loyalty.
The sum of all of those individual account balances was more than $64 billion.
Then, after first agreeing not to press the United Nations report by a team led by Judge Richard Goldstone of South Africa, which accused Israel and, to a lesser extent, Hamas, of war crimes during the recent Gaza war, he reversed position, thus first upsetting Palestinians, then ruffling Israelis.
“We believe electrification is the future if the industry,” said Bob Kruse, the company’s executive director for global vehicle engineering, hybrids, electric vehicles and batteries.
Between the lost innings and the inferior effectiveness, the group’s value to their teams fell by a third.
The case before the court was brought by a Texas utility district that was established on undeveloped land in the late 1980s.
Instead of owning art for the enjoyment and aesthetic pleasure it brings, they see it as a market commodity to be manipulated to serve their own financial interests.
Share your child’s artwork online at submit.nytimes.com/the-fridge .
He was inside and outside his body at the same time, indulging in what it meant to belong to the air.” I don’t want to overstate Petit’s role in this book.
HOW do you fit a civil war onstage?
It is a question that Ms. Paltrow declined to answer for this article.
Hours: Friday through Sunday, and Tuesday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Wednesday and Thursday, noon to 5 p.m.; 1000 Richmond Terrace, Livingston , (718) 273-2060, statenislandkids.org ; free with admission: $6; free for members and children under 1; free for grandparents on Wednesday.
“The credit agreement is of great importance for C.N.P.C.
Ready for Another Run Siena forward Josh Duell leads the country in fat jokes, leg ailments and perspective on how to pull an upset in March.
The latest incarnation of Saturday brunch began last April at Bagatelle, a French bistro with decorative moldings, crystal chandeliers and striking white décor; it seats 95 people.
The services are not really free, but payment is included in the cost of, say, a new cellphone or a broadband Internet access contract, so the cost to the consumer is disguised.
In the years between these missives, Beckett has abandoned an academic career; published a handful of essays, a book of poems, a study of Proust, stories (“More Pricks Than Kicks,” 1934) and a novel (“Murphy,” 1938); and bounced between Ireland, England, France and Germany, engaged in what he hopefully describes, in a job application, as “private study and composition” — i.e., not very much at all.
Ms. Griffin was paired with the CNN anchor Anderson Cooper for the 11 p.m. to 1 a.m. broadcast on the media platform in Times Square.
Its significance to the market cannot be overstated.
Chivers is perpetually devising experiments to perform in the future, and one would test how tightly linked the system of arousal is to the mechanisms of desire.
“They’re thinking, let’s heal our own house, whatever the consequences are externally.” The recent comments by Bishop Williamson, who led a seminary in Ridgefield, Conn., in the 1980s and later moved to a seminary in Argentina, inevitably overshadowed the debate about traditional and liberal strains in the Roman Catholic Church.
Even with the change, Massachusetts remains one of just 13 jurisdictions that disenfranchise felons while they are incarcerated but not after they are freed.
Areva will supply India with at least two of its new reactors, known as EPRs, which the company says are easier to build, longer lasting and more energy-efficient than older reactors.
It was so bad for Venezuela that by the ninth inning, when Ryan Braun crunched the third home run for the Americans, Venezuelan fans were chanting in Spanish for Manager Luis Sojo to take the mound himself.
They met in 1958, when he was 7 and she was 5, in a neighborhood whose mostly working-class families were bound by familial ties and often by roots that went back to the same Italian or Irish village.
More than that, Mr. Himes, a former Goldman Sachs investment banker, has proved to be a formidable fund-raiser, having amassed $1.3 million since the beginning of this year, according to the latest campaign financial disclosure statements.
In the last month alone, Mr. Geithner announced the outlines of a $2.5 trillion bank rescue plan; detailed a $275 billion plan to help homeowners with their mortgages; created a “stress test” to determine whether banks can withstand a serious downturn; and issued restrictions on executive pay at banks that receive federal money.
However, one trait of the ancestral personality persists in our aesthetic cravings: the pleasure we take in admiring skilled performances.
Ms. Solis, 51, will manage an agency with an annual budget of about $53 billion and nearly 17,000 employees.
This is going to take some really powerful persuasion.
“Most of the interesting examples of collective intelligence contain many different design patterns,” Mr. Malone said.
After 48 years of marriage, she is survived by her dedicated husband Fred, her daughters Nina and Eva, and one grandson.
They are trying to highlight what they say are years of lies about immigration by Mr. Dobbs, who anchors the 7 p.m. hour on CNN.
While Mr. Lazio’s supporters are keenly aware of the electoral challenges they face in a heavily Democratic state like New York, they can envision situations in which Mr. Lazio could prevail — if, for instance, Gov.
Also emerging into fuller view have been American Indians and enslaved Africans, whose experiences required a modification of traditional idealizations.
And some refuse to provide the access necessary for others to help.
Mr. Arad had backed into design, in a ready-made, Conceptual Art sort of way that also took advantage of the fact that car seats are among the most comfortable, best-designed ready-made seating around.
Ms. Carron said she was not familiar with other programming languages that are more broadly used, so she was lucky to have found a job working on the same project.
is a company characterized by resiliency, and it is proving that its business model is more resilient than most in this environment,” said David Grossman, an analyst at Thomas Weisel Partners.
Then again, as irritated as many New Yorkers are with the mayor and the Council, not all of them are convinced that salvation lies with Albany; it meddles in city affairs enough already, thank you.
A second Montgomery teenager, Mary Louise Smith, was also arrested for refusing to give up her bus seat — after Ms. Colvin’s arrest but before Ms. Parks’s — and she was also deemed an unsuitable symbol for the movement partly because of rumors that her father had an alcohol problem.
Murder and war have long been more important causes of death for us than predatory wild animals.
Others thought it was a strange but sweet exercise.
Backup is nothing without recovery, so be sure that you are familiar with the recovery process and confident that it works smoothly.
The miner died in an explosion on Sunday that killed 74 in the Tunlan Coal Mine in Gujiao, in Shanxi Province, China.
A principal of the contractor handling the dismantling of the former Deutsche Bank building told a City Council hearing Friday that he would not answer any questions about what led to a fatal fire there, prompting a testy exchange with a councilman.
But from Moscow to Beijing to Hanoi, reaction came.
Agents use the device tens of thousands of times each year.
While it's possible to find two-bedrooms on the Upper West Side with one or one and a half baths for about $799,000, it's rare to get one with two full baths.
The Geomentum analysis at the household level relies on loyalty card data.
“When Dez is late to class, the coach calls me,” Sanders said.
Buyers do not pay transfer taxes or stamp duty; the seller pays 2.5 percent transfer tax and a 1 percent stamp duty, Mr. Layson said.
Prince said it would center on a Middle Eastern ruler who travels to Vienna in search of romantic “inspiration,” and on the machinations that occur when he demands a rendezvous with a noblewoman who turns out to be the empress of Austria.
The Obama administration is trying to satisfy European demands for firm targets and timetables, while reassuring a wary Senate that it is not signing on to a system that would impose steep economic costs on the United States that are not shared by developing countries like China and India.
The economic downturn has affected high-end resorts far more than less costly hotels.
There was no water left.
SAINTS COORDINATOR FIRED Gary Gibbs, the Saints’ defensive coordinator the last three seasons, was fired on Wednesday.
That made him, not Griffin, the true difference maker in leading second-seeded Oklahoma (30-5) to the South Regional final on Sunday against top-seeded North Carolina.
Washington politicians could watch careers instantly dashed in London as lawmakers were caught charging the taxpayer for everything from home renovations to baby-wipes.
Under the incentive program that Mr. Jindal turned down for Louisiana, Mississippi would get up to $56 million more for expanding coverage by selecting from a menu of options that includes giving benefits to some part-time workers.
He led the league with 19 wins and 233 innings while posting a 2.63 E.R.A.
It can be true that your own personal projects are best served by lavishing your excess money on the people closest to you.
Devoted father of daughter Patricia, and son Andrew Edward.
But without adequate planning, even this element will not spur the transition to a sustainable and competitive economy.
The gun was found under Kazemi’s body, but according to Aaron, tests to determine if gunshot residue was on Kazemi’s hands were not complete.
The president added that he did not intend to foreclose “a range of steps” if Iran did not cooperate.
But, as befits a foreign minister with verve and unusually broad experience of many corners of Europe, his mind was elsewhere.
Mr. LeGrow said Mr. Heene had once spoken with the actor William Shatner about potentially hosting a show.
Dozens of Blue Cross Blue Shield plans and other insurers offer them.
The solution was practical and patriotic enough to hold sway through the 19th century.
Instead of being constrained by a fastball that was designed to shackle him, Mauer smacked the ball as if it were sitting on a tee.
The Fed is cooperating with prosecutors, a spokeswoman said.
Salimah El-Amin and Ted Larkin were married Saturday at Akwaaba Mansion, a bed and breakfast in Brooklyn.
But none of these solutions have proved workable in India.
“According to article 12 of the family codex, for a marriage to be sanctioned it is necessary to have the mutual and voluntary agreement of a man and a woman.” Both women said they had expected their marriage application to be rejected and said they would appeal the decision.
Kind of goes against everything he stands for.” In an interview with Billboard, Mr. Springsteen’s manager, Jon Landau, defended the release, saying Mr. Springsteen’s albums were already in Wal-Mart, which accounts for 15 percent of his sales.
stands for North America South America, and its tracks are a three-dimensional, ever-shifting combination of Brazilian, American and even African funk.
Economists say consumption will be slow to recover because debt-saddled Americans are saving more or paying down debt.
Possible but not likely, he decided, concluding that the bottom would not come until next year.
I have a good feel for engaging him, but he doesn’t need it.” He added, “John could do play-by-play.
He waved and smiled as he sounded the train’s whistle three times.
Bottom line: China will find a way to benefit no matter what the United States does in Afghanistan.
Millions of asteroids, mostly small, whirl around the solar system, and over the years people have picked up tens of thousands of meteorites, the surviving rock fragments of asteroids that collide with Earth.
Even if you somehow missed the “Going Out of Business” and “Entire Store on Sale!” signs, it was hard to miss how many people were hurting.
This shift in the development of the city coincided with an equally striking shift in population.
No students have been caught cheating, she said, adding that the cafe’s monthly receipts showed a healthy profit.
New teams have emerged, with drivers like Jeremy Mayfield and Scott Riggs able to make the field for the Daytona 500 despite their teams’ being in business only a few weeks.
The pastor, Josiah Akindayomi, founded the Redeemed Church in the 1950s, with God’s promise, according to doctrine, that it would eventually reach “the ends of the earth.” But the faith had not spread very far by the 1970s, in part because Akindayomi spoke only Yoruba, which limited his ability to evangelize beyond the bounds of his tribe.
“The doctors are still determining whether that may be necessary.
I am a free man!” No.
And I try to not schedule a lot of meetings before 8.
Beloved wife of the late Irwin.
Filene’s said it had agreed to sell 17 of its 25 stores, including its flagship in Boston, to Crown Acquisitions, a New York real estate firm, for $22 million.
(Like stepping up their effort to kill President Obama ’s attempt to provide health care for the have-nots in society?)
Much of the pleasure comes from the pit, where Valery Gergiev leads a thoughtfully paced performance rich in detail and draws fine playing from the orchestra, hand-picked by Lorin Maazel, the Palau’s music director, just four years ago.
“Our clients all want to see if they can make this work,” says Al Cadena, the interactive account director at Threshold Interactive in Los Angeles, which represents companies like Nestlé, Honda and Sony.
The team from Maimonides School, an Orthodox Jewish high school in Brookline, Mass., is forbidden for religious reasons to take part on Saturday.
This is not aggressive convert-making, but the natural convergence of like-minded believers.
But in the interviews with local television networks outside his residence, Mr. Khan said his 2004 confession to involvement in proliferation was a “matter of the past.” The lawyer for Mr. Khan, Ali Zafar, said the court ruled that he was a “free citizen” entitled to fundamental rights.
Corporal Hill would not say how the victims died or whether a suicide note was left.
This year’s installment has been organized by Miriam Katzeff and James Hoff, who run a nonprofit artists’ book publisher called Primary Information.
From head-on, 16-inch guns bristling, she looked like every fat-bellied battle wagon in every newsreel you ever saw.
To some, it will seem a musty artifact of sentimental piety and facile technique, exactly the kind of thing to which Modernists from Cézanne to Donald Judd would say good riddance.
But instead of focusing on the economy, which is expected to contract 8.5 percent this year in a country that has fallen hard after years of living beyond its means on easy credit, the final week before the election was dominated by a video from a 2004 campaign rally in which Mr. Basescu appeared to strike a 10-year-old boy in the face.
Any proposal under discussion would leave California with the largest population of uninsured residents, as many as 1.4 million legal and illegal immigrants, according to a study by the Center for Health Policy Research at the University of California, Los Angeles.
President Obama plans to further bolster American forces in Afghanistan and for the first time set benchmarks for progress in fighting Al Qaeda and the Taliban there and in Pakistan , officials said Thursday.
Peter didn’t win in Chicago, though he came home and ran in Hawaii’s games every year after for the rest of his life.
He may not play unless the Knicks are winning or losing by 20.
According to The Associated Press, Mayor Harry Stonebraker was “a popular mayor who helped lead the community of 1,500 through the devastating 2008 flood, when a levee breach caused by a burrowing muskrat damaged about 100 homes.” Is this yet another sign of our longing for stability?
That last bit is what marks the dish as restaurant-style fare, worth aping at home: candied ginger is an inexpensive gild, the sort of marker that allows a chef to charge $21 a plate instead of $17.
(Johnson) ★ PETER MOORE For more than two decades, the photographer Peter Moore (1932-1993) was the recording eye for some of the most radical experimental art in New York City.
The other reads like propaganda.
 Broadcast advertising has dropped, too, but not to the same degree.
PAULINE BONAPARTE: Venus of Empire , by Flora Fraser.
But they raise concerns that underscore the difficulties of evaluating such risks.
But he has not worked training security dogs, his lawyer said.
Two plays later, Gradkowski hit Louis Murphy for a game-winning 11-yard touchdown pass.
He’s like a motivational speaker.” In Cincinnati’s final practice before Christmas break, Kelly stopped a scrimmage on a fourth-and-3 play.
Germany, which is allergic to inflation out of bitter historical experience in the 1920s, wants a strong currency.
First, recessions don’t last forever.
Carlson’s storytelling winds along like that mountain trail.
Despite their efforts to attract popular attention, most of the sans-papiers’ energy is dedicated to the day to day.
To: Scott Rudin From: M.D.
One selling point is that houses are generally less expensive than in such surrounding towns as Maplewood, Springfield and Millburn.
In one unexpected, exhilarating outburst, the instruments break into a kind of free-for-all toccata.
The previous record was 31, set in 2001.
Late enough that when she opened Demspey’s crate, the dog insisted on relieving himself in the chamber pot.
The proposal also would address outstanding issues about the way Microsoft’s systems connected with its competition.
he pleads, or dares, in a song called ''Shut Your Mouth.''
With the entire country reeling, that escape valve is closed.
No one was willing to buy what was quite likely the most inflammatory piece of art at this year’s Armory Show — a 60-inch-by-90-inch watercolor of Bernard L. Madoff — but plenty of people had interesting ideas on what to do with the painting, and its infamous subject, who stands accused of operating a $50 billion worldwide Ponzi scheme .
Maybe Chambers didn’t have time for the delicacies of one-point perspective and atmospheric; it was easier to fit the image together in a series of flattish planes, letting mountains upholstered in trees meet a river’s mirrored surface with a nearly straight line and small jolt.
“You might be looking at a property registered to some twice-removed aunt from way back.” Usually a listing agent will refer the prospective buyer to an appropriate lawyer, and the lawyer will coordinate with a local notary who will track ownership titles, according to Macarena Rein-Loring, a lawyer for the Legalex Group, a legal services firm with offices in London and Marbella, Spain.
(The noise wasn’t random; when her microphone fed back, Ms. Keenan whipped it away from her monitor instantaneously to end the wrong kind of dissonance.)
“The complaint that people have with this program,” he said on CNN, “should be directed at the federal government.” Restive Allies Now, nearly a year after his re-election, Mr.
Dallin was the first to die.
It projected the labor market would contract by about 2.5 percent this year, and by a further 1.5 percent next year.
First, rogue states and other troublemakers should swear to abandon any thoughts of nuclear weapons.
Mr. Gosdin, who was known as “the Voice,” had several other hits in the 1970s and ’80s, including “Set ’Em Up Joe,” “I Can Tell by the Way You Dance (You’re Gonna Love Me Tonight)” and “I’m Still Crazy.” Over his career, he sang gospel music, bluegrass, folk-rock and then country.
Barnes & Noble’s e-book initiative has some bright spots: the iPhone and Windows apps are mostly excellent, the concept of free access to public-domain books is sound and being able to read your e-books on your laptop is a no-brainer.
Reception with live jazz and New Orleans-style food.
While teams from the major conferences often lose their top players to the N.F.L.
The state of the economy invalidates corporate leadership that was not prepared for and moreover may have contributed to the mess we are in.
You’ve got to be doing town meetings.
Kenneth R. Feinberg, the Treasury Department’s new “comp czar,” was there, as was Mary Schapiro , the new chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission; Daniel K. Tarullo, the newest Federal Reserve governor; and Lucien Bebchuk, the Harvard Law School professor who has turned his academic interest in executive compensation into a crusade.
"In this way we hope to preserve the character of the institution."
Similarly, in 2000 librarians at Stanford University created LOCKSS, or Lots of Copies Keep Stuff Safe, to preserve journals in the digital age, by spreading digital copies of documents through an international community of libraries via the Internet.
But the countervailing trend is that the Chinese government is trying to foster channels for foreign currency to be pumped out of the country without the involvement of the central bank.
When it comes to the soundtrack for his runway shows, Burberry’s creative director, Christopher Bailey, likes to keep it local.
As couples walked arm in arm down this city’s sleepy main drag earlier this month, the news was more of the same.
Mr. Fenstermaker, reached by phone Tuesday, declined to comment on his letter to the judge.
Now Lane County commissioners are asking the Legislature to draft a resolution urging Congress to pay counties that have large amounts of federal forest land for the carbon that their forests trap.
Starting at 10 a.m. Eastern time, prices on destinations like the Galápagos Islands, above, will drop 5 percent every 30 minutes, so that by the last half-hour of the sale, 3:30 to 4 p.m., any trips left will be discounted 60 percent.
Oreo shouldn’t be around children.” Mr. Sayres said the society had evaluated dogs taken from Michael Vick , the football quarterback who served 18 months in federal prison for his role in a dogfighting ring.
This must be one of the world’s most interesting rail journeys.
Bars and restaurants are in walking distance.
There were also airplanes and a smattering of other vintage toys.
“Before, fossil fuels were so cheap, plentiful and secure that it was almost impossible to compete,” said Dr. Robert Dorey, a researcher at Cranfield University in Britain and co-director of the Piezo Institute, established last year as part of a European Commission-financed collaboration between universities and business to promote research and development.
Most of our very large, very Catholic family knows this except my husband’s parents.They have a summer home, and their rule is that nonmarried children and their opposite-sex partners may not share a bedroom.
“The current quarter is likely to be one of the worst ever for profitability, so airlines will do anything they can to alleviate it,” said Andrew Light, an aviation industry analyst in London for Citigroup.
It would seem the topics that most contemporary poets write about are of little or no interest to the general public.
At the Chicago campus of Northwestern University, artificial HDL nanoparticles have been designed by Dr. C. Shad Thaxton, an assistant professor in the urology department, and Chad A. Mirkin, a professor and director of the International Institute for Nanotechnology at the university’s Evanston campus They have founded a company, AuraSense, to commercialize the technology.
That dubious title goes to the federal budget deficit — estimated by the Congressional Budget Office at around $1.8 trillion, or 12.5 percent of G.D.P., for 2009.
Pointing at Ms. Dixon across the courtroom during closing arguments, Ms. Glenn said, “This woman did not get this far in life if she could be so easily confused.”
Ramadan is a holy month of praying and fasting, and for television executives it is also the Middle Eastern equivalent of sweeps month.
The disappearance of Chase, he said, will force him to look to smaller, community-based lenders, which sometimes charge higher interest rates.
Did I want a model B-57 or a toy car?
The pair danced across the ice so fast that it was hard to keep up with them.
is not an immediate solution,” Mr. Sigfusson said.
But the situation in New York is not good, either.
Aboveground, Montalbini was no hermit.
Still, it’s painful to watch, whether it’s Mr. Wieder referring to improving “the services we are required to provide for the unfortunate special-needs children” or much of the audience hooting when he concluded with “God bless America.” You can say it’s a lot more benign than other culture clashes around the world, and it probably is.
Lucy reported that my 15-year-old son, Conor, had been reduced to looking me up on YouTube.
You never know with him, but this spring may set the tone for the journey ahead.
A surveillance camera from a construction site captured him running; investigators believe he saw a man — later identified as Miguel Santiago — rummaging through the officer’s car.
And at least one family member flew in from Italy on Sunday, according to a Red Cross spokeswoman, Joanne Katz.
Her daughter landed somewhere where she’s happy, but the frustration with the system stayed with Ms. Rheault.
It’s $12 a pound at Eli’s Manhattan, Eli’s Vinegar Factory, Grace’s Marketplace, and Agata & Valentina.
First, the SIGTARP report does not state that Goldman Sachs was more vulnerable to an AIG failure than the firm contends.
In one scene, a young girl awakens to a grim inheritance should negotiators leave the meeting empty-handed: a scorched earth, menacing storms and an all-swallowing sea.
Once a teacher suggested to Mrs. Thompson’s parents that they should consider sending her to vocational school because she did not seem to be a serious student.
Giving the Israeli version the benefit of the doubt, he said, “So suppose there’s a bomb in one house, but in many houses — no.” What is left is an unnatural landscape.
This zoning proposal would allow a row of four hotels between the Stillwell Avenue subway stop and the outdoor entertainment area.
“I know what my contemporaries are interested in wearing, just like I once knew what my contemporaries were interested in watching.” In mid-2008, Ms. Ginsburg brought in partners to write a business plan for her new fashion line and found a company that agreed to finance the project in exchange for a controlling interest.
I think they felt it wouldn’t work and they could get rid of us afterwards.
In February, they shut the doors.
But we loved the linemen.
I told them I was going to the Cotton Carnival, and went into a rather long-winded explanation of the people who dress up as boll weevils.
“We are totally wired in this town,” Harvey Levin, the site’s editor in chief, said in a telephone interview Friday.
Yet this former “poet chieftain” of his country soon returned to the best-seller list with “On Overgrown Paths,” his postwar apologia.
Prices begin at $225,000, but most starter homes run in the $300,000s, with the middle of the market ranging from $375,000 to $475,000, brokers said.
Transfer to a platter as they are done.
But adjusted sales, which exclude deferred revenue and cost of sales from the Pre smartphone, totaled $360.7 million.
On a recent evening, about 100 parents and educators gathered at the Rafael Hernandez School in the city’s North Ward.
After a third car fire, on Central Park West and 83rd Street on Feb. 12, fire marshals enlisted the Police Department’s help.
As a result, Clemens is under investigation by federal prosecutors, who are weighing whether to indict him on perjury charges.
“I would characterize this budget as shared pain and shared sacrifice,” Karen Bass, the speaker of the California Assembly, said in a telephone interview from Sacramento .
Marc Auslander Millwood, N.Y., Feb. 14, 2009
“It is all sexes, all ages, all nationalities,” announces Eugene Hütz, the charismatic Ukrainian-born founder and frontman of the Gypsy punk band Gogol Bordello, in Margarita Jimeno’s choppy, high-energy documentary of the band’s rise from a cult phenomenon to international acclaim.
To make the point to the world, France is preparing special ceremonies on Nov. 11, marking the end of World War I, and on Nov. 9, the 20th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall.
“Aw, shame,” she adds, with the sweetly pathetic theatricality of David Brent, Ricky Gervais ’s character on the BBC version of “The Office .” Once she’s onstage, it’s not her frumpiness but her hammy efforts at sex appeal that seem to disquiet Simon Cowell , the world’s ranking judge of stage talent.
Mr. Meminger described his battles with drug use in a 2003 interview with The New York Times.
''You can't fix care first, and then insure everybody,'' he said.
If you take on the risk voluntarily, you tend to perceive it as much less dangerous, said William K. Hallman, a professor in the Department of Human Ecology at Rutgers University.
It has been a rough week for Kanye West , but it got better on Wednesday night when the nominations for the third annual BET Hip-Hop Awards were announced.
He was paying fitfully on his card, which was canceled for delinquency.
I would like to stand here and say it was just two pitches, but I was behind pretty much all day.
''We have a lot of emotional players,'' McDaniels said Monday of the Marshall-Moreno moment.
The contestants have grown close to one another over the long weeks of competition.
But the Global Times article on Thursday did not go that far.
Jan. 18 through March 15.
Giuseppe Bossi also managed to purchase privately Andrea Mantegna’s stupendous “Dead Christ.” From Venice came Titian’s “Penitent St. Jerome,” three important works by Vittore Carpaccio and “St.
The Pakistani Foreign Ministry issued an immediate rebuttal.
In Spanish with simultaneous English translation.
Without that hint of sorcery, his performance felt almost ordinary.
But afterward on this gray homecoming day in the hills of West Virginia, the focus for UConn (4-3, 1-2 Big East) was not on receiver Marcus Easley’s stunning 88-yard touchdown late in the fourth quarter that temporarily put the Huskies ahead, or on Easley’s relentless play minutes earlier to strip a ball from West Virginia defensive back Kent Richardson on an interception return that could have sealed the outcome.
Some owners, it seemed, lived in another world.
After decades of alcohol abuse, Dalkowski lives in Walnut Hill Care Center in New Britain, Conn., a block from the park where he was a high school star and a bonus baby in the mid-1950s.
Midset she picked up her electric bass.
Its touchscreen measuring 3.2 inches, or 81 millimeters, its high-definition video playback, its 32 gigabytes of internal memory and its 8-megapixel camera are impressive.
Lev (South) started correctly, ruffing in the dummy, playing a spade to his ace, ruffing a spade, ruffing a club, ruffing a spade and ruffing a club with the diamond nine.
What if Borel had been on his gelding?
Isn’t Seventh Generation just adding to the problem?
The Clean Feed Fest took place this year at the Connelly Theater, an acoustically favorable hundred-seat auditorium in the far East Village.
But lawyers for Spanish and Latin American investors said Tuesday that Santander had approached some clients, offering to also extend to them a loan equivalent to 85 percent of their original investment.
Disputes also are percolating in the Obama camp and between Congressional committees over what constitutes spending earmarks for special projects, which Mr. Obama has sworn to oppose.
A lone telephone bidder bought “Portrait of a Man, Half-Length, With His Arms Akimbo,” from 1658, right, which had been estimated at $29.7 million to $41.2 million.
The hour-long program will be taped at the new Nascar Hall of Fame in Charlotte, N.C., and shown Wednesday nights at 10, starting Feb. 10.
As Mr. Gioia noted, but Mr. Teachout failed to mention, the survey reported that more than 47 million Americans listen to music online every week.
7 Georgia Tech , would be there standing up to the stigma of the offensive lineman as a nitwit.
“I think it’s been winning 10 games, one at a time.” San Diego (12-3) squashed the Titans’ dreams of becoming the N.F.L.’s first team to start 0-6 and rebound to make the playoffs.
I think we’re really being leveled, and I think it’s very important for poetry to try to preserve a uniqueness of place.” Ms. Shipley, 65, spends her summers on Morgan Point, where she became fascinated by the cormorants diving for fish in Long Island Sound.
But it is not the only firm that will be working on the case.
Mr. Obama, who has a command of the English language like few others, has been remarkably opaque about his intentions regarding health care.
This is the time of year when Sabathia usually pitches best.
Some of these symbols are clear, although I’m not sure I understand others.
And yet — and this is the old part — I’m having trouble making myself care.
In health care, the Obama administration should drop its medical sector deals and try to sell a reform plan — in whatever form Mr. Obama chooses — on its own merits.
“The flickering light, the way it caresses your skin, it makes people look great.
And to enter one of these turn-of-the-last-century buildings and climb the two winding flights leading to the apartment occupied by Elizabeth Lewis is to set foot in a truly alluring world.
“I don’t believe that a new book by an author should ipso facto be less expensive electronically than it is in paper format.” Mr. Bezos disagreed.
But he warned that the harshness of the marketplace had to be tempered and that corporate downsizing and the reduction of government programs “must be done with a heart.” Despite his celebrated accomplishments, Mr. Samuelson preached and practiced humility.
To foreigners, the show of firepower and Mr. Hu’s bromide-filled speech may have evoked memories of the cold war and the former Soviet Union’s performances at May Day ceremonies.
He and two actor friends (Juri Henley-Cohn and Havilah Brewster) come up with a convoluted plan to get the thing produced that involves attributing the work to a fake writer-actor (the Avi of the title).
Mr. Thumann said European business leaders are desperate to expand the system to the United States and eventually across the globe to reduce the “dangers to our ability to compete internationally.” But with talks on a new global climate treaty seemingly at a stalemate, and with climate legislation delayed in major polluting countries like the United States and Australia, those prospects look increasingly distant.
We’re waiting right now to put a name in.” Gary Marx, executive director of the conservative Judicial Confirmation Network, said donors, whom he declined to identify, had committed to contributing millions of dollars for television, radio and Internet advertisements that might reunite conservatives in a confirmation battle.
The defending national champions Tanith Belbin and Ben Agosto are not competing because of Agosto’s injured back.
Democrats said the relief was still needed despite signs that their policies were reviving the economy.
If it were illegal, I wouldn’t be bothered with it.” Across the state, uncertainty remained over what might happen next, a situation one lawmaker described as an unfolding novel with an unknown ending.
Victor Martinez doubled, and Jhonny Peralta did the same, scoring two to put Cleveland ahead by 3-1.
This truism is on full display in the mess at Matrixx Initiatives , a Scottsdale, Ariz., maker of over-the-counter health care products.
Hummel by increasing production, manufacturing at times hundreds of thousands of figurines a year.
Spying and allegations of espionage are not new.
While the stock market has rallied and there are signs of stabilization in the economy, business remains weak.
Political observers are still debating whether this out-and-about style simply reflects the personal inclinations of the Obamas or some political calculus (or both).
There’s something for most tastes at this vibrant festival, where offerings include a new production of Gustave Charpentier’s opera “Louise” and the punk cabaret operetta “Addicted to Bad Ideas: Peter Lorre’s 20th Century.” Stellar musicians like Alisa Weilerstein, the St. Lawrence String Quartet and Todd Palmer will appear in the chamber music series.
Alma ''My health care shouldn't be up to a board of directors at a company.
“We have enough blessings,” his mother says.
University Theater, 222 York Street.
The crippling back spasms that sent Francisco Rodriguez to a hospital Saturday night subsided by Sunday morning.
“They kept the block in order,” said John, standing with his wife, Maria, neighbors who declined to give their last names.
Not three hours after the president spoke on Monday I received an e-mail message from a group representing G.M.
The German foreign minister, Frank-Walter Steinmeier, on Tuesday called for greater European involvement in the rapidly deteriorating situation in Ukraine.
But if you come at him, he comes at you.” It’s the same toughness that Celtics Coach Doc Rivers, a former point guard, displayed during his playing days.
Estimates for supplying one-third of the Army’s brigades with the systems soared to $160 billion, from $92 billion, and the delivery of the first vehicles was pushed back to 2015 from 2010.
If the ball he hit had been correctly, the Twins might have won.
Except that she wanted to get married (she did, and happily) and bear children (not in the cards, but she became stepmother to her husband’s two children, now grown).
“Frankly, standing out there it’s like Groundhog Day,” said David Shanks, chief executive of Penguin Group USA.
“I think it was masked by his work and income and the prestige of the jobs at the cosmetics companies.
At the least, on the first Saturday in May the winning thoroughbred should perhaps be toasted not with a julep but a taste of koumiss, the fermented mare’s milk favored by equestrians in Central Asia.
The difference in the fervor of the conservative advocacy groups (the outsiders) and the Senate Republicans (the insiders) mirrors in some ways the situation Democrats faced for many years.
Doesn’t this just mean another huge buildup of nonperforming loans, with all the work done by Chinese banks during the past decade to improve credit quality being put on the back burner?
Deeds will face Robert F. McDonnell, a Republican who beat him in the 2005 race for attorney general by fewer than 400 votes.
As they were leaving, I asked the owners if they found what they were seeking, and invariably they would answer, ‘Yes, and lots more.’” And while the Heritage Parts Event may have slightly relieved Bentley’s storage problem, it created one for others.
Longtime UFT Delegate passed away peacefully October 29, 2009 after a short hospital stay.
Investors seemed to shrug off a report that said the economy had lost 742,000 jobs in the private sector in March and focused instead on an increase in the number of pending home sales.
New York City firefighters are even guaranteed 96 hours of overtime each year in their contract.
Behind the transformation of Printemps is Maurizio Borletti, the chairman of the Borletti group and its La Rinascente stores in Italy, which have been remodeled as theaters of fashion.
Throughout “Memphis” both the singing and the dancing are accomplished — something not to be taken for granted this season, it appears, in musicals set during the early days of rock.
Everyone, in fashion and out, is wondering the same thing: play it safe, or go for broke?
BOHEMIA Airport Playhouse ''The Wedding Singer,'' musical.
For its part, the Petco Foundation has been involved with pet- food banks since it began in 1999, said Paul Jolly, the executive director.
A rumor surfaced on the Internet that an early script called for her to be a chambermaid to a white woman, a historically correct profession.
To summarize — Pros: 1) Not corrupt.
Companies like Google, Microsoft and WebMD see a lucrative business opportunity in assembling and holding personal health records.
Magazine ads show Mr. Aldrin in profile, in a space helmet, superimposed on the number 40; the radio sits on the surface of the moon.
“It’s been going on for years, but it’s been exacerbated recently.” In the past, clients have not left advisers, preferring the devil they know.
Is there anything that has surprised you about having the top job?
Fish, serving and volleying with throwback flair, defeated Djokovic’s Serbian compatriot Janko Tisparevic in four sets.
“I think you’ve seen the best of cost-cutting and revenue will continue to erode because of line losses,” she said.
The study is the first large analysis of antibiotic use in pregnancy.
I went to “Contact information” and changed the password and the e-mail address.
(The full story can be found at nytimes.com in my column for Nov. 7, 2005.)
Florida Department of Law Enforcement officials said an examination of death certificates, news reports and interviews with former staff members and students confirmed causes of death for all but six of the students.
But regulators gave the banks a break by letting them bolster their capital with unusually strong first-quarter profits and also by letting them predict modest profits even if the economy again turns down.
While his speed has never been a question — Bonifacio stole 157 bases in his last three minor league seasons — his ability to be an effective batter has.
“Because it’s not better; it’s infinitely worse.
Still, if one has a character flaw, Harvard Law will expose it.
There is the Tijuana seafood restaurant where the authorities found a barrel containing decomposed body parts out front and then discovered a body in the dining room shortly thereafter.
As a result, the players strain to listen.
Scott Silvestri, a spokesman for Bank of America, which bought Merrill in December, would not respond to that claim, but said in a statement, “The safety and security of our associates is paramount, and we will always take the appropriate steps.” And there may be more protests.
It’s based off of reaction, so you don’t have time to think.”  How can players satisfy the N.F.L.’s tighter rules to ensure safety while playing with intimidating aggressiveness and passion?
The International Criminal Court prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo said Tuesday that he had lodged an appeal to have President Omar Hassan al-Bashir of Sudan charged with genocide in the Darfur conflict.
Chrysler , which emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy in June under a partnership with Fiat, said it expected the first meeting of the board, now complete with nine members, to be on July 29.
But Pakistan may not have the luxury of the long term to meet them.
“The biggest problem Westchester Square has is the city government dumping on this area,” said John Bonizio, the president of the local merchants’ association .
“The city went into this late, and we think it’s going to come out late,” Mr. Sweeting said.
But senior officials acknowledge that the war in Georgia last August exposed severe deficiencies, despite Russia’s easy victory.
Mr. Gettelfinger did not mention G.M.’s decision in his statement.
But under the new rules, there will probably be two dozen or so executives under him who will be entitled to as little as 10 percent of their pay packages in cash.
The six-game average for the Yankees-Phillies series was 42 percent higher than the 13.6 million who watched the Phillies beat Tampa Bay last year, the worst World Series TV performance recorded by Nielsen.
The audio department’s primary job is to map out which buttons players have to press to play back the music.
Mr. Sullivan’s father, George Sullivan, who also served as mayor, vetoed an initial proposal in 1976.
Visa posted better-than-expected quarterly earnings Wednesday as the credit card network increased prices and cut expenses.
“It does not require a constitutional scholar to conclude that a nude search of a 13-year-old child is an invasion of constitutional rights of some magnitude,” Judge Kim McLane Wardlaw wrote for the majority, quoting a decision in another case.
Mr. Obama’s visit may not produce an immediate effect, they said, but could cement the governor’s association with a popular president — and make it easier to associate Mr. Christie with former President George W. Bush.
He said a middle-aged man lay on the ground, bleeding profusely, while his middle-aged wife stood above him, wringing her hands.
Of those, 194 have been charged and 43 are under investigation.
France, for example, has promised to give mobile providers a portion of the radio spectrum freed by switching off analog television signals for a new generation of faster wireless connections.
calls on Iran and its authorities to stop hostilities against E.U.
“When the concavity is deep, it grips a lot,” he said.
Today the church says it has 100 chapters, mostly in Brazil.
Some of them, such as Representatives Steve Israel and Carolyn B. Maloney, Assemblyman Daniel J. O’Donnell and Thomas R. Suozzi, the Nassau County executive, met with Mr. Paterson in previous weeks.
In an interview, Mr. McNamara explained that in a sector like jewelry, for instance, sales increased 1.2 percent in September from September 2008.
Mr. O’Donoghue, 30, is an associate at the Washington office of the New York law firm Weil, Gotshal & Manges.
He has described their charges as baseless and said he would serve out his term, which ends in 2013.
Mr. Ludin, 35, the Afghan reporter who was assisting Mr. Rohde as an interpreter, has worked with The Times of London and other news organizations.
I was there for 40 days.
''He drove in the 12 Hours of Sebring once, 1959, I believe, and he filed radio reports for CBS between shifts,'' Mr. Davidson said in an e-mail exchange.
PHOTO: DESIGNER: Christopher E. Bangle resigned from BMW last week.
We left the warehouse and made our way to a fancy shopping mall, where we sat down on a bench.
Fights in the senior league result in an automatic ejection, with the instigator getting an extra game's suspension.
YouTube, owned by Google, had a gallery of video clips of Super Bowl commercials ( youtube.com/adblitz ) where the most-watched commercial as of Monday afternoon was the CareerBuilder.com spot from the third quarter.
Wolfgang Schäuble, the interior minister who is in a wheelchair after being partly paralyzed by a bullet to the spine in an October 1990 assassination attempt, played down the need to tighten already tough gun laws.
“Because you know, he can’t be wrong,” says Mr. Millan.
Mr. Erdogan, however, did not meet with him.
“The confrontations are not public confrontations,” said Patrick Griffin, who was Mr. Clinton’s legislative director.
Pre-show conversation with members of the band at 6:45 p.m. Dinner available starting at 4:30 p.m. Nov. 21 at 8 p.m. $28.50 to $55.
The rules would also apply to branches of foreign lenders, to avoid the British government having to step in if a foreign bank failed, as it did last year when it compensated clients of some collapsed Icelandic banks.
But sports cars are the last thing that G.M.
The maps and directions were on different sheets of paper, but you could put only one of them on the stand.
“It’s just like the cellphone,” Mr. Boroff predicted of digital auditioning and the world outside of Hollywood.
The premier event at the American Contract Bridge League’s Summer North American Championships in Washington was the Spingold Knockout Teams.
Unfortunately, the domain name was already taken.
Even a partial collapse of talks with the E.U.
In addition to Sensa, which has been available since last summer, there is SlimScents, aromatherapy diet pens filled with fruity or minty odors; a jar of peppermint-scented beads called Happy Scent; and the vanilla-doused Aroma Patch, which you wear on your hand, wrist or chest.
“We all stand to lose if we do not stop the steep decline in home prices.” The House was originally expected to easily approve the measure last week.
But how could the presence of these physicians be squared with the informal policies discouraging the hiring of Jews?
He avoided President Bush’s hectoring tone and did not confront his host, President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt .
The students had left the building for a group picture, Assemblyman Dov Hikind, who represents the neighborhood, said in a phone interview from the scene of the accident.
The battle shaping up in the Texas Republican Party over whether he deserves another four years mirrors the larger conflict between the Republicans’ moderate and conservative wings on the national level, strategists say.
A section of the Kaplan SAT prep course provided free to all students would most likely be cut ($12,000), along with about half his $107,000 in supply funds, down to basics like paper and dry-erase markers, and limits on color printing and other luxuries.
After signs went up last year in Washington, religious groups took out their own ads.
Only one student, who was Jewish, said he would reject the role.
I'll also say, ''Does everyone need to be here?''
“It has had just as big an impact as ever this season, maybe bigger in terms of the amount of cultural talk it has generated.” The series certainly seemed to be on the tip of tongues around the country this season, with a field of Top 5 performers that was arguably the show’s strongest ever.
Mr. Marul is one of about 60 employees from the shuttered factory who ended up instead on the rolls at what is known as a transfer company in Germany.
The next step is to empower recipient governments to map their own path to development.
Later in his career at the Holding Company, he developed its financial-related businesses in consumer finance, leasing and mortgage banking, as well as its footprint in upstate New York.
Their weight on my shoulder blades.
“You’re seeing a little less resilience to host a corporate golf outing than there used to be.” While Mr. Warner dropped one of his memberships this year, he also added one.
As the son and grandson of Muslims, Mr. Obama has had years to reflect on America’s troubled ties with the Islamic world.
In a speech to black educators the next month, he said: “Your educational credentials are important, but even when you’re prepared for top jobs, the game can change.
He was hoping the hapless Mets organization would overlook all this.
He returned to Cambridge after the war and studied philosophy under Wittgenstein and John Wisdom, earning his doctorate in moral sciences in 1948.
Lewis’s tale is common in this fertile state for high school football, which is why Oklahoma State has recruited in Texas more than ever since Mike Gundy was hired as the Cowboys’ coach four seasons ago.
The popular account of the massacre, which Mr. Naeem retold, was that the family was slain between 4 a.m. and 5 a.m. on April 28, 1978.
“I just gave all into her hands,” Safina said.
American businesses use Cayman companies to help them compete for and service global customers and foreign institutional investors in international commercial transactions, thus creating shareholder value for American investors and supporting thousands of American jobs for United States-resident businesses that provide services to those Cayman companies.
He is the son of Linda Richards of Santa Fe, N.M., and John Frederick of Houston.
A spokesman for Wachtell declined to comment on the legal advice it provided Bank of America.
The graphics, subtitles and voiceover were done in both English and Arabic.
A small forward, he nearly doubled his 3-point shooting percentage.
The summer circuit of tournaments cut into the time MacKenzie was able to spend playing other sports or staying at his family’s second home on the Pamlico River near Bath Creek, where he liked to sail and water ski and fish.
Maybe if someone has a pet giraffe.” The heifer in Jamaica went from a Queens slaughterhouse on Wednesday to a grassy pasture on a 60-acre organic farm in Suffolk County on Thursday.
Some of them are wearable, and they are fun to look at.
“There’s no place else in the world where you can go and stand in the steps of musical icons — play the piano that Stevie Wonder played and stand at David Ruffin’s microphone.
“I don’t care about the red carpet,” she says.
The temple of Apollo — the central stage image for most of the work — was a giant cracked egg, filled with glowing red lava (or something).
Legislation called the Halting Airplane Noise to Give Us Peace Act (the Hang Up Act) is pending in Congress to ban voice communications on wireless devices on commercial flights.
You make it sound guiltless and reasonable.
The general assumption was that Rodriguez was clean.
His security chiefs also announced that the Taliban would allow more polling stations to be open in the south, Mr. Karzai’s stronghold.
This season, starting all upperclassmen, including the national player-of-the-year candidates Thabeet and the senior Jeff Adrien, the men’s team began as the No.
She is survived by her husband Robert, her children Faith and Harold and daughter-in-law Caren, grandchildren Aaron, Russell, Alex, Joshua, Bradley and great-granddaughter Hannah.
Beijing also wants to create more jobs, and it will continue to rely on exports.
(Mr. Gunn’s exhortation, “Make it work,” became famous; Mr. Mizrahi leaves the room with a less inspiring motto, “Keep pluggin’.”) Mr. Mizrahi, who can be very funny as well as flamboyant, is mostly a scold here.
When that time comes, all eyes will turn to Gustave Caillebotte, who painted more than a few pets of exceptional charm.
“They can’t replace it, but they can handle some of it.” Psychologically, perhaps nothing was tougher than seeing Oden collapse Saturday night at the Rose Garden.
The curators make the most of this historically unbalanced group, however, sketching out a pragmatically loose chronology.
We’ve gotten into a rhythm where we can empty our tanks every night.” Neither goaltender has played in more than five consecutive games this season.
Notre Dame is still a big name and whatever happens there, good or bad, is newsworthy.
Muntari’s tears are visible on the big screen.
RIDGEFIELD Ridgefield Playhouse “The Nutcracker,” ballet presented by the Ridgefield Conservatory of Dance.
Clearly, not all rent-regulated tenants can expect to trade up or even get something comparable to what they have now.
“Shhhhhh,” he said; he wanted to soak in the moment.
Mr. Turabi led the country’s hard-line government for years alongside the president, Omar Hassan al-Bashir , but later broke with his protégé.
He was cited for leaving the jugs in the Buenos Aires National Wildlife Refuge.
“And I’m a tough act,” he said.
What’s crackin’?’ ” And continued talking.
The bill has several provisions designed to ease the transition for cash-strapped local governments.
Since 2000, when the league did away with the regular-season shootout and allowed ties in the regular season, only 3 of the 10 M.L.S.
“We can process the information mathematically and reconstruct images like those you would see with a microscope.” Dr. Ozcan’s system may someday lead to a rapid way to process blood and other samples, said Bahram Jalali, an applied physicist and professor of electrical engineering at U.C.L.A.
But in any case, we already have an independent commission.
The family will observe Shiva through Tuesday evening, March 24 at the Brandon residence in Westwood, NJ.
A planned code-sharing partnership between the low-cost carriers WestJet Airlines and Southwest Airlines will be delayed because of a sharp slowdown in air travel, WestJet said Monday.
A senior law enforcement official said Mr. Fiumara now sits on a three-person ruling panel that oversees the Genovese family, which has not had an official boss since the death of Vincent Gigante in 2005.
You don’t need permission for “Big Apple” or a skyline, but you do for yellow cabs or New York City police cars that have detailed city markings, to name two examples you mentioned.
Last year, he was the top Frenchman in the Tour in 14th place.
“It’s the preppy chic these guys have been into, and they’re just refining it, with the right madras, the right pair of khakis, the right cotton sport jacket.” Or, most emblematically, the right gingham shirt.
Equipment sale revenue declined 15 percent, to $1.3 billion, reflecting “weakened economic conditions around the world,” Xerox said.
“Maybe in the future they will find a tag they can put on us like dogs have,” the American hurdler Lolo Jones said.
What this means, practically speaking, is that New Jersey’s voters could simply pay up to $2,500 less in property taxes each year.
The Spartans certainly had a great script and if the Final Four were a movie, Michigan State would have won.
The women who draw blood samples at Mayo do it gently with a whole litany of small talk to ease the little blip of puncture, and “here it comes” and the needle goes in, and “Sorry about that,” and I feel some human tenderness there, as if she thought, “I could be the last woman to hold that dude’s hand.” A brief sweet moment of common humanity.
The upshot is that house-price declines and foreclosures are less a normal market correction and more the catalyst in a vicious downward spiral.
But Harry Mattison, an Allston resident who serves on the Harvard Allston Task Force, an advisory group, said he was skeptical.
GUNTHER FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)(D1); WEB COMMUNITIES: An image from the Web site lamtreatmentalliance.org.
He quoted the Declaration of Independence as saying, “We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all are created equal.” Maybe Thomas Jefferson would have written that if he had lived in this century and not in the 18th.
SCIENCE FAIR A Story of Mystery, Danger, International Suspense, and a Very Nervous Frog By Dave Barry and Ridley Pearson Disney Editions.
“If there is no positive answer by September, we will have to consider further measures,” she said, according to Reuters.
The loop rejoined Route 101, the rarely busy but occasional R.V.- and truck-encumbered Oregon Coast Highway, which we would be following for the bulk of our trip.
Splurging with the millions he’s earned from his books?
Hawaii is home to 84 percent of all coral under American jurisdiction.
People have a deep desire to communicate with animals, as is evident from the way they converse with their dogs, enjoy myths about talking animals or devote lifetimes to teaching chimpanzees how to speak.
She said the Communist Party chief of her village, enraged when she and her husband refused to give him part of their orchard, watched as thugs attacked the couple with cleavers.
You can think, maybe talk, think about the events of 1989.
Fittingly, the dialogue in “The Starry Messenger” is made up of many questions and only partial answers.
Before Steve Sarkisian became the Washington Huskies’ latest coach , he was Sanchez’s offensive coordinator at U.S.C.
Friends worried that she appeared anxious and underweight.
At times the tone is so lurid and foreboding that the film seems like a “Dateline” exposé of sexual predators.
“If the West puts pressure on Iran, regardless of the means of this pressure, additional pressure, increased pressure, do you think the Iranians will retaliate or stand idly by and wait for their fate to fall on their head?” said Ambassador Hossam Zaki, spokesman for Egypt’s Foreign Ministry.
“It was a big win against a National League team.
The shooting has raised questions about how officers can better identify each other, whether they are off duty or in plainclothes, when they respond to emergency calls that require split-second decisions.
“At the White House, nobody said no to an investigation, but nobody ever said yes, either,” said Pierre Prosper, the former American ambassador for war crimes issues.
Through the windshield we see dim figures — Mr. Frank’s first wife, Mary, and their two children — bundled together for warmth.
What my liver disease has taught me is straightforward and practical: being sick does not mean surrendering to all the connotations and denotations that come with being a “sick person.” At the hospital, when my parents would tell me — late at night — “We’re going to stay over,” I would refuse.
Before the beginning of the Industrial Revolution two centuries ago, carbon dioxide levels were at about 280 parts per million.
“In fact, the state Constitution specifically outlines the automatic, temporary transfer of authority to the lieutenant governor in such a situation.” Neal D. Thigpen, a political science professor at Francis Marion University in Florence, S.C., said the ethics accusations paled in comparison with the governor’s five-day absence from the state when he went to Argentina.
Mr. Sander had worked as a bus manager at the authority in the 1980s and was the city transportation commissioner from 1994 to 1996.
Skala; 011-30-224-703-1170; entrees $6.50 to $10.
teams will host a tribute day from Friday through July 10 (dates that coincide with the 1999 tournament).
On May 7, the same jury that issued the life sentence convicted Mr. Green on 17 counts, including premeditated murder.
A year ago, he was a starter at Class AA Trenton, and his career seemed stalled as a sixth-year minor leaguer.
Expanded rankings are available on the Web: nytimes.com/books.
In New York City, that figure can be double or much more.
is executing its strategy effectively.
Tri-State Actors Theater, 74 Main Street.
In a response, Mr. Sorkin and Daniel J. Horwitz, who represent Mr. Madoff, have argued that jailing him would be unfair and wrong.
After slamming the door on that idea last month, the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, Representative Charles B. Rangel , Democrat of New York, opened the door a crack on Tuesday.
“I tell them: you just dream, we’ll figure out how to do it,” said Mr. Oliver, who has a fleet of bulldozers and cranes at his disposal.
A memorial service will be held Saturday, March 21, 2009 at 1:00pm at the Boucher-O'Brien Funeral Home, 7 Pleasant St., Easthampton, MA followed with burial in Main St.
For the nearly 45 years they were in business together, they always shared an office with two desks facing each other.
“As long as the food is cooked to the usual safe temperatures, this system seems fine,” said Elliott Marcus, the chief of food safety for the city health department, about the SousVide Supreme and other immersion baths.
It’s not comfortable, but “you have to suffer a bit for your art,” she said with a laugh.
In the third set Wozniacki broke again to take a 5-3 lead, but when serving for the set could not hold and Kuznetsova had life.
Concern about gang violence in Toronto increased in January when a man was shot on a busy downtown subway platform.
I have nothing to do with it.
Apartment dwellers should examine the ceilings, floors and walls to see if mice could have come from neighboring apartments.
Short of Mrs. Clinton’s testifying that she really did run a serpentine course to avoid that nonexistent sniper fire in Bosnia, she is probably a shoo-in for confirmation.
One issue Lehman seeks to investigate is how much Barclays paid former Lehman employees who went to work there.
It was food stamps, she says, “or eat 99-cent boxes of Ramen and essentially starve.” As the economy continues to sputter, more young people are getting help from the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program.
Congregation Beth Sholom records with sorrow the passing of its esteemed member.
GMAC was one of several firms that sought an emergency conversion into a bank holding company last fall, which qualified it for a host of federal aid programs, including government guarantees of its debt.
Chubb would not say how much its new campaign cost.
A man who was arrested but later released in connection with the rape of a 16-year-old girl outside a high school homecoming dance in Richmond says he did not take part in the attack, but was trying to help the girl.
Telenor maintains that the shareholder lawsuit was a maneuver, led by Alfa, to take control of VimpelCom or force Telenor to sell from a position of weakness.
The commission’s browser case — which has drawn support from Microsoft’s rivals like Google, Sun Microsystems, Nokia and others — appeared to be on a similar, acrimonious track.
The N.F.L.’s news is also of the depressing variety, with Miami defensive end Randy Starks arrested for allegedly hitting a police officer with his truck .
To the Editor: I am happy to locate myself in the “slender overlap” of readers of Jorge Luis Borges and Jean Shepherd whom Laura Miller describes in her review of “Flying” by Eric Kraft (March 8).
“Whenever you’re on one contending team, you usually get traded to a team of lesser talent or less expectations.” Alston should know.
So Jameer Nelson turned away, toward the locker room, toward the off-season.
Witnesses to the suicide and the burning of the bodies were interviewed again and again by Smersh and the N.K.V.D., and some by the British — in fact, by the historian Hugh Trevor-Roper, who wrote “The Last Days of Hitler.” There were no major discrepancies in any of the accounts, so suggestions that Hitler did not commit suicide and had escaped from Berlin represent nothing but gratuitous sensationalism.
So, for example, other regulators don’t want to lose influence to the Federal Reserve, and the Fed doesn’t want to give up its consumer protection functions — two changes that Treasury proposes.
The German Defense Ministry would not comment on the report.
“I know it’s not a good excuse,” he said, “but will I make a difference if I turn this down?” Diplomats and local analysts say that despite some missteps the Movement for Democratic Change ministers, led by Mr. Tsvangirai and Mr. Mutambara, are standing up to Mr. Mugabe and demanding a say in how the country is governed.
Just when it looked as if the television airwaves in Russia were safe for foulmouthed, crudely animated American children, an episode of “South Park,” above, has been censored there to omit a scene that poked fun at Prime Minister Vladimir V. Putin , The Associated Press reported.
Because she and the rest of the family band, Johnathan and His Rhythm Stars, were booked to play the gig.
She declined to give her name, saying she was afraid.
But as Kemp recovered and found the ball, he was bowled over by Ramirez.
For instance, homicides caused by negligence or those deemed justifiable by prosecutors are not counted.
Two buyers broke their contracts after the financial crisis hit, Mr. Della Valle said, but the deals were resolved in the developer’s favor.
What they found in the afternoon mist and fog was an intimate ballpark, with a flurry of activity in every corner.
If that's so, visit the New York Anarchist Book Fair, a gathering meant ''to provide broader access to the rich and varied field of anarchist ideas.''
Abramson said she thinks no other topic of news generates as much feedback.
On a wall near her cubicle, a flat-screen monitor showed that 3,725 calls had been received since 9 a.m.; 389 had been “abandoned,” and 120 people were waiting for 126 operators to pick up.
Public health officials must soon decide how and where to deploy health care personnel to administer the H1N1 vaccine.
Graves, who stood with his wife, Violet, and their three children to watch the raising of the No.
They are also more concise, the artist simplifying landscape features — basically land, sea and sky — to broad swaths of color in order to emphasize the dramatic scenery of the places she depicts.
Their concern centers for the moment on Duhon and David Lee, who had 11 points and 10 rebounds despite badly spraining his right ankle in the first half.
In an interview, Mr. Butler said he did not think the latest concessions would have “a material adverse impact” on drug company earnings.
''The most difficult thing for him is going to be sliding -- especially sliding into home plate, because he has to hit somebody, and there's contact,'' Philippon said.
Mr. Zardari chose a symbolic moment to make the announcement: the eve of the national holiday marking Pakistan’s 62nd year of independence from the British Empire.
You’ve paid taxes and this is your right.’ ” Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg signed an order last summer requiring all city agencies to offer translations in the city’s most commonly spoken foreign languages, including Spanish, Chinese, Russian, Korean and French Creole.
They split a pitcher of sea-blue Waboritas, a cocktail made from Cabo Wabo Tequila, produced by the singer Sammy Hagar.
“It’s such a vascularized organ, and the risk of big-time hemorrhaging is so great, that if the spleen ruptures, it’s a surgical emergency,” said James N. George, a hematologist with the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center.
In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be sent to the Allen Art Museum, Oberlin College, Oberlin, Ohio 44074.
“Anytime you lose potential real estate, it isn’t good,” said David Nevins, the president of Imagine Television, one of the business’s most highly regarded production companies, with shows like “24” and “Friday Night Lights.” Like other companies that supply shows to all the networks, Imagine has to be concerned about any shrinking of the network landscape, though Mr. Nevins added, “if by doing this it strengthens their network, then it makes sense for NBC.” Like NBC, CBS has commissioned research about the move, but it found the results unreliable because, CBS executives said, people cannot be expected to predict accurately how they will react to a still-theoretical program.
Bradford threw 48 touchdown passes and just 6 interceptions.
In 1623, the English Parliament passed legislation to prohibit “profane swearing and cursing.” Under that law, people could be fined for uttering oaths like “upon my life” or “on my troth.” In the Victorian era, the word “bull” was considered too strong for mixed company; instead, one referred to “gentlemen cows.” Times change, notwithstanding the fervent wishes of prescriptivists to keep dirty words dirty.
Anybody out there care for a small Argentine oil field?
May they be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.
He designed the scenery and costumes for the 2006 premiere of Merce Cunningham’s “eyeSpace” at the Joyce Theater in Manhattan.
That was more than the 201,000 cut in August and worse than the 175,000 economists were expecting.
“The landlord doesn’t care about strikes.
The two Koreas have not held family reunions for nearly two years.
But when he saw a notice for JetBlue’s “All You Can Jet” pass, Mr. Rosen jumped.
The Cambodian military not only mined the complex but made off with large sections of bas-relief destined for private homes in Bangkok and beyond.
“He is a risk worth taking,” Mr. Gelb said.
advocated by President Obama during the campaign would help make a retirement account available to all workers.
The suit accuses the police of ignoring Mr. Tankleff’s pleas from the start to investigate his father’s business partner, Jerard Steuerman, as a suspect.
In the nonfiction category, T. J. Stiles won for “The First Tycoon: The Epic Life of Cornelius Vanderbilt,” a biography of the man who fathered a dynasty, presided over a railroad empire and, in the words of the judging panel, “all but invented unbridled American capitalism.” Mr. Stiles, whom the judges praised for his “deep and imaginative research,” took a swipe at the recent move toward electronic books as he thanked a wide range of supporters, including editorial assistants, copy editors and marketing staffers, at his publishing house, Alfred A. Knopf.
The European Union, meanwhile, said that it would soon bolster its anti-piracy flotilla off the coast of Somalia with three new countries joining the operation in coming months.
One major bank, Citigroup, said the new standard would not cause any change in its statements.
company with that sort of margin, when the industry average is 25 percent, would have been impossible, analysts say.
Investigators said it was not clear whether either pilot could have gotten any sleep during the day of the flight.
Disenchanted by her husband’s obsessive quest for the archaeological find that will make his career and riled by the precocious Fabianism of young Patricia and her new fiancé, a cuneiform expert named Palmer, Somerville’s wife, Edith, is enthralled by Elliott’s apparently guileless passion for oil.
Recent statements by Chinese officials have heightened fears that China will scale back its purchases of Treasury notes, which could make it more expensive for the United States to raise money.
I am worried that a public program would have marketplace advantages that make private plans noncompetitive.”
These sorts of moves assume a couple of things.
Frederick P. Hafetz , one of the lawyers for Mrs. Astor’s son, Anthony D. Marshall , objected to what the judge told the jury, saying that it seemed to suggest to the jurors that they had to reach a verdict.
We had to get down before dark.
Both bin Laden and Zawahiri are believed to be hiding there.
Then came more sightings, including one by Dorian Tunell, who was riding bicycles with his 8-year-old son in Tallman Mountain State Park.
In fact, the only Democratic presidential candidate who failed to get a majority of the Jewish vote was Jimmy Carter, the second time he ran.
The Democrats wouldn’t give the money to those corporations.
The 16th hole is a drivable par 4 at 331 yards, but there is likely to be a breeze from the left.
Pick the Right Competition Since their advent in 1984, when the University of Texas at Austin held its first “ Moot Corp ,” business plan competitions have proliferated within academia and beyond.
Mr. Weiner is known as a tireless political street fighter — and trash talker — who had outmaneuvered opponents in races for the City Council and Congress.
Children, in groups of three or four, tried to be the first to devour a doughnut without using hands while the pole was shaken.
They beat up other people in the black jail, but not me.
He likes to say that Jerusalem is the world’s most important city and that 3 billion people have it in their hearts, yet only 2 million visitors come yearly.
The new members are to be sworn in on Wednesday, bringing the total number of seats to 550.
And Josh McDaniels might be wondering why he ever left Foxborough.
Yet after Israelis withdrew their settlers and soldiers from Gaza in late 2005, they killed, over the next three years in numerous military actions here, the same number of Gazans as those killed in this war — about 1,275.
On Monday night, the Saints will play No.
ON Saturday nights in Buenos Aires , the Miramar cafe crackles with the energy of local families, famished tango dancers and gregarious waiters delivering plates of crisp-skinned sardines, shrimp and fresh oysters.
''That language is something I haven't even heard in decades,'' Ms. Pelosi said.
The group includes forward Dominique Ferguson, who is the 10th best prospect at his position, according to Rivals.com .
Day after day in the pages of Barricada, the heroic people of Nicaragua and their revolutionary vanguard celebrated victory after victory in the anti-imperialist struggle.
“They make a last-second shot and seeing them celebrating, it means we are in their heads.” James harrumphed, “Orlando is not in our head at all.” After two taut games and two fantastic finishes, the Magic surely has the Cavaliers’ attention and respect.
His commitment to teaching and to the life of the mind made a lasting difference to generations of Dalton students, parents and colleagues.
She got her start managing the Improv comedy club in San Francisco; worked briefly on “Star Search,” traveling around the country by bus with Ed McMahon; and has held executive positions at MTV, CBS and NBC.
At the moment, Mr. Obama appears to still have the support of Democratic leaders in the Senate and the House, including Senator Harry Reid of Nevada and the House speaker, Nancy Pelosi of California .
There is also likely to be a public comment period on the proposed finding, but there is wide expectation that it will be put in place.
He came to work with much darker whiskers on his fresher-looking face.
Word soon spread that they had joined the Shabaab , a militant Islamist group aligned with Al Qaeda that is fighting to overthrow the fragile Somali government.
The show contains a few works from the late 1960s and ’70s, when he concentrated on performances and sculptures that were sometimes categorized as Conceptual Art, a term he hated.
He concedes that the Jewish state is entitled to defend itself from Hamas missile attacks, but insists that Israelis delude themselves into believing that “peace is achievable without coming to terms with the deeply entrenched Middle East realities that are Hamas and Hezbollah.” How can we Israelis “come to terms” with a fanatical criminal group whose ideology is based on death and martyrdom?
ASHLEE VANCE COMMENTSearch was a convenient feature to offer its users but never the primary reason anyone used Yahoo.
It is not unthinkable that a few of them are even praying for Mr. Netanyahu’s fall.
The opposition strategy did not pay off.
“Poor old Marilyn,” he said encouragingly.
Another obstacle for borrowers is that investors in commercial mortgage-backed securities have divergent interests, depending on their level of risk.
Certainly, the Department of Veterans Affairs needs to respond rapidly and thoroughly to the physical and emotional wounds of those returned from war, but Mr. Blow’s hypothesis and cited studies reinforce a stereotype we faced returning from Vietnam, that war veterans are somehow “armed and dangerous” and should be feared.
The shopkeepers of Bundanoon say they have been amused by all the attention the ban has brought their way, and have even been offered a supply of specially branded reusable water bottles from a major European supplier.
'Oh, you were at the gym, look at you, look at your eyes, I can see you're bruised.'
Today, play is seen by most teachers and education scholars as a break from hard work or a reward for positive behaviors, not a place to work on cognitive skills.
The groups also argue that the authorities simply did not care because the victims were poor.
Handmade rugs from the dropped Burke restoration effort are still rolled up in the lobby, and some of the seats he ordered are still in cardboard boxes, though it is questionable whether they are still usable.
It’s much easier to imagine them being swept away, if the recession endures, by domestic discontent.
She has grown into a senior presence, a leader in the fight for equal prize money.
Also gone missing are messages from top Bush appointees who improperly used private Republican Party e-mail accounts to conduct public business.
For example, Mercer consulted “real-world data” on health care expenses only every five years, a problematic practice given the volatility of these costs.
We relax by watching Jon Stewart, Rachel Maddow and sports every night.
The committee did not reply Friday to requests for comment.
He played with refined legato, smooth phrasing and generous, though never blurry, pedal.
The Capitals led by 2-1 after the first period and by 5-2 after Shaone Morrisonn and Brooks Laich beat Marc-Andr?leury on shots 25 seconds apart in the second.
“When they put all this together they came up with the charges against her.
During his first term, Mississippi had the highest immunization rates in the country, while its tuberculosis case rates fell below the national average for the first time in 30 years and its syphilis rates were below the national average for the first time since the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention began keeping records, said Dr. Luke Lampton, chairman of the State Board of Health.
NELSON--John C. "Larry" on April 4, 2009.
Suntory bought the Frucor juice unit of the French food giant Danone last year for 600 million euros, or $835 million at current exchange rates.
“I think he was holding on for that.” Mr. Goldsmith’s condition deteriorated, and in August he was moved from Utah to be closer to his mother, Anitta Goldsmith, 80, who was born in Austria and moved to what was then called Palestine in 1939.
WHAT WE LIKE Onion soup, Caesar salad, calamari, pork ribs; Kobe beef burger, lamb stew, black cod, mahi-mahi, gnocchi Bolognese; panna cotta, triple chocolate tart, coffee crème brûlée.
Hot is doing, well, everything she can think of to increase those numbers on her calendar.
(In the final between Czech Republic/Japan and Italy Red, neither West shifted to a club at Trick 3 against four hearts.
Q.Does it take the shine off your first year as reigning world champion?
Ms. Rosenberg and Mr. Soffer met in June 2007 at a benefit party at the Jewish Community Center in Manhattan.
star, Mamadou Diallo of Senegal.)
Rebounding both from heart problems and his amusing but canceled Fox series, ''Back to You,'' he returns to network television this fall as the star of ''Hank,'' an ABC comedy predicated on the idea that there's no humbling a fallen honcho.
Like Tom Brady in 2007, Drew Brees is locked in, getting rid of the ball quickly and throwing in a pass-heavy offense with tremendous confidence.
Over the past 14 months, I began to see my visits to Chinatown as a chance to explore a place that was, in many ways, not so different from Hamtramck.
Mrs. Clinton, by contrast, runs a department that is fighting to regain its stature after years in eclipse.
Then it’s my son’s turn to go to his bedroom: he’s into lacrosse, not baseball.
Spending an endowment and its investment income in a decade requires more than doubling grants, a blessing in hard times for charities that rely on grants to provide services.
Yet the 2001 Castillo Ygay gran reserva remains true to the style, graceful, light-bodied and balanced.
“You’d figure they could drop two or three pop-ups and you’d get through an inning.
That would allow for a quick restructuring while keeping intact the previous agreements with the union, the big bank lenders and Fiat.
Further, when they looked at per-play performance — in other words, when they adjusted for the fact that highly drafted quarterbacks are more likely to play more downs — they found that quarterbacks taken in positions 11 through 90 in the draft actually slightly outplay those more highly paid and lauded players taken in the draft’s top 10 positions.
“But we believe we’re doing what is appropriate and necessary.” Thomas E. Lauria, the chief lawyer for the dissident creditors, said that any time pressure for the transaction had been created by Chrysler.
That means that suspending alternate-side rules on Friday for Id al-Adha cost the city $630,000 more than it would have had the holiday fallen a week later.
Rouse said that the findings should “make even skeptics take note.” Ms. Sands acknowledged shortcomings in her work as well as many unanswered questions.
In an op-ed article in Le Figaro last week, Ms. Delpech was harsh about Iran exporting uranium for treatment without any assurance it would stop its own illegal enrichment.
And maybe when the Bay Area finally moves on to its next culinary era, New York chefs will likewise be freed.
“It’s unbelievable, don’t you think?” At the old Texas Stadium, Bird had four seats in a suite that he paid $13,000 for annually.
LONG cast by investors in supporting roles as the steady, old reliables in their portfolios, municipal bond funds have recently taken center stage, returning 4.7 percent in the last quarter, according to Morningstar.
In lieu of flowers, please send donations to Calvary Hospital, 1740 Eastchester Road, Bronx, NY 10461.
In May 2007, the New York Civil Liberties Union filed a lawsuit alleging abuse and neglect of psychiatric patients at the hospital, and later that year the federal Department of Justice began an investigation.
A fourth important development has been large-scale popular and political resistance to American-led policies that often include Israel and conservative Arab regimes.
“The negotiations are closed,” he said.
under Swedish law in February as G.M.
Ms. Day was unaware of any prior sanctioned use of Mr. Kennedy’s image for commercial purposes.
They were on their first Match.com date.
Mongolian artists created a giant lizard with a glistening tongue, while a Japanese team presented a doe and a baby deer leaping in midair.
“We shouldn’t even be talking about it now.” He paused — then a light bulb flickered.
The daily bounty that does not appear on local restaurant menus is available at the farm stand.
But there’s another side of Cape Town as well: the Dutch colonists who settled in the Constantia Valley 350 years ago were determined to tame nature, and they covered the fertile, sun-drenched basin with vineyards that still produce some of the world’s finest wines .
Mr. Jagwasi occupies a role originated by Otieno Jagwasi, his older brother, who died of liver disease before the release of “Ok-Oyot System,” the band’s 2006 debut.
“This is the closest you can ever get to that exhibition.
“A lot of chefs don’t have a natural sense of economy,” he says.
Ms. Salloum said the group needed new costumes, instruments, administrative help and money to plan new programs.
In the case of the Sprint Fidelis, doctors will be making decisions for a huge number of patients.
After the approval, Allos raised $93 million in a secondary stock offering.
“We have a fundamental problem, really,” said David Petley , a professor of geography at Durham University in England and director of a small research group there, the International Landslide Center .
“I was a fire chief 300 years ago,” he said.
6. g. Carol Moseley Braun was the junior senator from Illinois from 1993 to 1999.
“While we may be leaning certain ways based on evidence at the scene and wounds on the bodies, we have not ruled anything out,” Aaron said.
The deeper the memory, the more readily and robustly an ensemble of like-minded neurons will fire.
After racing in virtual anonymity for three professional teams, he had quit the sport because he said he did not want to be associated with its doping problems.
But it is not for everybody in terms of academics and being in a big city.
And if he was willing to question the focus of his Phillies, one of the scrappier teams in baseball, in the middle of the World Series, then he surely would not hesitate to do so in the second month of the season.
“We will either do it out of court or we will do it in court,” Mr. Henderson said.
Mr. Khalidy has worked for American agencies, and he said that as a result he had received death threats and that three cars had been destroyed at his home.
Mr. Christensen, who advised Mr. Marshall on the sale of the painting, testified that Mr. Marshall never told him he would take a commission.
A little after 1 a.m., with a harder rain falling, Owls Head reached its capacity and workers started shutting the intake gates.
“In the past, most of the design was done on the watch movement and the functionality of the watch, but today, the game is more to create a fascination in a watch.” Mr. Young, the industrial designer, said that because of his background, he tended to come to watch design “with a different view of scale and assembly.” “My watches are inspired by bicycles and chairs,” he said.
Mr. Vanska’s Finnish background may give him an edge in conducting Sibelius.
The returned soldier, it is hoped, will grow old and die among us, like Nestor, in whose time “two generations of mortal men had perished.” In our own times, the generation born in the optimistic aftermath of World War II has already encountered veterans of both world wars, the Korean War, the Vietnam War, the Persian Gulf war and our wars in Afghanistan and Iraq — and still has several decades of martial possibilities in reserve.
As an engineering exercise, the project made sense, coming in the aftermath of alarming spikes in global petroleum prices that — this may sound familiar — inspired programs to reduce the nation’s reliance on Middle East oil.
The police searched the river and surrounding areas for Mr. Mendez, who lived about 15 blocks south of the bridge in Passaic, N.J., with the child, her mother and her older sister.
He graduated from high school at 17, served in the Marines from 1953 to 1956, then graduated from Catholic University, where he majored in sociology after starting in engineering.
 Thursday’s column had an error.
There are three different ways to make the iLane shut up altogether.
Rebecca McMackin Brooklyn  To the Editor: “ Sorry, Vegans: Brussels Sprouts Like to Live, Too ” completely belittles the very serious ethical arguments of veganism.
Nicholas D. Kristof, a columnist for The New York Times, sang its praises.
Interest rates were higher on Friday.
Ballet, symphony, theater, tennis fan and book lover.
On the lower floors, the costs and expected rent were the same, both about $5,000.
While many renters and owners say they’ve had great luck renting vacation spots, all quickly add notes of caution and suggest that people double- and even triple-check references.
Nassau County Museum of Art, 1 Museum Drive.
Conservative Republicans who want to discourage the party from backing candidates they deem too moderate are also seizing on the race’s national significance.
To link the two concepts, the dangerously high platform shoes were wound round the ankles with what looked like flesh-colored hose.
But would-be buyers calmed down after learning that the Ram would still have a solid rear axle, which they saw as a sign of durability.
Congress has added up to 53 extra weeks of benefits on top of the 26 typically provided by the states.
“You knew what was being traded, you knew how much, you knew where the new ‘it’ building was and what it had in terms of amenities.
Ms. Consolo isthe chairwoman ofPrudential DouglasElliman’s retailleasing, marketingand sales division.She hasrepresented bothlandlords andtenants, includingmany luxuryretailers.
Just a month after Jeremy Strick resigned under pressure as director of the beleaguered Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles, he has landed a new job.
at www.neuropathy.org for info Piser Funeral services 847-679-4740.
Mr. Morris and Mr. Loglisci have denied wrongdoing.
The diagramed deal occurred during the Truscott Board-a-Match Teams at the Winter Regional in New York, and it helped Robert Heitzman Jr. of Suffern, N.Y.; Jonathan Weinstein of Princeton, N.J.; Michael Prahin of Irvington, N.Y.; and Alex Perlin of Metuchen, N.J., to finish second.
Like all parting White House officials, Ms. Spellings will have the opportunity to bring her family in for an Oval Office photograph with Mr. Bush; her session is scheduled for Friday, a signal that the president is saving his closest allies for last.
As they prepared to mark the war’s anniversary, Ossetians here referred to Georgians as “swine” and “livestock,” and said they would never live in peace with them again.
But our children have plenty of exposure to unhealthy foods outside of school.
WITH: Amber Tamblyn (Casey Shraeger), Jeremy Renner (Jason Walsh), Kai Lennox (Eddie Alvarez), Terry Kinney (Harvey Brown) and Adam Goldberg (Eric Delahoy).
Mr. Kerik, who was once President George W. Bush’s top choice to lead the Department of Homeland Security, faces corruption, conspiracy and tax fraud charges.
His research is prodigious, making it all the more unfortunate that the endnotes are only by paragraph.
Mr. Haas, who has attended courses in Darmstadt, Germany, and at Ircam (the research institute in Paris dedicated to computer and electronic music), has been influenced by spectralism, a style that emphasizes timbre and uses the overtones created by a particular note to produce intriguing sonorities.
“Sonia had to be persuaded to join us,” said Margarita Rosa, a friend from high school.
These may have been tactical concessions, to abate public wrath, but they were well received in Congress.
IMPORT EXPORT Opens on Friday in Manhattan.
The warning to the staff about the undercover patients made the project more amenable to Martien Opdam, a psychiatric nurse at De Riethorst who worked while the plants were there.
Sooner, rather than later, a particular world she had taken for granted would be gone.
Google was quick to recognize the threat to openness and innovation posed by the market power of Internet service providers, and has long been a leading proponent of net neutrality.
Watching screeners confiscate Christmas snow globes, bags of frozen tomato sauce, nearly spent toothpaste tubes, how many of us will have this thought: Are they making this stuff up as they go along?
The truth is, de la Renta’s business wouldn’t be as solid as it is without Annette’s family.
It’s more like a trip to the local haunted house, where even the fake blood and the tape-loop of howling wind you have encountered 100 times before can momentarily freak you out.
Loiter too long, and the bartender might grab a hidden microphone and give sudden voice to Buck, whose mouth moves.
Once you stop growing, you fill out that body with muscle and then you realize you can be as quick as anybody else.
To the Editor: Re “The New World on the Two Coasts” by Anthony Tommasini [Oct. 25]: It was curious that in Mr. Tommasini’s article he only tangentially referred to what should be the primary if not the sole measure used to assess an orchestra’s performance: how good the music sounds.
“Now people are grocery shopping like they’re buying a car.” Sales for the entire retail industry fell 1.6 percent last month compared with the same month a year ago, the International Council of Shopping Centers, an industry group, said Thursday.
A recent Web search turned up a Continental round trip from Newark to the North Eleuthera airport, with a plane change in Fort Lauderdale, starting at about $570 for travel next month.
But Mr. Martin, 60, a mailman near Hartford, said reading Mr. Poindexter’s manuscript “got my juices going.” He located his old tank commander and rekindled their friendship.
Rising from the humblest of beginnings in rural parts now known as KwaZulu-Natal, he joined the liberation struggle as a young man, spent 10 years in prison with Nelson Mandela and 15 in exile.
The more significant moves came after the season, when the Yankees guaranteed $423.5 million to the free agents Mark Teixeira, C. C. Sabathia and A. J. Burnett.
Assessing the probability that Jacoby will develop radiation-induced cancer is difficult, Mr. Stockett said, because medical literature looks only at full body exposures for children at Nagasaki and Hiroshima.
In the United States, approximately 22 million acres are currently projected to be affected.
German unemployment fell for the first time in nine months in July, aided by government measures ahead of the election, but economists expect joblessness to rise in the coming months.
Illustrated by R. Gregory Christie.
“We respect artistic license, but we have to agree that our cigarettes should not be shown in films,” said Mark Smith, a spokesman for Santa Fe Tobacco.
MAVERICKS 113, PACERS 92 Dirk Nowitzki scored 31 points as Dallas won at Indiana.
Neither of them knew what would happen next.
“I think they are making a mistake by not doing some sort of limited run of the series” this spring or summer, said Laura Caraccioli-Davis, an executive vice president of Starcom Entertainment, part of the Starcom MediaVest marketing group.
The question now is how many will want to.
“Sometimes she looks like a primary-school girl and sometimes a pensioner going shopping,” a spokesman said.
To get closer to the crucial early stages of reproductive isolation, Kirsten Bomblies, an evolutionary biologist at the Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology in Tübingen, Germany, and colleagues study hybrids that are the offspring of crosses between strains of plants within a single species.
But the issue really took off when Republicans, fed up with the administration’s handling of Hurricane Katrina and the war in Iraq, turned on the president.
The book quotes Mike Borzello, a former Yankees bullpen catcher who is described as a “close friend” of Rodriguez’s, and says that Borzello continuously had to boost Rodriguez’s ego because he felt that he was competing with Derek Jeter for attention.
Mr. Carlson said the consensus among the passengers — a group of them are communicating online — seemed to be that they should reserve judgment until the National Transportation Safety Board holds a hearing on Flight 1549 next month.
Officials would not say why it was rescinded.
Everyone who cared about you has evaporated from your life, or become an accessory to your self-destruction.
“We are looking for market value,” he said.
Mr. Gates cautioned that “scores,” but not thousands, of soldiers might continue to be affected by the policy after March 2011 if they had skills that were particularly important to the war effort.
McLANE--Camilla Merritt, of Locust Valley, LI on June 18, 2009, age 74.
Only West Side Bernie from the Gotham or Wood fields has enough graded stakes earnings to qualify for the Kentucky Derby.
But, please, don’t just call a meeting and hope the magic happens.
Smith, brother-in-law of Anita G. Smith and Betty Smith.
Where Kid Sister doesn't want to be is the middle.
I want to be with you, Whitney.
When Joba Chamberlain arrived at Yankee Stadium as a rookie in 2007, he quickly became a cult hero, capturing the attention of Yankee fans with his fiery approach and impressive statistics.
Medical personnel were deeply involved in the abusive interrogation of terrorist suspects held overseas by the Central Intelligence Agency , including torture, and their participation was a “gross breach of medical ethics,” a long-secret report by the International Committee of the Red Cross concluded.
In between plot and menu development, Mayle peppers the narrative with wry observations, often in the form of his trademark one-liners.
Others will listen nicely, nod vigorously and then go back to exactly what they were doing before.
I knew it was no mistake that I hadn't received any news of my own that day.
A real estate agent who has had a property listed for some length of time may get a cut as well.
A couple of months ago, I found myself being asked, in a public forum, what language the land uses when it speaks to me.
On the other hand Steve White of the Brooklin Boat Yard said he welcomed visitors.
Mr. Fiennes’s father’s mask drops just once in the book, after a scene in which Richard drives a metal bar through two windows in a fury.
To reduce emissions, Congress has been looking at a mechanism called cap and trade , in which legislators would set a limit on the nation’s emissions and it would decline each year.
This failure rate did not reflect a lack of eagerness from would-be buyers, but only the scarcity of anything desirable.
Ms. Perry is a staunch champion of the retro-futuristic aesthetic occupied by the “2001: A Space Odyssey” stewardesses, “Sleeper” and, to be even more geek-specific, Rudi Gernreich’s costumes for the first season of “Space: 1999.” It is a world in which walls and floors are white, chairs are white plastic things in organic curves, minidresses come in a Peter Max Jell-O rainbow of colors, and there are large photos of Twiggy.
No other markets in the world have the depth and liquidity of those in the United States, experts say.
The guest rooms, which have furnishings from different eras, have the feel of a New England bed-and-breakfast.
Mr. Cox said he saw the tide turning in the Republicans’ favor “as it did from ’64 to ’66 and ’92 to ’94.” But the party’s political operation has only three staff members and $140,000 as of its mid-July finance report.
“Then again,” he says, “people like to dress up.” UNTIL THE LIGHT TAKES US Opens on Friday in Manhattan.
“I was sure it was just a matter of time” before yet another burglary, Miss Suarez said.
I am making my way through “The Conqueror,” the previous entry in Kjaerstad’s trilogy about the life of a TV broadcaster named Jonas Wergeland.
And a few of her characteristics, like an occasional fierce pout (mainly her face tends to be wonderfully bleak), have become exaggerated.
Those wounds as well as the bruising at the entrance of her vagina led the doctor to conclude that the assailants had tried to rape her.
It fell to Admiral Mullen to tell General McKiernan during a breakfast in Kabul , the Afghan capital, two and a half weeks ago that his superiors were moving toward dismissing him, the officials said.
“I heard a lot of this stuff,” he said.
Mr. Levin turned philosophical — and somewhat self-promotional.
The 24-year-old Vonn clinched her second title by finishing 12th at a race in Bansko, Bulgaria, to match the feat achieved by Picabo Street in 1995 and 1996.
One of his first questions was how much authority he would be granted in making significant decisions, much like the one he is facing.
But one job former Gov.
The authorities in Kansas City, Mo., and Miami are also investigating the Mr. Rojas-López’s squad for drug trafficking and killings in their cities.
The country would be lacerated.
Dr. Chlebowski said there was one avoidable lung cancer death over eight years for every 100 women who both smoked and took hormone therapy.
Frogs burped and gurgled in tiny ponds.
He trivialized the two plebiscites in the 1990s that established a two-term limit for major-office holders.
Mr. Brown told the BBC that Arab powers had to apply pressure to ensure that illegal tunnels used to smuggle arms into Gaza were sealed.
But it was at U.A.B.
The metaphor, like most Washington décor, could use some updating (maybe something about a Starbucks latte and its cardboard sleeve), but it is as apt for the 111th Congress as it was for the first.
finals by the Detroit Pistons.
To the Editor: Re “ Tempest in a Soda Bottle ” (Business Day, Sept. 17): In response to the proposal to tax sugary soft drinks, why not reward good eating habits rather than tax bad ones?
There is other hypocrisy to be highlighted.
His critics show that they misunderstand the concept of engagement when they ridicule it as making nice with nasty or hostile regimes.
But I always like to look somewhat feminine.
She was also predeceased by her son Michael T. Porter, formerly of Summit, NJ and Boca Raton, FL; her sisters, Ruth Monser and Martha M. Justice.
The move was designed to deflect international outcries against the rocket launch, said Moon Tae Young, spokesman of the Foreign Ministry of South Korea.
Other tenants started receiving yearly rent increases that mimicked those set by the city’s Rent Guidelines Board for rent-stabilized apartments, with additional increases set to begin in 2013.
“Pay for it.” Until that mentality changes, landmarks like Kurokawa’s will continue to be threatened by the wrecking ball, and the cultural loss will be tremendous.
“In these economic times, everything becomes challenged.” Still, she said, “we stayed the course” on the campaign, which the company began considering in the spring.
He added that while there were lots of challenges that come with being green, it feels good to be giving it a go.
In one middle-class neighborhood, Bambang Utoro, 58, and his wife Ati Herawati, 54, were turned away from the voting station after being told that they were not registered.
Three times she delighted fans at Coors Events Center by singing “The Star-Spangled Banner” before her games, though never a prerecorded version as the other Whitney mimed at the 1991 Super Bowl .
Another Republican senator, Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, said Mr. Obama had made “several distinguished cabinet appointments.” “I think you’re the best,” Mr. Alexander, who was education secretary under the first President Bush, said to Mr. Duncan.
Technologies evolve, Dr. Arthur writes, based on the chaotic and constant recombining of already existing technologies.
Each time, he said he drew blood from Woods, spun it to increase the platelets’ count and then injected a small amount directly into Mr. Woods’s left knee.
On Monday morning, Chelsea and A.C. Milan installed new men to run their teams, while Real Madrid went for the full revolution.
Everything he had learned in Soviet schools — that Moldovans were ethnically and linguistically distinct from Romanians — was wrong, he said.
Written and directed by Wayne Kramer; director of photography, James Whitaker; edited by Arthur Coburn; music by Mark Isham; production designer, Toby Corbett; produced by Frank Marshall and Mr. Kramer; released by the Weinstein Company.
The other OBP winners would have been Barry Bonds in 1993; Dick Allen in 1972; Willie McCovey and Harmon Killebrew in 1969; Ted Williams in 1949; and the long-forgotten Gavvy Cravath in 1915.
One exasperated pediatrician, musing on whether outcome justified cost, suggested a clinical trial to settle the question: one group of tiny boys would get growth hormone and each boy in the other group would each get $100,000 cash.
One assistant started work at 9 a.m. and quit at 2 p.m. after witnessing an outburst.
After the unsuccessful mediation effort, Ms. Barros returned to court this week and was at last prepared to concede that she had received a second check.
One day, barefoot on the floor typing into her laptop, Paige announced to no one in particular, “God, my feet grew overnight.” Her feet are a pet peeve.
2 hitter than Damon, even at 36 years old.
... Detroit forward Tayshaun Prince missed the Pistons’ game with a back injury, ending his consecutive-games streak at 496, dating to April 2003.
The islanders, she said, have all the necessary home appliances, like washers and dryers, refrigerators and stoves.
How could anyone be sure that the ballots were valid?
“These are my Collyers.” And so in “Homer & Langley,” we get a fanciful explanation of why Langley collected newspapers: to create a single, eternal edition to cover every possible event that could happen on any given day.
She arrived there as a roommate shortly after meeting Mr. Singer two years ago on Metropolitan Avenue near Lorimer Street, in front of the warehouse that he uses as a showroom.
You wouldn’t know it from her 5-foot, 88-pound frame, but the marathoner Yuri Kano is something of a maverick in her native Japan.
“Given the allegations the reporter made against local government officials, it is imperative that local and federal authorities cooperate during the investigation into his murder.
There will be no Veritas seals or emblazoned ‘H’s.
Given that her lover is played by the gruff and grown-up Michael Madsen, I like to think she wouldn’t even have bothered with Conor.
Ms. Strong, dressed in an ornate costume and wig, might represent ballet’s past; Mr. Champion her antagonist; Ms. Dewaele a kind of spirit of the dance whose semaphoric gestures are imitated throughout the work by the ensemble, whose attention she continually commands.
Bryant and James play each other only twice a season and even then do not always guard one another.
“This re-emphasizes the imperativeness of being extremely cautious when athletes complain of any symptoms relative to the head or brain,” said Dr. Joseph Maroon, the team neurosurgeon for the Steelers and a member of the N.F.L.’s committee on concussions.
This all started when my daughter was about 3 months old.
PAGE A19 Obama to Change Contract Policy A21 U.S.
He first flew the Blériot XI in January 1909.
He worked with some of his older heroes, including John Fahey, Tony Conrad and the Red Krayola.
He came to America looking for a trainer, and on the second of three stops, he climbed the staircase to Roach’s gym here .
She said her illness has driven her to paint, and she calls every painting a “gift” from the cancer.
He was caught, convicted and sentenced to 18 years, which included a mandatory additional sentence of 10 years under federal law for committing a crime in which a firearm “is discharged.” Mr. Dean argued that the extra time should not apply to accidental discharges.
“There was a good dose of fortune,” Sneijder said.
Without doubting the good faith of the Pakistani government, it is clear that the region is suffering very badly from extremists and we would not want it to get worse.” NATO has 55,000 troops across the border in Afghanistan, and many have come under attack by Taliban and Al Qaeda fighters believed to have sought refuge in pockets of Pakistan’s northwest.
“I gave Halle her line readings.
“First of all, you shouldn’t overplay,” Mr. Oquendo said in an 1997 interview with Latin Beat magazine.
ABC was fourth, garnering its best ratings with “Wipeout” (7.7 million), but struggling with “I Survived a Japanese Game Show” (4.4 million) and “Primetime” (5.6 million).
Normally, such equity would have to go up in smoke before the bondholders’ recovery was threatened.
Best Buy’s sales at stores open at least a year fell 6 percent, and the stronger dollar hurt overseas results.
He was convicted and sentenced to death.
Stem cells, which are not used nearly as often, can’t be derived from ordinary blood donations.
Like a film festival winner without a distribution deal, the rice-based lager has struggled to turn cult status into anything other than good press.
FULL DISCLOSURE It’s important to know the price before you agree to the procedure.
Young people often get good jobs because they have connections.
Diaz also calls King James a, pouty superstar.
When flooding threatened a part of the Midwest recently, she flew there twice and went to great lengths to remind administration officials, “I’m just one senator, but I want to make sure that you understand that Minnesota is under just as high risk as in North Dakota.” And when a Medicaid financing matter that could have meant millions of dollars to Minnesota came up in the Senate, Ms. Klobuchar devoted several days to it, worried that her state’s lack of a second vote might actually threaten the measure.
She manages to be composed — suffering with a stomach virus, she excused herself several times during dinner because she thought she might be sick, but persevered — and simultaneously open, telling embarrassing stories about being recognized during a bikini wax.
You could be tempted to view the New York Philharmonic ’s concert at Avery Fisher Hall on Thursday night as a case of what might have been: Riccardo Muti , who has led the orchestra with increasing regularity in recent seasons, made his first podium appearance here since accepting the role of music director for the Chicago Symphony Orchestra last May.
Posted by Dr. Gerald D. Rosebery , Niagara-on-the-Lake, Ontario
Large organic farms, which some critics call organic agribusiness, have flourished in California.
In one third-quarter stretch, Lopez scored 7 straight points.
Either way, Mr. Wagoner was out.
You chewed your peanut-butter cracker, waiting for the screen to fill.
“For the past five years, Bristol-Myers has sponsored this dinner at the highest level,” Dr. Feinstein said.
Only 10 percent of respondents aged 25 to 34 said they were “very familiar” with Christmas Seals, compared with nearly half of those over 65, according to research conducted by the association.
Buffalo holds the record of 10 in a row, set in 2006-7.
(The strong smell of kimchi was a running joke among the American veterans on Monday).
“I’ve only had one doctor touch me,” Bonds responded, according to a transcript of his testimony.
The radio station France Inter raised questions, and the newspaper Libération had a detailed article on Wednesday headlined, “Supercherie au Supermarché,” or “Hoax at the Supermarket.” It described how some of the women left the store together in a car after the minister left, without buying anything and leaving their school supplies in shopping baskets.
She was told to bring the dog.
The owner of Voci Media Works, Mr. Voci advises companies like Living Proof, which makes hair- and skin-care products, on Internet strategies.
She had invested everything she had, and borrowed hundreds of dollars on top of that.
HOUSING ISSUES Two property-related benefits also need to be considered.
Neighbors became alarmed when they noticed 16 toilets being delivered to the house, and alerted city officials.
Granger is averaging 25.8 points a game, the fourth best in the league.
The event brought together many of the musicians that Mr. Conley had performed with at the Blue Note and Birdland and other jazz clubs in New York in the past 20 years, including the pianist Barry Harris and Mr. Marsalis.
The top five executives at banks that get an equity infusion from the government are restricted from offering golden parachutes, as rich severance packages are called, and any compensation above $500,000 is not tax deductible to the company.
“It’s literally just two lines in the minutes,” Ms. Robinson said about the record of the donation.
But industry analysts estimated that Oracle’s cost savings from Sun operations suggest job cuts of up to 10,000 workers from Sun’s payroll of more than 30,000.
But applying such a story to a dance, however ambiguous, is risky, and Mr. Varone’s rendering is cloaked in somber exaggeration.
Edwin S. Lyman, a senior scientist at the Union of Concerned Scientists , a group that focuses on environmental safety, said analysts could not always anticipate the full range of risks at a given plant.
When you read “These dishes have been sitting in the sink for days,” do you think (a) This is an indicator of my inner weather, or (b) Why don’t they do the dishes?
But honestly, neither seems born to be a convertible.
Noon 10) SHRIMPS IN A CUP In one corner of Chalk Sound sits Las Brisas (At Neptune Villas, Chalk Sound Drive; 649-946-5306), a cafe that offers inexpensive sandwiches (shredded pork, chicken and, of course, conch for about $10) and even more spectacular views.
You could someday, perhaps, read a Snacklish version of this article that quotes Caramel Walker, written by Chewart Elliott for The Nougat York Times.
Hip-hop dance is of course an urban art form that came of age on the streets, not in the studio.
They adapt and expect others to adapt.
WITH: Lola Amaria (Setia Xiao Li), Banlop Lomnoi (Supayong), Keui-Mei Yang (Man-Guang Fei) and Li-Qi Wu (Wonpen).
Turner dominated for most of regulation, while Hasbrouck remained stuck in a shooting slump on the worst possible night.
He withdrew because of injuries from his Nov. 27 car crash, although he was part of every conversation because of the worldwide publicity over reports of extramarital affairs.
During his introductory comments from the stage, Mr. Mathew cited “the art of listening.” Recognizing differences and achieving harmonious compromise, he said, are critical both in global affairs and in a musical performance.
In November NBC Universal committed to “greening” three shows, including the “Nightly News With Brian Williams” and “ Saturday Night Live ,” by using alternative fuels and increasing recycling and composting.
How valuable is it all?
Along with the ill-conceived hot-stone cooking, these fillips as novelty quickly wore thin.
Mr. Bernanke will testify on Thursday at his confirmation hearing before the Senate banking committee.
If only I could fit into pants with a waist size of 31 or 32 instead of my 33s and 34s, I could walk briskly and buoyantly into a crowded school party instead of hovering tentatively at the door, unable to decide whom to approach and questioning whether my approach would be welcome.
“I always wanted a honey store,” Mr. Ceppos said, and he did not know of any in New York.
Some of the old tenants remain, and their battered doors form a distinct contrast with the newer, fancier doors of the renovated rooms.
Nevertheless, the medical-industrial complex has systematically exaggerated the benefits and minimized or ignored the harms.
(Claiborne wrote about her at least a dozen more times.)
According to the composer Anton Schindler, who became Beethoven’s secretary and biographer, Beethoven initially disdained the waltz.
But the increasing variety of Mr. Damon’s roles and the almost perversely self-effacing ease with which he sinks into them suggest the thoughtful, restless sensibility of an actor who, as his frequent collaborator Steven Soderbergh put it, “is thinking about expanding himself as opposed to presenting himself as a movie star.” In Mr. Soderbergh’s acerbic character study “The Informant!” (now in theaters), Mr. Damon transforms himself into a doughy, delusional executive who exposes an agribusiness price-fixing scheme.
“My understanding is that the Secret Service will look at what the Secret Service did,” he said, adding that the president did not have concerns about his safety.
Van Dyck’s superb portrait of his great friend Endymion Porter exceeded the high estimate by 20 percent, ending up at £2.06 million, and one of Luca di Tomme’s admirable panels from a broken-up polyptych, depicting San Bernardo degli Uberti, likewise exceeded all hopes at £937,250.
The candles were fine — another guy picked them up and delivered them.
Temperament is important, but life intervenes.
“There could be a group that says this is proof that the democratic way doesn’t work.” After the civil war ended, the guerrillas demobilized and entered politics.
“Sorry that as children you were taken from your families and placed in institutions where so often you were abused.
On Wednesday, Fred Lash, a State Department spokesman, defended the Security Council’s action as “balanced and appropriate.” “We certainly call on North Korea, as we have in the past, to uphold its commitments” under two documents, he said: a Sept. 19, 2005, joint statement of six-party talks on North Korea, and a 2006 Security Council resolution imposing sanctions.
Beloved husband of Doris, his cherished wife of 62 years.
“There’s a lot of camaraderie among officials because for a couple of hours at least you’re not on the same page as the rest of world,” said Wayne Winkler, a line judge who is a retired Louisiana state trooper.
She joined the Kirov Ballet in 1996 and was promoted to soloist there in 1998.
If the Irish can now be persuaded to approve it, and if President Vaclav Klaus of the Czech Republic -- a critic of Lisbon -- can be persuaded to sign it, the eight-year struggle to overhaul the union's institutions will probably come to fruition.
Yet a separate survey conducted for CNBC demonstrated the political risks of additional spending.
I underscored the importance of delivering on pledges of aid to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
By the time the Knicks waived him last week, Stephon Marbury had collected about $150,000 a day to sit in exile, according to an analysis by CNBC's Darren Rovell.
Hatch spent most of the rest of the season, and his time in Baton Rouge, on crutches, always thinking that he had a Harvard degree to finish.
(Genzlinger) ‘LOVE/STORIES (OR BUT YOU WILL GET USED TO IT)’ Itamar Moses puts the actors of the Flea’s youthful Bats troupe to the test with five short plays full of mood swings and character transformations.
Bryant moved from the shelter of his intact family to the N.B.A.
Mr. Mbekeli accepted the job, to maintain a 114-unit residential property that Mr. Cooke had recently bought in Odessa, Tex.
It is a welcome endgame to a season in which the seminal rivalry between Nadal and Federer has been halted since May, when Federer started his charge back to the summit by successfully attacking a weary Nadal on clay in the final in Madrid.
In real life, the Israeli production staff refused to travel to Ramallah even for informal visits — they feared for their safety — and many of the Palestinian crew didn’t have permits to enter Jerusalem.
The shootout broke out after police raided a militant hideout in the western district of the teeming city of 16 million people.
You have to concede that the Mulleavy sisters, like them or not, have their own point of view.
His father is the assistant secretary general for the capital master plan of the United Nations.
“I don’t see any basis for a state court to do this,” Mr. Petrich said.
They described the insult of people walking on a large logo of the Indian face on the floor of the hockey stadium.
Thus, had the deal gone through, Iran could have benefited from a head start toward making weapons-grade 90 percent-enriched uranium (meaning that 90 percent of its makeup is the fissile isotope U-235) by starting with purified 20 percent-enriched uranium rather than its own weaker, contaminated stuff.
Sam Mendes ( “Revolutionary Road” ) directed from a script by Dave Eggers and Vendela Vida.
Lyon tops the standings with 56 points, one more than Marseille.
The 25th-ranked Aztecs (3-1) whittled the lead to 81-79 with 29 seconds left before free-throw shooting sealed the win.
Still, as the Vancouver Games near, Miller said, his conditioning must improve.
His mother is a lawyer in Brooklyn.
The New York Times Company, which offers the Times College Scholarship to New York City high school students, this year cut the number of scholarships it provided to 12, from 20, according to a spokeswoman.
complaint said brokers raised $61 million from 2002 to 2006 from investors, but then enforced a policy that prevented investors from selling their stocks in Sky Capital Holdings and Sky Capital Enterprises.
Mr. Corzine has crowed about the successful recruitment, and been unapologetic about poaching jobs from New York, but he and his advisers have avoided suggesting that his Wall Street connections might have helped seal the deals.
Later, his family said, he began experiencing flulike symptoms and difficulty breathing — common symptoms in first responders that doctors called the “World Trade Center cough.” He died in January 2006 at his parents’ home in Ocean County, N.J.
He lives six blocks away.
One possibility is to raise the maximum proportion of ethanol in gasoline to 15 or 20 percent.
At the shops of other chocolatiers on Long Island, the symbol of the holiday gets different twists: Chocolicious in Locust Valley makes the box itself of chocolate; Lazar’s Chocolate, based in Great Neck, sells small hearts wrapped in red and pink foil; and Azure Chocolat in Centerport strings hollow chocolate hearts with notes inside like “All you need is love and chocolat.” Most of the confections at Schwartz’s are unchanged since the store opened in 1939 on the Upper West Side of Manhattan.
Meanwhile, Woods’s neighbors, who rushed out of their house to help him and called 911, tried to clear up some of the mystery surrounding that night, saying through their lawyer that Woods’s injuries appeared consistent with a minor car crash and not an altercation with his wife.
Armed gunmen came ashore in Equatorial Guinea on Tuesday morning and headed for the presidential palace before being repelled, the government said.
Full reviews of recent art shows: nytimes.com/art.
In a village in Herat Province, Nezammuddin, a 37-year-old butcher, offered a definition of democracy that would win smiles from many American civics teachers: “Government of the people, by the people, through the people,” he said.
Everything was included, down to the framed photographs of farm animals and a hand-cranked coffee grinder that decorate the tent.
“Crazy Love” moved 132,000 copies, according to Nielsen SoundScan, opening at No.
Proving that the payments violated New York’s so-called fraudulent conveyance law, which enables creditors to sue to recover unjustified compensation in certain cases, would be difficult because of high legal hurdles.
PAGE A13 OBITUARIES HUBERT VAN ES, 67 A Dutch photojournalist who covered the Vietnam War, he took one of the best-known images of the American evacuation of Saigon in 1975, of people scaling a ladder to a helicopter on a rooftop.
At the same time, his campaign has attacked the education record of Comptroller William C. Thompson Jr., a former president of the Board of Education and the Democratic nominee for mayor, who says Mr. Bloomberg has overemphasized standardized testing and squeezed parents out of the system.
A week earlier, three players — Jonathan Fanene, Domata Peko and Rey Maualuga — were frantically trying to reach relatives in Samoa, which had been devastated by a tsunami.
And many companies distill their oils to help remove contaminants.
He then pushed his next tee shot into the rough and needed a 6-footer for par.
Her father is the general counsel of Integro, an insurance brokerage in New York.
He was never much of a Rolling Stones fan; the name for his restaurant was suggested by one of several fraternity brothers who were co-investors.
And also, more locally but more expansively, a film series at the Brooklyn Academy of Music is devoted entirely to movies released in America in 1962.
More than that, he made it, as his title indicated, an affair of dreams or confused misapprehensions and late-nocturnal anxieties, sometimes suggesting little “Who am I in bed with?” panics.
Richard Phillips by simultaneously shooting three Somali pirates were members of an elite Navy unit called the SEALs.
An obvious place to put a station at ground zero would have been at the northeast corner of the former World Trade Center site, just above the PATH tracks and the No.
The new analysis, which looked at 18 studies with 45,000 American and European patients, concluded that starting earlier saved more lives, so treatment should begin when the count falls to 350.
Hu Yaobang and Zhao Ziyang were only at province-level officials [after the start of reforms].
After it drew an average of 16 million viewers per episode in its first season, its audience has steadily decreased, to an estimated 13.5 million per episode last season, according to Nielsen Media Research.
Andrew Rowe, Global Card Services strategy executive at Bank of America, said the new products represented a sea change in the bank’s attitude toward consumer products.
After years in Angkor Wat, she'd had the option of transferring to a hotel in Europe or the United States.
That was in the early ’80s, and the Blitzses were members of the Communist Workers Party, helping to organize factory workers.
Among some global warming skeptics, there is speculation that the Sun may be on the verge of falling into an extended slumber similar to the so-called Maunder Minimum, several sunspot-scarce decades during the 17th and 18th centuries that coincided with an extended chilly period.
But their aides point out that they stay in close touch via BlackBerrys and cellphones and take appropriate steps to ensure that power is transferred to a second in command when they leave town.
It also promoted dealings with a person who had been reported to Citibank Japan several times for suspicious transactions.
But on Wednesday, the mayor’s authority over the school system, which has grappled with low student achievement for decades, appeared to be nearly intact.
And if you want an inside look at the tweets that cost the Mavericks’ owner, Mark Cuban, a $25,000 fine, there is one here .
Another cleaner, A&C Chimney Cleaning of Hollis, Queens, had also advertised in her neighborhood, offering low rates.
Part showman, part visionary, he enlivened the city’s restaurant scene with over-the-top creations like the Forum of the Twelve Caesars, which Grimes calls “an amusement park for the senses,” and more serious offerings like the Four Seasons.
The expedition found no clear evidence that Mallory had actually reached the top, as Sir Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay finally did in 1953.
The statement came in a June 22 letter to the Securities and Exchange Commission, which had asked for details on Sotheby’s compensation system, along with other matters.
One of the most popular of the shirtdresses is from J.
Bekele, smooth to the point of hypnotic, continued to glide comfortably along on Tadese’s heels, brutally fast lap after brutally fast lap.
Mr. Markowitz is a Democrat; Mr. Bloomberg is a Democrat turned Republican turned independent.
He had a dream to get into baseball, and if he did not pursue it now, he might never get another chance.
Judging by affectionate correspondence from his readers, found in the bag, one can ascertain that Champion lived up to his name.
But a senior Merrill trader and a former senior Merrill executive contend that there were no “significant” trading losses taken in the quarter.
In “The Possession of Mr. Cave,” Matt Haig takes on the unspeakable terrors.
At the start of the 20th century, Henry James pronounced New York “a provisional city,” a phrase echoed decades later by Le Corbusier .
But that money is only a small fraction of what is needed, officials say.
Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP mourns the loss of Brooks R. Burdette -- our dear partner, colleague and friend.
In the new brain-mapping project here, set to catalog many donated brains, scientists will have the ability to study areas of Mr. Molaison’s brain at a level of detail that imaging cannot reveal, to solve lingering mysteries about the man and the brain.
He performed at hotels in Waikiki; opened a hula school and recorded albums of modern songs.
Mrs. Hatch, 30, recently completed her third year of medical school at the George Washington University.
All of the slides were prepared by Dr. Biederman, according to his sworn statement.
“The kid, for me, is pure joy.
Study,'' Sept. 30: Dr. Ira Casson, the league's primary voice in denying any association between an N.F.L.
In 1965 he founded George P. Clarke Advertising, Inc. where he became a leading expert in marketing and advertising to automotive and financial clients.
He has doled out raises and hired a number of loyalists, many with ties to the Soundview HealthCare Network , an organization he founded in 1978, which remains under scrutiny by the state attorney general and the Bronx district attorney.
“They didn’t want all the players to be harmed because of one,” Scott said.
But I wouldn’t have anything to say.
The Agriculture Department said the median beef recall last year was 7,733 pounds.
I got the question.” Later, as Mr. Obama talked about the virtues of freedom of expression in Iran, Helen Thomas piped up from her seat in the front row, “Then why won’t you allow the photos from the guards?” (She appeared to be speaking of his refusal to release photographs of abuse of prisoners by military guards.)
I underwent chemotherapy in 1999 and again in 2004, thanks to a profoundly unwelcome recurrence.
I would eventually discover several friendlier nurses or nurses’ aides with whom it was possible to talk about the bizarre reality of being on a psychiatric unit with a locked door and fiercely regulated visiting hours (5:30 to 8 on weekday evenings and 2 to 8 on weekends) without feeling like an official mental patient.
The play declines to offer a linear plot or make an argument, instead assembling a collage of the people, institutions, opinions and beliefs that together construct the city.
A few jurisdictions have adopted new strategies designed to keep the police out of minor disciplinary matters at school.
“This is the question that is being posed in Copenhagen,” said Robert N. Stavins, director of the environmental economics program at Harvard University.
Wholesale syrup prices are set at the end of the season, so they won’t be known for months.
“For the most part, it was my first time meeting folks from wealthier communities and wealthier families.
TAKING LEAVE A Washington Nationals special assistant, José Rijo, is taking a leave of absence after a Major League Baseball investigation revealed a prospect he discovered was older than originally believed.
Mommy, 15 years and five grandchildren (and one on the way) later, we hope we've made you proud.
Monday at 7 p.m. $12 and $22.
In retrospect, the malicious rumor among the kids at school that he was already shaving was probably true.
Google also said in a letter to publishers that it had offered European publishers representation on a board to oversee a “book rights registry,” which will distribute royalties from digital book sales under the plan proposed by the settlement.
Juan Pablo Montoya rallied from a lap behind to finish ninth, and Elliott Sadler rounded out the top 10.
Through a team spokesman, Bedinghaus declined to be interviewed.
Harvey A. Silverglate, a criminal defense lawyer in Boston not involved in the case, said he was troubled that the F.B.I.
So were Jerry West and Larry Bird and Olympic coaches dating to 1960, with the exception of Pete Newell, since deceased, and Bob Knight.
If that is not enough of a challenge, there is also turmoil within his family.
These charges increase the offender’s temptation to simply drive without a license.
“I love to cook; I just don’t have enough hours in my day,” said Ms. Facchini, who learned about Fresh Daly by Lilia , Ms. Daly’s business, through a family friend.
The Bears-Ravens game also was moved to 4:15 p.m. from 1, but in this case it was because the Bears did not make it to Baltimore before the weather turned.
There is no such thing as a fair market value; it’s a fair market value in the minds of each person.
Jamie Hais, a spokeswoman for the D.O.J., said she couldn’t comment on why the department suggested the species restriction.
I just wish they wouldn’t taunt me.
Other writings celebrated Karl B. Hill, an unconventional banker who muses that it would be convenient if all the McMansions built with financial flows from Asia could now be exported to improve America’s foreign trade balance.
The police said Mr. Chao, who was not charged, left the van on East Broadway with the engine running, believing that it was in park.
He often argued that historians have an important role in shaping policy, a position he put into practice when he worked with Marshall’s team of lawyers in their effort to strike down segregation in the landmark 1954 case Brown v. Board of Education, which outlawed the doctrine of “separate but equal” in the nation’s public schools.
It estimated the national turnout at around 1.2 million, five times larger than last year, and at 160,000 in Paris.
It’s so uninteresting and we have no time.”) In giving its Sunday programming a theme and a name, NBC is using a marketing strategy more common on cable than on the broadcast networks.
Otherwise there is no one for that patient.
He could jump and take a quarter off the top of the backboard, which meant that his head was on the level of the rim, 10 feet off the ground.
“The one weakness Chinese automakers appear to have is that they don’t listen to consumers very well,” Mr. Peterson said.
In Puerto Meluk, a river port with bars blaring vallenato music and stores selling chemicals used to process coca into cocaine, some Embera refugees cooked in a swamp reeking of raw sewage and recounted stories similar to those upriver: of beatings and threats in their villages, then displacement here.
But, he added, “There are going to be big bonuses this season.
I realized that I was in trouble.
Riders are not supposed to be out of the sight of the inspector during a doping test.
“By catching them at a time when they’re pausing the program, when they’ve finished with a program,” said Tara Maitra, vice president and general manager of content and advertising at TiVo, “the viewer’s main reason for being there isn’t being interrupted.” TiVo is not the only company devising a solution to commercial-skipping.
At the meeting, Mr. Dillner said he had recast many of the vacant roles and hired a director to replace Mr. Theisen in the theater’s opening production of “The Barber of Seville” but did not give their names, according to The Journal Sentinel.
As the play’s star (she is also a producer), the rhythm and demands of live performance have inspired Ms. Chang to think of the next phase of “Design’s” evolution: as a full-fledged musical, a form she plans to experiment with in coming months.
Complaining of bloody ankles caused by, well, running in heels, she sobs to an unsympathetic taxi driver, “This is incredibly important, sir.” This dress has people to see.
Everyone can list a local favorite that closed in 2009, done in by the economy.
“Some people called me a jackass and told me to take the money and run,” he said.
“The prices that are being paid by foreign entities who want horse meat is what’s driving slaughter, not the oversupply of horses,” Waldrop said.
Except, of course, for the slaves.
(Vampires, too, can be done in by their addictions.)
In March of last year, the percussionist Gerardo Rotblat, who had not been ill, died suddenly of pulmonary edema at 38.
As ever, many hundreds of people flocked to the academy for a morning of music and of praise for the visionary civil rights leader, who was struck down in his prime, still a work in progress.
He loved to fish for trout and hunt elk, deer and bighorn sheep.
Court administrators said it is likely they have seen only the first wave of recession cases because courtroom battles take time to brew.
The show, to be produced by AEG Live, will open on March 5 at the hotel’s Paris Théâtre and will be directed by Jeffrey Hornaday , the choreographer whose credits include “Flashdance” and the film version of “A Chorus Line.” It will be Mr. Manilow’s second stint on the Las Vegas Strip, after a residency at the Las Vegas Hilton from 2005 to 2008.
Disqualifying players with any significant concussion symptoms could backfire, experts have said.
Of all people still running banks today, Bank of America’s chief executive, Ken Lewis, should have known better.
The building stands beside what were once the headquarters of the Gestapo, the Nazi’s secret police force, and the Berlin Wall that divided the city — and Germany — for decades.
He has not taken to the trappings of power, choosing to live in a modest home in the country.
HERE is just one measure of how severe the impact of the recession has been on New Yorkers’ shopping habits: In March 2008, 24,000 potential customers walked through the doors of the four Olive & Bette’s stores in Manhattan.
Cook, a gregarious 68-year-old who lives in nearby Ayr, was walking the Ailsa course with his camera last week, snapping photographs from the elevated vantage points provided by the temporary grandstands.
On the surface, at least, the government’s approach to the outside world has been markedly different.
But Mr. Buglione said he worries about costs in subsequent years.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY DAWN VILLELLA/ASSOCIATED PRESS)
“It would break him,” DeMint added appealingly.
Mainz finished with 10 men after Chadli Amri was ejected in the 68th minute.
Ponder was 21 for 26 for 195 yards and Ty Jones ran for 108 yards and a touchdown.
Goes down a bomb, in fact.
What is more, the peak unemployment level that regulators used to drive their loss estimates is roughly what current rates are on track to reach.
We extend our heartfelt sympathy to her bereaved family.
World Bank analysts also took a more pessimistic view than the Russian government, whose experts are predicting a 2.2 percent contraction.
In Goldman’s 142-page initial offering, there were lots of boilerplate warnings, like “The Company expects to be highly leveraged, and the Company’s indebtedness could adversely affect its financial situation.” But nothing like: “Wild man atop flow chart will lose interest in movies and attempt cross-platform mogul status.” About as close as it gets is a promise to “opportunistically seek to form strategic relationships” and “consider ownership stakes in its partners.” It also predicts more than $160 million in profit by the end of 2009.
“It was a full-time job,” he said.
Recruitment of potential Ph.D.’s is another responsibility of Dr. Sarkar’s, and he said he would look for students interested in areas like green technology, alternative sources of energy, global climate change and human health.
A faction of residents had tried to replace the board by filing a lawsuit to change the election process.
Handy countered that with his plan, utilities would save money on dealing with delinquent accounts and spend less money disconnecting and reconnecting homes.
Now that would be gone.
In more than 80 years as a publicly financed broadcaster with an audience of millions at home and around the world, the BBC has rarely been buffeted as severely as it has in recent days over its decision not to broadcast a television appeal by aid agencies for victims of Israel ’s recent military actions in Gaza .
“This is the worst recession the semiconductor industry has seen since its inception,” said Sean M. Maloney, the chief sales and marketing officer at Intel, at a news conference Monday.
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg ’s plan to create or preserve 165,000 units of housing for low- and moderate-income families by 2013 has been pushed back one year because the economic recession has stifled the financing of low-cost housing.
“This concerns me greatly because it reflects adversely on the commission,” he said, referring to the Financial Services Regulatory Commission.
The awards will be given in Nashville on Nov. 11.
And the danger of runway collisions, with near miss piled upon near miss, has prompted improvements, but not a solution.
As much of the Russian natural gas that goes to Europe runs through Ukraine, the cutoff affected European supplies — in the middle of winter.
Senator Robert Menendez of New Jersey, the chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, said Democrats were providing guidance, if not quite a re-education program, to help Mr. Specter move forward.
Yahoo is planning a new round of layoffs, the first since Carol Bartz became chief executive in January, according to several people with knowledge of the situation.
ON the morning we launched our kayaks from the boat ramp, it was sunny with a few fat white clouds drifting across a blue sky.
It was a humbling reminder of how far two of America’s largest companies had fallen.
“Once I did it, and got Marty’s feedback, it seemed a viable job.” Weisman offered her a deal to call six games in the 1989 season.
But the soprano Anna Caterina Antonacci is a favorite in Paris, as she is likely to be anywhere she appears, and the Théâtre des Champs-Élysées is currently presenting “Altre Stelle” (“Other Stars,” Dante’s term about the power of love), a program of landmark French opera arias linked by the theme of unrequited love.
Whether today’s digital natives are studying biology, history or English literature, learning depends on focused reading, critical thinking and application.
The British duo Mark and Sally Bailey are masters of “undecoration” — what they call their find-something-old, strip-it-down, give-it-new-life decorating style.
Last year’s dinner guests included the dean of students, the director of ethnic programs and services, and financial aid advisers.
“He’s not arrived yet, he’s still circling the airport,” Smith said.
“Since there wasn’t time to design an engine from scratch, we looked for the smallest existing engine capable of supplying 67 horsepower, which turned out to be G.M.’s Family Zero design used in Europe, Asia, Africa and the Middle East.” Mr. Bereisa continued: “When you map an engine’s power versus r.p.m.
Coach Tony Dungy, the offensive coordinator Tom Moore and the quarterbacks coach Howard Mudd never seemed to be doing much -- after all, how much coaching and coordinating does Peyton Manning really need?
And it was during one of those pickup games that Hatch’s plans were once again thrown into disarray.
She is most comfortable examining the male-female sexual dynamics.
I’m still here.” Finally he was getting somewhere.
As an inquiry into what it means to be human, it transcends the history of psychoanalysis and underscores Jung’s place among revolutionary thinkers like Marx, Orwell and, of course, Freud.
That strategy runs counter to Dell’s traditional approach of producing PCs at its own factories.
The restaurant, founded in 1882, had once played host to the musical elite of the German-speaking world, who were delighted to find Würzburger beer and boiled beef with horseradish sauce at 110-112 East 14th Street, between Third and Fourth Avenues, only a few steps from Steinway Hall and the Academy of Music.
“People who tell you they know what’s going on there don’t know,” said one official, who spoke anonymously because he was not authorized to speak publicly.
CAPITALS 2, FLYERS 1 Washington avenged its only loss in a month when Viktor Kozlov scored the lone goal in a shootout against visiting Philadelphia.
“So far we’ve done that with Johan, Frankie and Carlos, but when it’s all said and done, it’s about winning baseball games.
“You still wouldn’t mess with it.” It made sense to be somewhere with this acclaimed novelist while he observed, rather than participated in, what was going on around him.
“If you’re just sort of moonballing, you don’t get tired because you’re not really putting anything into the shots.
The authority said in a written statement that it would carry out “cash management strategies, revenue actions and expenditure reductions as necessary” to cope with reductions.
For many years Schrafft’s leased a large store there with an entrance on Broadway, and in 1944 Joseph P. Kennedy, the father of President John F. Kennedy, bought the building as an investment.
Like the Union forces in the Civil War, Brown used violence in the service of ending violence.
I only wished the Kodak Gallery people would come to my house, too, and help me sort through a few more of my photos, maybe throw out that whole stack of overexposed snapshots of a day we spent at a carnival on Long Island in 1992.
“We did our makeup together,” said Ms. Connelly, tossing off a tidbit for the video crews.
“You can’t really get away from someone.
What’s really important: Sensor size.
sweep by so fleetingly and confusingly that one is constantly, tiresomely driven to study the genealogical chart wisely included in the book.
About three weeks ago, the ministry retreated and said further review was needed.
Powers said, as if being the center of attention will be a novelty.
His story goes like this: The leftist Democratic Revolution Party found itself divided and Clara Brugada, a former congresswoman who sought to represent Iztapalapa, was bounced from the ballot by an electoral tribunal in favor of a rival.
“I think that’s a play he’s trying to make and he knows who’s running and I think he thought he had a shot,” Phillies Manager Charlie Manuel said.
“At this point, this is where I am, this is where my commitment is,” Avery said.
American negotiators were limited in Kyoto by a Senate resolution saying that the United States would not accept numerical caps unless China did as well.
I considered the “house-made V8” a transparent attempt to justify the recent purchase of a commercial juicer, despite Peter’s avowed interest in the carrots and beets in the basement root cellar.
Such is the case with Milton Babbitt’s tedious “Little Goes a Long Way” (2001), which was given a committed performance by the pianist Steven Beck and the violinist David Fulmer in Paul Hall at the Juilliard School on Thursday.
The carbon would then be stored in a deep well on the site or sent by pipeline to an old oil field, where it would stimulate oil production.
Trinity Episcopal Church, 130 Main Street.
The alliance is expected to be completed by April, although questions remain about what will happen to Daimler’s 19.9 percent stake in Chrysler.
They have struggled against Carolina, a team they beat in all four regular-season meetings.
The other monster was less created than fused.
She’s chastised by the world, and then she comes back, and she has a new person inside of her that is dying to teach us how to be better people ourselves, whether we’re at times of war or times of fatness.
ABC placed second as CBS won the night with “Survivor” (12.3 million), “CSI” (15 million) and “The Mentalist” (15.7 million).
As to whether Honest Abe provided the inspiration, “we couldn’t find anything that was conclusive one way or the other,” Ms. Johnson said.
Joshua Dratel, a lawyer with the John Adams Project and a former board member of the National Association of Criminal Defense Attorneys, also confirmed that the group had learned about two weeks ago that the F.B.I.
... J. J. Putz’s wife, Kelsey, gave birth to the couple’s third child, Joseph Ethan, on Wednesday in Arizona.
Donations may be made to The Lustgarten Foundation, www.lustgarten.org.
Discuss this common situation with your partner.)
As avid scuba divers, they visited and photographed coral reefs and underwater volcanic ecosystems all over the world.
People on the Duke side were crying.” Hill was sitting next to siblings of two Duke players, Antonio Lang and Bobby Hurley.
Should you return a donation made in March?
The film was a hit at the Sundance Film Festival this year.
For Osorio and the Red Bulls, the numbers tell a dire tale.
When he arrived in Washington in 1975, he was two years out of Cornell Law School, where he met his “extremely empathetic wife,” Judy, also a lawyer, who he says has helped him keep his critics’ attacks in perspective.
Now, with that equity often dried up, they are presenting themselves as “foreclosure rescue companies” that charge upfront fees to modify loans but often do nothing to stave off foreclosure.
The use of kettling at the G-20 protests tended to make even peaceful protesters agitated and defensive, which in turn raised the temperature of the police.
Sergeant Blaylock’s girlfriend, Heidi Plumley, sees things more starkly.
Of course, if you were trying to explain the humor of a particular Python sketch to someone who hadn’t seen it, you had to tidy it up, to give it the more obvious shape of a traditional joke.
Data from three spacecraft indicate the widespread presence of water or hydroxyl, a molecule consisting of one hydrogen atom and one oxygen atom as opposed to the two hydrogen and one oxygen atoms that make up a water molecule.
Even Mr. Vanel got a few calls from people reporting, say, illegal car-repair shops.
To the Editor: Re “ Three Americans Share Nobel for Work in Cell Biology ” (news article, Oct. 6): How wonderful that three Americans, including two immigrants, shared a Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine on Monday.
The improbable Kentucky Derby champion Mine That Bird , the super filly and Preakness winner Rachel Alexandra and the Belmont stakes victor Summer Bird have been poignant actors over the past five weeks in horse racing’s Triple Crown drama.
“High-school-age players look up to the N.F.L.
Improvements in the health of Asian women and children accounted for a significant share of that continent’s economic growth from 1965 to 1990.
Under pressure from regulators, who were trying to ensure that long-term performance was rewarded, the banks agreed to award more in stock, deferring cash payments.
Deval Patrick has proposed using part of an increase in the state gasoline tax to prevent such action by the agency.
The floors in this and the other basement rooms — which include Mr. Cross’s dressing room, bathroom and sleeping nook — are, of course, marble.
We do have a problem with doing it in a budget-neutral way.
He was not shelled and did not make any egregious mistakes and when he walked off the mound in the seventh inning the score was tied at a run apiece.
On Jan. 13, 2008, a dying but not dead organ donor was brought to the operating room and prepped for withdrawal of support for the first time in the hospital’s history.
It sometimes seems as if the Lord himself is the only person not inside this room, a 10-by-12-foot sinkhole with more space on the mattresses than the floor.
That is all.” My parents have always slept with their bedroom door open, and for years my brother slept on a cot near their bed.
Cisco’s shareholders, on the other hand, have seen the value of their stock decline by roughly a third over the last decade, despite — or perhaps partly because of — its prolific deal-making.
He added that the new configuration “provides a better missile defense capability” for Europe and American forces “than the program I recommended almost three years ago.” Mr. Gates and other officials said Iran was moving quickly toward a workable arsenal of missiles that could strike Israel and Europe.
He sets up a playpen and gives actors a serious free rein.
Mr. Sudani, who belongs to a wing of Mr. Malilki’s party, Dawa, could not be reached for comment.
The project’s apparent collapse comes a day after Swiss government officials permanently shut down a similar project in Basel, because of the damaging earthquakes it produced in 2006 and 2007.
“That’s the bet,” Mr. Eibel said.
Wow, talk about an opening act.
But fans will have to get used to it, because it will be affixed to the side of every other seating row at the ballpark and used extensively in marketing and promotions, assuming the Citi name survives.
I responded to e-mail messages from friends in New Zealand, Los Angeles, Seattle, New York, Michigan — an outpouring of concern for our island.
The state controller and the Finance Department will work this week to set a pay schedule.
Many of them are similar to models already being made but are powered by batteries and alternatives to gasoline.
LOUIS D. BRANDEIS: A Life.By Melvin I. Urofsky.
The curveball of elves having dibs to the Santa float might have ruffled your average adolescent eager to have a star turn in a nationally televised parade.
So far he has not had to use his training in tossing grenades, laying mines or firing his M-16 rifle.
An agency told to cut $9.2 million from its budget faces a stark choice: cut $8 million worth of salaries and have the last $1.2 million credited to it, because of lower fringe benefit costs, which do not actually come out of the agency budget; or cut $9.2 million within its budget by trimming supplies, rent and contracts.
So the kit should also contain at least three days’ worth of bottled water and nonperishable food for each household member, Ms. Simmons said.
Most of the Dutch influence on West End is long gone.
“It means you don’t know.” “Can you be that about Santa?” “Of course,” I say, and I tell her the story of herself and the tooth fairy, one I know she enjoys.
“The mission is long overdue.
“We started with two sections and have three now — and a waiting list,” said Mrs. Alpaugh, the principal.
A. I also think people should understand that they will learn more from a bad manager than a good manager.
Hate to say that, but it’s one of those things.” Label Sloan the eternal optimist .
Mr. Arpaio’s jails are full of people awaiting trail who cannot make bail; by his own accounting, 117 people have died in his custody, including many with serious mental health problems.
Except for hard cheeses, which are acid-producing, most dairy foods, including milk, are “metabolized to compounds that are essentially neutral,” Dr. Dawson-Hughes said.
(He calls the mother the “Trojan Dog.”) Somehow I thought that if we just got my daughter’s rug cleaned, things might go back to normal.
By retiring the debt and issuing new shares of common stock, Citigroup can bolster it common equity position.
Her father is a podiatrist in Rockville.
Saul is the warning to David of what he one day may become, regardless of his better intentions.
Championship isn’t the TaylorMade P.G.A.
Investors received a reminder of the problems in housing from a report showing that home values continuing to plunge.
“There’s a lot of concern that newspapers and all of print is becoming a bit of an endangered species,” said Brian Stauffer, an illustrator based in Miami whose work has appeared in publications including Rolling Stone, Esquire and Entertainment Weekly, and who also rejected Google’s offer.
Music fans who want a permanent record of a show they’ve attended have options these days that range from bootlegs recorded on their cell-phone cameras to buying a just-pressed CD from the band after the show.
He has to gain this type of experience.” Sunday was part of the learning process for Martinez, who spent time with the Mets earlier this year, but he struggled offensively and was sent back to Class AAA Buffalo.
After playing Davis Cup for Switzerland in September, Federer took six weeks off to rest and enjoy family life near Lake Zurich with his wife, Mirka, and their young twin daughters, who travel with their parents.
Mr. Warren may have to raise taxes or cut services to help pay for the high school.
“We have printers that contain up to 80 percent recycled plastics.
In one of these collections, Mr. Updike summed up his love of his vocation: “From earliest childhood I was charmed by the materials of my craft, by pencils and paper and, later, by the typewriter and the entire apparatus of printing.
In the United States, investments by foreigners have slowed markedly.
How to Help Checks payable to The NewYork Times Neediest CasesFund may be sent to: 4 ChaseMetrotech Center, 7th FloorEast, Lockbox 5193, Brooklyn,N.Y.
The Sabra Margarita, which derives its name from the Hebrew word for the prickly pear cactus, combines Agave 99 Blanco with prickly pear pur?
The administration of Prime Minister Taro Aso says it wants to draw up a bill as early as this year that would eventually replace Japan’s 47 relatively weak prefectures with 9 to 13 larger entities that would have powers roughly analogous to American state governments.
Miriam remarried December 27, 2006 to S. Sylvan Little.
What male dancer in our time has ever disappeared so entirely into his role?
Some want to protect the interests of their members and could ultimately oppose the legislation, depending on its details.
In September, Sony introduced a cheaper version of the PlayStation 3, which helped the console overtake the Nintendo Wii and the Microsoft Xbox 360 to become the top-selling game system in the United States for the month.
Two officers in an unmarked car approached the couple, and Lt. Mike Kelly, who was in the passenger seat, got out to confront Mr. Hosendove.
So far in 2009, just under half have resulted in an arrest.
He has turned down an invitation to attend the National Governors Association’s annual meeting in Mississippi later this month and even scuttled plans in late June to attend a wedding just across the Connecticut line.
New York State Dormitory Authority, $800 million of debt securities.
— D. C. 412 Bloomfield Avenue, Bloomfield; (973) 337-6421; theorangesquirrel.com .
And now that my children are older and don’t depend on me so much, it’s nice that someone — albeit someone with a weirdly fluffy Dr. Seuss tail and ears so enormous they threaten her balance — needs me.
“Our top priority is holding Philip Markoff accountable as a predator and strengthening the case against him,” Mr. Conley said.
On Friday, Verbruggen was pleased.
With its near-mythic aura, Pu’er is well suited for hucksterism.
These viruses carry their genetic information in RNA rather than DNA, and they insert themselves into their hosts’ genetic material and stay for life.
During a career that spanned over 53 years, Dr. Bocobo was the author of numerous research papers, was instrumental in the development of a number of major drugs, and was influential in the advancement of medical mycology.
Mr. Cahill, 32, works in Boston as the legal counsel to State Senator Richard R. Tisei, the minority leader.
The components of green technology, an important target of federal spending, fall into this category.
Could it instead reflect reporting bias?
Your union, a company official or a group of workers must file a petition with the Labor Department.
“Moreover, the committee sees some risk that inflation could persist for a time below rates that best foster economic growth and price stability in the longer term.” Much of the increase in consumer prices stemmed from a 3.3 percent rise in energy prices and rises in the prices of clothing and new vehicles, the government reported.
And it should be an easy sell in Albany, which has shown too little interest in being the kind of serious steward the island needs.
But there was something else, too.
Clijsters was the first unseeded woman to win the United States Open, at least in the Open era, and in the process she became the first mother to win a Grand Slam title since Evonne Goolagong Cawley won Wimbledon in 1980.
He had a torn lateral meniscus removed.
high marks for opening up every facet of its business for review, according to people familiar with the task force’s deliberations who were not authorized to speak publicly.
The Justice Department confirmed on Thursday that it was conducting an antitrust investigation into the settlement of a lawsuit that groups representing authors and publishers filed against Google .
As far as other allegations people are always going to say things.
As the curtain falls on each of the three ballets that re-entered New York City Ballet ’s repertory on Wednesday night, it is easy to feel the words with which Keats ends his “Ode to a Nightingale”: “Fled is that music: — Do I wake or sleep?” The first of the three, George Balanchine ’s “Swan Lake,” even ends with an image of loss close to Keats’s words.
“I just thought this was just a nice guy who might be an exec that hangs around with Seth during the recording sessions,” said the veteran voice actor Kevin Michael Richardson, who is African-American.
“It showed that their intelligence is current,” said Talat Masood, a retired general and a military analyst.
With Sophia Bush, Monica Keena and Vincent D’Onofrio; François Velle directed.
Its re-emergings may be now at an end.
Why can’t they admit my historical rights to biblical lands?” Stuart Pilichowski Mevaseret Zion, Israel, Nov. 17, 2009  To the Editor: When Roger Cohen points out that the wall helps Israelis who just do not want to be mixed with Arabs, he puts his finger on the reason that a perpetuation of the status quo is a bad idea.
The diagramed deal, Board 16 from the U.S.A.-2 final, was one of their gains.
— a crossover, in other words.
“We do have a prison here,” he said, “but these are individuals who are possibly a little more dangerous than our prisoners.”
They are being watched by a flurry of new technologies designed to enable them to live independently and avoid expensive trips to the emergency room or nursing homes.
The Bearcats will lose their two top players in the N.F.L.
Several lawyers for buyers who are suing to get out of condo contracts in New York City , but not in the SoHo Mews, said they did not believe the rulings set a precedent for other claims still pending before the attorney general’s office.
He said that Hal’s father would have fired Girardi (after the fifth straight loss to the Red Sox), hired Tony Pena, fired Pena and rehired Buck Showalter; and would have fired Eiland and hired David Cone.
The company is scheduled to release a third-quarter report in mid-November.
“If Corzine can activate the Obama surge vote in New Jersey, that would suggest that last year was more than just a flash, that it has staying power,” said Allan Lichtman, a history professor at American University.
!,” inspired by Kanye West’s frustrating, bewitching album “808s and Heartbreak” and interpreted by a gathering of performance artists and choreographers.
These opened onto a broad south-facing terrace with a fountain, salvaged antique columns and, in 1929, sweeping south views to the Chrysler Building under construction.
Bardavon Opera House, 35 Market Street.
After the game, Manager Jerry Manuel was asked if he felt the season was spinning out of control.
And he follows previous English editions by retaining the German spelling of America, with a “k.” This lends the name, in American eyes, a more ominous and alien quality than it would have for the German reader.
Investors were focused on earnings reports this week, hoping to find more concrete signs of life in the economy and validation that a huge rally in stocks this spring was justified.
Owen crowned his night by timing his run perfectly and chipping the ball around the advancing Wolfsburg goalkeeper.
The United States, by contrast, employs a “receiver pays” system where interconnection charges are included in monthly calling plans.
Many potential buyers had walked away, believing that eBay simply wanted too much.
And in a time of shrinking state budgets, undergraduates at public universities will most likely pay the price in higher tuition, larger classes and less interaction with tenured professors.
Indeed, even if Mr. Obama can avoid the mistakes of the Clinton era, he must avoid making new ones all his own.
“When you read either study,” he said, “you come away with the same questions: Is my business investing enough in traveling?
“I wasn’t really sure when it came back into play whether or not it was.” The most popular sign at Citi Field these days is not Pepsi-Cola or Budweiser or SNY.
The Twitter application shows a running stream of tweets about the show being viewed on the left side of the screen.
The Yellow Jackets squandered a 24-0 lead that night before winning on Blair’s 36-yarder in the final minute.
“We know the pain of people in closed societies, and we do want to accommodate them,” Mr. Zhou said.
Reading through their collected stories, you wonder if novels are even necessary.
Meanwhile, the complaints about Monday’s game extended beyond the re-entry issue.
Flu experts would also like to know whether current flu shots give any protection because it will be months before a new vaccine can be made.
Pawnbrokers and money lenders have long operated in India’s back alleys, making loans against jewelry to families in distress, at interest rates of 30 percent or more.
Most anchors tried to define Mr. Jackson’s place in pop culture and American history.
As the narrator of “Autopoiesis for the Common Man” remarks: “Indeed, to err is more than human, it is biological.” Hallman reconfigures our everyday errors and flaws into deeply affecting fiction.
The government had recently ceded control over the Swat Valley, 100 miles from the nation’s capital, to the extremists.
Several wrinkles remain before the Rangers can try to claim him, but the Rangers’ slide has made the possibility that much more attention-grabbing.
“I do not think so,” he responded, shifting ever so slightly in his seat.
On the morning she first told me that she believed her father killed himself, I thought I might somehow have been misremembering the story in the book — and wasn’t sure what to say.
The foiled ambush came days after a government airstrike in Amran Province, near the border with Sadah, killed dozens of civilian refugees, drawing condemnations from human rights groups.
The restaurant transports you to Southeast Asia, touching down in Thailand , Malaysia , Vietnam and India .
Some coaches seem unfazed by the shifting landscape of the timeout.
For two hours, as Philip Marshall was cross-examined in the trial of his father and his father’s co-defendant, Francis X. Morrissey Jr., in State Supreme Court in Manhattan, lawyers tried to paint the younger Marshall as a man with an agenda.
For all of his talent, Rubio is widely regarded as an unfinished product.
at the Cranbrook Academy of Art in 2001, Shorb moved to nearby Detroit and balanced a part-time job against design work, art projects and music-making.
Deflated, he moved his family — Marilyn, a massage therapist, and his daughters, Heaven and Shine — into his in-laws’ crowded apartment in a housing project.
OVERSEAS FEES CAN ADD UP To the Editor: Many people don’t realize the additional fees that credit cards and banks charge for overseas transactions.
In addition to common ownership, Fiat and Ferrari have often shared the services of styling houses like Pininfarina and Bertone, Mr. Montgomery points out.
Love always, Steven, Andy, Michael and Robert.
It was like Marciano, 29-0.” And then Vincent, in a telephone interview, said: “They took care of the players economically and assiduously protected their pensions, their health benefits.
Displaying art, she said, need not be expensive, particularly since an object “doesn’t have to be made for art” display to be useful in that regard.
Anna Paquin stars as a waitress with psychic powers; Stephen Moyer is the vampire next door.
That vote of confidence in Mr. Zucker will surely baffle those in the industry who have been constant critics of his performance.
After 1929 she lived primarily near Santa Fe, N.M., in the village of Abiquiu, until her death in 1986.
The statement continued: “Publishers acquire only the rights that they bargain for; authors retain rights they have not expressly granted to publishers.
Tatyana A. Karasova, head of the Israel department at the Institute for Oriental Studies in Moscow, said Mr. Putin and Mr. Lieberman had a rapport because they are both “gosudarstvenniks” — a term that derives from the Russian word for state or government and implies a person who likes wielding official power.
“My hands hurt.” Kristy held up hers: gone.
He quit his marketing job at Unilever and used his savings to enroll in a baking and culinary management program at the Institute of Culinary Education in Manhattan .
An affordable option, Martha’s Guest House (501-804-3647; www.marthasbelize.com ) is in downtown San Ignacio.
In a 5-0 rout of the United States in the final at Giants Stadium, he and his fellow forward Carlos Vela, also 20, scored or facilitated Mexico’s first four goals.
His first book, “De Niro’s Game,” won the 2008 Impac Dublin Literary Award, given for the best English-language book published anywhere in the world.
Here in Tasanh, a village 20 miles east of the Thai border, Dr. Fukuda and a team of researchers work in what is euphemistically called a more challenging environment.
Meanwhile, Roger Cohen (“Britain resolves, U.S. wavers,” Globalist, Oct. 27), in urging President Obama to act in Afghanistan, ignores the fact that not one of the 9/11, London or Madrid bombers were Afghanis.
Baby boomers who are handling arrangements for the first time are particularly looking for a more intimate experience.
Obama administration officials point out that they have not followed the Bush pattern of concluding such investigations with a mass roundup of workers.
Only a few years ago, JPMorgan was struggling after years of poor management and a failure to digest a series of big acquisitions.
Guinea-Bissau is one of Africa’s poorest countries.
“But you need to look at the whole supply chain.” Nevertheless, both Ms. Muston and Mr. Campbell said they have no plans to plug their fridge back in now that they’ve adjusted to life without it.
He was renowned for his merchandising skills, retail acumen, professionalism, integrity, loyalty, caring nature, humor, and mentoring of associates.
“That’s what I practice for, to play her.
You get more respect from your peers for being part of the spring musical here.
These things were like bloodsuckers.” The family left the next morning, having lost the first day of their vacation and their $100 deposit.
Beers, 42, told me as we surveyed the waters.
5 train tagged with her name.
But drivers of smoke-bellowing trucks, owners of oil-oozing body shops, vendors of undersize fish and other city dwellers underestimate him at their peril.
Mr. Dinkins recalled that Dr. Hamburg forced him to take a tuberculosis test after he spoke at a disaster scene with someone who later tested positive for the disease.
Mr. Kennedy retained that high standing through his first 100 days, despite the disastrous Bay of Pigs invasion of Cuba in April 1961.
McChrystal’s voice is higher than you would expect for a four-star general.
‘NORMAL’ BATHROOMS Last year, The Journal of Industrial Ecology published a comprehensive analysis of the “consumption drivers of the Danish bathroom boom.” O.K., that sounds pretty esoteric.
The Volkswagen-Suzuki partnership is the latest in a flurry of realignments and alliances in the auto industry, which has been battered by falling demand in the United States and Europe and is facing stricter environmental standards in many markets.
And that is the easy stuff compared with the economic and fiscal choices and conflicts: a clamor for more stimulus, with unemployment heading north of 10 percent, and pressure to deal with soaring, chronic deficits.
Options for the future appear limited for the idle young men depicted with harsh conviction in the arresting new musical “American Idiot” at Berkeley Repertory Theater here.
Medical experts say that if a patient receiving it is not carefully monitored with instruments that measure oxygen levels, blood pressure and heart rate, it can quickly cause problems.
Indeed, the average P/E ratio for tech companies in the S.& P. 500 is now 22.2, based on 2009 operating earnings.
Now shareholders want clawbacks if compensation ultimately encouraged dangerously risky behavior and was based on profits that later evaporated.
Among the Cullmans’ many other beneficiaries were the New York Botanical Garden, Mount Sinai Medical Center, Weill Cornell Medical Center, the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine, Yale University, Purdue University, Human Rights Watch and Planned Parenthood of New York City.
As a bondholder who did not agree to the settlement, where do I stand?
“But what is in character is them wanting to put a team together that’s going to have a chance to win.” So Jefferson became a Spur, Shaq joined LeBron, Vince joined Dwight, and the gap between the talent-rich and the talent-poor grew into a grand canyon, almost overnight.
Chestnut also credits Savion Glover, who gave him his break in “Noise/Funk” and who is a distant relative, with giving him his start.
The broad movement, however, encompasses a wide variety of practices.
What is certain, though, is that cars are going to have to continue becoming lighter and stronger.
If there is any criticism of how Sweden handled the bad bank, it is that it might have managed an even better return if Securum had sat on its assets longer.
“I started approximating his lyrics, but you get the feeling he made them up as well,” Mr. Grove-White said of David Byrne.
Some public figures seem to do no wrong, deflecting scandal and potential misfortune as adroitly as if they were sheathed in Teflon jumpsuits.
Confined to the invalid ward of a Siberian P.O.W.
“It’s not like we’ll be in recession for the rest of our lives, until we die,” noted Jenae Williams, the valedictorian at the Celia Cruz Bronx High School of Music.
Few deals better exemplify the excesses of the commercial real estate boom than the dismemberment of the Equity Office empire, and fewer still better underscore their bitter consequences.
He is survived by his second wife, Dr. Maria Wisniewski; by son Dr. Marian Waxman and his wife Dr. Jenny Waxman; grandchildren Dorothy and Robert, their spouses and six great- grandchildren.
ERIC A. TAUB COMMENTThe study on LEDs is worthless since it did not use LEDs that output light at levels needed for room lighting at acceptable efficiency.
The issue came to light only because her car, a bulletproof Mercedes, was stolen after her driver’s hotel room was burglarized.
He wanted to do well.
Then he cranked up “Misty Mountain Hop” by Led Zeppelin and led the students through a warm-up of sun salutations.
It can grow infinitely, compounding at any rate we decide.
The Nevada Cancer Institute, in Las Vegas, may not have a national reputation as a clinic or a research facility.
In explaining his thought process, Manuel offered several reasons for starting Blanton.
So what in the world could be prompting the Comcast chief executive, Brian Roberts, to start down this accursed path?
“Living in suburbia is all about being home at night,” and they wanted to truly enjoy an area’s walkability.
The suits were filed after an abuse victim, a former altar boy named Andrew Madden, went public with the church’s effort to buy his silence.
You’ve just made the mistake, again, of granting your existence to someone else’s eyes.
Westchester students received 294,763 free breakfasts, lunches and snacks last summer, a 9 percent decrease from 2007, in part because some sites were open fewer days.
But its military remains weak and is widely believed to be infiltrated by insurgents, as the attack on Thursday implied.
I tried following companies I had submitted a résumé to, and those I had heard were hiring.
In return, the reverend requested cash donations from his parishioners, from his television and radio audiences, and from the recipients of his extensive mailings.
And I certainly can't imagine stopping every 100 miles to recharge or exchange the battery or to fill up the hydrogen tank.
At the party, Ms. Bancroft, 54 and married, approached him.
Our model for social security took inspiration from Bismarck’s Germany, state planning from the Soviet Union, public works from the Tennessee Valley Authority, automobile assembly and manufacturing from Ford.
“Having seen it on TV, it doesn’t look like a penalty.” Wenger tried to suggest that his player Eduardo might have jumped and fallen because he suffered a horrific leg break back in February 2008.
McNair, who played 11 seasons for the Titans franchise and two with the Baltimore Ravens , also had a home in Nashville with his wife, Mechelle.
Perhaps the best way to describe Amish cooking is ultimate comfort food.
Why would this dowdy Middle American entity waddle into Midtown in its big old shorts and flip-flops without even bothering to update its ancient Helvetica Light logo, which for anyone who grew up with the company is encrusted with decades of boring, even traumatically parental, associations?
She was Rusty Glickman, nicknamed for a local stray dog, and because women were not explicitly barred from the Y.M.C.A.
“Sure, it was a factor.” Mr. Dillner came under intense criticism from a vocal group of Skylight performers and patrons after he eliminated five positions as part of cost-saving measures.
“It doesn’t matter how much money you have.
Every year we slogged up to vistas you can see only if you’re willing to walk.
I give all my time to skiing.
In 2000, when Mr. Armani had a retrospective at the Guggenheim Museum, Frank Lloyd Wright’s spiral staircase must have impressed him: he has built a variation of it inside his store that quite possibly improves on the original.
John A. Thain, who as Merrill’s chief executive helped orchestrate the firm’s sale to Bank of America, was ousted from the combined company last month, largely over the bonus controversy.
Training L.L.C., and a nonprofit organization, Potential Players Foundation.
So does Sharon Van Etten, who sang stark, riveting songs about loneliness and yearning in a lustrous voice.
He’d write a joke, I’d go further, he’d go further.” The show, Mr. Brennan said, was also “racially ambidextrous” — the product of a black man from the Maryland suburbs and a white man with a love of Public Enemy and Spike Lee, who bonded over everything from Errol Morris films to the Wu-Tang Clan.
Five fruits and vegetables a day.
Her recent work on that garden’s “Ladies’ Border” (as it’s been called since the 1920s) experiments with plants that are pushing the limits of the region’s hardiness zones.
As pirate attacks on shipping lanes around the Horn of Africa show no sign of relenting, the nations that are policing the seas are struggling to find solutions to what is becoming an increasingly long-term mission.
Doctors are lined up on both sides of the product.
SUMMIT The Oakes Center “It’s a Wonderful Life: A Live Radio Play.” Through Dec. 20.
Both kinds of love are essential to his craft, and they endow Mr. Andersen with a magnetism that holds us for the nearly two hours it takes him to tell his story.
She graduated from the University of Arizona.
Banking officials said that because the new law limits their ability to reprice credit as a customer’s risk profile changes, they will instead have to price for future risk at the start, when a cardholder applies for a new card.
What is captivating is the spirit of attentiveness they exude: an exquisite alertness to material and technique; to the way patterns and images fit the shape of the object; and to forms of nature.
And Mazda held a 20th birthday party for its Miata sports car, with a lineup of Miata concept cars from the past; alas, the current model is not changing.
Mr. Cosmo promised returns of 48 percent to 80 percent a year, and none of his investors apparently minded — or knew — that Mr. Cosmo had already been imprisoned for securities fraud.
Suddenly things turned sour for O’Rourke.
Matt Howard had 22 for a young Butler team that included three freshmen in the starting lineup.
San Francisco's offense relies too heavily on Shaun Hill, who has pluck, spunk, moxie and all those other words that are poor substitutes for ability.
Nevertheless, the sight of military funerals has unsettled German society.
And in a new case, Washington accused Beijing of manipulating the prices for important ingredients in steel and aluminum production.
The Pentagon has started to make the tough choices to shift spending to weapons needed by troops fighting today’s wars.
The catalog of justifiable doubts is as thick as Blair’s torso.
Banks say they are under pressure from regulators to raise their cash reserves, which means fewer loans.
Takashi Saito (2-1) took the loss and Papelbon was charged with his second blown save, one night after he tied Bob Stanley’s career record for saves with Boston.
The lawyers also said the juror, Jason Allo, admitted on the recordings that during the 2005 trial he had spoken to a cousin who knew Mr. Giuca.
Instead, Becky talks about John with the same fervor she once did about her artists.
The contract requires Cemusa to pay the city $1 billion over 20 years to install shelters and other “street furniture.” The company earns money by selling advertising on the shelters.
On his blog, Contrarian , Mr. Donham said that because the article was entirely about Mr. Harper’s “nontransubstantiation” of the wafer, it is difficult to determine what was added during editing.
“This is going to take a long time,” said Christen Sveaas, a Norwegian art collector, who is suing to enforce a 2007 contract that he believes makes him the owner of the piece.
Any sale could take at least a year to complete because buyers would have to raise the money and then clear regulatory hurdles in Washington.
Newspapers produced and sold by homeless people in dozens of American cities are flourishing even as the deepening recession endangers conventional newspapers.
And the shower is in a wide, deep tub, which requires careful entrances and exits.
This measure will further reduce New York’s prison population, which has already declined, in the past 10 years, from about 71,600 in 1999 to about 59,300 today.
One begins with a few pages about El Niño, followed by a section break and then “The moose is so well insulated that.
In Chicago as in the rest of the country, there’s less and less of a link between superior cooking and spiffy trappings, and more and more chefs are flexing their skills in unfussy settings that permit relatively gentle prices.
The split left standing the appellate court ruling in favor of Mr. Freston.
“There’s no doubt we’re trying to do more with less,” Mr. Kelly said.
ultimately hopes to eliminate, was another step toward a probable bankruptcy filing at the end of this month.
Then he changed his mind.
Normally a City Ballet pedigree would be a big boost in finding a job at another company.
“By itself, one observation might not mean that much, but when you have this whole sweep of observations over time, it adds up to something.” Mr. Nobel said he had long been intrigued by the possibilities of observation — sometimes he stands or sits in a single spot in New York for hours focusing intently on the goings-on.
Very few artists — certainly very few child stars — have ever redefined themselves as thoroughly or as successfully as Michael Jackson did.
From Serena, famously described by her father as “mean as a junkyard dog,” there would never be such irreverence on the subject of her sister.
“He’s a living legend,” Mr. Morganelli said.
He enlarged the prints, cut them up and rearranged them to eliminate any evidence of buildings.
DELGADO UPDATE John Ricco said Carlos Delgado was close to swinging a bat but added that the Mets still expected him to return no sooner than early August.
The centerpiece of “Search for Beauty” is a production number called “Symphony of Health” in which the real-life winners of a Paramount promotional contest — an international search for the “ideal” man and woman — strike poses that eerily anticipate Leni Riefenstahl’s “Olympia.” The multiplication of these perfect bodies (needless to say, all of them white) is no less disturbing than the grotesquely deformed figures that crowd Kenton’s 1932 horror classic “Island of Lost Souls” (a prime candidate for DVD release).
Which is the correct term -- Wii Remote or Wiimote?
After Crawford victimized Boston so spectacularly, Red Sox Manager Terry Francona lamented how Brad Penny had twice thrown pitches to the plate in 1.28 seconds and Varitek had fired both of them to second in 1.9 seconds.
Her reason was simple, said Esteban Cobos, 44, her son-in-law: “She went and did her collections to keep herself busy, so as not to be bored sitting at home.” At 10:24 p.m. Monday, Ms. Montalvo was pushing a full cart across Jamaica Avenue just east of 98th Street when a van traveling east hit her, the police said.
It is not clear whether term limits will play a key role in the mayor’s race.
“It doesn’t necessarily mean changing people,” he added, “Most of the time it means changing resource allocation, to say, ‘We need to spend more on this because this is what’s going to hurt us in the future.’ So I think the evolution side is continuous — the processes that might be good today might not be good in 12 months time.” He said that the swift evolution of Formula One technology imposed change.
But perhaps this is neither here nor there.
“All of these people were born with a gift,” Mr. Maresca said, “and it was through their situations that the gift grew the way that it did.” Their situations were extreme, to say the least.
Despite spending most of his directorship embroiled in political rows with the local Nazis, first in Dessau and then Berlin, he instilled the school with his vision of “model architecture.” The exhibition ends with a 1932 montage by a student, Iwao Yamawaki, showing the Nazis trampling over the upturned Bauhaus building.
In particular, the methods of the dog handler in Mr. Bickham’s case, and in a half-dozen others that are the basis of lawsuits, have come under fierce attack.
Tighter TARP management is expected to be a part of that package.
“I will accept this award on behalf of the American soldiers who stand guard today at outposts in the mountains and deserts of Afghanistan to give that country, and particularly its women and girls, a chance to live a decent life free from the Taliban ’s religious totalitarianism.
NBC instead asked him to create “Parks & Recreation,” which had its debut last spring.
The longtime practice in the industry has been to serialize new titles in the weekly or monthly comic magazines first.
“They never left the ground,” he said of his feet.
It was a desperation shot.
Officials from SalmonChile , the industry group, could not be reached for comment on Sunday.
James’s narrative, related in a hard-edged but lilting dialect, takes us back to the cruel world of a Jamaican sugar plantation at the turn of the 19th century.
Plows cleared most of the major highways and many streets, children and adults frolicked in enchanted parks, and life struggled toward normalcy as residents began to dig out of what, for many, was the biggest snowstorm in years.
Other champions of the Sonoran style, like El Güero Canelo , with two Tucson outlets, have evolved from carts into full-scale restaurants.
When Maillol heard that the project would take at least six months, he hastily recalled her to Banyuls.
Not that we’d be out of the public eye; we’re still going to be in the public eye.” The issue is likely to draw close scrutiny on Wednesday, when executives from eight banks are scheduled to testify on Capitol Hill.
The rumors, he added in an e-mail message, stem from “someone who really doesn’t know how to analyze sequences (or is being misquoted.
Along with his passion for reading, playing with his three nieces (Kyrin, Maya, and Tara), good food, fine beer, he loved being with his friends of whom he was fortunate to have many.
And when the second loft closed, in April 1983, a victim of rising rents, Mr. Morganelli had the clout to produce the Riverside Park Arts Festival and to become programming coordinator at Birdland.
Some of their fish is certified as sustainable by the Marine Stewardship Council.
Anyone horrified by the reckless abandon of “Hellraisers” should know what its ultimate effect turns out to be.
Bethpage Black was the civic playground, and the pro players, with few exceptions, enjoyed the atmosphere.
321 in Park Slope, Brooklyn , said she, too, had received several of these calls.
But the desire for peace and the strength of reconciliation have proved more powerful than old factions and fears, writes the Irish novelist David Park.
The authors said they wanted to reduce the chance that “society may be lulled into a false sense of security by smooth projections of global change.” On the other hand, the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, in its influential 2007 report, expressly avoided specifying tipping points and instead concluded simply that the gradient of risk for a host of “large-scale discontinuities” increased with each degree of warming.
Joseph Melody Los Angeles, Sept. 1, 2009  To the Editor: Nicholas D. Kristof’s column on the use of divorce by the elderly to avoid financial impoverishment because of long-term custodial illness unfortunately perpetuates a harmful myth.
First he survived a confirmation controversy over unpaid taxes; later he drew fire for comments about Chinese currency policies that some analysts considered too blunt.
“People find this helps.” Emilia Drake agrees.
George Marshall would not have needed a lawyer to tell him whether such methods were O.K.
But school superintendents and board members say the frustration over school spending is misdirected.
There is a dearth of white space, of down time.
“Everything was so big around Pantani on the climbs, and everybody said: ‘Pantani!
Instead, I found an in-box full of goodbye e-mails from coworkers in London and a note from my boss telling me not to rush to work.
Marissa Hendrickson Minneapolis, Nov. 23, 2009  To the Editor: Representative Patrick J. Kennedy is on stronger theological ground than Bishop Thomas J. Tobin.
Eventually, the funds blew up.
“Gisele and Kate did this, of course, by dating the likes of Leonardo di Caprio and Johnny Depp early in their careers; by going out to events and walking the red carpet; and by each having, in their very different ways, a world-class sense of style.”
In many of the works here, including a Cheyenne River Sioux leather shield cover from the 1890s depicting a lively Indian-on-Indian skirmish, the flattened and simplified abstraction and intense colors seem timeless and also, to 21st-century eyes accustomed to primitivist tendencies in modern art, oddly contemporary.
In Gamestar Mechanic, for example, KC had to use physics concepts to figure out how to get two players to arrive at the same point at the same time.
Verizon Wireless, for instance, posts instructions on its Web sites not to talk while driving — with or without a headset.
Actually, I don’t understand why America is still talking about providing all its people with health insurance, as opposed to providing them with health care .
Worse, it is to demand a form of recognition whose implications are far from certain, not least to Israelis themselves.
A postmatch news conference was more contentious.
“Buyers have higher expectations these days.
Such a move could also irritate the outgoing district attorney, Robert M. Morgenthau, because it could hurt the chances of his preferred candidate, Cyrus R. Vance Jr.
Better to withdraw entirely from the United States as the sovereign nation of Independent Long Island, made up of Nassau and Suffolk Counties and their western neighbors, Brooklyn and Queens.
Bird and Cage introduced Mr. Cunningham and other dance students to the photography of Edward Weston (whose son was a Cornish student) and to the paintings of Paul Klee and Mark Tobey.
But it cast a shadow over the rest of the show.
But we must be very careful.
While Mr. Blankfein’s traders are minting money, his investment bankers are being pressed to keep a closer eye on the bottom line.
Stephen Biddle of the Council on Foreign Relations notes that the American-brokered peace agreements with former Sunni insurgents did not rest on one blanket cease-fire but on scores of local agreements.
Alexis Thompson, a ninth-grader, shot a three-under-par 69 for a share of the lead with the top-ranked Lorena Ochoa and three others after the second round of the Navistar L.P.G.A.
They joined Madelyn and Cara, who were toddlers at the time.
Mr. McDonnell pretty much embraced it immediately after the primary, a period in which Mr.
Wilson, who played a decade in the major leagues, is the Ducks’ designated hitter.
On a recent Wednesday evening, Jos Weyers sat hunched over a magnifying glass studying the contours of a key that was taking shape as he filed away at it.
It began in the autumn of 2007 in an evangelical megachurch near Houston, the Fellowship of the Woodlands .
For another doofus option, press here to contemplate how a woman says she swam across the Atlantic but actually only swam about 250 miles.
Nineteenth-century highlights include cloud studies by John Constable, the most famous practitioner of the genre, and the lesser-known French painter Jean-Michel Cels.
What happened in the interim, of course, was the even greater revolution of Method acting.
Nino Burjanadze, Mr. Saakashvili’s partner in the Rose Revolution, emerged in October with a sharp critique of the war; in December, Irakli Alasania stepped down as Georgia’s envoy to the United Nations.
Mr. Ahmadinejad said Iran welcomed new talks should Mr. Obama's entreaties prove sincere.
“We’ll work as long as we can and as fast as we can,” said State Senator Mike Bishop, a Republican and the majority leader.
They were tied at 10 under, a shot behind Byrd, who had holed out an 82-yard wedge shot for eagle at the seventh hole to grab the lead.
Kevin D. Johnson, a 29-year-old Atlanta resident who runs a marketing and communications firm, received a letter from American Express last October saying that his credit limit was being lowered.
You take one photo every 30 seconds — half with the flash on, half with the flash off.
(Disney, Blu-ray $44.99, standard definition two-disc edition $39.99, G) DO THE RIGHT THING, 20TH ANNIVERSARY EDITION Spike Lee’s drama about simmering racial conflict on a hot day in Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn, gets a Blu-ray upgrade, a new commentary from its director and expanded bonus features.
But there was a German analyst in the commission, who in advance, before the work of the commission started, presented in public his assessments of the conflict which were definitely biased.” Russia expressed its own reservations, especially about the finding that its army used disproportionate force.
Ill at ease, he told us that they had to share it with the first-aid room, which increased the possibilities for the spread of infections.
He describes how the competing schools of law and the lack of a central religious authority in Islam create “fatwa chaos”: any cleric of dubious stature can issue a religious ruling, and Muslims find it easy to shop around for a fatwa that fits their needs.
Sanchez knew little of the franchise’s history of perpetual disappointment when he was drafted last spring.
After years of losing money and a period of being shuttered (in 1981 Percy E. Sutton , the entrepreneur and former Manhattan borough president, bought the Apollo with a group of investors at a bankruptcy sale), the theater received landmark status in 1983.
The Chappaqua troop, meanwhile, is working on expanding the badge for older girls, which they hope to have included in the national handbook.
Medtronic has declined to provide the financial details of its relationship with Dr. Kuklo, although the company said Friday that it planned to provide some of that information next week to Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa, who is investigating the matter.
He nodded at my glass and made another one of those eyebrow gestures to the bartender.
“And our strategy grows from that work.” But Mr. Olson seemed confident that the makeup of the Supreme Court was right because of the presence of Justice Anthony M. Kennedy, pointing to two cases in which gay rights groups prevailed — a sodomy case in Texas and a constitutional ban on local antidiscrimination laws in Colorado — in which Justice Kennedy wrote the majority opinion.
's Major Reisman, forced to command: the rookie tackle Andre Smith, an oversize underachiever who sustained an obesity-related foot injury; Chris Henry and Cedric Benson, whose D.U.I.
But investors may want to delay hitching a ride on his caboose.
With Bombo Rivera at the plate, the outfield is deep.
So that’s where they were!
“We just have to go out and play.
It offered a vivid snapshot of what Washington looked like when clueless ancien-régime conservatives were feebly clinging to their last levers of power, blissfully oblivious to the new America that was crashing down on their heads and reducing their antics to a sideshow as ridiculous as it was obsolescent.
Among the ideas under consideration are incorporating compensation as a “safety and soundness” concern on official bank examinations as well as expanding the existing regulatory powers of the Securities and Exchange Commission and Federal Reserve to obtain more information regarding compensation.
The Saudi Interior Ministry acknowledged the arrests after it emerged late last week that two other graduates had joined the Yemeni branch of Al Qaeda , raising questions about how the Saudis lost track of them.
Nearly 1.2 million votes were cast by the time the contest ended Friday.
It’s a fantastic variety: BBC .
Mr. Thompson might now wish he had made the same decision.
Lee played 17:46 of the second half, but acknowledged that he had lost some lift.
“I’m proud of buying as a single woman,” said Ms. Gellatley, 33.
But they are becoming increasingly convinced that they will instead have to navigate the complicated politics among varying Democratic factions.
“The accident has shown that the train control system is susceptible to a single point failure,” the board said in a letter on Monday to the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority.
''; INJINJI YOGA TOESOCKS: $16 a pair, www.injinjistore.com.
On a typical workday morning, I weave my way through the platform crowd and quicken my pace to reach the women-only train compartment.
Of the company’s 304,000 employees, about 120,000 are based in Europe, where it has “temporarily” idled 14 of 25 blast furnaces and reduced the work hours — and wages — of its employees.
RHODE ISLAND WHITE This Bird comes with all the dressing necessary for your permanent retreat from urban society.
About 20 percent of carbon dioxide emissions associated with buildings in the United States and the United Kingdom are related to indoor lighting; in some houses the number is as high as 40 percent.
The last time I was here, two years ago, their mother, Oracene Price, called the American drought behind Venus and Serena almost statistically unfathomable, while poking the United States Tennis Association for not knowing where, exactly, to look for Grand Slam contenders.
“If you were at fault, acknowledge it, and discuss what you could have done differently.” Q.
YORKTOWN HEIGHTS Yorktown Stage ''The Medium'' and ''Il Tabarro,'' operas by Menotti and Puccini.
PAGE C1 A STORY OF MARRIAGE UNDER STRESS ''Not Easily Broken,'' a cinematic melodrama of marital difficulty directed by Bill Duke and based on a novel by T. D. Jakes, pastor of the Potter's House megachurch in Dallas, visualizes the story of a couple whose marriage is sorely, somewhat predictably and fairly realistically tested by an assortment of stresses.
Publicly, White House aides and Congressional leaders have responded with incessant attempts to highlight benefits from the $787 billion economic stimulus package they enacted earlier this year.
Millions across the globe now believe in their ability to change themselves and their nations for the better.
Following the lead of the Federal Reserve chairman at the time, Alan Greenspan, both political parties in the 1990s agreed with Wall Street that derivatives should be permitted to grow unchecked.
An exhausting party conference had just ended, Parliament was back in session and there were bags under his eyes.
STROLLING through Chelsea this season could be a disorienting experience.
Directed by Karyn Kusama; written by Diablo Cody ; director of photography, M. David Mullen; edited by Plummy Tucker; music by Theodore Shapiro and Stephen Barton; production designer, Arv Greywal; produced by Mason Novick, Daniel Dubiecki and Jason Reitman; released by 20th Century Fox.
But his big-time prospects faded as a senior, when his team at Burges High School in far west Texas failed to make the playoffs.
The samovar is now the centerpiece of my dining room, and the loving cup of my romance with metal.
“He still looks like he’s 16,” said Bo Ryan, Harris’s coach at the University of Wisconsin.
When the Jets drafted Mark Sanchez last April, a few hungry Jets fans dared compare him to Joe Namath.
A federal judge ruled in July that federal oversight of the department would be phased out over three years.
Interment Cemetery of the Holy Road, Westbury, NY.
The House legislation reflects a series of concessions necessary to attract the support of Democrats from different regions and with different ideologies.
The Long Beach Peninsula Visitors Bureau Web site (www.funbeach.com) lists lodging from camping and motels to rental apartments and bed-and-breakfasts.
I just don’t want to come out of the chute throwing hard.
Yet others contend that having that much financial cushion could assuage the fears of the creditors to the companies, leaving the carmakers with the cash necessary to keep the lights on and the factories running.
Sample titles: “The Forest”; “The Mound”; “The Illness”; “The Cubby”; “The Lump.” Domestic Why is Timmy spending so much time with his door closed?
Mr. Pouillon had planned to attend a national protest against abortion at the United States Capitol this weekend, Mr. Newman said.
“Setbacks in transition have generally been limited, but some of the tenets of free-market reform will now be under scrutiny,” Mr. Mirow said.
” from its sales brochures, the company has leapfrogged its competitors and reclaimed a title it held for many years before its bailout — the top seller of fixed annuities to bank customers.
On first listen, some things grab you for their off-kilter novelty.
He said the Army’s recordkeeping and security were imperfect but better than procedures at most universities, where research on biological pathogens has expanded rapidly since 2001.
The spokesman, Jason Post, also pointed out that Mr. Bloomberg had treated Mr. Harris as he would any other reporter — which, Mr. Post added, should not be overlooked considering that the mayor was delivering remarks on equal rights for gay men and lesbians at the time Mr. Harris’s recorder went off.
But even House officials say they may not use the procedure to skirt filibusters to advance Mr. Obama’s proposal to impose new federal fees on businesses responsible for carbon emissions, suggesting that the plan is a lower priority than health care for Congressional Democrats.
“Where a Buddha Walked,” photographs from India, China and Japan.
He said eliminating unprofitable sales to fleet customers is a positive for the company.
By the end of the saga, Sarah Graves has seen her husband die and, the book suggests, felt her mouth water at the aroma of his heart roasting over the coals of a campfire.
Curtis J. Farber, who is representing Mr. Sanchez, said his client was blindly lumped in with others at Testwell accused of crimes.
The show’s biggest painting, at 5 feet 6 inches by 12 feet, is “The Great Barrier Wreath” (2006), a panoramic, verdant landscape in which numerous waifish young men are strewn.
“But dance is about humanity, too; it’s a mix.
Across the country, Mr. Simmons from the Bronx says he likes being able to communicate when he is on the go.
I still remember, because it haunts me, the cries throughout that hallway: “How can it be?
“We believe that the billboard was really not effective as a means of delivering information to the Cuban people,” the State Department spokesman, Ian Kelly, said Monday.
Some tiny tremors were expected, but the water was shut off when one of the quakes reached a still minor magnitude of 2.7.
And if you download the so-called TurboSaver tool, every time you shop through a search engine like Google, a small Upromise icon will appear on the participating retailers in your search results.
The Bruins regained the lead at 14:54, again from a Nabokov rebound.
Another man, Robert Ellis, who the authorities said had shot and wounded Officer Timoshenko’s partner, Herman Yan, was acquitted of murder and attempted murder; he is serving 15 years in prison for weapons possession.
The Treasury Department has powerful counterarguments, including “sovereign immunity” precedents against state challenges.
Definitely, it was really weird.” But as bad as things looked for the Mets after a half-inning, Angel Pagan energized the fans with the first leadoff inside-the-park home run by a Met since Charlie Neal did it at the Polo Grounds in 1963.
is arguably the most important public health agency in the country, but its budget has lagged far behind those of agencies like the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
“The message today should be loud and clear: Income discrimination when renting an apartment is unlawful and will not be allowed to continue,” Council Speaker Christine C. Quinn said in a statement.
It will be up to moderates to raise the alarms against these ideological outrages.
Claimed fuel economy: Front-wheel drive rated 28 m.p.g.
Mr. Garcia said that he remembered Mr. Dassin, meticulously organized, sitting at his desk before a cascading column of legal motions, each slightly rotated so that the corners of key pages emerged from the pile, enabling Mr. Dassin to flip through and carefully slide out whatever document he needed on a particular evidence question.
Neither team will be a pushover.
At some point, Mr. Obama himself will be held accountable for the coffins coming home, and he may find that it is not in his interest, any more than it was in his predecessors’, for Americans to have these visual reminders of the death toll.
Germany has led the move to lift the sanctions, contending that engagement with the Uzbek government is likely to be more fruitful.
Katie Douglas led Indiana with 16 points.
Before the 2002 season, the Yankees signed Giambi to a seven-year, $120 million contract, luring him from the Oakland A’s.
The question hasn’t been lost on USA executives.
For $34, the cost of a ticket to the day session, a fan could see Djokovic scold his racket after a bad shot during his win against Ivan Ljubicic; the balletic Federer pirouette out of a couple of tight spots in a 6-3, 7-5 victory against Jose Acasuso; and the 22-year-old Murray sign autographs after his straight-sets win against Nicolas Almagro for fans draped over the railing like bunting and screaming: “Mr.
Brewer is on a campaign to warn people against bringing home used furniture and clothes.
She is an adjunct professor in creative and composition writing at Fairleigh Dickinson University.
A small wave of anticipatory guilt that I’d have to throw out fruit that cost $1.50 apiece made me decide to use them immediately.
Federer’s running forehand repeatedly froze Murray, and he appeared to fluster him with the varied pace and placement of his serves.
“In 2009, we expect both postpaid and total subscriber losses to improve,” he told investors.
Sister of the late Roberta Cummings.
They make up an orange’s defense system against fungi, pests and predators, Dr. Hendler said, and may also have activities that counter high cholesterol, prevent cancer , fight fungus and reduce inflammation.
The dossier says that Mr. Edenhofer received the etching from his grandmother, the Lowenstramms’ housekeeper.
Around the house it feels pretty much business as usual.”
All London’s theatrical eyes will this week be turned toward the National, as what for many is the flagship address of the English-speaking stage opens the new play by Alan Bennett, “The Habit of Art.” But as we await the unveiling of the latest effort by as close as British playwriting offers to a National Treasure — a phrase Mr. Bennett himself would doubtless loathe — it’s worth acknowledging that activity within the three-auditorium complex continues on apace.
G.M.’s announcement on Thursday came as the Canadian Auto Workers union ratified a cost-cutting deal with the automaker.
Cook thinly sliced shallot, ginger or garlic in a little peanut oil before adding the water for the “broth,” or add sliced celery, bean sprouts, snow peas or sliced carrots to it.
The new law does cover any stove with a thermal efficiency of 75 percent or more that uses a “biomass fuel,” which means anything from crops to wood.
When Venus Williams broke through more than a decade ago, tennis officials predicted a far-reaching impact: a deluge of young African-American players from places like Compton, Calif., and Harlem would be playing world-class tennis.
Ozark stayed connected to the Phillies in retirement, flying up for the rainy third game of the World Series last fall.
''You're really coming to see a show,'' he said.
He pitched once at Class AAA in 2005 and was released again the next spring.
As Stephen Huvane, Ms. Moore’s publicist, put it, “No one wins in these situations.” In defense of Mr. Hilton, Mr. Freedman said that as long as his tweets reflect opinion, it doesn’t matter if his targets think he is cruel.
Through 22 games, Yankee Stadium is on pace for 317.
He will be deeply missed by the Salem family.
Instead it recounts a deeply personal, highly subjective and inarguably thought-provoking story of one family’s quest for a certain kind of peace.
American companies are well known in the oil sector.” After months of secret negotiations between the Oil Ministry and the companies, two new deals and the completion of a third were announced in recent weeks.
The team requires elected officials to pay the face value of such tickets unless the officials attest that they are attending in an official capacity.
“We’ve just got to step up to the challenge when we play a great team like the champions.” In this matchup, the Magic had hoped to continue its ascent from a quality team to one with legitimate championship aspirations.
And what he’s able to do and not do in the budget will plant seeds for his re-election, no question about it.” Bonnie Watson Coleman, the Assembly majority leader, said: “I think it was a very good speech in that it laid forth what we’ve already accomplished.
But experts on constitutional and tax law said it was likely the House bill could pass muster.
Only about 300 of the club’s more than 800 available memberships have been filled since it opened in 2000.
But few such casting calls have looked like the one that began in the wee hours of Saturday morning in the West Village, where Jeff Lipsky, a 37-year-old painter and digital artist from Tyngsboro, Mass., unfolded his New England Patriots lawn chair and camped out for the night in front of the White Columns gallery, first in line to audition for a new reality show being created for Bravo.
Jean-Maurice Ripert, the French ambassador to the United Nations, said that the Sudanese move was a violation of its obligations under international humanitarian law.
As a painter, Mr. Schneeman was largely self-taught.
Mr. Obama’s pollsters have taken over for Mr. Corzine’s polling team, and White House operatives are on the ground for everything from internal strategy sessions to obscure pep rallies with Latino supporters.
We told that to the airlines and they thanked me.
“I had a black student who heard racist remarks being made in her quad,” said Gina Kozlowski, another Ohio State hall director.
The same goes for characters in a book: Show us how others react to them, and we feel we know them, that we would recognize them on the street.
An original called “Casino” began with a solemn preamble on piano, and Mr. Moran summoned similar forces of concentration in his solo, making almost every note feel carefully determined.
Also, about a dozen teams are saving cap space for 2010, in order to chase LeBron James, Dwyane Wade and several other stars.
But his new endeavor hadn’t been going so well, and his ability to be the breadwinner was in rapid decline.
“When I was 6, my mother died.
1 in the country in January.
Net income declined to 42.3 billion yen ($445 million) in the three months ended June 30, from 107.4 billion yen a year earlier, Nintendo said.
“He told me that we were no longer human beings because our goal was to eliminate other humans,” Ms. McHale said Wednesday, recounting the conversation with Mr. Abbasi.
As you approach the station, yellow lines funnel you into one of several lanes — some for cars, some for commercial trucks — before disintegrating into a series of yellow bollards that lead to checkpoints to the right and left of the main building.
The penalty falls even on businesses that do not lay off workers, and in 2005 and 2006, some small employers who had not added to the unemployment fund’s burden complained about having to pay the additional tax, Mr. Stettner said.
After the invasion, Kilcullen watched the growing mayhem with outrage and dismay.
Jan. 4, 1958: ''For the third time in six weeks, Mary Curtis-Verna took over on short notice a leading role in a Metropolitan Opera production,'' replacing an indisposed Zinka Milanov as Aida.
Her determination to wring greater compensation from Fox and the “Idol” producers was borne of a feeling that they had undermined and disrespected her for years, according to people close to her who were part of the negotiations.
Simon Maierhofer, a co-founder of ETFguide.com , agreed.
Their second bus, including all their starters except David Lee and Danilo Gallinari, arrived about 55 minutes before tip-off against the Los Angeles Lakers , having been snagged in gridlock on the way from their Santa Monica hotel.
Service may be a bit sluggish and the décor a little dowdy — floral bed covers, wall-mounted hair dryers — but the rambling, seven-acre grounds are lushly landscaped and offer private access to Store Bay.
Jonathan J. Margolis Brookline, Mass., Aug. 30, 2009  To the Editor: It is presumptuous to suggest that the roar of the New Deal liberal has been silenced.
INTRODUCED ON SUNDAY Toyota FT-EV Concept IS IT REAL?
Named for the native region of one of its owners, it specializes in grain-based dishes.
Your colleagues will know; your patients will know.
And in between he gives us some early hints of his later macho crotch-grabbing.
How did Mayor Bloomberg achieve further reductions in crime, which many people assumed couldn’t happen after the large gains of the Giuliani years?
“I had just gotten the lifetime achievement award.
Shortly after the shooting, Mr. Huckabee, considered a front-runner for the Republican nomination for president in 2012, issued a statement blaming “a series of failures in the criminal justice system in both Arkansas and Washington State” for Mr. Clemmons’s alleged recent crimes.
You don’t need to hurry.
It was a gathering of three upstart ensembles — the Secret Society, the Industrial Jazz Group and the Bjorkestra — that share the standard dimensions of jazz big bands without a lot of the standard inhibitions.
There has been a lot of chatter and nearly as much activity around turning computers into entertainment centers.
HAMILTON ENDS DROUGHT Lewis Hamilton, the Formula One defending champion, won the Hungarian Grand Prix in Budapest for his first victory of the season to end a streak of 11 races without a top-three finish.
But a restorative song of uplift always seems to be around the corner.
Evert said she had a blast.
It’s such a sensitive issue for black men that even the Black Man in Chief dove into the fray on Wednesday, reiterating that the issue of racial profiling “ still haunts us .” So passionate was his empathy that it caused him to err.
Home health care companies are already complaining that the cuts will hurt patients, but their industry is one of the most profitable parts of Medicare; it needs to do its fair share to curb the relentless surge in Medicare spending.
LAFAYETTE 35, HARVARD 18 Rob Curley threw two touchdowns and DeAndre’ Morrow ran for two scores for visiting Lafayette (5-1).
Few American concertgoers know his name, let alone his music.
But the color and clarity are definitely improved, especially in low light.
But since the Palestinian Authority signed a commitment on Jan. 22 recognizing the court’s authority, the prosecutor has appeared more open to studying the Palestinian claim.
was carelessly throwing a lifetime’s worth of work into doubt.
King Blues Club & Grill, 237 West 42nd Street, Manhattan, (212) 997-4144, bbkingblues.com ; $30 in advance; $35 at the door.
It’s as ancient and foreign as anything you could hear.
Because a cap-and-trade system, depending on its final structure, would also be likely to auction off some allowances to pollute, it would create a revenue stream that could be plowed back into energy efficiency and the renewable energy industry.
Even threatening to do so might break the deadlock and halt this deteriorating situation.
Homes in the Dubrovnik area priced below 250,000 euros (about $351,000) are still selling, according to Mandy-Jo Walter, the business manager for the Dubrovnik-based real estate company Savills Croatia.
Iran had kept the plant a state secret until a few days before the United States and other Western powers disclosed its existence last month.
Ms. Berner will continue to run the company, and Tom Williams will remain as chief financial officer.
“How do we love people?” he asked rhetorically.
''I got kind of fascinated by how scattered they had been.
Saatchi & Saatchi, New York, part of the Publicis Groupe, was agency of the year, with eight awards.
Perhaps cybercops will respond more aggressively to Internet threats as they spread to the more wholesome parts of the Web, like police forces that leave crime alone in the poor parts of town but snap into action when it seeps into middle-class neighborhoods.
He went on to become one of the state’s most prominent defense lawyers, representing clients as varied as Abu Ghraib defendants, the rap stars Lil’ Kim and Queen Latifah and members of Newark’s notorious street gangs.
Initially, this was envisaged as a private sector project but the fragility of the markets have meant that the judicious use of the contingency funding that was available in the infrastructure budget has been used.
Under the final draft of agreement, other habitats that absorb carbon dioxide — like peat bogs, which store large amounts of carbon dioxide in their soil — could be eligible for payments.
Spain’s Socialist government has long resisted calls from the United States and other NATO allies to increase its Afghan force.
Gardner had already been used, having scored the go-ahead run on a stolen base and a throwing error.
The scene ends with a fadeout to unconsciousness.
“The way I think about it is, I would coach a different team every quarter,” he said.
“Respectability lets the human pendulum swing over such a pitiful little arc.” But in rebelling against that notion of respectability, King created an arc wider than anything he might have imagined and lived a more profound lie than dissemblers about race or gender usually can.
Maybe you are just a lout, reckless and on the run.
''You'd be having a perfectly serious conversation with him, and he starts chewing his napkin.''
Its wooden planks are lashed together with a coil of metal as if each section of pipe were a long, narrow barrel.
In Lieu of flowers, contributions may be made in his memory, to the Fordham University School of Law, National Scholars Fund, 140 West 62nd Street, New York, NY 10023.
The other 73 percent will be shielded from the increase because, under federal law, their Medicare premiums cannot go up more than the increase in their Social Security benefits, and Social Security officials announced last week that there would be no increase in benefits in 2010 because inflation had been extremely low.
Manohla Dargis wrote in The New York Times in December that ''the film is neither about the Holocaust nor about those Germans who grappled with its legacy: it's about making the audience feel good about a historical catastrophe that grows fainter with each new tasteful interpolation.''
Mencken and other prominent authors.
''I'm just happy to get that out of the way,'' said Ramirez, who was given a magnum of Champagne from the clubhouse manager Mitch Poole after the game.
“Perhaps you are familiar with them,” she wrote.
One of his most characteristic gestures is his way of clawing his hair back with a wide-spread hand, which served to redirect attention to his powerful gaze.
In 1899, the opening of the Lalance & Grosjean enamel factory helped populate the neighborhood.
But Safina has proven that she can win when not at her best, saving match points in two different matches on her way to last year’s French Open final.
(Imagine a lit-crit parlor game in which players are forced to say how John Bunyan’s “Grace Abounding to the Chief of Sinners” is like Daniel Defoe’s “Fortunes and Misfortunes of the Famous Moll Flanders,” and how both give rise to Patty Hearst’s memoir of life with the Symbionese Liberation Army.)
This is perhaps the point of this unrelenting work.
But they do not have the same luxury of time as local grave hunters who use many of the same search methods and range from avid historians who collaborate with the authorities to clandestine collectors who pillage artifacts for sale and then move on.
Above all, as Manhattan borough president, he was generous and gracious in working with the Manhattan delegation to the New York City Council, in budgetary matters as well as other substantive issues.
Or, more to the point, the picture is a pugilistic cousin to the “Step Up” dance-competition franchise, which helped put Mr. Tatum’s career on its upward trajectory.
At home, the staple meal was tea and bread, which his mother jokingly referred to as a balanced diet: a solid and a liquid.
“The law was targeted at large toymakers using lead.
The East End Hospice Board of Directors, volunteers and staff mourn the loss of Barbara McMahon, past member of the Board, dedicated volunteer and hospice patron.
Since Danner the essayist doesn’t take the care to understand these societies the way that Danner the reporter did in Haiti, violence in no way strips them bare.
But many of Petro-Canada’s investors were dissatisfied with the company’s financial performance even before the current collapse of energy prices.
The return of Courtney Lee did not seem to help.
It was the historic dust-up that ensued when this photograph appeared, in 1974, in Artforum, the leading art magazine of the time.
Pfizer would finance the deal, in part, through its own cash reserves — some of which are abroad and need to be repatriated, probably incurring tax penalties — and the rest through loans from banks.
If that happens, and if the Steelers beat the Miami Dolphins, they will, despite a late-season five-game losing streak, make the playoffs as a wild card.
In the wide-ranging interview with Mr. Chertoff, two weeks before he leaves office, he suggested that his controversial efforts to rapidly build a fence along nearly 700 miles of the Mexican border, as well as his bolstering the size of the Border Patrol, were part of the push to defend against drug violence, not just to control illegal immigration .
Then, Dr. Ruby artfully grilled a two-inch-thick porterhouse until it was salt-crunchy and charred on the outside but still bloody within.
Neil Dekker, a container analyst at Drewry Shipping Consultants in London, said that total freight costs for a 40-foot container from China to Rotterdam had climbed to $2,500 last month, from $1,475 early this year and $3,200 in September of last year.
A thunderstorm threatens, and she accepts a ride from a stranger, in a passage that will chill any parent’s heart.
Her campaign distributes a Fortune cover story for which she was photographed holding the reins of Brandy, a regal-looking horse, although an editor at Fortune later admitted that Brandy was in fact a rental horse and did not belong to Whitman.
To make matters more unpredictable, a lapsed Republican running as an independent, Christopher J. Daggett, who once ran the state’s environmental protection department, outshone both of his better-known opponents in the first debate.
The words that tell here — if they can be heard above the gasps of horror in the audience — are: “The villainy you teach me, I will execute, and it shall go hard but I will better the instruction.” Some scholars argue that Shakespeare intended to create in Shylock a fundamentally comic villain.
Citing the abortion provisions and limitations of the coverage of immigrants, the bishops wrote, “Until these fundamental flaws are remedied, the bill should be opposed.”
Left, a worker at Lee Spring in Brooklyn inspects a spring; right, wire for making springs is run into a machine from large spools.
I have been a persistent critic of the decision to install an electronic sound-enhancement system in the theater in 1999.
The injured were taken to a hospital.
Saturday’s version: wide receiver Darrius Heyward-Bey, once clocked in the 40-yard dash at Maryland in 4.23 seconds.
General Motors will announce plans at the auto show to build a factory in the United States to assemble advanced batteries for its Chevrolet Volt model, which it expects to start selling next year.
The office of Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki issued a statement calling for an investigation into the attack.
Nordqvist read over what Stahle had written.
The second soldier is a 28-year-old who received a diagnosis of strep pneumonia leading to meningitis on Friday.
And that’s a fair description of her actual childhood.
And the installation is as dense and busy as the one for the tea show is spare, with everything in it, apart from two sculptures, belonging to Yale.
“In Italy, what grows in the backyard goes into the pot,” Mr. Russo said.
“You could make Julia Child’s boeuf bourguignon once in your life and learn a lot,” she said.
You set yourself impossible goals, and then you kick yourself because you’re not good enough.
Mr. Durham has shrouded his investigation in a level of secrecy rare even by the normally tight-lipped standards of special prosecutors, and after 18 months it is still difficult to assess either the direction or the targets of his investigation.
The next day, as we were driving between two bases, we ran into a traffic snarl at a bridge, with dozens of Afghan soldiers and police officers milling about.
His suspension came in 2005, only months after he adamantly denied using drugs in a nationally televised Congressional hearing.
Bookings for petroleum and coal products rose 8.3 percent.
It subsequently bargained with its creditors over a restructuring plan that would keep it operating and cut $10 billion in unsecured debt.
Alas, no navigation system is perfect.
She graduated magna cum laude from Colby College and received a master’s in public policy from Georgetown University.
At the end of June, the shares represented 2.65 percent of the portfolio.
She graduated from the University of Pennsylvania and received a master’s degree in journalism from Columbia University.
“It is going to take some time.” Mr. Orszag’s comments conveyed less than full-throated optimism, however.
But both said they would be open to alternative plans.
You can order desserts like cagaita sorbet — another fruit not even on my list — or you could just wait for the outrageous tray of sweets that comes with your espresso.
People need the welfare state before they “can give themselves over to the very strenuous and sometimes very risky games of the market economy,” Archbishop Marx said.
The State of West Virginia has begun tying student aid to academic progress , and graduation rates there have risen .
We cannot accept it,” France’s foreign minister, Bernard Kouchner, told RTL radio .
The Haydn works — both Trios in D, Nos.
Mr. Aviles also outlined new protocols for screening emergency-room admissions, using nonuniformed security officers trained in crisis intervention rather than hospital police.
“He said, ‘Dad, they might lose, but Utley has the chance to be the most valuable player,’ ” Richardson said.
He worries about the employability of his children, who are studying engineering at top colleges, the University of Southern California and California Polytechnic State University.
“They didn’t have to settle if they didn’t want to,” he said.
If left unchecked, xenophobia spreads fast.
The Urban Institute study of Maryland concluded that because of appeals, it cost as much as $1.9 million more for a state prosecutor to put someone on death row than it did to put a person in prison.
I think about my sister who lives in New Jersey and is a teacher, and about the women she works with, and how they can look at Michelle Obama and not have to pretend to be that woman, that working mother with kids who knows the big designer names but also shops at J.
By opening the space, the bathrooms also help guests orient themselves in an unfamiliar environment.
Taught at Spence 1955-57; elementary school admissions officer 1957-77; head of the middle school 1981-84.
But police officials said on Sunday that officers had made three visits to Mr. Gales’s apartment because of odor complaints and had spoken with Mr. Gales as recently as April.
He shook hands with Luke Donald and Stephen Ames, who were in his playing party, and headed up the hill to the scoring hut.
“You have to be careful and efficient, but it’s not one dimensional.” But can someone cast as the ultimate United States Open player tame Augusta National?
“I get to do the fun stuff.”
Mr. McLoughlin was active in the Princeton community.
Hartford Stage, 50 Church Street.
Until that happens, buyers beware.
“You’ve got to look at the scoreboard tomorrow,” said Lucas Glover, who is tied with Woods.
“We’re thrilled the Tigers are competitive, but they’re also competing with us for dollars in the marketplace,” Lewand said.
Joby Talbot’s music (a major ingredient in originally making the work a hit in Britain), with its loud-quiet-loud structure, harsh surface and pulpy core, creates the atmosphere, while the choreography largely ignores the score’s workings.
First, how is it that such different animals, belonging to separate branches of the animal kingdom, have all come to possess the same deadly poison?
James R. Houghton, Chairman Thomas P. Campbell, Director Emily K. Rafferty, President
The administration has said it plans to prosecute 40 in civilian or military courts, including 5 who will be tried in federal court in New York.
I could cobble together a free version — you can get behind the firewall at The Journal if you go through Google News and know exactly what you are looking for — but I chose to pay the freight.
That schedule made the experience easier for his partner, Kathryn, who also visited him on location several times.
Dean (Andy Milder), Doug (Kevin Nealon) and Celia (Elizabeth Perkins) reach an understanding.
“And that chain is letting us know we are all linked together in freedom.” Another gigantic silver chain lay coiled on Abby Modell’s Valentine’s Day table, which was really a bed, plumped up with snakeskin and fake fur pillows, in a kind of goth-punk mash-up.
“The reporting requirements are so huge and so vast,” said John Musso, the executive director of the Association of School Business Officials International.
The Nutmeg dances were mainly traditional ballet, with the women on point; Mr. Samuels Smith and his colleagues are tap virtuosos; the dancers of the Cunningham company have, since the 1950s, possessed feet as articulate as those of any other modern-dance company, or more so; and few young and upwardly mobile choreographers today show a keener sense of how feet can project in time and space than Ms. Tanowitz.
But in 2007, she said, another inspection found that 10 percent to 20 percent of the local water still came from the well.
A bald eagle flew overhead and landed on a fir perched over the river.
“They’re all individual and have interesting shapes, but they’re functional too.” At night, Jimmy’s (5) is the place to be (205 South Mill Street; 970-925-6020).
3 when the Ashes series starts on July 8.
Local fund-raisers; Mr. Bush’s brother President Bush; and his father, former President George Bush, all encouraged him to enter the race, predicting he would re-energize the Republican Party.
Tread marks from tanks or bulldozers crisscross the area.
“Elina Garanca looks dazzling, is an excellent actress and an outstanding singer,” he wrote.
Emily Carlin Poster and Christopher Allen Hoch are to be married on Sunday.
“I can’t get a new car,” she said.
Rising deficits have caused strains in bond markets, reflecting worries about the possibility of default and the ability of investors to digest the surge in supply.
When Katie Couric took over the job in September 2006, Mr. Cronkite introduced her on the air and praised her in interviews.
Modern neurological study, he said, weighs heavily on the engineering tools of fluid mechanics and materials behavior.
The American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers is owed $213,020, the filing said.
He actually studies every artist to see the range of what they can do.” Doing business the way Mr. Bandier does requires a fat bankroll.
But they stressed that their outlets deploy extensive safety precautions to properly handle ground beef that is potentially contaminated.
CHELSI--Lawrence, renowned baritone and teacher, died on October 6 at 89.
Mr. Kerik pleaded guilty to eight felony counts in November.
In 2000, the Linux operating system was a hot technology, but it had not spread much beyond scientists, researchers and computer programmers.
“Being prepared is half the battle in terms of keeping their attention,” Ms. Rios said.
The mystery has gripped Mumbai, with each new development splashed across newspapers and played in endless loops on local television channels.
With his family’s savings rapidly dwindling, he drove seven hours to Troy, Mich., last weekend in a snowstorm for a job fair organized by BAE Systems, a military contractor, standing in line for two-and-a-half hours to get an interview.
But they said the countries bound by the 1973 bear agreement would be unable, without worldwide cooperation, to address the looming risk to the species: the prospect that global warming from emissions of greenhouse gases would continue to erode the sheath of Arctic sea ice that the half-ton bears roam in pursuit of seals.
The costs of its demise are there for all to see.
To accomplish that, the salaries of all teachers should be raised, since all subjects are equally vital in stimulating students’ minds.
And over the weekend, online sources like TehranBureau.com , which combines reporting from Iran with observations from outsiders and accepts donations, had surges of traffic as users sought information about the protests in that country.
CONS: The only way to reach the roof deck is through the attic.
Right away is not too soon.
The Caretaker Gazette has over 11,000 paid subscribers, up more than 10 percent from two years earlier, he said.
From now on it was against this wall that I was then smashed with the towel around my neck.
Ken Biberaj, the Russian Tea Room’s vice president, estimated that a couple of thousand matchbooks — at 10 cents apiece — go out the door each month, and his standing order is for 20,000.
“You call your family but you can’t get through,” Mu said.
Here are some highlights: CARMEL-BY-THE-SEA CONCOURS ON THE AVENUE Tuesday, Ocean Avenue, Carmel.
Previously an Arab city known as Lydda, it was conquered by Israeli forces in July 1948.
When we walk into other people’s houses, we peruse their bookshelves, look at their CD cases and sneak a peek at their video collections (better that than their medicine cabinets).
Officer Kelly was charged with vehicular manslaughter and driving while intoxicated, the authorities said, after his S.U.V.
The side vents behind the front wheels are simple, horizontal lines, in contrast to the XK’s upright vertical crease.
General Electric, based in Connecticut, is working with Elion Chemical Industry of Ordos City to cut its wastewater discharge into the Yellow River.
Opening Citi Field on a crisp 54-degree night, rather than in the afternoon as in previous home openers, was not the Mets’ first choice.
In 1952 she returned to New York and appeared in musicals.
Living in a winter wonderland.
The court’s decision to hear the case adds a further complication to the Obama administration’s efforts to close the prison at the naval base in Guantánamo Bay, Cuba.
Since taking power in September, members of Japan’s new government have offered contradictory statements on the issue.
Right now the investment portion of the Obama plan is limited by a shortage of “shovel ready” projects, projects ready to go on short notice.
I think this is a moment where we can do it, and be proud of it, and be proud of something we accomplished together.''
Mr. Rosado says he wants to campaign for stricter penalties for drunken driving .
PHOTOS (PHOTOGRAPHS BY MARILYNN K. YEE/THE NEW YORK TIMES)
“He has been a smashing success politically, but not in terms of policy.” The vote concerning private background checks was a particularly bitter defeat, as the governor had forcefully lobbied for increased controls in the aftermath of the Virginia Tech shootings in April 2007.
These include hundreds of independent book retailers (statistically weighted to represent all such outlets); national, regional and local chains; online and multimedia entertainment retailers; university, gift, supermarket, discount and department stores; and newsstands.
Critics say the software, called Green Dam-Youth Escort, could be used to censor Web sites with content deemed politically unacceptable, even though the government says its main use will be to block access to pornography.
A daughter, Alison Martino, described the death as sudden but did not give a cause.
“Your body doesn’t heal as quickly.” How special was Bruschi, who never played for another team?
Swisher is 9 for 18 in June, and is hitting .257 over all.
In the last room of the exhibition there are a series of student drawings made during his tenure, glass-and-steel compositions that look uncannily like reproductions of Mies’s own work, as if the students were now there to worship at the master’s feet.
“In rehearsals we were kind of like Mattachine meetings — we have five very strong personalities as actors, and they really care about the play, so there have been many moments of spirited debate,” Mr. Silverstein said.
Suze Orman would recommend one.
Got anything with a wider angle?”
In the off-season, a one-bedroom suite can go for as low as $155, including a continental breakfast.
The men are united in what they see as the need to build up the American effort in Afghanistan, although General Petraeus, who works closely with General McChrystal, said last week that he had not yet endorsed General McChrystal’s request for more troops.
The Obama administration will also be asking European governments to step up to take some of the Guantanamo prisoners off of America’s hands.
Westchester’s decision to allow bowhunting for culling purposes came after a county task force examined the issue for three years.
Official voting results had not been released and were expected Monday.
A person might order a steak, nicely charred and served beside whipped potatoes; steak is a luxury in the islands, sometimes as rare as snow.
A report last month from the NPD Group estimated that 12 percent of fashion companies will not survive the recession.
Could I possibly look that weird?
The Ossining-based Community Markets, which runs 19 markets in the area, is the organizer.
Although Brady was not sacked, he was hit seven times.
Three relievers — J. C. Romero, Clay Condrey and Scott Eyre — are injured.
Dr. Carhart declined to provide specifics on how late in a pregnancy he would be willing to perform an abortion.
Jon S. Corzine, in his state on Tuesday.
Chad returned to school his freshman year, but he was so far behind in classes and so stigmatized by his teachers and peers, his mother said, that he soon dropped out.
“I think it should help get him going.” Benjamen Segal’s Renovation Expenses Four quarts of Benjamin Moore Aura latex paint from Janovic $74 Umbra bookshelf and other shelving from the Container Store $78 Colored duct tape from Aurora Hardware $36 Masking tape, spray paint and supplies from the Home Depot $33 Double-headed vintage floor lamp from the 26th Street flea market $75 Total $296
This case involved Israel , Switzerland and an Apple Jacks cereal box stuffed with $97,000 — all of which was very regrettable, but not the sort of thing likely to give nightmares to lovers of democracy around the globe.
Stephen Mojzsis, a geologist at the University of Colorado who analyzed one of the Greenland sites, argued in Nature last month that the Late Heavy Bombardment would not have killed everything, as is generally believed.
No wonder General Motors asked for more taxpayer money.
It is about one block from Matanzas Bay and seawall and about a half-block from Water Street with its larger homes with water and fort views.
Teams are drawing between 4,000 and 5,000 fans a game, and another 41,000 are watching on television, about as many fans as watch Major League Soccer games.
They labeled her as too liberal.
Undoubtedly they knew that the state boards of accountancy, which granted them their licenses to audit, would not consider these transgressions seriously.
The impetus for “Die Vögel,” however, was Braunfels’s tour of duty during World War I, which left him profoundly embittered.
In keeping with the city’s reputation as a culinary mecca, its adjoining cafe has an impressive pedigree.
The shutdown left thousands of people standing in lines and half-empty planes sitting on tarmacs.
In Brooklyn, they are Flatbush Catholic Academy, St. Vincent Ferrer, Most Precious Blood, St. Elizabeth Ann Seton, Our Lady of Perpetual Help and Our Lady of Angels.
Danisha Nazario, the third-place winner on Saturday, followed her father’s secret recipe, though without his consent: He keeps the recipe locked in a metal safe beneath his bed.
The suit is based on the Administrative Procedure Act , which allows courts to force agencies to respond to rule-making petitions.
He returned to the Premier League, to Bolton and then to Chelsea.
There, Mr. Tanner said, the police handcuffed and hit him and confiscated his car.
“We had a few complaints from coaches saying, ‘How dare A.S.M.I.
What with all the economic Cassandras making prophecies that the retail sector will be a disaster well into the third quarter, designers reacted by staging a mass memorial for themselves, one show picking up the somber thread from the last until the dark-clad toughies at Costume National blended into the black-coated union laborers invoked at Christopher Bailey’s low key presentation at Burberry.
Simply let him know where he is needed so he can grab the right glove.
Now all eyes are on Pargo and Delfino.
might as well bring back George Halas.
Indebtedness redirects an individual’s energies inward: failing to pay the mortgage and college tuition can bring up feelings of anxiety, shame and a sense of personal failure.
honoris causa from the Aristotelian University in Thessaloniki, and a M.D.
Future trends in search may also be helpful to children.
Everybody knows that Missouri is coming.” Pinkel certainly made an impression, as Gabbert, whose brother Blaine is the starting quarterback at Missouri , said, “It was pretty cool knowing that a coach came and watched you using a helicopter.” But Pinkel still flew away empty-handed.
It’s nice that you can start and stop recording using the remote, so you don’t have to keep running over to the PC — but you can’t activate the Delete, Save and Try Again buttons using the remote, so you have to keep running over to the PC anyway.
Right now, it seems as if 16 could be the magic number for Greinke if he is to win the award.
They were going to have to earn it.” At first, Wise said, he did not think he had a chance.
Cherished grandfather of Issac, Jeremy, and Erica.
Joan Rodgers brought her plush soprano to the role of Donna, who briefly comes between the poet and his love.
Sept. 12, noon to 5 p.m. Free.
Reyes spent his off-season in the Dominican Republic adding to his muscle tone.
They walked out to the sound of some other delegates applauding Mr. Ahmadinejad.
Tour World Championship in 1990, when it was airlifted from New York to Frankfurt and later became the Tennis Masters Cup in 2000.
While some of the windows are of unknown origin, all share a careful attention to detail.
“After eight months we are closer together than ever,” Weston wrote in what he called his daybook in late 1934.
Tom Mylan, a renowned butcher, previously of Marlow & Daughters in New York City, is about to open another local, sustainable butcher’s shop called The Meat Hook, as part of the larger Brooklyn Kitchen Labs, which goes live Nov. 11.
“Get off your false moral high ground and pay already,” another demanded, in comments posted on The New York Times Web site.
That doesn’t mean he expects to lose in Rosario.
US Attorney, Litigator in NY Courts, retired from NYC Human Resources Administration.
The victory sets up an intriguing matchup: she will take on Kim Clijsters.
It is up to Congress to draft regulations for many of these articles, but the legislature also is an institution in flux, with Indians guaranteed new representation in its chambers.
Her mother works in the Glendale office of the Los Angeles County Department of Public Social Services, where she screens applicants for eligibility.
Friday at 8:30 and 10 p.m. $10 and $15.
And so late in 2008, she began building up mood boards, the inspiration flashcards created from tear sheets, postcards and scraps of cloth, and abstracting from a visit to the Fortuny Museum in Venice the germ of a collection based on beauties of the Belle Epoque.
A systematic comparison of disclosures in proxies is time-consuming; bonus terms are not always reduced to easily searched charts or tables.
I cannot believe that the trucks work so well if they sit around for months on end.
Oh, how good it is to laugh again.
Services are being handled by The Goldstein Funeral Chapel, Inc., Edison, NJ.
''Folkloring in those days was a family affair,'' she wrote.
And I’m sure just like the original Mr. Darcy it will be as handsome as ever.
“Being accepted simply means being able to perform your job even in the most hostile environments,” Mr. de Margerie says.
Combine the lentils and water in a large saucepan, bring to a boil, skim off any foam, reduce the heat, add salt to taste and simmer 30 minutes, or until the lentils are soft and most but not all of the water is absorbed.
Failing to reach 100 points in consecutive games for the first time since November, the Lakers dropped their second straight.
Death rates reflect deaths from cancer, not diagnoses.
The good news is that last year’s showing was a result of huge incentives — slashed by $1,300 per vehicle this year — that increased market share to an unsustainable 29 percent.
Madeleine and I have a groove now.
Children can join the Floral Park soccer, hockey, lacrosse, football, touch football and Little League teams, through a variety of organizations.
Mitigation of driver distraction will turn out to be much quicker and more reliable than mitigation of the impairment due to elevated blood alcohol.
The second is the number of gallons of aquifer water that, until recently, flowed underground through the town’s spring house each day for a century.
“His oldest victim was 98.
“In 25 years, there’s going to be this convergence of the population getting older but also many people having had diabetes for a long period of time, and that will lead to higher costs,” said Dr. Elbert S. Huang, the lead author of the paper, who is part of a University of Chicago diabetes research team.
leaders in December agreed to help the automakers by delaying when the companies are required to make multibillion-dollar payments into a new trust fund designed to pay for retiree health coverage.
He walked in the sixth inning and was removed for a pinch-runner.
When Mercier crosses the Vistula to meet an agent in Praga, the workers’ district on the east bank of the river, he disguises himself in a ratty overcoat that makes him look “like some lost soul sentenced to live in a Russian novel,” Mr. Furst writes.
Advocates of gay rights say this gives them an opening.
After falling behind by 1-0 in the 11th, the Netherlands rallied with two runs in the bottom of the inning to grab the game.
In 2006, he received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President George W. Bush .
As we consider the road that unfolds before us, we remember with humble gratitude those brave Americans who, at this very hour, patrol far-off deserts and distant mountains.
Greenburgh Nature Center, 99 Dromore Road.
“He was one of the most prolific investigators in the area of postoperative pain management,” Dr. Shafer said.
“Someone approached them and blew himself up,” a spokesman for the French Embassy, Marc Flattot, said in a telephone interview from the capital, Nouakchott.
RESTAURANT BOCCA 190 Main Street, East Haven; boccaeasthaven.com ; (203) 467-9498.
DANIEL BEERY knew Jennifer Goldsack wanted gold, but a wedding ring was the furthest thing from her mind.
It sought to pare down government-financed public works projects, a major source of jobs.
“It will just drag people’s attention away, and they will want to do only the critical things,” said Jonathan MacQuitty, a partner at venture capital firm Abingworth.
“Companies are just waiting to see how the crisis unfolds and how they will survive,” Mr. Kofyan said.
A. Shariah itself doesn’t change.
With the transmission in its regular Drive setting, the engine speed needs to be above 3,000 r.p.m.
By then we had settled in Baltimore, the city of “The Wire,” where we stayed for 18 years.
The Magna bid — from a consortium of Magna International Inc. and the Russian lender Sberbank — is the one preferred by the German government.
Based on previous achievement, this is essentially Federer against the second tier, and if you consider that assessment too harsh, consider that Federer has a combined record of 38-1 against the five other men left, with his only loss coming against González in a round-robin match at the Tennis Masters Cup in Shanghai in 2007.
“The virus could be anywhere.
He compares this natural apprehension of a moral principle to the depth perception humans have thanks to the evolution of stereo vision.
College football never fails me with its grubbiness.
But in the simulation, talking on the phone increased the odds of being hit or almost hit by a virtual car from 8.5 to 12 percent, a 43 percent increase in risk.
finals with 47.7 seconds remaining.
If you are comfortable handing your BlackBerry to your baby, Baby Go!, a free app from Zeebu Mobile, is made for children 2 years old and younger.
“We have applauded their good football and their achievements, now it is necessary to try to take away their titles.” Valdano, a World Cup winner with Argentina in 1986, was the right hand man to Florentino Pérez the first time the construction billionaire ruled Real Madrid, from 2000 to 2006.
But the financial crisis and ensuing race for deposits may actually have extended the longevity of the branch.
Interment at St. Charles Cemetery, Farmingdale, NY.
That Sunday, in a homemade videotape, Harris addressed his parents.
The organ, the Craighead-Saunders, is a unique instrument, not only because of its lovely sound, but also because it is a nearly exact copy of a late Baroque organ built by Adam Gottlob Casparini of East Prussia in 1776.
“The only winners seem to be those for whom this issue has become personal, and who see this as a game in which victory means having their way,” one Wikipedia poster named Faustian wrote on Monday, adding, “Just don’t pretend you are doing anything other than harming scientific research.” What had been a simmering dispute over the reproduction of a single plate reached new heights in June when James Heilman, an emergency-room doctor from Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, posted images of all 10 plates to the bottom of the article about the test, along with what research had found to be the most popular responses for each.
This is what private investors do as they go foraging for gems hidden amid the wreckage in the banking system.
No matter — don’t examine the dental work of a gift horse.
Mr. Durbin acknowledges that it was a mistake not to call on the administration for help.
If only our legislators had the courage to ask such questions.
“But we haven’t been able to pitch.” In truth, that remark was directed at any starter not named Johan Santana.
The concerto would be a staple if it were not so fiendishly difficult.
It was now 2 p.m. and I needed a break.
His Copenhagen Concert Hall, which opened here on Saturday evening, is a loving tribute to Hans Scharoun’s 1963 Berlin Philharmonie, whose cascading balconies made it one of the most beloved concert halls of the postwar era.
The SHO performance version, with a twin-turbo V-6, is a tour-de-force.
The minutes do not say what her specific objections were.
CHRISTIAN SCHWARTZ No longer is typographical savvy the exclusive province of geeky art students, according to Christian Schwartz, the type designer who has forged or fiddled with most of T's typefaces since 2007.
“Half of me says I hope it never sells, while the other half says we really would like to sell and get closer to the kids,” Mr. Roth said.
“Let’s Make a Deal,” the 1960s and ’70s staple that featured audience members in wacky costumes taking a chance on what was behind different doors, will return to the daytime schedule Oct. 5 with a new host but many of the old games and the same structure.
TORRINGTON Warner Theater ''An Evening with Carl Yard and Joseph Anthony.''
It was a while ago.” McNabb also was asked about Rush Limbaugh, who once lost a commentary job at ESPN after saying that McNabb was overrated by journalists because they wanted a black quarterback to succeed.
“They are not buying the book to go see these people,” he said.
It didn’t seem like such a bad idea — until you were confronted with the sight of an 8-month-old infant in slippery pajamas, unhappy about not being held.
Mr. Gural was chairman of Newmark & Company from 1957 to 1998.
“The Bauhaus wasn’t an equal playing field,” said Leah Dickerman, co-curator of the MoMA retrospective.
Both countries fear the E.U.
Being regularly surrounded by a community that shares your convictions and reinforces them through literature, art and ritual is incredibly powerful, and yes, spiritual.
The phone can function in temperatures from 4 degrees below zero Fahrenheit to 140 degrees above — and it has a 128-by-160-pixel shock-resistant screen, so odds are that it will not crack as easily as the more delicate Apple iPhone .
Israel is trying to reach common ground with the Americans and to revive what it insists were firm, if informal, understandings with the Bush administration allowing limited settlement growth.
“It was a classic 1940s.
William Forsythe’s “Decreation,” which opened at the Brooklyn Academy of Music on Wednesday night, is a relentlessly mobile entity.
But there is an irony to that.
Ms. Napolitano, who has already rented out her condo here (there is no governor’s mansion), left for Washington on Tuesday (though she will not resign as governor until confirmed by the Senate) and has made no plans to return to Arizona anytime soon, aides said.
He hopes to offer the same number of courses by increasing the faculty members’ loads and by relying more on graduate-student teaching assistants and part-time faculty, he said.
When he and his wife moved their business into the building two years ago, the lease spelled out precisely how they intended to use the space.
The real problem is with China.”
Those homeowners whose property values have not fallen, or whose tax rates already reflected fallen value, will not receive an additional break.
Sometimes an employee asks me if a time-consuming task of his — entering data, performing calculations on it and formatting it into reports, for instance — can be automated.
Court papers say that since 1999, the company has been awarded 13 government contracts and bank records show that from 2000, NASA, the Air Force and the Department of Energy deposited nearly $3.4 million into the corporate account.
To her disbelief, he had aced it, earning the highest score in the class.
player since George Halas to own a team, has a history of heart trouble.
The tip-off for scientists, said Mr. Jessup, was frostbite.
But the fact that there is flexibility for states to choose not to participate if they think that's in their best interest.
Village Voice Media, the chain of alternative weekly newspapers, was dropping all syndicated cartoons as a cost-cutting measure, and Mr. Perkins lost 12 papers at once, a major blow to his income.
Anecdotes help flesh out his account, which is sometimes humorous and sometimes a sober analysis of police practices and policies.
A. Bronson, once part of the three-member group General Idea, is all about collaboration.
“We have a lot to sell, but they neither have the money to buy nor a variety of goods to offer,” said Ali Nail Celik, the head of the Businessmen’s Association in the border town of Agri, Turkey.
Van Eck Emerging Markets rose 25.1 percent in third quarter and 23.45 percent during the last 12 months.
“We start putting the puzzle together about the child and his options,” Mr. Alba said.
“Texting, blogging, e-mail,” he said.
Next door at the Spencer Brownstone Gallery, the Barcelona artist Jaime Pitarch is showing everyday objects sardonically recast as sculpture.
“They’ve got her cornered in the dining room,” Lloyd said breathlessly, crouching by her.
Watching “Ratatouille,” he learned about creating it himself.
Her principal told the South African newspaper The Star that at some track meets, the other team would demand proof that someone with such a manly physique was really a girl.
Robinson had little explanation for the sudden return of his outside shot, other than extra shooting practice.
''I looked at them and asked myself if I want to cut them out,'' he said.
“Let’s start with the fact that climate change is anthropogenic,” Weber told me one morning in her Columbia office.
But the sophomore Shane Vereen, who has become the Bears’ No.
On “The Blueprint 3” he has changed his approach.
Waiting out the final weeks of the school year, they begin rightfully to revel in the shared thrill of moving on.
Attempts at meaningful compromise — like Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver’s proposal to equalize the bridge tolls and the subway fare — have been quickly trashed.
He says the country has made notable progress under his leadership, and many analysts agree that the economy is far stronger.
Jack was a brilliant lawyer, but more importantly, he was a great friend and wonderful colleague to us all.
We greatly respect our veterans.''
Those ties have not helped Google with regulators, at least not so far.
General McChrystal has requested as many as 40,000 more troops for the effort in Afghanistan and issued a dire report warning that without more forces the mission there would fail.
2 North Carolina in the A.C.C.
It names intermediaries used to broker deals between investment firms and the state pension fund during the troubled tenure of Alan G. Hevesi , Mr. DiNapoli’s predecessor.
But neither player could sink the birdie put, Woods leaving his 22-foot putt way short.
AMERICANS seem to like the idea of broadening health insurance coverage, but they may not want to be forced to buy it.
Her offer of $369,000 was accepted.
With the Wii, the difference gets even fuzzier.
But the ruling on Tuesday, by the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, eliminates, for now, lingering uncertainty over the rule.
On Thursday the Pirates franchise revved up for another spectacular season when a group of their minor leaguers lost to Manatee Community College .
But he was surprised that the super, according to the lawsuit, retaliated against the couple.
“Paterson is the son of the Harlem elders,” said the Rev.
Karen G. Krueger New York
He seemed, even then, to be a person who was trying with all of his being to step outside of reality and leave it behind.
I cooked the beans separately to guarantee their tenderness.
American, NATO and Afghan forces killed 310 civilians over the same period, mostly from airstrikes, the United Nations reported.
“It’s kind of what I wanted for him since the day I let him go.” Thomas has never publicly discussed his dismissal.
Smoke machines were activated and about 150 volunteers were made up to look bloodied and injured: a glass shard jutted from a forehead; a forearm was scraped raw.
Ms. Remini and Ms. Handler, in particular, can display mean streaks that are genuinely scary and funny, a little like the callous heroines of the British series “Absolutely Fabulous.” ABC’s version waters down the fierce, farcical spirit of those webisodes to suit broadcast television tastes.
Last year as a senior in business management, she said, she got a job offer to be a white-collar worker at a large construction company.
Otherwise, he said, Iran just gets closer to a bomb capability every day that talks drag on.
Mr. Davis tried to reassure him.
Mary Schapiro , Mr. Obama’s choice to lead the Securities and Exchange Commission, has served ably in government and industry regulatory positions, but is best known for her support of self-regulation and a greater role for principles-based regulation — basically, the opposite of clear rules.
“I like trying to push myself to reach bigger and greater and better heights,” said Davis, who could race in two to six events at the Vancouver Games.
Commissioner Roger Goodell cast doubt on Rush Limbaugh ’s viability as an N.F.L.
But little else seems sure about the disease, including how bad it will turn out to be and even its name, now officially influenza A(H1N1), according to the World Health Organization .
Koji Suzuki, the best-selling author of Japanese horror novels like the ''The Ring,'' has found a new publishing medium: toilet paper.
If you have protected your home by installing smoke detectors, an alarm system or fire retardant roofing material, you may qualify for a lower premium — but you have to ask.
“This was totally against every fiber in my body,” Thiele told me, but he also said he knew what he did was right.
“Today wasn’t great.” Griffin was solid from the baseline but missed midrange shots outside the lane and was spotty at the free-throw line.
“There is little point appealing to the people who planned and did this, but all of us have to realize we are on the brink of something absolutely awful,” said Ms. Kelly, who is a member of a Catholic-Protestant panel that oversees the police in Northern Ireland.
But the editor turned him down, even though Dr. Andersen was supposedly one of the study’s authors.
Failure to leave word of his whereabouts in Utah, ignoring one of the most basic rules of hiking, drew sharp rebukes.
That is where many of our beloved vertical neighborhoods create a zero-waste zone, a trading post for things that their owners no longer love but think surely someone else should: all that barely nicked furniture, gadgets replaced by newer models, old pots and, maybe particularly in New York, an endless deluge of books.
The Soviets’ lack of a hard currency reserve, and thus dependence on Western lending, limited the Kremlin’s options when nationalist movements broke out.
PHOTOS (PHOTOGRAPHS BY M. SPENCER GREEN/ASSOCIATED PRESS); (PHOTOGRAPHS BY THE COOK COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE, VIA A.P.
Interment to follow at Calverton National Cemetery, Calverton, NY.
Mr. Nelson has stipulated that unless the Senate bill emerges from conference virtually intact, he will vote against cloture.
chief executive, told analysts in October that he was interested in the French company because “smart grid” technology for managing electrical power demand and prospects for emerging market growth had “changed the dynamics around that industry.” In recent weeks the French consortium increased its bid, though it remained at least €100 million below Toshiba’s.
I usually drink beer out ofthe can.
Over the next 32 years his assignments included Cuba, the Dominican Republic, South America, Australia and Canada, where he became interested in birds through a neighbor who was an ornithologist.
(Ms. Childs’s 1978 solo “Katema,” we are told, was “a turning point in the history of contemporary dance.”) But if Mr. Bensard’s reverential approach can feel a little cloying at times, Ms. Childs is never that.
Thomas B. Cochran, a senior scientist in the nuclear program of the Natural Resources Defense Council , a private group in Washington that tracks atomic arsenals, called the document harmless.
Lanes, died in Honesdale Pa. at the Ellen Memorial Health Center.
While filming, Mr. Garrone had an on-site focus group.
So there I was, the sun just rising, logging onto Full Tilt Poker in the guise of my son.
Manning completed 24 of 40 passes for 230 yards and an interception.
He is the account manager for projects, including Brooklyn Bridge Park and Hudson River Park.
Bruce S. Comiskey, a Presbyterian minister, performed the ceremony.
The ad’s concept was that Nick had a greater chance of survival because the precise proton beam could destroy malignant brain tissue while leaving surrounding healthy brain tissue intact, said Jodie Justofin, the marketing director at Mass General’s cancer center.
These pioneers have formed an Internet chat group to trade information about the building’s construction progress and ever-dropping sales prices.
None of the 156 passengers were hurt.
The growing tension between the two companies came into public view recently when Google accused Apple of rejecting a proposed Google Voice application for the iPhone.
The bank already settled some aspects of the lawsuit, which is linked to claims that UBS helped wealthy clients evade taxes.
A few wrong turns and you may find yourself deep in Hatfield-and-McCoy territory.
“I don’t think I am innocent,” he said, speaking in subdued Hindi.
The case involved a motorist, Victor Harris, who was fleeing the police and was rendered quadriplegic after a police car rammed him to put an end to a high-speed chase.
Express trains to the towns that fall within the band of totality are all sold out, as are hotels.
“It makes it appear that you are in some respect condoning the situation.” The Cambodian side is insisting on parallel reporting mechanisms in which Cambodian staff report corruption allegations only to Cambodian officials.
Mr. Hun Sen announced several weeks ago that he hoped to appoint Mr. Thaksin as his adviser, a provocative move that seemed intended to rankle the Thai establishment.
Shares in the Japanese brokerage Nomura Holdings slumped 16 percent Friday after Nomura surprised investors and analysts with plans for a giant share sale intended to improve its capital base and fund investments in Japan and abroad.
The relationship between smiling and staying married held even for the photographs this group submitted -- posed and candid shots from when the subjects were, on average, 10 years old.
“Funny People” sputtered at the weekend box office, weakening Judd Apatow ’s batting average as a director and continuing a slump at Universal Pictures.
“But what happens when researchers at the same university publish medical studies without acknowledging that they were written by somebody else?” The medical schools were asked to answer the questions by Dec. 8.
“Since we’re on Iran,” Mr. Obama said, “I know Nico Pitney is here from the Huffington Post .” “Thank you, Mr. President,” replied Mr. Pitney, who has been blogging about the violent protests in Iran following the disputed presidential elections.
“I felt, let’s get past this issue and get it off the table and behind us.” Thomas LaSorda, a vice chairman who was Mr. Nardelli’s immediate predecessor as chief executive, will also be leaving Chrysler.
Merrill’s board thought Mr. Thain perfect for the job.
“I wasn’t used to being there with another adult sibling,” he said.
“There’s only so much land, and there’s no new land to claim and build on.” WHO BUYS IN VENICE The property market in Venice is expensive and draws a very international crowd, according to Ms. Doyle.
Mr. Kim is survived by his sons and his wife, Lee Hee-ho.
“I’m a big parakeet,” Mr. Stock joked.
This interview with Carol Smith, senior vice president and chief brand officer for the Elle Group, the media company, was conducted and condensed by Adam Bryant .
But in Mr. Atunes’s case the parallels aren’t insignificant.
BRUINS 5, HURRICANES 1 David Krejci had a goal and an assist and Tim Thomas made 31 saves for Boston, which snapped a season-worst four-game losing streak.
“So they decide on Islam and that becomes their life.” But last week, Mr. Muhammad found himself an accidental actor of sorts in the latest case of what the authorities call a homegrown terror plot , one in which four ex-convicts were accused of trying to blow up two Bronx synagogues and attack military aircraft.
Shelves of books ringed the room.
“Do you like it?” Mr. Cooper persisted, referring to the film, which was directed by R. J. Cutler, a producer of “The War Room,” about Bill Clinton’s 1992 presidential campaign.
I had run out of money.
The magazine appears on newsstands on Friday.
“Everything feels great; this is what the doctor told me, and I think he was right on the nail,” Rivera said.
He is 6-3 and 243 pounds but played only six games last season because of a fractured left fibula.
Edward Grayson Boca Raton, Fla., Aug. 23
Because 75 Wall Street allows its condos to be subleased for a term of three months — unusual for condo developments, which typically require lease terms of a year — the development has attracted foreign buyers.
“I foresee it being a problem for some folks, but they have yet to see the damage they do here.”
To find properties, Mr. Rameau and his colleagues check foreclosure listings, then scout out the houses for damage.
But experts on the region say that India-United States ties now have a momentum of their own.
She also tries to link Baum to historical events and to the strong personalities (P. T. Barnum), bizarre sights (Barnum’s Gen. Tom Thumb, possible progenitor to the Oz Munchkins) and brand-new inventions (from photography to electricity) that fired his imagination.
But it suggested that the next 14 games between these two old rivals would be worth watching.
His optimism was shared by politicians and analysts in Warsaw, including Poland’s finance minister, who predicted that the nation’s economy would grow more than 2 percent this year.
The news followed a contentious annual meeting in Cambridge, Mass., which Biogen executives briefly adjourned in an attempt to win back shareholder support.
“It’s definitely more about texting than calling.” As a result, Ms. Mancini said, she’d like a phone with a physical qwerty keyboard, rather than a touch screen device like an iPhone, which leads users to more closely watch where they type, or a conventional cellphone with an alphanumeric keypad.
“Clearly, there will be a number of Republicans who will try to block any choice of the president,” said Senator Charles E. Schumer, Democrat of New York, a senior member of the Judiciary Committee.
“It’s not that gold has changed, but gold buyers have changed,” said Suki Cooper, a precious-metals strategist for Barclays Capital.
For a key word or topic that a user enters, Kosmix gathers content from across the Web to build a sort of multimedia encyclopedia entry on the fly.
The ABC special, to run on Dec. 13 at 10 p.m., will include a sit-down with President Obama and the first lady, and feature behind-the-scenes preparations for the holidays at the White House.
“And we deserve to be standing here.” Pettitte became the second pitcher to win all three clinching games of a postseason.
Mr. Reyes resigned as Brocade’s chief executive in 2005 after the company disclosed that it had found accounting irregularities tied to its stock-option grants.
first-round record, to lift No.
“What’s boiling inside my head is, if you find salmonella once, do something to change things,” he said.
So Senator Max Baucus , the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, has released his “mark” on proposed legislation — which would normally be the basis for the bill that eventually emerges from his committee.
The company has said it plans to cut 3,400 jobs, or 12 percent of its work force, through layoffs or attrition.
Dan Simons, a restaurateur in the Washington area who closely monitors online forums.
Triad Theater, 158 West 72nd Street , (212) 352-3101, lovelindathemusical.com .
Do you mean to tell me this is a people’s sport?” He then answered the question: “It is not.”
Mr. Durbin shook his hand as he came onto the floor, other senators said hello, and Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the Democratic leader, pulled him aside for what looked like a substantive conversation, though Mr. Reid later made light of it.
Mr. Neeson’s character, Bryan Mills, a former operative for the Central Intelligence Agency (he calls himself a “preventer”), has hung up his black bag to repair his relationship with his long-neglected daughter, Kim (Maggie Grace).
For his spring 2010 collection Songzio is inspired by the bubble eyes of koi fish in a natural style, with soft shoulders, raglan sleeves and large pants.
It worked because Washington Mutual was a relatively simple domestic business.
Mr. Jobs, Apple’s co-founder and chief executive, said on Wednesday that he was taking a leave of absence from Apple until June because his health issues — he is a survivor of pancreatic cancer — are “more complicated” than he first thought.
The senators also asked for copies of contracts, something not normally made public.
Similar events are popping up around New York, as well as in cities like Seattle, San Francisco and Philadelphia.
“After the 1970s there was a real crackdown,” said Blake Slemmer, a lifelong canner and self-described “homesteader” in Atlanta who translates the detailed U.S.D.A.
The desserts need slight improvement, especially the coarse, flat-footed sorbets, though you’ll have no complaint whatsoever with the sumptuous chocolate dacquoise.
“I regret to say that our bona fide intention to prefer reconciliation with them was perceived as a weakness on our part.” The speech appeared to reflect a break with the Taliban, who have been supported by elements of the Pakistan military and intelligence services since the mid-1990s.
To her credit this season is the juba scene in Lincoln Center Theater’s Tony-nominated revival of “Joe Turner’s Come and Gone.” “During slavery times people got together to celebrate their roots and ancestry,” Ms. McIntyre said by phone from her home in Cleveland, explaining the history of the juba, a vibrant dance of self-expression.
“I’ve had them since 1980,” she said.
“Without a doubt, the timely and decided reaction of everybody, of all the authorities in the country, has saved not only thousands of lives in Mexico , but it has allowed the rest of the world to take the right measures and prepare themselves better, with a long lead time, with more information to face this epidemic,” Mr. Calderón said.
It arrived four days after that.
Step out of the door and you have a beautifully constructed subway station by the famous local architect Álvaro Siza.
Suzuki will invest up to half of that amount received from Volkswagen into shares of Volkswagen.
BEHIND THE NEWS American officials said they had tracked the project for years.
But picturesque country drives lead to some of the other studios, dotted along the shore.
The quieter of the two strands, which begins in Brooklyn, is a family drama in which the couple visits Kate’s family in Queens for a holiday barbecue.
Aside from priceless portraits of dancers, Volynsky devotes himself to the language of ballet and its meanings.
But opponents of presidential letters of condolence argue that treating suicide the same as other war deaths might encourage mentally frail soldiers to take their lives by making the act seem honorable.
Susan Austin, who runs the ranch nowadays at the new site, was a “working girl” back then and recalls that women would sometimes have to be rescued in the buckets of front-loader trucks when the river rose suddenly.
To know Rich was to love him.
Moore was not on board when river bandits attacked in December 2001, killing Blake in a gun battle.
“It was not a book where a whole house runs out and pushes like crazy, and you have to have success right away, because you spent all this money,” said Benjamin Shrank, publisher of Razorbill.
The plan relies on the rezoning of underused manufacturing areas, including the Greenpoint and Williamsburg neighborhoods in Brooklyn, that allowed developers to build larger buildings if they set aside some apartments as low-cost units.
And at birthday parties I see a difference.
The relationship between Needy and Jennifer is rivalrous, sisterly, undermining, sadomasochistic, treacherous and tender.
Ruby Tuesday is handing out coupons for two entrees for the price of one.
The show reimagines Orpheus as a rock star who trades in the lyre for an electric guitar.
But some military strategists argue that these uncertainties have led to excess caution on the part of Pentagon planners.
But the episode remains far from an open-and-shut case of right versus left.
It seems increasingly clear that the economic damage from exotic species outweighs the benefits of allowing polluting ocean ships into the Great Lakes.
“When we run the floor, it’s hard for people to stop us,” said Renee Montgomery, the UConn senior point guard who overcame early foul trouble to score 22 points.
When he won admission to a university in Xian , 400 miles away, his parents borrowed to cover the $1,500 in annual expenses.
Martin Perlmutter, director of the Jewish studies program at the College of Charleston, said the op-ed article did not reflect a broader culture of anti-Semitism in the state.
Its Find the Farmer Web site and special labels on the packages let buyers learn about and even contact the farmers who produced the wheat that went into their bag of flour.
“We wanted to do something that felt like a party, something casual,” he said.
Not only are the plaintiffs, David and Vanessa Dayton and their son Caleb, 18, members of an old, esteemed family with a name that means shopping to Minnesotans, but the named defendants are recent graduates of Breck School , a prestigious private school.
Orthodox psychology has long emphasized the grim slog in store for those who must live without the people they cannot live without.
Is the patient a secret agent from the state licensing board, out to determine my competence and grace under pressure?
The downtown actress Susan Louise O’Connor will make her Broadway debut among a glittering cast of veteran performers in this revival of Noël Coward’s 1941 comedy about a remarried widower with a ghostly ex-wife who won’t let go.
Instead of clean water, you flush with soapy water.
It was possible to stumble into Game 1 of the World Series and believe the Phillies’ Cliff Lee was pitching a game in May.
Still, the stars were the house-made sorbets in flavors like dark chocolate-mandarin, mango and a tart raspberry.
and cognitive decline, Pash said: “I look forward to seeing this report.
“My understanding based on the bail amount and the facts as I know them is that the injuries were not severe at all, and that the school was on ample notice of the hostilities that were ongoing between the children.” Out on the sign in front of Millburn High School, the message was the same one that Dr. Miron had put up the day before, early on inauguration morning.
With terse titles that grandly promise the last word on their subject, Gus Van Sant’s “Milk,” Oliver Stone’s “W.” and Steven Soderbergh’s “Che” all deal with once- (or still-) incendiary political figures.
... Johnny Damon left the game in the seventh with cramping in his right calf but said he expected to play Monday.
''But there were a lot of things I thought about.
Not safe for work without headphones.
So far, 48 have endorsed the mayor.
Mr. Yushchenko said in an interview broadcast Sunday night that the men were at the dinner in 2004 during which he believes that he was poisoned with dioxin.
She wanted to do the same thing.
Hasan Askari (West) led the heart ace, then continued with a low heart when his partner, Khalid Mohiuddin, played the queen.
Every valley and every village is different, each its own patchwork of ethnic groups and tribes, each with its own history.
The playwright Sarah Ruhl seems to have been thinking along much the same lines.
If you’re still having trouble understanding big-time bankers’ huge paychecks — and who isn’t?
Some Somali-Americans have already joined the Shabab as suicide bombers, raising the prospects that one day men like these could exploit their American citizenship and return to the United States to wreak havoc.
“I wonder how many kids even know what mead is.”
“That,” he stressed, “is the dream.”
"From a buyer’s standpoint," she said, "it’s a lot better to rely on a company with a deep pocket than a local attorney."
Brandeis’s approach to the practice of law in which he sometimes served as “counsel to the situation” — representing both parties to a dispute in an effort to achieve a just result — raised legitimate questions, as did his payments to his acolyte Felix Frankfurter when Brandeis was a justice and Frankfurter a Harvard Law professor who was promoting causes dear to both of them.
This is clear from the case of BB&T.
Once we had swapped — Sal very generously sweetened the deal by throwing in a pumpkin vine — an awkward pause settled over us.
Khan and captain Nowroz Mangal were the most successful batsmen.
The basketball player Michael Jordan spoke.
For additional info Plaza Jewish Community Chapel, (212)769-4400
As a result, the Democrats lost both the House and the Senate in the 1994 election.
Mr. Dalton offers them as aperitifs and cocktails, as well.
1 and ultimately selling $90.6 million in tickets in North America, the movie “proved Dwayne can carry a movie,” Mr. Aviv said.
While General Motors intends the Equinox as a challenger to crossovers like the Honda CR-V and Ford Escape that are physically smaller, marketing managers say the Terrain is aimed at more upscale vehicles like the Nissan Murano and Ford Edge , which are closer to its size.
The narration is spoken in smooth, flowing tones by Raúl Castillo and Randy Danson on tape, and the affable Sarah Nina Hayon in person.
Her husband, the novelist and screenwriter John Gregory Dunne , was born there and grew up in West Hartford with five siblings (including the author Dominick Dunne), so the couple spent plenty of time there during almost 40 years of marriage.
A note pinned to the shirt and written in Urdu gave the victim’s name, Gul Khitab, and said he was from Matta, one of the remaining Taliban strongholds.
He is batting .343 over his past 27 games.
“I’m just the electrician,” Gary Leroux said.
In its heyday a decade ago under Harvey and Bob Weinstein, when the company was at the forefront of a thriving independent film scene, Miramax employed about 500.
The session, held adjacent to a cafe in Whole Foods, was so full that latecomers had to stand and lean against a wall.
To meet the expenses of my growing family, I recently started moonlighting at a private medical practice in Queens.
The Athens office and residence of a senior Greek Socialist lawmaker, Louka Katseli, was bombed on Wednesday, ahead of elections on Oct. 4.
(It's tough to tell which singer promises his lover he'll ''beat it like a boxer,'' but it's safe to say that lyric shouldn't be within 500 yards of Mr.
readership numbers — the estimate of how many people read, not just bought, a certain magazine.
As if it's a new track where they could not test.
Analysts agree that difficulties have been building.
The new spot is pretty — bright, light and cheerful, with one long wall painted a glorious shade of blue.
But Universal was disappointed after spending heavily on “Frost/Nixon,” a best picture nominee, and its Focus Features division did only modest business with “Milk,” which was nominated as well.
The ground rules were that the candidates could discuss the meetings publicly, but that the officers would not, and they would not make endorsements.
All four children’s lists appear each week on the Book Review’s Web site.
Mr. Kimmel so worshiped Mr. Letterman as a high school student that his license plate was “L8-Nite.” There is a reason why networks continue to put these programs on the air even though their overall audience keeps shrinking: dramatic series and sitcoms can cost 10 times as much to produce.
President Obama must not take us on this insane path yet again, and we must not allow the military expansion to continue.
Norman, who talked his wife, Chris Evert , into caddying Wednesday morning, launched a 9-iron from 140 yards into the hole.
For example, when he would call in a pizza order from the firehouse, sometimes the pizza would not be made because the person at the pizza shop presumed it was a joke.
In the fall of 2007, the Giants’ record was dismal and Mr. Greenfield was a desperate man.
It’s true that Obama has cited Chief Justice Earl Warren as a judicial ideal, emphasizing that Warren, a former governor of California, had a sensitive understanding of the real-world effects of Supreme Court decisions.
“It’s kind of a bummer when you look so beautiful and somebody else has the same exact one as you.” Dana Resker, a senior at Bridgewater-Raritan High Schoo, narrowly avoided a prom disaster.
I can see the desiccated mountains of Iraqi Kurdistan encircling us — hills that on my last visit, during the rainy season, were covered in poppies.
Also, up at the front I got to meet Vanessa Williams for her birthday and Richard Gere after a show.
Adoring mother of Lenore Server, Judy Saferstein, and Philip Osoff, son-in-law David Saferstein.
“There is a little bit of me” in every character in the musical, Ms. De La Luz said.
“If online media and entertainment companies don’t improve every day, they will just wind up as the newfangled version of Reader’s Digest — bankrupt.”
George J. Tenet, the former C.I.A.
Not only would you have to stop eating whenever you wanted to speak, but, because parts of your ears are now attached to your jaw, you’d have to stop eating whenever you wanted to hear anybody else, as well.
The group Human Rights Activists in Iran said that the 1,100 people arrested in Tehran were being held in Evin Prison, the Gooya Web site reported.
That approach governed the development of her vineyard, which she started in 1973.
By scouring the Web, the company has built a huge taxonomy, a set of nearly five million categories on topics from people and locations to car models, music groups and types of cheese.
He was embraced by Ayatollah Khomeini because he promoted the concept of Velayat-e Faqih, which called for a religious leader to reign supreme over the government.
She missed nothing, presiding over as many as 40 family members with her careful ear, a delectable peach cobbler and bamboo sticks when necessary.
“This will become a wave that cannot be stopped,” said Saeed Leylaz, an economist who was briefly a minister in the previous reform-oriented government.
“I did not do supervision with Bob Rubin,” he said.
That’s the best vitamin for him!” Giddon follows his Sox avidly despite eye trouble that leaves him squinting even at his huge projection television.
“The only way you get better at exporting is you have to get better at manufacturing.
“They think they’re getting diversification from putting their money in large- and small-cap stocks, value and growth strategies and international and emerging markets.
In the first report to emerge from an 18-month investigation, Mr. Cuomo — whose inquiries are continuing — found no evidence of rank-and-file misbehavior and no rogue political unit, as some critics had feared.
Phil Mickelson is coming off a win two weeks ago in the Tour Championship.
She said she had traveled to Copenhagen to be part of a delegation representing indigenous peoples at the talks, which are overseen by the United Nations.
Jeremy Cavaterra, a composer who lives in an apartment attached to Vance’s house and helps look after him (and who was recruited as a lifelong fan when he read “The Eyes of the Overworld” at age 14), said of this reticence, “Part of it is that he feels like it’s the magician telling you how the trick works, and part of it is that he writes by feel and doesn’t interrogate it.” Vance’s lingering distaste for talking about himself as a fantasist may also go back to his own adolescence, when he arrived in high school very young after skipping grades.
Q: It’s pretty well known that you’re an avid video game player.
He has called global warming “a scam.” Other obstacles include links between governments and the media.
The report was “basically saying what many of us have been saying for a long time,” said Lawrence Kobilinsky, chairman of the department of sciences at John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York.
Asked about American distance running and the drought in Boston, Hall smiled.
But analysts are increasingly worried about the office market.
Wearing a green sequined dress with gaudy gold trim, she was every inch an old-time trouper in the Sophie Tucker tradition, weather-beaten but still tramping the boards.
The sweet boy, the angry dissident and the weirdly glamorous star are all there; and so is the androgyne who gives off conflicting male/female signals in the course of a single number.
“For a while we were recruiting a player from California named Sweets Underwood .
After years of watching government lawyers undermine the rule of law, it has been especially gratifying to see President Obama’s lawyers urging senators to do even more to create a system that will fairly try prisoners and no longer shame Americans.
The derivatives in question include “ credit default swaps ,” transactions akin to insurance policies that lenders can buy to buffer against loans that go bad.
The company promised that any new trucks would come with the equipment.
Owning is also less likely to be regarded as a barometer of personal fortune.
The fee will be paid for oil drilled above current production levels.
Even so, officials have said that during a pandemic the United States would not be able to rely on vaccines manufactured largely in Europe because of possible border closures and supply shortages.
“That seems pretty extreme to me.” Other board members did not return calls or could not be reached.
Mr. Menino told Sail Boston organizers in April that the city would not support the event unless the group detailed how it would pay for security.
Payton Jordan, a standout collegiate sprinter who went on to coach the powerful United States track and field team at the 1968 Olympics in Mexico City, died Thursday at his home in Laguna Hills, Calif.
This is an evolutionary advantage that enabled our early ancestors to cooperate with each other, form immediate communes and collectively survive the natural harshness of their existence.
By 2006, alarmed at the deteriorating conditions there and lured by a relative working for the United Nations, Mr. Holbrooke traveled privately around the country, returning for another visit in 2008.
“The children are frightened,” one of the men said.
It guarantees seven five-day test matches each summer.
This year, more than any other, there was frequent discussion of the contestants’ post-“Idol” careers, both because of a newly added fourth judge, Kara DioGuardi, with significant recent music industry experience, and because, as many nonwinners have made plain, you don’t need to win to capitalize on “Idol” exposure.
If companies obeyed the law, I’d be the Maytag repairman.” Raised by his auto mechanic father, Mr. O’Quinn was known for connecting with blue-collar juries.
There is plenty of research on the notion popularized by Alfred Kinsey that women reach their sexual peak much later than men do, so older women and younger men may be especially sexually compatible.
We were pleased that Congress has now authorized even more money than Mr. Bush proposed: almost $50 billion to fight AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis around the world over the next five years.
It is divided into a shop for food products, a wine shop and an area for tourist information.
But whether anyone will know who signed the petitions putting the measure on the ballot is an open question.
The changes the company announced on Friday at 11:20 p.m. include a shortening of the new bonds’ maturities, as well as an acceleration of those notes’ repayment.
Despite a 7 Series lookalike grille treatment, the new 5 bears a lot of resemblance to the smaller 3 Series, especially in profile.
But what happens in the information age, when workers are no longer there in front of the manager, but working from home — maybe in their pajamas, or maybe with a cat on their lap and a peppy Lily Allen tune playing on the iPod ?
Goosen was in a tie for second with Martin Kaymer (66).
“But Monica smiled and smiled.” Since then, Nov. 17 has been a family holiday, homecoming day, celebrated at Friendly’s.
Both he and his wife, the artist Yin Xiuzhen, watched in dismay as the neighborhoods they had known as children were obliterated.
“She was brash and tough — the most challenging woman I’d ever met.” Mr. Diner said, and she made him laugh.
We should not be giving up on a person for an act committed at 13.
These assault weapons — which often come from Eastern Europe — are being trafficked from the United States across the border into Mexico.
As far as I can tell, however, both Liv (Ms. Hudson) and Emma (Ms. Hathaway) are deeply unreasonable because they are female stereotypes: unreasonableness is built into their character arcs.
On television, the games play on with balletic grace.
Until then, owners of Windows devices would do well to seek out software add-ons from reputable sources like Handmark , Handango or Best Buy .
His sentence was eventually reduced, and he served three years.
Other similar new entries are the Toyota Venza , Acura ZDX and BMW 5 Series Gran Turismo.
“As of 2007, the majority of people over 45 were meeting their lifelong loves online, and not through the traditional network of family, friends and business associates, and I believe this is now true for younger people.” Divye Sharma, a 24-year-old financial consultant in Manhattan, had arrived intending to buy a book but wandered over to the long line, and soon became a part of it.
Federal aid for refugee resettlement has not risen with the cost of living, state welfare programs are skimpier than before and low-income housing is ever scarcer.
“Even though it’s been 14 years, it’s like the beginning, like everything happened yesterday.” On the other side of the courtroom sat Mr. Brosnan, wearing a navy blue pinstriped suit, and Mr. Crowe, wearing a green suit.
IFC already holds rights to nine films that were entered in competition for the year’s best foreign film Oscar, and is shopping for more international titles among the dozens offered at Sundance.
But they were watching her.
Now he has, from the heart, built himself a home straight from their pages, financed by their pages.
Joseph C. Dragone, assistant superintendent for business in Roslyn, where a proposed budget has an increase of less than 2 percent and a tax levy increase of 3.1 percent, said that help came from a drop in the contribution rate announced by the Teachers Retirement System and a lower health insurance contribution rate, which could lower insurance premiums next year.
He shouted that there was a fire.
In matters of the heart, and where canoodling has taken place, always err on the side of generosity.
Fritz was the adored husband of Patricia and the late Shirley Robbins.
Ads for Smart in Canada have depicted the small cars , originally intended for congested European city centers, zipping around a transport truck on wintry highways.
RED BANK Count Basie Theater Louis C.K., stand-up.
“Maybe we could take the bus.” In the end, he left the Capitol in Springfield through a secret basement corridor full of grunting, clanking pipes, bare walls and puddles.
The other employee felt bad for me.
For coaches like Chris Conger at Lake Forest College in Illinois, the money came out of his pocket; he said his recruiting budget was less than $3,000.
Other diseases are seen as normal biological processes, but cancer is often framed in terms of war, with the unfortunate consequence that when someone “loses the battle,” his or her character is implicated.
Officials there shut down schools across the country and limited restaurant service in Mexico City in an effort to curb transmission of the virus, which is suspected in the deaths of 159 people.
Last month he appeared in his second weeklong engagement since surgery, at Birdland with the Italian trumpeter Enrico Rava.
June 14 at 7 p.m. $8 to $10.
This is a primer based on alcohol.
Celia Ballew Jones Richmond, Va., Aug. 2, 2009
“If we got paid per case, we would be ‘Slumdog Millionaire’ by now,” Judge Marsha N. Revel said on Thursday before wading into a raft of traffic cases that began with the arrest of the film financier Ryan Kavanaugh , left, on a drunken-driving charge in October.
“They are pyrrhic victories,” said John Feehery, a Republican strategist and former Capitol Hill aide.
Murray secured a comfortable 6-2, 6-3 victory over Arnaud Clément, but the top-seeded Djokovic had to fight hard to beat Jan Hernych, 6-3, 3-6, 6-4.
Dustin Olson also makes an impression with an icy, scary rendition of O’Brien, the man who seems to befriend Winston but ends by terrifying him into submission.
The industry worked very well at $40 a barrel four years ago.”
The same cannot be said for Schneider’s “Bonnie and Clyde.” It’s difficult to say where this book goes wrong, but one might start on the first page, with the author’s decision to write in the present tense, a sure sign that the history you are reading is being imagined, not written from research.
After the Cardinals beat the Bears, Arizona Coach Ken Whisenhunt humorously invoked memories of Dennis Green's 2006 ''The Bears are who we thought they were!''
The officials said that the spy agency did not dispatch the Blackwater executives with a “license to kill.” Instead, it ordered the contractors to begin collecting information on the whereabouts of Al Qaeda’s leaders, carry out surveillance and train for possible missions.
But part of aspiring is disassociating from the face of Precious.
Mr. Messina noted that in the 2004 presidential election, the Democratic nominee, Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts , did not win any of the 44 electoral votes in the New West against President George W. Bush .
WEISBERG--Arthur, bassoonist, composer, conductor, teacher, passed away January 17, 2009 in Boca Raton, FL.
Mr. Bahl was also one of the few who, in the earlier sessions, took the lead in rehearsing the orchestra in detail rather than simply waiting for Mr. Masur to interrupt and take matters into his own hands.
As Algernon Moncrieff and Cecily Cardew, the instantly smitten couple whose matrimonial hopes also hang on the question of a Christian name — both Gwendolen and Cecily insist on marrying a man named Ernest — Mike Shara and Andrea Runge make a comely pair, their matched blue eyes set twinkling in the giddy rapture of young love.
There are now 3,500 troops spread across five bases, newly trained Americans whose role is to “advise and assist” Iraqi security forces.
During testing in Sweden, Mr. Bradley said he reached 84 miles an hour in a top-speed run atop sticky snow.
And it is Minaya who might have badly miscalculated in February by retaining the talented, but unreliable, Oliver Perez with a three-year, $36 million deal only to watch Perez quickly turn into an injured nonentity.
Unable to sell season-ticket plans for about 100 of their best seats, the Mets have been auctioning them off one game at a time.
The play’s second half is largely set 16 years later in Bohemia, which has been envisioned as a sunny frontier land, in the style of the movie musical “Seven Brides for Seven Brothers.” I assume that the contrast between these worlds is meant to make witty contrasting use of the Bridge Project’s bi-national cast of British and American performers.
She needed to use the loo, so out she went.
But if Mr. Mattingly plans to prioritize child-protective caseloads, the proposed budget cuts would eliminate some preventive services and reduce others.
“And they should go to the Web site of their state banking departments to verify the lenders’ licenses,” he said.
To that, at least — thanks, but no thanks.
The job ahead for the bank’s chief risk officer will not be boring.
...”) If you are rolling your eyes at this, you have plenty of company.
Despite Buehrle's struggles, Guillen said the White Sox did not want Peavy, who is under contract through 2012, to risk another injury by returning too soon.
His father opened a septic-tank service, and Brown helped him repair bulldozers and dump trucks.
Mr. Picard claimed Ruth Madoff had no reason to believe payments she received were legitimate, and that she lived a life of splendor at the expense of her husband’s victims.
In Arizona when I first ran for public office, that’s when the rumors were going around, and of course I’m sure they go around now.
Sheer grit, fortified by Italian wine, got them through the restoration and decoration, which they finally completed in October 2007.
“I’ll be cooking more instead of eating out, and cutting down on entertainment,” she said while munching on a vegetable sandwich outside a Subway store in Atlantic Terminal.
“In America we take the position, supposedly, that you are innocent until proven guilty,” Mr. Davis said.
And, after all that, most patients either turn down the trials or, after further testing, turn out to be unqualified.
“Every time my husband hears about them on the news,” she said, “he looks at me out of the corner of his eye.” So, first-class seats for two on a flight to New York?
Her popular member page, myspace.com/tilatequila , on America’s most-visited social network is so overloaded with pictures and videos of her in scantily clad outfits that it may lock up your browser.
As an uninsured 25-year-old, recently laid off from one of two part-time jobs, I would like to know exactly how the A.M.A.
Years later, Mr. Levine’s caricature of Mrs. Roosevelt depicted her as a swan.
In the mid-19th-century Brooklyn was a flourishing independent city, the third-largest in the country, with ambitions to build the No.
After a sacrifice bunt moved the runners over, Cody Ross hit a two-run single to give the Marlins the lead that the Mets could not overturn.
Throughout the province, 140,000 houses have been built, along with 1,700 schools, almost 1,000 government buildings, 36 airports and seaports and 2,300 miles of road, according to the Agency for the Rehabilitation and Reconstruction of Aceh.
Mangini will have a tough job ahead of him.
But the momentum from those victories has given way to a tight race over the 54-year-old president’s bid to stay in office for years longer, or even decades, as he has hinted.
Its strict codes of conduct ensure good order and discipline.
You can leave the MiFi in your pocket, purse or laptop bag; whenever you fire up your laptop, netbook, Wi-Fi camera or game gadget, or wake up your iPhone or iPod Touch, you’re online.
They want smaller, less anonymous units.
Responding to the ample space above the bookshelves in the high-ceilinged old schools, the design firm Pentagram, which has been involved with the project since its beginning, helped find artists willing to donate time and resources to create outsize pieces that ring the rooms.
She wrote, “Who ever thought two daughters from traditional farm families would be able to tie the knot?” Unspoken: And that they’d get there before, say, two women in New York?
If this tactic doesn’t work, or you don’t have the time or energy to haggle, consider hiring a billing specialist — a professional trained to spot errors who speaks the language that medical providers understand and respond to.
“There’s only so much you can say about celebrity, obviously.” She said she admired both Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert, and that the television in her office is usually tuned to MSNBC.
He said he had refused an offer of money to withdraw.
“There is something visceral about a ballpoint pen on newsprint that is not duplicated by pointing and clicking,” said Ken Jennings, who is editing a book of crossword puzzles but who is best known as the sort of Roger Federer of the quiz show “Jeopardy.” Michael Sharp, a popular puzzle blogger known as Rex Parker, sums up his theory more plainly: “People don’t take laptops to the bathroom.”
All registrants become members of the Brooklyn Urban Anglers Association.
At the very least, the results should force a radical reappraisal of Paris’s identity.
It is knowing human nature so well that you can align the attributes of your product or service cleanly with the needs and wants of your customers.
Jameer, at 13 the youngest Knight but a focused and capable tenor drummer, said he was worried about his ability to play when he saw Mr. Obama.
MY friend Melissa was always my live economic barometer: When times were good and money was flowing, she was being groomed for future promotions and lavish paychecks as a vice president at JPMorgan.
As for the wrinkles and such, well, isn’t that what Photoshop is for?
But now the beau monde is all abuzz about Mr. Clooney's visit; he rented the 16th-century Montepergoli villa in the village of Bolgheri.
Miskolc, the second-largest city Hungarian city after Budapest, is finding it hard to cope with mushrooming unemployment and a lack of new jobs.
Secretary of State Matthew Dunlap said officials stopped counting once they determined that 60,391 of the submitted signatures were valid.
“I don’t know what happened, Mister Genius.
“The poor are subsidizing the rich.” Michael Ashkin, a board member who defends the need for improvements, argues that the costs have gone up only because they were artificially depressed for years because of the developer’s subsidies.
He has learned his lesson.
If the court proceedings hurt the team’s performance on the ice, in the stands and in the news media, investors may shy away from or make lower offers to buy clubs, other analysts said.
“We didn’t have the computer technology to efficiently do the counting.” But there is no question who is No.
They also never figured out what to do with that hypothetical patient who had his own ventilator, said Dr. Kenneth Prager, a pulmonologist and ethicist.
But the county says it needs more help to get out from under the huge debt that remains.
Many retailing analysts on Thursday blessed the marriage of the Liz Claiborne brand and J. C. Penney, which has emerged as one of the strongest department stores in the recession.
They’re elected officials, and they’re doing their jobs.” He added, “It’s a collective process, and we’re willing to listen to people’s ideas.” Asked if they were willing to adopt people’s ideas, Mr. Axelrod said: “We’ll see.
There’s also going to be positives in terms of having some light shed on things.
As in Tibet, blame for the violence has been aimed at outside agitators bent on splitting China — in this case, the World Uighur Congress , an exile group whose president, Rebiya Kadeer, is a Uighur businesswoman now living in Washington.
Hodgson argues that “what has been essentially a liberating set of beliefs has been corrupted over the past 30 years or so by hubris and self-interest into what is now a dangerous basis for national policy and for the international system.” It is impossible to dispute such “corruption.” Rabid exceptionalism was evident during the election campaign last year as Republicans, their party intellectually exhausted, tried to garner a last flicker of political energy through the sort of damn-the-world, God-chose-us rage that helped carry Bush to victory in 2004.
He had been convicted on charges including aggravated assault and resisting arrest.
Judge Huvelle indicated in a hearing on July 16 that she was considering ordering that Mr. Jawad be returned to Afghanistan.
After all, such a steely, hard-headed look at Chrysler didn’t mesh with the patriotic tone of Cerberus’s other statements about the company.
Average revenue per user increased to $69.27 from $65.83.
Instead, he pointed to the advertising climate: “The economy and the future of print media being more difficult was definitely weighing on us.” The Blade’s recent gay pride issue had been a relatively slim 28 pages.
“The fear is that it will smother any criticism of the government in the future,” he said.
It is sold mostly by Senegalese immigrants.
“Our family demands that they release him immediately and call to account those who have illegally detained him,” Ms. Zhou said.
One franchise’s implosion could help delay another’s.
The Chamber of Commerce referred them to a French-speaking man named Benoit Lamontagne, who also happened to be the owner of the local Radio Shack, a town official and the champion for economic development in an area that needs it.
The Chicago Tribune said Kerr, who was known as Red, died after a battle with prostate cancer.
Yao Ming had 15 points and 12 rebounds.
Several legal experts said Judge Sotomayor’s testimony might make it harder for Mr. Obama to name a more liberal justice next time.
“We should make this very clear,” Mr. Paterson said, adding, “Our situation is so dire that even the greatest assistance from the federal government, the one we are proposing here today, will still not alleviate us from the responsibility of some rather severe action.” What the governors have proposed — sizable government spending at a time when the federal deficit is growing ever bigger — is, in principle, something that some economists have criticized as financially irresponsible.
“He really is the biggest baseball fan I could ever imagine,” said Dewart, who added that Ryness watched videotapes of games from the 1980s.
But Alicea and Manuel like that he errs on the side of aggressiveness, and that with further repetition, Murphy could start again next season.
The “young” style is more indirect and conciliatory.
New York State law prohibits the illegal commercialization of wildlife and possession of protected species, and a 2006 law specifically protects all reptiles and amphibians.
“We will not bargain for safety.
E-commerce, once considered by brand executives to be an inferior offshoot of the bricks-and-mortar boutique, is one of the rare areas showing spurts of growth.
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad’s administration has proved unable to address Iran’s mountains of social, economic and political problems and is confronted by internal and external opposition.
They were also not allowed to listen to music.
Any conversation with Tim Berners-Lee, the creator of the Web's bedrock software standards, tends to be fast-paced and nonlinear.
Jeter wanted more insight about how Ripken had worked day after day after day.
But it shows how both the lawyers and the nonlawyers tried to do the right thing.” As leaks about the program led to public accusations of torture, court rulings and Congressional action, the paperwork flowing between nervous C.I.A.
Moreover, his e-mail note continued, Bridgetower was crucial to the establishment of the Royal Academy of Music.
Look at all the press tables; they are fronted by royal blue or black skirts.
“I don’t want to see no panty lines.” In groups of 50, the students — all but a few of them girls — were ushered into the warm-up room.
Since then, the group has received more than $1.4 million in City Council funds including more than $400,000 sponsored directly by Mr. Martinez, a Democrat who represents a large swath of Upper Manhattan, according to Council records.
Despite their frequent references to the authorities, and with posters for British rock groups like the Arctic Monkeys hanging on their wall, these musicians could be strumming and drumming in Anywhere, U.S.A., which is just one reason that this modest and finally very touching movie deserves to break out of the festival circuit.
The First 100 Days: Then and Now Detentions along the Southwest border U.S. Customs and Border Protection 1Q.
I was looking for something beyond shortcake.
It is not uncommon for busy pilots to have misheard or forgotten the proper frequency or incorrectly tuned the radio.
That should go over well in a country reeling from millions of layoffs.
Toss them in warm olive oil with peas and pea shoots to accompany a rack of spring lamb.
In Chappaqua, Dr. Fleishman and three administrators have refused pay increases for next year.
The company’s profit fell sharply in the quarter from a year earlier, down 36 percent, to $2.74 billion.
“How about a no-fly zone for pigeons?” said Miguel Pimentel, 34, a Verizon technician from the Pocono region of Pennsylvania , as he sat a table in Washington Square watching some gray-toned birds waddle close.
Late Wednesday it went into contract — reportedly for more than the asking price.
Dr. Sandra Gold, President Charles P. Berkowitz, Executive Vice President
There were the heady days of the 1980s and ’90s, when players like Stacey King, Mario Elie and Albert King played in front of crowds of 5,000 people.
That was followed by the revelation by a fifth member of Congress that Vincent, who was excluded from a list of potential finalists earlier in the process, had spoken to at least some of the four members of Congress before the letter was sent.
Virgin sales are the profit center for many brothels in Asia (partly because they stitch girls up and resell them as virgins several times over), and thus these sales are their economic vulnerability as well.
For Richter Park golfers, Morefar demands attention — a golfer’s dream beckoning and taunting like the green light at the end of Daisy’s dock in “The Great Gatsby.” So who owns it?
The whole system is rendered suspect by an obvious conflict of interest: If Ingenix pegs the customary rates low, it keeps insurance reimbursements low and shifts more of the cost to the patient.
The retail portion, called Bushwick Market at the Loom, which cost roughly $1 million to build, has 21 spaces for stores, ranging from 600 to 1,300 square feet.
And what’s not to love about a troupe that counts artists like the incomparable Linda Celeste Sims and Clifton Brown among its dancers?
“Yes, we’re aware the Islanders lose money, a significant amount of money.
Working from Yury Arabov’s brilliantly distilled and elliptical screenplay, Mr. Sokurov moves in and around the two men, his camera shuttling between the twinned foreign landscapes of MacArthur’s gently amused face and Hirohito’s implacable mask.
Mr. Qayyum did not have a direct answer to that question either, but he did say he had acted on the authority of Mr. Musharraf to have the cases against Mr. Zardari withdrawn.
He is the son of Joung Ja Choi and Sang Young Choi of Edison.
Marty was a member of the King Solomon Lodge for 67 years.
But garments designed for American customers frequently cannot be marketed in China, and demand in China is still weak for luxuries like cashmere sweaters.
“I don’t think that it makes any sense at this stage to talk a lot about it,” Mr. Barak said at a joint news conference with Mr. Gates at the King David Hotel in Jerusalem, referring to the American offer to talk to Iran about giving up its nuclear program.
Hours: Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursday and Fridays, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Wednesdays, 11 a.m. to 7 p.m.; Saturdays, noon to 4 p.m. Manhattanville College Creative Arts Center, 2900 Purchase Street.
Eight people were arrested Saturday after protesters broke windows, lights and planters outside the home of the chancellor of the University of California, Berkeley .
It’s their country, and we’re only a minority.” Like others interviewed for this article, she declined to give her name for fear of government reprisal.
Proponents say it will create jobs, build crucial infrastructure and begin to fulfill one of President Obama ’s major campaign promises: to expand the information superhighway to every corner of the land, giving local businesses an electronic edge and offering residents a dazzling array of services like online health care and virtual college courses.
Landlords, in that case, would be allowed to raise the rents by the amounts allowed by the Rent Guidelines Board during the intervening years.
Massachusetts and Connecticut already have gay marriage, and a campaign is under way to extend it across New England by 2012.
What happens in that kind of situation — where you have a lot of leadership changes, changes in strategy and perhaps not the best leadership style — is that everybody freezes.
In an earlier interview, Sharlene Leurig, who manages the insurance program at Ceres, said storms in recent years had caused such immense economic losses along the coasts that many insurance companies had limited or even halted underwriting there.
This is a purely European compositional device.
As the hard-driving president of New York Horse Rescue, a nonprofit organization that had its origins in the rehabilitation of racetrack castoffs but now copes with all breeds in all manner of predicaments, she is more interested in rescuing horses than whispering to them.
Those, too, could come at any time.
But the atmosphere was markedly different in two halls reserved for non-Chinese exporters, amid a mishmash of emblematic exports from 35 countries: designer housewares from Italy, rugs from India, bird’s nest soup from Malaysia and lawyers from the United States.
It got better with some of the accompanying condiment, bagoong, tiny red shrimp preserved in brine.
“Donnie Whitehead is not to be trusted,” he said.
Just weeks after mopping up one financial disaster, the Belgian government found itself in the thick of it again Thursday, saying it would prop up KBC Group with a huge loan guarantee.
“If they had not come, the Taliban would have established positions here in this village by now,” he said.
The movie played well at Sundance in 2008, but offers were low.
What does Warren E. Buffett see in railroads?
The charges were dropped after Harrison accepted responsibility for the incident and took anger-management courses.
At the same time he was also writing and reading poetry, verse from Walt Whitman, Wallace Stevens and Robert Frost, all of whom he admires, to Ezra Pound, “who I hated, because, what is he saying, you know?” But when asked about influences on the slam style, he mentions the singer-songwriter Tom Waits first.
Past merger proposals foundered as principals clashed over ego, control and internal economics.
“It’s the most fun part of my day for me to be out there one-on-one with the players.” He added: “That’s the point of coaching.
In his catalog essay, however, João Ribas, the Drawing Center’s curator and the organizer of the exhibition, asserts that art and mental illness are inseparable in Zürn’s case.
Men’s salaries are from $45,000 to more than $2.5 million.
Mathews Hollinshead St. Paul, Feb. 2, 2009  To the Editor: I spent the last six years watching my tax dollars poured down the drain in Iraq, and now a new administration plans to pour money into Wall Street, once again with no hope of recompense for the taxpayer.
June 30 through July 12.
“Physically, we knew it would be a Pittsburgh matchup.” Favre said that the Steelers’ defense blitzed him on nearly every snap, a hallmark of a game plan by the defensive coordinator, Dick LeBeau.
The Plan The International Cycling Union has turned to a cutting-edge plan called the biological passport program.
“But the details of how an individual gets there, what routes they take, how fast they fly, how often they stop to rest — these are the kinds of details we have never been able to have.” The research, reported Friday in the journal Science, involved 34 birds, but only 7 were recovered with their sensors.
''Though there are signs that credit conditions may have started to ease,'' the bank said, ''lending to business has fallen and spreads on bank loans remain elevated.
“I think football is football, anywhere,” he said.
Jennifer Nettles, Sugarland's frontwoman, is a lavish singer but never gaudy, a model of emotionally charged precision.
The S.& P. 500 index is up 1.7 percent so far this month, after a 5.7 percent gain in November and a 64.7 percent jump since early March.
“She’d be great on the collection floor,” he announced, referring to the mannequin.
If the company fails, the state is there to provide.
Outside, however, the couple seem to fall into step, and at one point Mr. Monserrate throws an arm over Ms. Giraldo’s shoulder, pulling her closer.
“The surface is fine and powdery,” he radios.
When we finally immobilized him, I was the only one with hands free enough to strip him.
He brings back the old buddies who were part of an embarrassing past and allows them to nerve-rackingly jeopardize Kyle’s future.
Oct. 9 through Jan. 17 at Japan Society, Manhattan, (212) 832.1155, japansociety.org.
“When I am coming into a bar, I’m coming to spend money and flex, not to kidnap anyone.” Plus, he was waiting to see how the amnesty played out.
What is certain is that Mr. Taylor, 53, has a criminal record that includes convictions in Manatee County, Fla., in 1994 on two counts of lewd and lascivious behavior with a child under 16 and a count of attempted second-degree murder.
The works date from 1996 to the present and reflect a mastery of the post-Conceptual, biennial-friendly idiom of the Orozco circle.
Their sober forecasts reflected concerns that economic recovery in Asia remained some way off, despite tentative signs of turnaround in the United States and China.
The protest came days after the authorities dropped murder charges against two white friends of the victim, saying they lacked evidence.
“They eat the shoots in the spring and the buds in the summer,” Ms. Sellge said.
In one case, workers at a Caterpillar factory in the city of Grenoble held company officials for 24 hours, releasing them only after President Nicolas Sarkozy promised he would “save the site.” “Today, the French don’t take these threats too seriously,” said Guy Groux, a specialist on French unions at the Institut d’Études Politiques in Paris.
He was cavalier about chronic deficits.
He had hoped to build on that momentum.
“Tool development costs a lot of money,” said Mr. Schultz, of Ducker Worldwide.
A trip to the South Street Seaport Museum got me wondering: When did steamships start crossing the Atlantic?
So how much of the proposed health care reforms could plausibly fit into a reconciliation bill?
About 50 of them were hired in 1985.
And Marion Nestle, a nutrition professor at New York University, has become a ubiquitous and widely quoted critic of commercial food manufacturers.
To the Editor: Re “Should Congress Limit Executive Pay?” (Economic View, Jan. 4), in which Robert H. Frank said C.E.O.
According to the declaration, “ocean acidification may render most regions chemically inhospitable to coral reefs by 2050.” The group said that acidification could be controlled only by limiting future atmospheric levels of the gas.
Taking an active role in shaping the Democratic ticket would also help Mr. Cuomo discourage or defeat other ambitious Democrats with whom he has strained relations.
Could shame, that long-lost American character trait, be making a comeback?
Backstage at the theater has always been a show within the show, an R- (or even X-rated) drama clearly unintended for the paying crowd in the house.
In house after house, I found people worshiping privately as Christians or Buddhists.
Without an estate tax, this provision disappears, and the appreciated value is subject to capital gains tax.
She works in its Hurricane Katrina Recovery office in Biloxi, Miss., where she provides legal assistance to low-income communities across the Mississippi Gulf Coast.
But then he swings his bat, shifting it from a straight, still position and powering it through the strike zone, and he looks revived.
But even before the recession, far too many Americans were already living far too close to the edge.
Kartell will offer discounts of 15 percent on new orders, 40 percent on many floor samples and up to 70 percent on other pieces (Panier storage baskets, above, $314 each, will be $99), from June 13 to 30; kartell.com .
Mr. Barry, the retired reporter, is a well-known figure in the peace movement, a founder of Vietnam Veterans Against the War in the 1960s and a regular at the Teaneck vigils.
Southwest said it would continue testing prices for the service through the end of the year.
“Things got a bit crazy,” he said.
Similarly, it was a relationship-building approach that we used to persuade a detainee to give us information on the whereabouts of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the former leader of Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia — information that led to his being located and killed in 2006.
There’s a nice, small moment in Reynolds Price ’s new memoir, “Ardent Spirits,” in which he describes a meal he shared in 1957 with the English writers Stephen Spender and Cyril Connolly and the American academic Lionel Trilling.
At least three other Afghans were wounded.
The two men agreed to meet and, according to prosecutors, somewhere in that conversation a plan was hatched that courthouse workers and county officials would later describe as a “freight train without brakes.” First, Judge Ciavarella put Mr. Powell in touch with a developer who also happened to be an old friend, Robert K. Mericle, to start work on finding a site.
“The bottom line with Canada geese is that they truly are the most hazardous species of bird that poses a threat to aviation,” Dr. Dolbeer said.
A.I.G., meanwhile, is struggling to regain its footing.
To participate in the program, borrowers must shift their loans into the federal Direct Loan program , in which the government extends credit directly.
The soldiers proceeded on their mission, handing out vitamin C to children.
Weaving the Nano between lumbering trucks, auto rickshaws and pedestrians (not to mention the occasional goat and stray dog), the Nano didn't miss a beat.
Eating at Frankie & Johnnie’s has never been a particularly decorous proposition.
They eschew regional accents, and while most of the performances are fine, and some are quite good, they are not blazingly brilliant.
“As always, this problem was created by man, as were the bear and deer issue,” said Janet Piszar, director of the Bear Education and Resource Group in Hewitt.
One thing leads to another.” Whether showcasing neglected composers, a superstar of yesteryear (Maria Malibran) or a forgotten chapter of music history (the prohibition of opera in Rome at the turn of the 18th century), Ms. Bartoli has never failed to produce a program of striking originality.
Might there be another pleasant surprise in our future?
Carol Coven Grannick Wilmette, Ill., Jan. 25, 2009  To the Editor: Re “Where Obama’s Speech Got Harsh Reviews” (White House Memo, Jan. 23): An Inaugural Address at a time of national crisis does not call for graciousness but inspiration.
The system appears to be running amok, operating without safeguards, limits or morality, set in motion by the Patriot Act and continuing to function on a parallel universe to the current administration.
In this economy, it may be worthwhile to apply anyway.
The Tiffany building survives as an iron framework under a glistening new apartment house.
“If the train stops for a minute, you don’t really ask why,” said Aryanne Demone, 30, a freelance designer, who had come downtown to meet a friend for lunch.
Twiddla won praise and even a prize at the conference’s Interactive Web Awards.
Afghanistan is a deeply religious society, but the dominant interpretations of Islam, as in most Islamic countries, is one that fosters submission to force.
“There’s too many people out there looking for jobs,” she said.
According to the latest Hurun Report, the Chinese equivalent of the Forbes Rich List, released in October, the average fortune of the 1,000 wealthiest people in China grew by 30 percent, to $571 million, in the past year, climbing back above the peak of 2007.
On “S.N.L.,” she shied away from exposing too much about herself, especially in the opening monologue, which is, traditionally, personal.
The war wasn’t won with fancy gear alone, though.
 To recap some recent outrages: Former Gov.
The Paley Center has nearly 150,000 television and radio programs and advertisements that can be watched in its viewing room.
The resulting contest has been less a clash of personalities or radically competing visions and more a mad dash in search of votes.
Such post-partisanship was supposed to be a hallmark of Mr. Schwarzenegger’s second term, which he began in 2007 with a call for “the party of California” to come together to fix the state.
“I could not do that to the fans.” For all the frustrations, many here have an undiminished passion for the game.
She is survived by her two sons, Jeremy of Nantucket, MA and David of Somers, NY.
By comparison, people in the defense industry have contributed just 1 percent of the money raised by the rival primary campaign of Terry McAuliffe, a legendary Democratic fund-raiser with strong business credentials.
“That is a necessary thing.
I miss you when you are not here.” Later that night, I wept for my mother, for all the moments in her life that I imagined had been devoid of tenderness and touch.
THE BILL Entrees, $16 to $28; tapas, $6 to $10.
Yet, despite his robust appearance, his legs are not what they were.
It’s too early to plot the full range of strategizing that will become the new paths to a college degree.
“My vision is that we’re going to populate the ocean with different types of robots, each with a different specialty,” said Mr. Bellingham of the Monterey lab.
Ford has not received government loans, so it is significant that the U.A.W.
I said to Nadya, ‘I’m sometimes astonished that you just don’t say no.’ And she’s like, ‘Yeah, you know, it would have been nice to have a picture like that.’ ” EVERY DAY, SULEMAN TRIES to spend time alone with a few of the older kids so they don’t feel overshadowed by the octuplets.
It lost a main constituency stronghold to the opposition Botswana National Front here in the capital.
Hootie worked like a charm.
They talked to Sergeant Anzelino and Officer Musante, several people familiar with the matter said.
The August war, which Russia easily won, broke out over two separatist regions of Georgia that have close ties to Russia.
In the decades since, he has written about the League of Nations, Wilson’s rivalry with Teddy Roosevelt and nearly every other milestone of Wilson’s career.
“From sitting in a little bench outside the CVS in the middle of town, I heard people beep horns at each other, and saw people walking their dogs, and it looked like a place you could fold yourself into,” she said.
By contrast, the Olympics represented the height of international softball competition for the 1996, 2000, 2004 and 2008 Summer Games before the sport was eliminated, many believe, because of American dominance.
Other parts of Europe, including Italy and Germany, have also signaled a renewed interest in nuclear as concerns grow over energy security and climate change , and as worries about safety risks diminish.
“The new Parliament has no right to redraft the constitution,” he said.
Investigators have said he was taking prescription medicine, and Mr. Jackson had admitted to addiction to painkillers and other drugs in the past, but it was unclear whether drugs played a role in his death.
“The people you’re killing with a Predator,” he said, “are not detained and helpless.” Ever since word leaked that the C.I.A.
The fact that fails soon plunged is evidence that that exemption was being abused.
One of David Cromer ’s gigs had to go: on Friday, publicists for the Barrow Street Theater production of “Our Town” said that Mr. Cromer would depart the role of the Stage Manager and would be succeeded by Jason Butler Harner in the play, which Mr. Cromer also directed.
It is imperative that the final legislation explicitly prohibit the new agency from pre-empting stronger state consumer-protection laws.
... J. J. Putz played catch Friday in Port St. Lucie for the first time since having surgery June 9 to remove a bone spur from his right elbow.
It also said that at Bilin itself, some $60,000 worth of damage had been done to the barrier in the past year and a half.
“They’re upset.” He added that the theater probably knew it was going out of business, “yet they were continuing to sell these gift certificates several days before Christmas.”
But Mr. Silver also said Mr. Silverstein must invest some of his own money if he is to reap the profits from the buildings.
“Someone said to me that the play’s ending captures our desire to undo the last eight years,” Mr. Eustis said.
The people had done it themselves.” Linda Lear Bethesda, Md., April 1, 2009 The writer is the author of a biography of Rachel Carson.
In New York (Most Dysfunctional State in the Union!
The Magnet clinic began its RNA testing program last year to serve gay men who engage in unprotected sex and are in social and sexual networks at the highest risk of acquiring H.I.V.
The auction is scheduled to begin at 2 p.m. Peter Costanzo, a specialist and auctioneer at Bloomsbury who assembled a catalog of Mr. Britton’s collection, said that first night had opened Mr. Britton’s mind to the self-portrait as an “amazing object of self-expression.” Later Mr. Britton went to work at the Sheridan Square Bookstore and at the Strand, on Broadway at East 12th Street.
To what degree is perfection another version of distortion?
The English journal Dance Research published articles on Volynsky (in 1996 and 1998) by Stanley Rabin­owitz, the translator and editor of the book reviewed by Bentley.
7.2 technology is not as advanced as AT&T’s L.T.E.
And that process is the subject of this invigorating, absorbing and — Miró would be mortified — beautiful show.
He served with the 5th Tank Division during the WWII.
We wish Mr. Piven success in his career.”
Chris Pallotta, the current proprietor of Country Club Bakery in Fairmont, founded in 1927 by Giuseppe Argiro as People’s Bakery and touted by many as the origin point of the pepperoni roll, doesn’t seem to mind that his artisanal-quality baked goods are considered by many customers to be mere foils for all manner of condiments.
Mechanic said he considered stop motion “kind of passé” and cast around for ways to make it “showier.” Since cell animation was moribund and computer-generated imagery was all the rage (everything from the Pixar movies to “Madagascar” ), he suggested that half the movie be shot in stop motion and the other half in C.G.I.
No reservations, and the place is seating-only.
Rules put in effect this year allow only one change of date.
But that’s the Winter Games for you.” It was the Cronkite that viewers revered: friendly, unpretentious, authoritative and well-prepared.
An array of public-works projects is under way.
The deal is subject to regulatory approval and is expected to be completed early next year.
New Amsterdam Theater, 214 West 42nd Street , (212) 307-4747, ticketmaster.com.
Embraer, meanwhile, is going a different route, turning back to its origins as a military aircraft manufacturer.
“By sticking to our own strategy, we’re not a pawn in anyone’s game,” Fortescue’s chief executive, Andrew Forrest, told reporters Monday in a conference call after the announcement.
The second round begins March 15 and also features the winner and the runner-up from Pool B, which includes Australia, Cuba, Mexico and South Africa.
The new route does not address the problem of the potential closing of the Manas Air Base, in Kyrgyzstan, mainly because that base is a transit point primarily for people, not goods.
Microsoft has also shown a willingness to tap its vast cash reserves and pay people who are willing to use its search service in favor of Google’s.
In large part because of Mr. Jobs’s efforts, those barriers have fallen, though other challenges remain like getting the Hollywood studios to relax their restrictions on renting or downloading movies over the Internet.
An arbitration hearing resulted in a split decision, and Mr. Piven avoided any penalties.)
On his second day in office, President Obama repudiated George W. Bush’s obsessive and destructive secrecy by ordering his government to obey the Freedom of Information Act.
The carmaker would start this month with a $1.2 billion payment, he said.
Six months in, Mr. Beavan could be seen riding his secondhand, custom-built tricycle, cunningly fashioned with a back seat and “trunk,” onto the set of “Good Morning America.” (He and Ms. Conlin took their fossil fuel diet seriously, rejecting not only public transportation but also the services of their own liveried elevator men; in the seventh month of the experiment, they turned off their electricity.)
A stay-away order was also imposed by the judge, requiring that Mr. Brown and Rihanna stay at least 50 yards from each other, except at industry events when the distance is reduced to 10 yards.
Painting was pushed to the side.
The federal car-buying incentive program known as cash for clunkers helped slow the exodus of work in Michigan, which is the heart of American automobile manufacturing, the state’s employment department said.
He did not, however, think it would help him enough in the present economy to find a new job.
While Icann says the creation of new addresses will help accommodate the international diversification of the Internet, some companies worry that the process will make it harder to protect their brand names.
“As we have stated from the beginning, Indiana retirees and Indiana taxpayers have suffered losses because of unprecedented and illegal acts of the federal government.” Lawyers for Chrysler and the government argued that the sale to Fiat needed to be completed as quickly as possible to preserve its viability and to save thousands of jobs.
“When people get in fights, they say whatever comes to mind, but I don’t think that makes it a hate crime,” said Daniel Adacavage, who is white and the manager of the Chuplis Apartments, not far from where the beating took place.
“Food, Inc.” is part of a new generation of food films that drip with politics, not sauces.
“The male critics saw her as titillating, writing this trashy stuff,” said Professor George, who has written studies of Ms. Das’s work.
Tebow has earned a grade point average of 3.66 while playing football, including up to 20 hours a week studying film.
Known as the New Yankee Stadium Community Benefits Fund , the charity was created as part of an agreement signed by the team and city officials, including Adolfo Carrión Jr., then the borough president.
“I know people with homes who don’t have a bill like this,” said Ms. Feliciano, a paralegal.
''For this reason, it's important to wear lenses in all low-light situations, which helps athletes tell texture, brings out background objects more quickly and shields their eyes from wind, objects in the air and glare due to traffic or snow.''
Germany’s jobs miracle hasn’t received much attention in this country — but it’s real, it’s striking, and it raises serious questions about whether the U.S. government is doing the right things to fight unemployment.
Ms. Kroes said the case raised legitimate concerns in Europe about competition, obliging her to extend the review until next year.
Outsiders will be closely watching the interactions between Mr. Rice and Kevin Reilly, the president of entertainment for Fox Broadcasting, who is now Mr. Rice’s underling.
That’s because you are up against the inherent limits of online job postings.
The slum where cooking and child-rearing and defecation are semi-public activities, and where it would be hard to develop the mental independence to question an arranged marriage or abuse by the better-born.
The template was made in the United States, a counternarcotics strategy originally designed for Colombia .
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg of New York will also receive a Lasker prize for public service.
USDJ, SDNY 1968-1994, sitting in Boston 1994-2009.
“Everything was just piling up,” he said.
By 2007, he writes, “the U.S. command in Baghdad was burning through $3 billion per week.
He said that his son was being bullied at school by several white students and that he repeatedly reported the problem to school officials, who said there was little they could do.
When the FINA world championships get under way Sunday at Foro Italico’s outdoor facility, there will be medal contenders who obsess over who is wearing what high-tech suit, brood about the pizza-oven-like heat that is burning this city’s fairer tourists to a crisp, or become overwhelmed by the television cameras in their faces and the thousands of fans in the stands.
WITTENBERG--Stanley Jackson, died peacefully at home on February 17 at the age of 91.
Ed is so much behind the scenes.
Yet his axing by England last year was abrupt and possibly premature.
The 1,132 students in the program, called Accelerated Study in Associate Programs and known as ASAP, get free tuition, MetroCards and books; twice-monthly sessions with a counselor; and first choice on classes.
But the nymph never returns, and the misery of the distraught man, who lives out his life alone, came through here in the vivid and intense performance of this volatile and finally bittersweet work.
“I feel a bit ashamed for the people who lost service because my blog was blocked,” said Giorgi.
But she sometimes regretted that candor.
(AP) GRUDEN STAYING AT ESPN The former coach Jon Gruden, now an analyst with ''Monday Night Football,'' agreed to a multiyear contract to stay at ESPN.
She feels guilty about making people who cough think she is afraid of them.
Visitation at Frank E. Campbell, Sunday August 2, 3-5pm and 7-9pm; Funeral Mass at St. Ignatius Loyola Church, Monday, August 3 at 10:30am; Interment private.
 “Green Team” refers to an internal group at eBay that works on making the company environmentally efficient.
“This market is working, it’s thriving, it’s good and it should be embraced,” Mr. Harmon said.
Residents claim a fair share of its best real estate, and some of its loveliest nooks are most accessible by boat.
And as animal studies have suggested, even my cat may be included in this category, for he is still mourning the death of his female companion and is certainly the most trusting creature I have encountered.
Each episode will have a theme, Mr. Seinfeld said, like husbands who watch too much sports or, as he put it, “shirt shows — she says he always wears the same shirt.” After capturing a series of couples having the same argument (on unmanned cameras the producers will place in houses in as many households as they can get to cooperate, Ms. Rakieten said), the show will bring them to the set where a panel of commentators will offer their own opinions on the spat — humorously of course.
Although video games are associated more with guns than with guitars, music games are now the second-most-popular type on the market, ahead of sports and not far behind the traditional action category.
The city owns the property.
Would this week resemble Sunday, when JetBlue’s entertainment system was shut down on international flights, or Monday, when the movies began flowing on that airline once more?
In an e-mail message Mr. Saviano said he was sorry the film was not nominated.
In typical Spurs fashion, they have quietly gone 22-6 since their start and are a game ahead of New Orleans in the Southwest Division.
The body of the set involved songs of older provenance.
Her heart was on her right side, with all its ventricles and chambers inverted.
Biedermann and the second-place finisher, Danila Izotov of Russia, each swam faster than Phelps had in the first heat, which he won in 1:45.23.
Alex Bag's videos take aim at television in all its forms: the infomercial, the reality show, the nature documentary, even the children's programs hosted in the 1960s and '70s by Ms.
"What's proposed is a cheap political shot."
A record-breaking win against the youngsters may be one day away.
But even Democratic leaders are afraid to cross the gun lobby, and every year thousands of Americans will continue to die until our elected officials stop neglecting this problem.
Between then and now, there will be plenty of haggling — not just with China, but also with India and the Gulf states.
He said the idea for free parking grew out of frustration with the federal and state governments.
Devoted father of Bobby, Fran, Ilyse, Felicia, Allison, Gina and Joseph.
Moreover, according to Steven D. Passik, a clinical psychologist at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in Manhattan, the advent of so-called abuse-deterrent opioids also doesn’t solve another, larger problem: uneven state and physician monitoring of the legal circulation of opioids.
Arts support continues to be an almost impossible sell in Washington.
The reason is they can tell you a story in one shot.” One thing in their favor is their drive, Mr. Sinnott said: Even if they weren’t paid, cartoonists probably would be “drawing on walls or putting up graffiti somewhere.” That is why those who pursue the art tend to work as long as they can, he said.
She then took her goddaughter, 5, outside and put her in a relative’s car, then tried to summon a taxi, Ms. Maziou said.
Leave the wedding announcements to the very local newspapers, where someone in the story is someone in the town’s next-door neighbor.
Older exchanges, under threat, have been trying of late to reduce costs, upgrade their technology and improve relations with their clients.
At the New York boat show about 20 years ago, he took pity on four-foot-long wooden replicas of the Cutty Sark and the Bounty.
“The integrity of immigration proceedings depends in part on the ability to assert claims of ineffective assistance of counsel,” Mr. Holder said in a statement accompanying the order, “and the Department of Justice’s rule making in this area will be fair, it will be transparent, and it will be guided by our commitment to the rule of law.” Immigration courts and judges are part of the Justice Department, and the decisions of those judges can be appealed, under some circumstances, to the federal courts.
Still, growth is expected to pick up in the Czech Republic, Slovakia and Poland as well as Ukraine.
1961 I launched the twist in France and even taught it to the Duke of Windsor at Chez Régine.
Pyongyang undoubtedly will continue to seek to achieve de facto acceptance as a nuclear weapons state by endlessly protracted diplomacy.
Over the weekend, Jane’s Defense Weekly reported that satellite imagery showed North Korea could be ready for the launching of the Taepodong-2 missile or a rocket within a matter of days.
Coach Ben Howland, who won his 145th game in his sixth season, tying him for fourth on the program’s career victory list.
Hammering a competitor by providing deep discounts to consumers would count as monopolistic only if the rival firm was wiped out entirely.
At the same time, I understand the entrepreneurial mentality.
“A lot of these rioters were just trying to loot houses and shops.” Residents said the trouble started Thursday, when loyalists of a traditional kingdom within the country’s borders accused the police of harassing one of the king’s officials.
Circling the Bases Marlins third baseman Emilio Bonifacio got off to a hot start with 17 hits in his team's first eight games.
Later that night, Granger exited the 3-point shooting contest after the first round .
The New York Times has significant assets for a hybrid subscription approach.
Water rates have become an increasingly contentious issue in recent years.
Make sure the door seals are tight; test them to see if they hold onto a dollar bill when you tug it.
In addition to Mr. Kirk, Mr. Patrick was said to have considered Michael S. Dukakis , a former governor and 1988 presidential nominee, and Evelyn Murphy, a former lieutenant governor under Mr. Dukakis.
First Class James Cole of Fort Riley, Kan., and a classmate acted out Sergeant Cole’s thinking in response to an order late in the day to have his exhausted men do one last difficult assignment.
Von Furstenberg’s shows are often murky catchalls for her familiar looks: the jungle and animal prints, the jersey wrap dresses, the floaty layers.
Only the principal winners were allowed to make speeches — the rest bowed or curtsied and said thank you — and the set consisted of potted bougainvillea, a few Greek columns and a human-scale Oscar, perched on an ersatz wedding cake.
It received a fictionalized treatment on “Law & Order” and provided fodder for weeks of late-night television monologues.
It is important to protect them early, he said, to prevent the swine flu from disrupting their training and competition schedules.
As a result, they have developed distinctive and often dysfunctional social norms.
Expanding eligibility apparently increases public awareness of the program and reduces its stigma.
PHOENICIA Arts Upstairs Gallery ''Botanical,'' works by Deborah Joyce.
There are no design differences from the existing models, although in addition to the Aspen White paint, the Special Edition will have charcoal-colored 18-by-18.5-inch JDM Spec C wheels.
Just west of the village, cradling both sides of the Cross Island Parkway, is Bellerose Terrace, an unincorporated hamlet in the town of Hempstead.
The question became whether to let Chrysler slip into bankruptcy or to give it another month to finalize a life-saving alliance with Fiat, participants said.
Hotel occupancy rates in Manhattan are above 90 percent this week, but a growing number of runners are looking for bargains in New Jersey, Queens and elsewhere.
“Now, the situation may be reversed entirely for highly emotional personal information,” like devastating personal anxieties, Dr. Gopie said.
Mr. Brettschneider said that Mr. George was told that his son could not compete in a wrestling match and he wanted to talk to the coach to find out what was going on.
During the last three months of 2008, Nissan lost 83.2 billion yen.
The Dow fell 14.81 points, or 0.2 percent, to 8,277.32 while the broader Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index was down 1.33 points, or 0.2 percent, at 887.
In August, DeGale was a surprise Olympic champion in the middleweight division, defeating Emilio Correa of Cuba, who did everything to beat DeGale, including bite him on the chest.
The friendship stretches back two decades to when Mr. Gregg’s father, Hugh Gregg, who was a New Hampshire governor in the 1950s, worked to help elect Mr. Bush’s father, the first President George Bush.
There, bustling McAuliffe campaign workers, rolling around on electric carts, hoisted a McAuliffe for Governor banner over the street.
“The shock and sense of being an alien will never again, I suspect, be as profound for any of us as that first experience, because I know from personal experience that our education and professional training have equipped us to deal better in this sometimes alien land.” In another 1998 speech, she said the United States was often ambivalent about how to deal with its diversity.
Jeff Zimmerman, whose show, “Drawings in Glass,” opened recently at R 20th Century in TriBeCa, is “an artist, designer and craftsman — it makes his work a unique brand of modern craft,” said Evan Snyderman, who owns the gallery with Zesty Meyers.
Vesa Toskala made 50 saves and John Mitchell scored both goals for Toronto.
They will be combined with one-time measures that are more typical of federal stimulus packages to jump-start a weak economy, like spending for roads and other job-creating public works projects.
Fuel up with a glass of teh tarik, a brew of black tea and condensed milk, before tackling nearby Chinatown, a bustling area with stores selling knockoff purses, medicinal herbs and delicate tea sets.
Nov. 8, noon to 3 p.m. Free to $3.
Add 1 1/2 quarts water and bring to a simmer.
The tank had been previously cleaned and workers were preparing to install new equipment when the blast occurred, said Rick Rainey, spokesman for the facility's owner, Teppco Partners, a Houston energy company.
And the task force says, “They just have to look at the evidence and present the evidence and that’s that?” The task force was created in 1984, at a time when screening methods for cancer , cholesterol levels and diabetes were just emerging and rarely paid for by insurers.
Our heartfelt condolences to her family.
Fans of visiting APOEL Nicosia lauded their savior, goalkeeper Dionisios Chiotis.
WANTAGH TATTOOED arms folded across his chest, Frank Romano stood at the front desk of his tattoo parlor underneath his framed operating certificate from the Nassau County Department of Health and sighed when he learned what he would have to pay for its renewal.
And many of the late-stage clinical trials being conducted by Roche involve Genentech products.
said, efforts to repay debts by households, banks, companies “and, eventually, governments” will continue to limit economic growth.
He eventually received a degree from Ohio State by attending classes part-time.
She will certainly have exes, and I will tell her stories, and give her advice, most of which she won’t follow.
I’m, like, antsy, and I like to do something, but I’m not real good at setting it up ahead of time, so I get into sort of a malaise.
The more you can make a performance seem spontaneous, the better an entertainer you are.” For all the staged mayhem, the truly unpredictable did occur.
Then, just before 11 a.m. Thursday, chaos erupted when Armando Torres, a 35-year-old Queens resident, burst in with a carving knife with an 8-inch blade, the police said.
Schuyler Carroll, a lawyer for the trustee, said the fees were intended to offset the costs of storage, cataloging, insurance and staff involved in returning the artifacts.
“Even though Rutgers Stadium is near us, it’s never impacted us,” said Kathy Fertal, who has lived in Piscataway for 36 years with her husband, Bob.
The ballet lasts about 40 minutes.
North raised to game because of her good club suit.
“It’s so Hopperesque, it’s hard to believe nobody has described the photograph that way before.” In other cases, though, there is at least circumstantial evidence that the photographers crossed paths with Hopper’s work.
Both Ms. Foy, as Amy, and Mr. Macfadyen, as Clennam, are persuasive and touching.
A Defense Department official said there was little will at the Pentagon to release the report because it had become politically radioactive under Mr. Obama.
The home in which I was raised had been owned by John Roxborough, Louis’s primary manager.
For the next 40 years he was a highly respected, always controversial editor and prolific modernist critic, publishing under the name Akim Volynsky.
When he leaves, he shuts off most contact with the outside world, turning down tickets secured by his agent to award shows, finding a singular, obsessive focus.
OLD LYME Diane Birdsall Gallery Adrien Pierrette Broom, photography exhibition.
Until casinos open there, Russia will be one of the few countries in Europe without them, though underground ones are likely to be established.
Meanwhile, the presence of consumer electronics-focused companies in downtown San Francisco is starting to look like a trend.
Marrakesh was an easy choice, not just because Daniel and I had been wanting to visit what I’d heard called the jet set capital of North Africa for a long time (many American celebrities have homes here), but also because it has an ancient walled city, souks and palaces and a nearby desert and mountain range for day trips.
Its rooms and suites are as well appointed as any luxury hotel in the region, and its spa has become a draw for tourists.
App fever has even prompted cities like New York and San Francisco to open reservoirs of city data to the public to spur software developers to create hyperlocal applications for computers and phones.
“There are 40 to 50 components that go into these things,” Mr. Feit said.
IMPRESSIONISM Add two more names to the list of famous faces appearing on Broadway this spring: Jeremy Irons and Joan Allen are back after long absences to appear in a new play by Michael Jacobs about the relationship between a globe-trotting photojournalist and a New York gallery owner.
Priscilla Almodovar, the chief executive of Sonyma, which provides mortgages for low- and moderate-income borrowers in New York , said that although the idea has merit, many of the agency’s customers already qualify for its Closing Cost Assistance program, which offers home buyers $3,000 to $10,000 in aid for down payments, legal fees and other closing costs.
Since then, the business has expanded; the family has smaller shops in Parsippany, Chester and Montclair.
After raising $50,000 in three weeks from the Jerome Robbins Foundation and private donors, they shot the fourth movement, “Passage for Two,” on the High Line in Manhattan, but then they encountered delays in generating financing.
IT’S June 7, 1977, nighttime in the Castro district of San Francisco.
Same-store sales fell 10.2 percent.
It is fire that burns beneath bitter repatriation disputes, and in places like India or Africa it shapes the very concept of what a museum is and does.
Mr. Chapin’s mother, Leila Howard Burden Chapin, died in 1967.
The leading Democratic proposals would not only subsidize the purchase of private insurance, but also expand Medicaid , to cover more poor people, and Medicare, to eliminate a two-year waiting period for people with severe disabilities.
The dog had gnawed the leg on her Biedermeier chair.
The Arab states still have an offer on the table — peace and recognition for a return to 1967 lines — which Israel never formally answered, but, presumably, the answer is no.
Here are some guidelines on prices: 1965 PORSCHE 356C COUPE The final year of the 356 is especially well regarded by collectors.
“Do you want to come?” My husband, who was listening in on the extension, looked alarmed.
MADISON First Congregational Church of Madison ''Chestnut Hill Concerts 40th Summer Series: Haydn and Brahms,'' featuring Steven Copes, violin; Mihae Lee, piano; Ronald Thomas, cello.
The sap from the tree fixed the problem.
“If I’d been alive then, I’d be lying here.” Iran, on the 30th anniversary of the Islamic Revolution, is full of defiance and suspicion of President Obama ’s motives in reaching out to Tehran.
The best winter squashes (delicata, for example) have edible skins and are amazing just chunked and roasted with a little oil (and maybe some ginger or garlic).
“She’s been a very big part of this,” Ms. Toledo said.
The interview — in which Mr. Steele also appeared to stray from the view of many conservatives on homosexuality while offering a steady patter of jokes and irreverent observations — rippled through Republican circles as soon it was posted on GQ’s Web site Thursday morning.
In Europe, borrowers like Ireland and Greece have come under particular strain.
Sayed Ahmad Safi, a provincial spokesman, said that the death toll was 23, The Associated Press reported.
The commission chairman objected, saying a big party would be a waste of money.
Finding those flower-building genes, however, does not automatically tell scientists what their function is in a growing flower.
ROGER CLEMENS O.K., he's not a ''random'' Yankee, but he's probably the only one who built a horseshoe pit in his backyard in case former President George H.W.
The Helmand Afghan specialties include chopan, a half rack of lamb, and kaddo borawni, a sweetened pumpkin dish.
Chuck Bednarik brought the Eagles their last championship, then spent five decades retelling stories of Frank Gifford’s near decapitation.
Mr. Guerrero was seen, according to the complaint, “clutching his stomach area,” with what appeared to be blood soaking though his white T-shirt.
He and his partner would take turns driving and picking up garbage.
Dr. Lauren Elisabeth Cerullo and Dr. Mohamed Issam Farhat were married Saturday in Chicago.
Loving great-grandmother of Ariel and Corey Blum and Eva and Hannah Sunshine Szuchmacher.
Projects shelved today probably cannot be built quickly when they’re needed in the future.
But he scarcely rises to the level of a Roosevelt, and his presidency was distinguished by little other than his gaffes and blunders, including claiming several times in a debate with Jimmy Carter that Poland was not under domination by the Soviet Union.
The Irwin S. Chanin School of Architecture of The Cooper Union mourns the passing of Richard Henderson, Professor and Associate Dean Emeritus.
Similarly, the World Bank’s priority needs to be “low-carbon sustainable development.” Efforts to put climate change on the agenda of the U.N. Security Council should be renewed.
“He’s not one of those old guys who just gives you ice and stim.
REBOUNDS Eddy Curry missed his third consecutive game with a sore left knee.
We asked Javaria what she wanted to be when she grew up, thinking she might aspire to be a doctor or lawyer.
We do not need equipment rules aimed specifically at making it harder for Tiger Woods or anyone else.
Their safety nets are strained by newly unemployed people unfamiliar with the world of social services.
“Boy, creatively, that just sounds really exciting,” Mr. McKay said.
Briatore said he would sue journalists who repeated that rumor, and sue anybody who said that Q.P.R.
Directed by Scott Teems; written by Mr. Teems, based on the short story “I Hate to See That Evening Sun Go Down” by William Gay; director of photography, Rodney Taylor; edited by Travis Sittard; music by Michael Penn; production designer, Mara Lepere-Schloop; produced by Laura Smith, Terence Berry, Raymond McKinnon and Walton Goggins; released by Freestyle Releasing.
Given that China’s president, Hu Jintao, abruptly left to deal with rioting at home, perhaps it should have been called the G-8 + 5 + 1 + 5 — 1.
Balancing work and school was a bigger barrier than finding money for tuition, they said.
“I want to get the benefit of his criticisms or his support,” Mr. Benmosche said, according to Reuters.
The report said the company would get no more help from the government unless it can finalize a proposed alliance with the Italian automaker Fiat by April 30.
The study is the first to show that the children of older fathers do not perform as well on cognitive tests at young ages.
“I told them if you continue killing such innocent people you’ll turn everyone into a Taliban,” he said.
This idea of minimizing shows, made almost trendy by the 2005 Broadway revival of “Sweeney Todd,” has its naysayers.
Directed by Robert Harmon; written by Ronni Kern, based on a story by Ms. Kern, Tom Selleck and Michael Brandman and on characters created by Robert B. Parker; Mr. Brandman and Mr. Selleck, executive producers; Mr. Brandman, producer; Mr. Harmon, co-producer; Cheryl R. Stein and John Albanis, associate producers.
It was the clearest public statement of regret yet from Goldman, and a few hours later, as if to underscore that apology, the bank said that it was working with its largest shareholder, the billionaire investor Warren E. Buffett , to help 10,000 small businesses.
“In some ways,” Mr. Schamus wrote, “the bad news is good news for film buffs — the drying up of hedge fund money means that while there will be fewer art-house films opening every weekend this fall, the ones that do open will have a better shot at gaining some kind of attention and audience.
You would think the spring-training fairy tale of baseball would be much more laid back, but that would be assuming there is no such thing as the Yankees.
The first study of drivers texting inside their vehicles shows that the risk sharply exceeds previous estimates based on laboratory research — and far surpasses the dangers of other driving distractions.
Even now, the experience level is not the same.
The television academy has not yet disclosed which awards will be prerecorded.
MUSEUMS AND GALLERIES EAST ISLIP Islip Art Museum “Weather Channel,” an exhibition featuring works informed by the debate about global warming and changing weather patterns.
In a statement on the North’s official Korean Central News Agency, an unidentified spokesman for the North Korean Foreign Ministry was quoted as saying that his nation would continue its nuclear program to defend itself against what he called a hostile United States policy.
(May as well start casting one of Albert Pujols, known around town as El Hombre, who will win his third Most Valuable Player award.)
“We played it into the wind, the wind switched down, ended up in a bad spot, hit a decent chip, not a great chip, but hit a terrible putt, pulled it.” All week Woods has been summoning pars like a magician, but on the last two greens Saturday he looked mortal.
A child whose family farm has been sold tells the buyer’s wife to go home.
UEFA is currently in talks with the European Club Association -- representing 137 clubs such as Manchester United and Real Madrid --, Europe's top leagues and the players union FIFpro on ways to shield the game from the economic downturn.
When the film was nearly finished, Mr. Katzenberg asked the creative team to add some more 3-D “pow,” according to Mr. Vernon.
And it was the kind of easygoing, art-first statement characteristic of Mr. Weitz, whose stage name comes from the head lamp he wears as he manipulates samplers and synthesizers.
For months now, that has meant extraordinary things for the neighborhoods of this city.
So what exactly do they do with the files?
Hours: Tuesdays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.; Sundays, noon to 4:30 p.m.
There she greatly enjoyed her grandchildren and was happy and well cared for.
In the debate on the bill on Wednesday, Senate Republicans like Andrew Lanza of Staten Island questioned the promise to reimburse school districts for the payroll tax, since it must be appropriated by the Legislature each year.
“She’s not afraid to jump in,” said Mr. Gartside, a laconic Welshman.
In January 2008, however, it did refer Tejada on allegations that he had lied when he told investigators he had never used performance-enhancing drugs and had no knowledge of his teammates' use.
PHOTOS: A March 1933 cartoon from The New York Times expressed confidence in the new president, Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
Once on board the buses, they traded “Funny Girl” stories and shrugged at all the security fuss, which also included a laminated pass on a lanyard, a paper wristband and stamp in red ink.
The Chrysler bankruptcy filing is a bold move for the administration, a refusal to blink when confronted with what it perceived as unreasonable demands.
Thousands of other Peruvian emigrants streaming into Paterson also stayed, forming a durable and vibrant community.
“I had 130 amateur fights and I was never knocked out because I have no neck, which is good for boxers and baseball catchers.
She: “You have six new messages.
Schwalb was the original chief executive, but the board asked him to surrender the role last year.
It was lively and dry, with plummy, earthy flavors that were altogether pleasing.
No trial date was set.
Ms. Hubbard said it has amassed $16,000 this year — each city contributing $1,750, the rest coming from private donors — which has paid for 50,000 brochures, posters, a Web site, a kickoff event and print and radio advertising.
The 8-cylinder SS solves those issues at a still-reasonable base price: $30,995.
More than half of all Americans — 56 percent — are concerned that they might lose their jobs in the next year.
Their union feels real in a way that’s all too rare in modern movies.
The Museum of Modern Art has created two, ''Looking at Music'' and its sequel, ''Looking at Music: Side 2.''
Proposed rules for the $4.3 billion Race to the Top competition say that states must show they are carrying out education innovation and reform, improving student achievement, adopting higher standards, recruiting effective teachers and principals, building educational data systems, and turning around low-performing schools.
“It was exciting,” said Henry, 69.
$150 to $245 at Calypso Home in New York, (212) 925-6200.; Hearts so good: Marc Jacobs's Love Story clutch is chic enough to be carried all year long.
He is justified in his view that the left, or a lot of it, now regards Israel coldly.
The dollar rose against most other major currencies, while gold fell.
Nor should you risk infesting your entire clan because of a silly secret.
She wakes up every morning a half an hour early just so she can get to Times Square, sit in one of those seats, listen to music and people-watch.
“I said to myself I was born to benefit the world by my great talents.” That Davy did not benefit the world by realizing surgical patients could be anesthetized is symptomatic, Mr. Holmes writes, of the strange, uncharted world that this book explores.
Maybe a nice cheese blintz?
In good times, a debate over stadium sight lines would be a footnote.
3 decals proliferate on cars in Nascar parking lots, but racecars do less racing these days.
At one point a warden seeks to understand this incorrigible inmate’s propensity for “nihilistic and godless behavior” and asks Bronson, who has developed a habit of taking hostages in his cell, what he wants from the authorities.
In 2004, together with Ira Bailey, Mr. Michelman formed M&B Funding, a financial firm.
Mass Our Lady Queen of Martyrs, Centerport, Monday 11am.
“What did you have for lunch?” “Crackers and soup.” “What did you have for dinner?” “Crackers and soup.” “What did you have for breakfast?” “I don’t eat breakfast.” “Patients who say their appetite is fine often are saying it is better than it was,” Dr. Raber said.
“He’s missed 12 practices, so I think — he’ll earn his role after he gets here, that’s the best way to say it,” McDaniels said.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY PAUL J. BERESWILL/ASSOCIATED PRESS)
“Carrying ourselves well and being neatly dressed or having the locker room look good, those little details carry over to the field,” the senior middle linebacker Chris Costello said.
The author is impressed by Mr. McClelland’s peace of mind about the Holliday call.
Fortunately, some of the bigger names did very well, too.
Chase drivers took 9 of the first 11 spots.
But Monday’s was extra significant.
Asked whether the challenges facing his government compare to those facing President Barack Obama — healing political divisions, nursing a wounded economy back to life and restoring Thailand’s image in the world — Mr. Abhisit said that although his country did not face a banking crisis, the political situation was more grave.
Second, Bernanke avoided the grand gesture.
“They have very significant cash reserves to get them through the recession.” The Candys’ most serious miscalculation was the decision to buy an 8-acre development site in Beverly Hills, California, in 2007.
The building would be renovated so it could accommodate a theater — with dinner theater, comedy shows and touring companies performing Broadway shows — and a movie theater showing second-run and older films.
The question, Manuel said, will be whether he can get the right-handed Evans enough at-bats as a Met or if it would be better to send him to the minor leagues to play every day.
In the play’s desperate final scene Patsy is recruited to enter into the sisters’ weird rite, donning a sparkly blue suit and obeying Breda’s barking commands to come to Ada’s rescue, to release her from the sisters’ smothering spell.
Over the last year, groups of private investors have taken over failed institutions like IndyMac, the California-based lender, and BankUnited Financial, Florida’s biggest regional bank.
Still, the researchers in the field tend to agree about the scale of the problem — and how much malpractice reform might accomplish.
“The police aren’t very good right now,” Mr. Holbrooke said.
Joseph raises to his mouth a quince, the other fruit consumed at wine banquets.
That’s based on 10-year average earnings, a conservative measure that smoothes out short-term swings in corporate profits.
I have led a long, productive life based on only two pieces of advice, both of which I learned as a preschooler some 80 years ago.
CRUISES Perhaps the most reliable destination is not a destination at all.
White House officials said they had not explained the incident at first out of concern for the privacy of the Whitakers.
Patients need to clean their own hands frequently, especially before eating.
A spokesman for Mr. Manchin said that the governor, a Democrat, has not decided what to do with the bill and that he would review the measure when he officially received it sometime this week.
This was supposed to be Russia ’s round in the battle over its backyard.
In Mr. Thaler’s words, “Sunstein would be the nudger in chief.” Mr. Sunstein, who for years was a colleague of Mr. Thaler and of Mr. Obama at the University of Chicago, faces Senate confirmation hearings and declined to comment for this article.
Wakefield, who spent five and a half weeks on the disabled list because of back problems after the All-Star break, pitched seven innings Wednesday, allowing one run and six hits in a win over the Chicago White Sox.
And all I wanted was information.” He also decided that the green movement lacked adventure.
His suspension begins Sept. 5, and he can return to the active roster Oct. 5.
Already four anglers sit at different spots around the rectangle, staring at the glow-stick bobbers.
If the dog finds a can with a matching scent, it signals — stiffening, barking or giving some other alert its handler recognizes.
Refrigerate at least 2 hours or overnight.
“Why should we use regressive taxation to support the most expensive form of renewable energy?” Mr. Hawiger asked.
In an interview on Wednesday, Mr. Kohl did not dispute the accuracy of the statements in The Leader-Telegram, but he was unwilling to make predictions.
Thanks to Mr. Wilson and other true believers, the oddball Davis has been reappreciated in recent years.
Fuel economy is rated at 23 m.p.g.
PAGE D1 CLEVELAND STATE'S RUN ENDS The Arizona Wildcats nipped Cleveland State's Cinderella aspirations, defeating the Vikings, 71-57, in Miami.
Everyone knows how close we are.
Got You All in Check,” “Put Your Hands Where My Eyes Could See” — party records that also featured impressive, if monotone, vocal calisthenics.
Another had a flat tire.
Minimize the ground that can be fought over, and financial institutions have less ability to play one official off against another.
accounts set up through various units of Fiserv.
PENGUINS 3, CANADIENS 1 Sidney Crosby scored a goal and set up another with a no-look pass for host Pittsburgh, which at 17-8 has matched the franchise record for victories in the first 25 games.
But numerous parents of chorus members said they suspected it might have had to do with her exacting, even imperious, style.
At 70, he seems headed for prison, perhaps for the rest of his life.
''I would not be backing up the truck to financial stocks just yet,'' said Stephanie Giroux, chief investment strategist at TD Ameritrade.
I am a real survivor.” VI.
I certainly wouldn’t have expected that going into my first event, the Match Play, to end up where I’m at right now.
A maid who brought Bowes a piece of chicken without her husband’s permission was immediately dismissed.
Mr. Schlettwein, who says that he has never met Ms. Lameck and that she had nothing to do with the scanner purchase, alerted Namibia’s anticorruption commission.
I put together processes and systems for logistics, distribution and inventory control.
Maria Diaz, 39, a 13-year employee at the Highways and Transportation Department, said the administration’s approach showed a lack of compassion.
“There may be 50 different inflammatory processes going on,” Dr. Remick went on.
Jolene Siana, a writer in Boerum Hill, Brooklyn , plans to spend time with friends at their homes rather than in wine bars, bringing a $12 bottle rather than blowing $12 on a glass.
The final “DOCTOR WHO” story starring Mr. Tennant, the 10th actor to play the time-and-space-traveling doctor since the show’s premiere in 1963, begins Saturday with “The End of Time, Part One” (9 p.m., BBC America) and concludes Jan. 2.
In his “Last Supper,” a man who could be an innkeeper bends over the disciples.
“You’re going to have your newsstand guy, your doorman, the guy who runs the store around the corner, they all live in Queens,” he said.
Or at least that was what Mayor Koch said he thought the city had done.
The Knicks signed James to a five-year, $30 million contract that has produced few tangible or statistical results.
The former Steeler Jerome Bettis, writing for Sports Illustrated's Web site, said there was no need to say he was sorry: ''I've had a hot dog.
He gained 123 yards on 24 carries.
An empathetic love affair that deepens over time: that’s one way to describe the chemistry of the pianist Barbara Carroll with the music of George Gershwin .
He said there had been no other legal settlements.
He was shackled to his bed at night, unable to defend himself against “the mosquitoes, biting ants and spider crabs that swarmed in the cell.” Begley lucidly unravels the complicated legal and political processes through which Dreyfus was eventually retried, found guilty for a second time, with “extenuating circumstances,” then pardoned.
He said he suspected that the renowned violinist would request additional rehearsal time again -- a request that, if granted, could begin to alter the calculus on which the orchestra's management decisions are based.
Instead of resembling Jordan, he contains more of Scottie Pippen’s fabric, able to handle the ball and see the length of the court.
The principles of laissez-faire capitalism were elevated to the status of religious scripture, with Alan Greenspan as high priest.
However, it ends at the edge of the salt water.
And have kid(s) Me: have kids?
While categories like trade and government spending helped to lift domestic output, consumer spending fell at an annual rate of 1.2 percent.
The Securities and Exchange Commission on Wednesday defended its proposed $33 million settlement with Bank of America over bonuses paid to Merrill Lynch executives just before the bank took over Merrill last year.
It probably took two specific factors to create the accidental icon.
“It’s a model for American engagement in Iraq today.” Our experience in both Iraq and Afghanistan has offered painful proof that we cannot simply bring refractory states to heel, no matter how much force we bring to bear.
Their youngest brother, Jeffrey, who left the partnership in 1989, is an architect.
's below 3.00, and Mantle and Berra were brilliant.
“That is a real problem because colleges and universities have cash flow needs at this time of year and usually use a line of credit to cover their expenses, and then fill that credit line up with tuition revenues.” The majority of banks have been clear that they will not take the warrants after July 10.
That’s something no one can ever take away from me.”
He also received a master’s degree in history from Cambridge University.
BERRY--Heidi Lehrman, 65, died January 25, 2009 of multiple myeloma.
The symphony said these measures would save $1.3 million for the fiscal year.
A specialist who had deserted last year wanted to turn himself in.
The band was playing at the Beacon Theater that night.
He often talked to the baseball, fidgeted on the mound and got down on his knees to scratch at the dirt.
TV ratings soared, and foreign players found starring roles — the top 15 scorers were non-Chinese, and players like Bonzi Wells and Dontae’ Jones — who had less than stellar N.B.A.
A mountain bike is suggested, as some of the terrain can be rough or uneven.
“When times were flush,” said Stu Loeser, the mayor’s chief spokesman, “our plan actually increased the amount of resources available to senior centers.”
A similar reduction in supplies to Ukraine in 2006 caused a drop in pressure throughout Europe’s integrated natural gas pipeline system and led to shortages in countries as far away as Italy and France.
Top New York Democrats expect him to step aside.
Streams and springs are dammed to provide water for irrigation, with miles of irrigation line laid.
I was enjoying the echoes and the distant drip of water, when David warned me about a burned-out light.
He has, however, achieved a reputation as a superb classical dancer, first with the Hamburg Ballet, and then at the Dresden SemperOper, where he is currently a principal.
On Thursday Michael Lang , one of the producers of the 1969 Woodstock Music and Art Fair, said he planned to bring a new show to Broadway that would use elements from his recent memoir, “The Road to Woodstock,” written with Holly George-Warren .
That dissatisfaction is causing some capital movement from the United States to Canada, in Professor Velk’s analysis.
“I came to appreciate how Thucydides must have felt when he sat down to write his history of the Peloponnesian wars or Leo Tolstoy his ‘War and Peace’ — wow, there’s a lotta material here!,” began the historian Marc Mappen, in “ The Serpent in the Garden State : A Brief History of New Jersey Corruption.” Dr. Mappen, executive director of the New Jersey Historical Commission, put the material together for a speech at Rutgers University in 2005.
And while banks can always borrow money somewhere, these funds wouldn’t be able to borrow at all were it not for that F.D.I.C.
In addition to the skiing and boating at Lake Tahoe, there is hiking, fishing in the Carson River, biking, hunting, horseback riding and especially golf — four courses in the valley alone, and several more within an hour’s drive.
Moscow has greeted Mr. Obama, who on Tuesday night concluded a two-day Russian-American summit meeting, as if he were just another dignitary passing through.
And remember, if you’re not hitting your savings or investing goals, you can use the C.E.O.
He was in his element at the news conference with the exploitation director Eli Roth (of “Hostel” notoriety), who plays one of the most violent Nazi hunters .
One year I hitchhiked west, hoping to make it to Los Angeles but only getting as far as Tucson before running out of time and catching a Greyhound bus back to the university.
His deep baritone kiddush will be missed on both coasts.
I’m carrying a smaller planner now.
“It’s one of those situations where I wasn’t afraid,” Rollins said.
is 0.33 (bases empty and two outs in the bottom of the sixth with the visitors leading by four).
The unemployment rate rose to 8.9 percent, however, in part because the labor force was swelled by people seeking jobs again after having given up trying to find work in earlier months.
(Isherwood) ‘AUGUST: OSAGE COUNTY’ Tracy Letts’s turbocharged tragicomedy about an Oklahoma clan in a state of near-apocalyptic meltdown is the most exciting new American play Broadway has seen in years (3:20).
Also on the bill was his friend Jeffrey Ross — he of the explosive malady — who stars in various celebrity roasts on Comedy Central.
Lieutenant Smith called the listening post back in.
The program might also help keep those patients loyal to Pfizer brands.
In return for providing one of only three Republican votes in the Senate for the Obama administration’s $787 billion economic stimulus package , he was able to secure a 34 percent increase in the health agency’s budget — to $39 billion from $29 billion.
The Taliban, or someone who thought like them, had thrown acid in the faces of a number of girls, and a number of readers in the United States and other countries, filled with generosity, had given their money to take care of one of those girls and the school.
Buchholz has dazzled at Class AAA Pawtucket with a 5-1 record and a 1.93 E.R.A.
American forces are using drones and powerful missiles to attack those militants.
But the ‘Ernani’ costumes fit the period.” Marius Kwiecien is meant to conjure up Ezio Pinza as Don Giovanni, in a rented movie costume originally worn by Colin Firth.
“These are very uncertain times,” the chief executive, James W. Owens , said in a statement.
With two outs, two on and another left-hander, Scott Elbert, warming up, Torre left Kershaw in for a batter too long.
Original sin is now on the soul of Ireland and the Catholic Church forever.
To have the full engagement of your employee population is so important.
The fourth-season debut of the NBC comedy, whose ratings have never quite matched its critical popularity, was down nearly 30 percent from a year ago, when 8.7 million tuned in.
Thomas F. Brosnan performed the ceremony at St. Paul Chong Hasang Roman Catholic Church.
Up close though, it’s the old, handcrafted ice yachts that draw attention.
Or is he in a time warp, thinking what they did once they can do again in 2010?
His on-the-record comments often seem scripted; he has seemingly uttered what he thought he should say instead of what he actually felt.
To raise the $75,000 she needed for an album, she set up a Web site — jillsnextrecord.com — in which her fans would serve as patrons for her next record in return for various rewards.
“The money is coming very rapidly.” For the moment, the bulk of the federal dollars reaching New Jersey are working their way into the economy through individual transactions like those at the supermarket.
Across Europe, the debate over crowd control is likely to become more pressing as the economic downturn brings more people onto the streets at big events.
My chocolate is regular chocolate, good quality for ordinary people.
Automakers are beginning to see past the immediate dollars.
Evashevski switched from a single wing and T formation to a split T and came away with an 8-0 victory.
I don’t want to call him a flower child, but he’s his own man.
Mr. Jenkins was formally charged in her murder on Friday.
Do what it takes to accomplish the goal of finishing, and be smart about it, too.
Patterns are few; T-shirts are — imagine — blank.
The Yankees led, 4-3, and before their next out they had scored five more runs, three on a homer by Hideki Matsui.
On the way up in the crowded elevator, J said loudly: “Now, you see how these black girls are?
What's refreshing here (aside from the inimitably British mock-epic tone) is precisely this sense of an immense fantasy played out in a diminished scale.
I tried two fairly cute items: a modified domino-print swing dress with padded shoulders by American Living (a Ralph Lauren line created for Penney’s) and a long psychedelic muumuu of a style generally worn by Rachel Zoe.
Dr. Sperling’s patients have included a 22-year-old whose arm swelled to twice its size after a marathon Wii session, and a man in his 60s.
Uncle Sam is acting as a philanthropist coming to the aid of a dying corporation.
By some measures, conditions in the country are getting worse.
It requires retraining lawyers and judges, rebuilding courtrooms and improving forensic technology, all while trying to keep on top of a flood of new cases.
(He had also alienated the middle class, increasingly weary of ideological warfare; and the army had pleaded for his ouster.)
For the first few months I was haunted by a number: 52.
Miami’s athletic department, charging its guests $75 each and $1,000 to sponsor a table at Friday’s dinner, has made its goals for Rodriguez’s appearance clear.
''Once you reach a certain point, you get booed in every visiting stadium,'' he said.
Colonial buildings, art galleries, museums and concert sites are about six miles away in Cuenca.
Taiwan broke free and became a vibrant democracy.
But Ms. Giraldo later insisted her injuries were the result of an accident, and she may testify for the defense in State Supreme Court in Queens.
“The idea is to get it pink all the way through, with none of that well-done gray part around the edge.” IT seemed like a long time to cook a steak, but when he cut it open it was rosé-red, juicy and delicious.
But the Federal Reserve, in minutes released from its April policy meeting, cut its outlook for United States growth over the next three years and said a full recovery could take five or six years.
“Hyphenated kids who are born and raised here and have a foot in both worlds are the ones taking the lead, ” said David Del Vecchio, a board member of the National Collegiate Table Tennis Association.
Fire up the 1099 cc V-twin — derived from the racy 1098 model with horsepower intact — and things get more familiar.
Scott Boras, who represents Teixeira and Holliday, has already compared Holliday to Teixeira as the best all-around free agent.
There are 1,200 items, worth a fortune if they were Kahlo’s, everything from stuffed hummingbirds, like the one she wears as a necklace in a 1940 self-portrait, to a small notebook of private thoughts and sexually explicit drawings.
That sounded to me to be the way savvy leisure travelers think, and Mr. Fridgen agreed.
The panel’s 20-17 vote to recommend a ban on the combination drugs was one of 11 it took at a meeting called to advise the F.D.A.
Transparency is another difficult issue that must be resolved, at least in principle, this week.
It seems that this generation of Republicans will not bend on health care, so why not try the aggressive strategy?
Mr. Gonzalez worked for the Internal Revenue Service and in private practice in New York before Harold D. Jones, then the United States bankruptcy trustee for New York, Connecticut and Vermont, recruited him to be his first assistant trustee.
It’s the same with a watch.” Left motionless for several months, the lubricants could stiffen, causing extra stress on the movement that could lead to failure, he said.
When he needed an adviser, he got an enabler.
And as a result, Mr. Gates has played a central role in reshaping national security policy, including fixing a broken Pentagon procurement system and recalibrating the size of the country’s nuclear arsenal.
Thandie Newton shows up as the president’s daughter who, because movies like these subscribe to the Noah’s ark theory of onscreen hookups (two of every kind), becomes an eventual romantic foil for Mr. Ejiofor’s character.
COLGATE 23, STONY BROOK 13 The junior quarterback Greg Sullivan had 18 carries for 113 yards, surpassing 1,000 rushing yards for his career, as host Colgate (2-0) beat Stony Brook (0-2).
3), you could convince yourself, briefly, that Ms. Gulyak was intent on presenting this largely overlooked Romantic as a fire-breathing proto-Liszt, decades ahead of his time.
Lawmakers point to a similar arrangement in San Francisco , where church officials reached an agreement with the city in the late 1990s under which church-related employers allowed employees to designate a member of the household as a “spousal equivalent.” These agreements preserved the beliefs of the church and the legal rights of the employees, without compelling the church to explicitly recognize gay marriages or domestic partnerships.
The 1966 Japan shows were recorded, but there was no thought of using the live versions in the game.
Nancy Crespo’s daughter, Alexis, a seventh grader, attends Intermediate School 238 in Queens, which was closed Thursday.
The pass was broken up, and the rookie cornerback Ryan Mundy leveled Higgins for good measure.
In Graham Vick’s production, which runs through Aug. 23, the United States is a stand-in for Verdi’s Egypt in its conflict with Ethiopia.
Mr. Williams added the word “fear” to the subtitle after the recession struck, but much of the most recent narrative-rich work has been darker and more distopian than “Telling Tales.” Equally dramatic has been the change in the economics of this area of design.
That’s how it is with him.
Mr. Bernanke also said he had seen some signs that the Fed’s response to the credit crisis had begun to bear fruit.
She looks a bit like Kim Clijsters but she plays like a combination of the Williamses, who inspired her to pick up a racket.
The scratchboard and watercolor drawings zoom in and out, giving an aerial view of neat checkerboards of fields around a little “house in the night .
“My timing was a little off, I was rushing a little bit,” Rodríguez said.
While the Upper West Side, for example, showed slightly lower air pollutant levels, Dr. Matte noted that it still had a high concentration of big buildings and cars.
The party has been hoping to use its increased clout in the city to play a role in statewide races, like those for governor, attorney general and state comptroller.
But Libya remains a police state with Colonel Qaddafi as its unchallenged leader.
“This is about uncovering the cultural diversity in the Bronx.” Thematically, the show can be quite high-concept.
Summer ArtVentures, two-week art summer camp.
Even if we manage to avoid a repeat of the Great Depression , the world economy will take years to recover from this crisis.
Only the 1978 Pittsburgh Steelers won with an M.V.P.
In America this was particularly so: think Denver, Cincinnati, the old Pennsylvania Station.
The Treasury conceded that the program was “modest” but that it could be expanded if the economy or financial markets deteriorated.
As we hold colleges to account for graduation rates — as we should — we must also remember that socioeconomics has a profound bearing on student success.
In “Wittgenstein’s Vienna” (1973) , written with Allan Janik, he examined the ideas and cultural currents that shaped Wittgenstein’s thought.
The youngest are the rookies Hakeem Nicks and Ramses Barden.
Fairfield Theater Company, 70 Sanford Street.
The company hired Rothschild to help it form a plan to reduce debt and interest payments while improving its access to cash.
It is the latest example of the expansion of the graphic format to include nonfiction and reportage as well as superheroes and fantasy.
), with plush red seats tufted with yellow faces.
Although Mr. Creel, 33, stars in a show that is associated with ’60s-style activism and sexual liberation, he personally wasn’t much interested in politics before Barack Obama ran for president.
T-shirts are oversize and knotted into “Flashdance” shapes.
Mr. Geithner said he “would never put myself in a position where my actions were influenced by a personal relationship.” Other chief financial regulators at the Federal Deposit Insurance Company and the Securities and Exchange Commission say they keep officials from institutions they supervise at arm’s length, to avoid even the appearance of a conflict.
But executives say such clubs are far less lucrative, and will employ very few workers.
A pregnant woman is at higher risk from flu because hormonal changes depress the immune system to protect the fetus.
Has his shifting workload adversely affected him?
And it said that the increasing delays faced by airline passengers highlighted the need to modernize the outdated air traffic control system.
That was down from more than 80 percent two years ago.
“Iraq’s Arab and Islamic identity and its unity and sovereignty are red lines that cannot be crossed and are not subject to compromise,” Mr. Maliki said in his address to the 22-member body.
The dollar was within a cent of the lowest level versus the euro in a year as the manufacturing gain and an unexpected drop in initial jobless claims spurred investors to sell the greenback and buy higher-yielding assets.
It doesn’t get much better than that, to play at Carnoustie my first year, it was just — I just fell in love with being able to use the ground as a friend, as an ally.
“There is more upside potential for something raw or unrenovated now, simply because fewer people want them,” Mr. Miller said.
Twice, in 1970 and 1974, they had predicted that the G.N.P.
Prosecutors say the gifts were in exchange for her help getting favors for a top Abramoff client, the Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians.
Simple medical problems can have debilitating effects on someone who has had his operation.
“Someone’s getting beat up every other night.” The Justice Department distinguishes the home-grown gangs on reservations from the organized drug gangs of urban areas, calling them part of an overall juvenile crime problem in Indian country that is abetted by eroding law enforcement, a paucity of juvenile programs and a suicide rate for Indian youth that is more than three times the national average.
“We are not out of problems yet,” Mr. Buffett said last week in an interview, in which he reflected on the lessons of the last 12 months.
Now New India pokes its finger into Calcutta’s languid belly.
Profit growth was driven by the bank’s corporate and investment banking operations, which posted net revenue of €5.3 billion in the April-June period, up 84 percent from a year earlier.
In 2007, Verizon Wireless rejected Naral Pro-Choice America’s request to send text messages over its network, a decision Verizon reversed after an outpouring of criticism.
Pettitte could return because some in the Yankees’ hierarchy want him back.
After a while, they calmed down.
“And to have to send a message or be concerned all day long if there is a last-minute change seems to me be totally excessive.” The rules exist so that athletes can be tested out of competition, and with some banned substances clearing the system within hours, WADA and other antidoping authorities deem it necessary to be able to test athletes at any time.
He attended Iona Preparatory School in New Rochelle; the College of the Holy Cross, where he majored in economics; and, finally, the Fordham University School of Law.
“This is a huge leap that I’ve taken, but I’m ready for it.”
Like someone who sniffs out the next Bernie Madoff.
The director will be Leonard Foglia, who performed similar duties on Broadway last year with the one-man show “Thurgood,” starring Laurence Fishburne.
“I think for a lot of times in the States, running has been a form of punishment,” he said.
Cornell was rowing away with the men’s heavyweight race, leaving Army to hold off Marist and Columbia in a furious fight for second.
“They just didn’t understand it,” Mr. Smits said.
Good schools pay attention to what teachers are teaching and how they’re teaching it, how they can refine and add to what they already know, how the curriculums are created and how they make for fruitful learning.
During the summer, Eni, the giant Italian oil company, slashed its dividend by 23 percent, in part to protect its spending program.
Every balance, every tempo feels freshly considered and aptly judged; time and again expressive details leap out in sharp focus without distracting unduly.
Some say he is a rare leader who could unify the Palestinian people.
A few phone calls revealed that some Franconia inns were so thinly occupied this winter that dinner was not always being served — an alarming prospect if you’re arriving ravenous and on foot.
Detainees at Children’s Village spend their days in cheerful rooms painted in vibrant hues of pink and green and decorated with potted plants.
Well, perhaps not to absolute perfection.
As a result, the revenues for the six Canadian clubs helped the entire league earn its highest operating profit in more than a decade , according to Forbes magazine.
Gingrich seems to have decided not to choose sides in this debate.
With the economic crisis spreading worldwide, there also seem to be fewer wealthy foreigners buying Manhattan condos.
But it provided Acquisti and Gross with a data set that they could analyze for patterns in how the numbers are assigned.
Dear sister to Morton Galison and the late Eleanor Schwartz.
Several bigger, more significant American companies are going to envy the Dallas Opera its new home.
The sausages — DBGB offers a selection of 13 — were superb.
Concord has a much longer track than she is used to.
My life's blessing and guardian angel still.
“I think this muted period of growth people are looking for is real.
Several other late-night producers privately question whether Mr. O’Brien’s comedy style — which he himself defines as more silly than sophisticated — will translate to the more traditional “Tonight” show.
Recently, green roof projects have been included in some top-to-bottom renovations of loft-style office buildings downtown.
Only very slightly, and depending on how it's prepared.
Community Mutual was under the same kinds of pressures to lend in low- and moderate-income neighborhoods, but its officers say that rather than simply offering loans willy-nilly or letting shadowy brokers do it for them, the bank held seminars on borrowing and tried to search out applicants who could meet its standard criteria.
The current operator of Tavern on the Green says it would have to lay off all of its more than 400 employees during the lucrative Christmas season unless the parks department lets it occupy the restaurant for three months after its operating license expires at midnight on Dec. 31.
“They should be ashamed.” The contrast between criticism of the Swiss and silence about local parallels isn’t limited to Egypt.
And That’s the Way It Was,” an exhibition that examines everyday life before the advent of modern conveniences.
“It’s going to be hard for people to just say no.
But the panels' recommendations will not be binding on Icann, and the Commerce Department retains oversight through a separate contract for Icann to handle the nuts-and-bolts of domain name administration.
And this time there has been none of the naïveté of the 12-year-old, nor the heedlessness of the 27-year-old.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY ADAM IHSE/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES)
Confidential” ) and the director Paul Weitz (“About a Boy”); with John C. Reilly, Salma Hayek and Ken Watanabe.
The next day, after my private vegetable-picking session in the 80-degree heat, we went on a farm tour.
And employers must now pay an annual levy — as much as 1,800 ringgit — for any new foreigners they employ, he said; the fee used to be paid by workers.
President Obama, too, has expressed his support before and after the 2008 election.
Investigators say about a dozen cars have been torched since the weekend.
A high school friend of Mr. Perlman’s suggested that they meet.
Specifically, he proposes tying carbon penalties to the temperature of the lowest layer of the atmosphere (called the troposphere, which extends from the surface of the earth to a height of about 10 miles).
By the end of the afternoon, the Act Blue fund-raising Web site showed that Mr. Miller had received more than $500,000 since the speech.
Frank Coghlan Jr., a freckle-faced child actor of silent movies who in the sound era thrilled Saturday matinee audiences by shouting “Shazam!” and mutating into the superhero Captain Marvel, died on Sept. 7 at his home in Saugus, Calif.
Mississippi and Georgia have requested disaster declarations from the United States Department of Agriculture , and Alabama is likely to follow suit.
has given clients six months to come forward, they are under pressure to do so by June 30, the date by which they must file certain account disclosures.
But any share sale, which could be announced as early as next week, would dilute the government’s holding and any possible gains for taxpayers.
“I just wanted to make well-designed pieces that people can afford,” he said.
“Now there’s no structure,” said Michael Cronin, a retired anti-gang officer.
Big companies didn’t innovate, and government got in the way.
I have and always will.
In two weeks, they’ll share the greatest stage of their professional lives: the Super Bowl.
... On Feb. 6 and 7, a new choral work by the composer Richard Einhorn , a tribute to Charles Darwin, will have its premiere at the State University of New York, Oswego.
Other influences, Mr. Wurmfeld said, ranged from the Baroque architecture of Francesco Borromini and Gian Lorenzo Bernini to the painted ceilings of Giovanni Battista Tiepolo, all of whom he admiringly called “spatial illusionists.” After developing a series of models, Mr. Wurmfeld came up with the completed idea for an abstract panoramic painting in the late 1980s, but it took him a decade to find someone to sponsor his project.
Like me, she fancied herself a writer and director.
In two starts at first base he has four runs batted in and, for now, a regular place in the lineup.
Still, the season ended where most expected, with North Carolina in the title game, albeit against an opponent playing the closest thing to a home game that the championship allows.
Neighbors gathered on Sunday night in the vestibule of the condominium building where the shooting occurred, discussing how such violence could seep into their complex, nine stories of glass and aluminum enclosing million-dollar penthouses and $700,000 apartments.
Ms. Butenis, now the United States ambassador to Sri Lanka , declined to comment for this article.
“Without eggs, it doesn’t become a custard, like eggnog does,” he said.
“I think she’s very talented,” said Dementieva, still searching for her first Grand Slam title.
The system is the main tool for the E.U.
Last week, he said federal authorities wanted to talk to him about their investigation of Mr. Blagojevich.
It is nothing like a button-down Wall Street brokerage firm.
At private dinners, he would lecture rich Republicans on the dreams and aspirations of welfare mothers.
Page D6 Editorial NORTH KOREA'S TEST North Korea's much-discussed plan to launch a rocket has fueled dangerous new tensions in East Asia.
He was a loyal friend and an utmost professional superintendent of our building for the past six years.
What they couldn’t do was to enlist their supporters, literally overnight, as a personal army of lobbyists, free from the interference of local party bosses or news editors.
Sure, there are those odd television advertisements with rodents in treadmill cages.
And HD radio still offers local news and views.
I don't think it's a grand strategic plan to clear the decks and form a grand strategy for 2012.
Utah shot well early, building a 50-41 lead late in the second quarter.
In each, women graduates were in the majority.
Now Justice Stephen G. Breyer, who seemed to have been at work on a majority opinion in favor of Mr. Hudson, saw a looming catastrophe.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY ROBERT STOLARIK FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)
One house was destroyed, above, and several others were damaged in Bushland, about 15 miles west of Amarillo.
He also warned consumers never to sign a blank or incomplete return or one filled out in pencil.
“Well, the Baucus bill doesn’t have a public option, and they’re still not for it in any way, with the possible exception of Olympia Snowe,” a moderate Republican senator from Maine, who has not ruled out supporting the overhaul that Mr. Obama is seeking.
Poor Chip just wants to see all the sights listed in the guidebook from his dad’s visit in 1930.
“If you look historically at arranged marriages, some of them last.” Dr. Yip, who is the former director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention office in China, embraces the Gates Foundation’s philosophy of bold initiatives and risk taking — traits often lacking in government-run global health behemoths.
The open pairs district final takes place Sunday at the Vanderbilt Bridge Club in Lake Success, N.Y.
“I think the reason is ideological,” Dr. Lekson said on a recent visit to Paquimé.
The market system works well most of the time.
Assuming at the other table that three no-trump was undoubled, if the contract was making, the redouble would increase the gain to 9 international match points from 4.
They include the best, funniest fox-hunting scene since Trollope, and also display some of Trollope’s social observation and comic shrewdness, his eye for pretense, hypocrisy and self-deception.
One recent evening, after business at the Capitol had wound down for the day, the Tap Room of the genteel Fort Orange Club slowly filled up with members of New York’s Republican establishment.
Are you still with me?
Dr. Alvin D. Jackson, the state health director in Ohio , which has one confirmed case of swine flu, said his agency’s state appropriation had declined by about $10 million over the last two years.
Mr. Avellino has been connected to Mr. Madoff for his entire career.
Ms. Allende, a Chilean who went into exile after President Salvador Allende, her cousin, was overthrown by Gen. Augusto Pinochet, is sympathetic to the choices Ms. Svich made.
John Milius, a gun collector, martial arts enthusiast and the director of the throwback epics “The Wind and the Lion” and “Conan the Barbarian,” shakes his head at the thought.
There is a newsmagazine and a large roster of serious documentaries along the lines of “Rock the Boat,” a 1998 film about a group of H.I.V.-positive men who undertake a grueling 2,200-mile sailing race.
Even so, he said China had violated trade rules by requiring some foreign-owned tire factories to export a high percentage of their output.
The complex also includes a skating rink built for the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin.
But then things got fuzzy, and her dancers were carrying the show, looking increasingly to the boss after they had exhausted their short routines.
“Crying Lightning” rode a sludgy bass riff, played by Nick O’Malley; “Potion Approaching” swiveled between a spindly punk riff and a triplet tattoo made nasty with distortion.
Show smokers right there at the checkout counter how much gunk coats their lungs and maybe they will reconsider plunking down that Hamilton for a pack of cigarettes.
I don’t hate it anymore.” His mother, Rebecca, said afterward that she found the new report cards hard to understand, but was glad students were no longer compared with one another.
According to the latest federal statistics, passengers aboard 278 planes suffered tarmac delays of three hours or more in June alone.
More usable torque is also promised, with higher fuel economy and lower emissions.
And it has given modern works a chance to be seen by so many more people.
In Islip, N.Y., a new provision allows residents to install windmills up to 45 feet tall — probably not high enough to make the investment worthwhile, Mr. Stimmel said.
players experiencing dementia at rates four to five times more often than normal.
Mr. Hatoyama, who is likely to become prime minister if his party wins, is seen as a consensus builder who will work to maintain party unity and avoid a strong personal imprint on its policies.
“The president — President Mugabe — I think I’ve made my views clear, has not acted oftentimes in the best interest of the Zimbabwean people and has been resistant to the kinds of democratic changes that need to take place.” Mr. Tsvangirai received more votes than Mr. Mugabe in an election last year but was pressed into a power-sharing deal that has left Mr. Mugabe in control of the police, the spy service, the media and the criminal justice system.
This one was not in that class, but was still a reminder of the supreme virtue of the five-test series.
“A lot of people bought cars, but now we can’t afford gas so we just park them.” Last week, dozens of vibrantly dressed women from Xinlu sat on the side of the highway hawking their excess tea.
Half the time, the speaker (who may be reading from a teleprompter or reciting from memory; it isn’t clear which) doesn’t make a strong emotional connection to the material, which includes Lincoln’s Gettysburg Address, Jesus’ Sermon on the Mount and speeches by John F. and Robert F. Kennedy.
“I never imagined it would get like this.” The country’s dire situation has even prompted some privileged Afghans to leave.
“It’s not nice, what’s happening, especially because I have a strong belief in ethics.” If anything, she said, the photographs were meant as a denunciation of the church in Africa, and the morals imposed by the church and its missions onto the local population, destabilizing long-held traditions.
As for the question of Mr. Beck’s intentions, “He might just be trying to sell books, but there are much simpler ways to sell books,” said Ari Rabin-Havt, a vice president at Media Matters, the liberal media monitoring group.
“I told him, ‘Listen, if you have to pay the money, just pay the money,’ ” Blanco said.
He also, as global goalkeepers will testify, hits it with absolutely startling force and precision, from a distance of 40 meters or more.
And, third, you’ve got to have not just the business skills, you’ve got to have the emotional intelligence.
The malfunction caused the elevator’s cab door to open, and the boys were able to manually open the outer door opening onto the 10th floor, the Buildings Department’s report said.
The same month, a former South Ossetian defense minister who is a political rival of Mr. Kokoity’s, Anatoly Barankevich, told the Russian daily newspaper Kommersant that local officials had diverted 3,200 tons of cement and nearly 200,000 square feet of glass intended to repair citizens’ homes before winter.
The commander of a 10-man local militia, he would bribe a sentry, throw a mattress over the barbed-wire fence, and clamber in and out, arms loaded with weapons, for two hours until the next sentry arrived.
Every phone call — and what he planned to talk about — had to be approved in advance.
PAGE D1 NOT TYPICAL SKI LIFTS Powder Mountain is the largest ski resort in Utah and a tad old-school and underdeveloped, with only four chairlifts to serve its ample supply of alpine bowls.
Black, uncertain that Huber would play again, chose to form a new partnership with the Australian Rennae Stubbs and stayed with Stubbs in 2006.
In 1901, Nikola Tesla began work on a global system of giant towers meant to relay through the air not only news, stock reports and even pictures but also, unbeknown to investors such as J. Pierpont Morgan, free electricity for one and all.
He also recommends previously owned properties in well-established areas over ones in new developments.
Since last winter’s more isolated cases, the expectation that the virus would return with a vengeance has posed a test of the Obama administration.
But the Berlinger-Cioffi coincidences border on the uncanny.
Chief Carter has won the confidence of city leaders and police officers on the beat with his plans to expand the police force and heighten its presence.
There are just the first skeletal signs of Santiago Calatrava’s magnificent transportation hub.
in regard to paying back its loans to the federal government.
The decision was sudden enough that ABC does not have a plan in place to replace Ms. Sawyer, who is 63, on “Good Morning America,” which is by far the most profitable program in the news division and where she is the biggest attraction for viewers.
Elizabeth Weaver scored 14 points to lead the Chanticleers (2-1).
“And he said, ‘You’ll see me on the news soon.’ ”
In 2001, she worked full time on Mr. Bloomberg’s mayoral run, and received a post-election bonus of $100,000.
The win put Baylor a victory from clinching an automatic berth to the N.C.A.A.
Clarkson fell on top of Reitz, ending the fight.
In Rick Riordan’s universe, Greek mythology is alive and well — in Central Park, the alleys of Los Angeles, the peak of Mount Tamalpais in California, the strawberry fields of Long Island.
A. Pier 76, at the end of West 36th Street, now houses towed cars and Midtown Manhattan’s police horses, but it was once a freighter pier for the United States Lines.
“I’ve had many calls from white Masons to say they cannot understand why things are this way.” Mr. Marshall’s Masonic brethren have struggled to shield him from the ugly battle, a gesture he appreciates.
This is a woman who has a rip-roaring fight with her parents over spraying herbicides — because of the violets — and worries about “nature deficit disorder.” Not that we can summon much attention for yet another three-word problem, but I sympathize with her point that children spend more time cooped up than chickens.
But the plan to build a 44-room hotel, for which construction is tentatively scheduled to begin in the spring, salts local wounds.
$4 and $7; members, teachers of kindergarten through 12th grade and children 18 and under, free; Tuesdays, free.
“Man, there are a lot of pigeons on this campus.