She takes up her station on the treadmill because, she said: ''You need something to do.
New Director at L'Ecole On the heels of the appointment of Jacques Pepin as dean of studies at the French Culinary Institute comes the appointment of Roger Dagorn as director of the school's restaurant, L'Ecole, which is at the school, 462 Broadway (Grand Street).
They waited for the ball to come to them.
But Michael Heny, assistant chief of the House Finance Office, said there was no such fund.
''We're not an overpowering team with a bunch of superstars and big guys.
''One is going to see very considerable changes in a five-year period,'' he said.
Fitch spent the first three weeks of training camp concentrating on fundamentals before he added many offensive plays.
It would encourage the planting of new trees, which take in carbon dioxide and give off oxygen, by authorizing the sale of government bonds for reforestation and by requiring developers to plant trees in return for approval of their projects.
''We share the same customer-oriented marketing philosophy, and both attach great importance to a quality product,'' Otto Loepfe, Swissair's president, said in the statement.
Negotiations Were Under Way The family of Mr. Diniz, the supermarket executive, was negotiating payment of $5 million ransom when police closed in on the house in Sao Paulo where he was held.
And diplomats say real progress must await fuller agreement between Moscow and Beijing on the region's future.
For wiping (or streaking), use a dry paintbrush, a wad of cloth, a pad of coarse steel wool or a combination of two of these.
Temple Holdings Ltd. said it planned a proxy fight for control of the board of Sea Containers Ltd. Temple has offered to acquire Sea Containers for $63 a share in cash, or $1.03 billion, but the Bermuda-based ferry and cargo concern has rejected the offer as inadequate.
With a couple of critical performers slumping at the plate and only the rare starter able to last late into a game, the Blue Jays nonetheless survived a week of almost unbroken tension.
There are similar bonuses for billboards and posters, as well as residuals for television work.
Mr. Carroll said that when the oil-drilling business hit bottom in 1986, it was operating at 26 percent of capacity and prices were almost 50 percent below 1981.
Becker, defending champion from West Germany, is in a group with the Americans Andre Agassi and Brad Gilbert.
The Denver Post, quoting sources, said today that the Denver Nuggets have been sold to a group of Chicago investors for $65 million, but the team owner, Sidney Shlenker, said merely that negotiations were under way.
Lincoln was the first American college to educate African students, and its many African alumni include Kwame Nkrumah, the first Prime Minister and President of Ghana, and Nnamdi Azikiwe, the first President of Nigeria.
But the public taste and admiration for him is extraordinarily fickle.
Maybe if I can find fair white people, maybe if I can find fair Hispanic people, maybe I'll change my mind.''
Ms. Stewart was locked in the building for three or four hours, the police said.
In this country this love has been transposed to wooden bracelets and earrings ornamented in colorful pharaonic designs, she said.
He concluded that ''there should be a fairer distribution of kidney transplants.''
''That is not good at a time when we have many fundamental issues to be resolved and the two countries are sort of drifting apart,'' he said.
Everyone with nerve, that is.
Both Hialeah and Gulfstream bid for the splashy day of year-end championship races.
And policyholders would still have to pay the state surcharges, at least for the time being.
Most incidents took place between 7 and 10 P.M. on weekends with six on Saturdays, three on Fridays and one on a Sunday, in both directions on a six-mile stretch of Route 280 between milepost 9 in West Orange and milepost 16 in Kearny, Sergeant Goble said.
Only immediate family members will be allowed to leave their home compounds, and only under guard.
He established the award in 1914 to be presented annually to the black American who has ''made the highest achievement during the preceding year or years, in any honorable field of human endeavor.''
How Cold They Get ''We don't have the dollars to continue the legal battle,'' said Mayor C. B. Jensen, ''but in our hearts we still believe we are the icebox of the nation.''
On Sept. 28, the Linda Cathcart Gallery, a new venture for the former director of the Contemporary Arts Museum in Houston, will open its doors at 924 Colorado Avenue, Santa Monica, in a large, single-story building that already houses five other galleries, including Blum Helman and Fred Hoffman.
Balance Sheets Are Secret ''The institute never publishes its balance sheets,'' complained a Vatican official.
Once his press secretary warned him to say nothing at all about an especially intricate diplomatic crisis.
Michelangelo, or maybe even Martin Luther, might have been among the young men inspired by news of Columbus's discoveries.
A spokesman for the Army declined to comment until attorneys for the military and the Justice Department had had time to review today's ruling.
Tracking Noriega's Wealth A Justice Department spokesman, David Runkel, said agents from the Drug Enforcement Administration and other Federal agencies had gone to Panama to search through documents seized in General Noriega's office to learn the extent of the deposed leader's wealth from drug-trafficking.
But today the 6-foot-7-inch, 255-pound tight end will step out of the dream and into reality when he reports to the Wilkinson Athletic Dormitory with the other Oklahoma University freshmen in a ritual that signals the beginning of a new college season.
In a bid to defuse trade tensions, United States and European Community officials tried last week to set up a secret meeting in Bermuda, European diplomats and American officials said today.
Cedric had failed his high school equivalency test once, so Mr. Plafker enrolled him in a state program that paid Cedric $3.35 an hour to study.
''I keep thinking maybe it will register and sink in,'' she said.
Among them are Blockbuster, with 665 units; West Coast Video, with 700 outlets; the Almi Group, with 800, and Erol's Video Club, with 180 stores.
Calling Mr. Bush's proposals a ''turning point'' in economic relations with the United States, Zdzislaw Pakula, the central bank's head, said in an interview on Friday that Poland would seek early relief within the Paris Club, a group of creditor governments.
This universe consists of what could be learned about human activity (civil history) or discovered about the nature of plants, animals and minerals (natural history).
Tom Russell is to lead his country band tomorrow at 11 P.M. at Delta 88, 332 Eighth Avenue, at 26th Street (924-3499).
The only times the Jets crossed midfield were when they were chasing the New England punter.
''When I told my priest about it, he almost fell over laughing.''
The proposal calls for Israeli and Egyptian officials to sit down with Americans and draw up a list of Palestinians who would be acceptable to all parties for negotiations with Israel.
Not only are those brick houses with a hot-water baseboard heating system extraordinarily plain on the outside, but they are also quite small by most contemporary home-building standards on the inside.
But, she said, they have a special power to tell the human stories of the Holocaust and will provide visitors with ''avenues into the experience.''
Her mother, Elaine D. Frumer, is the president of Attic Press Discoveries, a New York and London concern that reprints of old books.
That has taken much of the incentive away from the United States and other Western countries to develop their own new sources of energy.
Here are the names of surviving passengers of the crash of a United Airlines' DC-10 near Sioux City, Iowa, on Wednesday.
The only notable exception is the Americans with Disabilities Act, and on that the President and the Attorney General have played a very constructive role in demonstrating strong leadership.''
They commiserated with him in that this illness would take him out of contention in one of the most important competitions of the year.
If Mr. Lewin's question is whether or not academic honesty and integrity require the correction of figures that were invented by the now-discredited Polish Communists to equalize the sufferings of Jews with others, my answer, contrary to his, is yes.
Participation of at least half of Hungary's 7.8 million voters was required to make the referendum valid.
Not coincidentally, it comes at a time when the Democrats are being criticized for meager legislative accomplishments.
Do big projects drain money away from small laboratories?
The counts with which he was charged included conspiracy, mail fraud and illegal conveyance of classified documents.
Difficulty Finding Bands Now his only problem, adds Mr. Burby, is finding enough country artists to fill the demand.
Over two years, the drug program calls for no reduction at all in the number of people reporting weekly or more frequent cocaine use, but rather only cutting its rate of increase by half.
The Jets said they protected everyone on their roster.
Anna Milder, the Leonore of both versions, had to put her foot down about the big aria; she declared that she would not sing the awkward early version again, and Beethoven improved it immeasurably (though it is still anything but easy!).
Americans traditionally cut off the roe and eat only the white muscle.
The human drama of AIDS is always associated with incredible suffering.
Beyond the color-coordinated cream-and-green rides and arcades is a manmade lake, where paddle boats and rowboats can be rented and cruises are offered on two miniature Mississippi River-style sternwheelers.
In particular, with relevance to the attack by inner-city youths on a woman personifying affluence, he sees ''a lot of class-based anger'' being incited by the commercials that ''encourage a psychopathic world view; they tell you that you have a right to all these things.''
''A Russian Picasso,'' several Western and Soviet visitors to the show said of his range.
Many people may have several accounts or C.D.
Name: The Royal and Pontifical University of New Spain, holding charters from the Vatican and Emperor Charles V, and open only to full-blooded Spaniards.
Mr. Tower, in a hearing on his nomination, said that he has severed all ties to Pentagon contractors and is prepared to scale back military programs.
If the venturesome are held back for the slowest, nothing will move.
Trade names vanish with old cliches; as locomotives pull out of our lives, so do expressions like all fired up, get up a head of steam, let off steam; a friendly put 'er there changes to gimme five, and mazuma becomes bread.
The superpowers can also help the experiment in limited democracy unfold in a climate free of external ideological tensions.
He was stunned when he watched the draft on television and failed to see his name plucked as round after round went by.
conspiracies that later turned out to exist, the cult of ecstasy and long car rides - in short, everything that Mr. Ginsberg had worked so hard to express, except the charming ruefulness and comic self-consciousness - was suddenly the key to history.
For the record, Mr. Skovran's resume notes that he is a Yale graduate with a degree in English and four years as defensive back for the Yale Bulldogs.
The Mayor's proposed cutback would reduce the number of street sweepers on the payroll to 360 from its 1986 level of 1,382.
In spring training, Buck Rodgers, manager of the Montreal Expos, boasted that his team had as good a corps of starting pitchers as the Mets.
In extreme instances, it could seem that a performer had begun his encore period an hour or so too soon.
Suddenly their fondness for painting, now in acrylics on canvas, is landing them squarely in the lap of the international art world, for which they are adapting their grand creation myths, maps of the land and ceremonial symbols to the West's easel- painting tradition.
Mr. Helprin's Odette is not the swan maiden of Tchaikovsky's ballet, either.
A hawk circles with a snake in its talons.
Posole Preparation time: 35 minutes Cooking time: At least 6 hours 2 cups dried posole corn (see note) 4 dried ancho chilies, or 3 tablespoons medium-hot red chili powder (see note) 1 pound lean pork, cut in cubes 1 pig's foot, split, or 1 pound pork ribs 1 medium-size onion, peeled and chopped 1 clove garlic, peeled and mashed Salt to taste 2 tablespoons dried oregano For garnish (optional): 1 tablespoon finely chopped green chili pepper 1 tablespoon finely chopped scallions 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh green coriander 1 tablespoon white-wine vinegar.
It does not always work quickly.
To Dr. Wolpoff the cultural similarities strongly suggest that the Neanderthals and early modern humans were no more than different races of the same species and interbred to produce the line of fully modern Homo sapiens.
In the replay the Brazilians reached the better contract of six clubs, which makes whenever the suit divides 3-3 or an honor falls in the first two rounds.
Expression of Confidence Flanked by his attorneys at a news conference this afternoon, Mr. Wright refused to discuss the possibility of defeat on the legal points next week, which many Democrats say could doom the Texas Democrat.
''That person may be at the job site every day,'' Dr. Lorenz said, ''but his attention is elsewhere, so you have a loss of productivity, which is a cost to the employer.''
Mr. Etess's efforts led to bookings of some of the biggest Mike Tyson heavyweight championship fights.
This has never been possible because the East insists that a treaty must validate partition, and the West refuses.
In the face of slow sales and a keenly competitive market for the most powerful computer work stations, Ardent Computer Inc. and Stellar Computer Inc., will announce merger plans today, company executives said.
Mr. Gorbachev's seriousness cannot be in doubt.
''The best example here,'' he says, ''is the famous opening - 'It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.'
Theirs is the first generation with Down's syndrome to have the chance.
While scores of suspects have been arrested and drugs and weapons seized, other residents have been evicted simply because they lived in the buildings when the Government sealed them.
The discount rate has not reached 7 percent since April 1986.
On other nights, in other places, awe-inspiring sights included poison green pillboxes dripping silk grapes, high-crowned Mad Hatter looks, crimson cowboy hats, floppy tams, and a fake pony-skin toque worn by a woman who knew a bargain when she saw one.
Also stalled in Parliament is an effort to require the use of prepaid magnetic cards, rather than cash, in the pachinko machines.
The full-season cost of an offshore canyon report from Hatteras to Cape Cod mailed twice a week is $105.
''We do have a lot of skunks as far as our assets go,'' said Lamar C. Kelly Jr. director of the asset and real estate management division at the trust corporation.
(Both, of course, is the answer.)
Administration officials, though, do not seem to feel that the events of the last week require a radical rethinking of their approach to El Salvador.
''Having my own theater is the only way I can indulge in the enjoyment of movies as they were meant to be enjoyed,'' said Mr. Kalomirakis, who emigrated from Greece 15 years ago to continue a career in film production.
It explains in part why despite the mounting pessimism about Mr. Gorbachev's prospects for success, no one in the Administration is prepared to argue that there is no use doing any serious business with the Soviet leader in areas like arms control and resolving regional conflicts.
For a country about to enjoy what could be its first prolonged period of peace in many decades, Vietnam today displays little sense of celebration.
The performance by the 25-year-old quartet is to feature Haydn's Quartet in D (Op.
After attending a space agency affair last year, Mr. Reagan was asked whether he had ever thought of going into outer space himself.
Mitch Richmond had 23 points for the Warriors.
The report, which was released after the close of trading, estimated the 1989 corn crop at 7.45 billion bushels, up 2 percent from last month's projection and 51 percent higher than the drought-shriveled 1988 crop.
Even a theory that has been empirically supported as often as Einstein's theory of relativity remains forever a theory.
Only government vigilance can give them that time.
Legalization might take the fun out of it for some players, whose motives for gambling are escapist and whose escape is spiced by the naughtiness of doing something a little bit illegal.
By 9 P.M. we had navigated Fraser Canyon.
(When Ms. Collings ventures into clear plastic, things get garish.)
Analysts estimate the company has lost more than $60 million on the strike, a figure some anaylsts say would take decades to recoup with concessions.
Because of the immigration patterns, Dr. Singamsetti said, ''most of us who were drawn here are professionals.''
Administration officials said they thought Mexico would have an immediate need for funds to tide it over the several months that are expected to be needed to complete the details of the loan agreement with the banks.
enthusiasts concede the crux of Sir James's argument: that the individual B.A.T.
de Klerk, who has said the black majority could have a role in politics in five years.
The Congressional report is damning in its condemnation of these experiments - which it concludes may have been the result of innocence or of the ''atomic hubris that accompanied the making of the first nuclear bombs.''
Another caretaker couple, Mike and Sandy Coulter, remained at Big River Lake Lodge nearly 30 miles north of the volcano.
ABC's most promising development of the season was the introduction of ''Roseanne,'' the most successful new series since NBC introduced the ''Cosby Show'' five years ago.
Rustic furniture gained popularity in Europe in the 18th century during the rise of the great landscape gardens, according to Craig Gilborn, author of ''Adirondack Furniture and the Rustic Tradition.''
Mr. Wright said today that he did not believe he had done anything wrong, but he noted, as he has frequently, ''I haven't paid much attention to my finances over the past 35 years.''
We fill our tanks, and cold water once again flows in the veins of our building.
The due that Miss Abbott so deserves has finally arrived, in the form of a 182-print retrospective exhibition at the New York Public Library.
* Duome & Associates, a financial public relations firm, and Mannensha International, a Japan-based ad agency, have formed Duome/Manneninter, which will specialize in public relations and advertising in the U.S., Europe and East Asia.
Some of them may not even be available to be interviewed until after the Super Bowl on Jan. 28.
It is also in an absolute faith in painting that artists like Mitchell, Jaffe and Biala share and many younger artists in the United States and France have challenged.
In an attempt to play off this historic background and cater to those jewelry merchants still doing business in the area, a Manhattan development company, Williamson, Picket, Gross Inc., is converting a former Consolidated Edison records warehouse at 157 Hester Street at the corner of Elizabeth Street into a jewelry exchange topped by 81 condominium apartments.
But I have the kryptonite to beat him.''
In the morning, at the completion of their tours, they brief the residents coming on duty on the patients and their problems.
Victims of Rock-Throwing Tommy Lann, a 42-year-old immigrant from Australia who moved to Efrat when it was established in 1983, carries the proof of his most recent attack in a plastic shopping bag.
Macrophages, or scavenger cells, ''graze'' on the fibrin coated implant, producing peroxide and other destructive forms of oxygen.
A More Aggressive Approach The total amount of corporate gift support to public and private institutions in 1986-87 was $1.6 billion.
(Suddenly Adam is in his own carton-filled apartment.
The United States, like the other countries, has come to see the world banking system as a large if usually unwitting culprit in illicit drug trade because of the way banks can be used to camouflage the flow of drug money.
Harold Prince Theater, Annenberg Center, Philadelphia.
During the trial the defendants, who were unrepresented, entered pleas of not guilty, but refused to participate in the proceedings.
Placed Nickerson on injured reserve.
You go everywhere you can.
This habit had some large-scale results.
She said there were four goals of the law.
Bob Roberts empties Matisse's ''Red Studio'' by putting a selection of the patterned elements from the painting on a glass vase and sitting it in front of a large red empty square.
Strong Year for Absolut In 1988, while the liquor industry as a whole experienced a sales decline of about 3 percent and total vodka sales increased by only 1 percent, sales of Absolut were up 34 percent, Mr. Walters said.
Mindful of last year's incidents, however, the university and the clubs reached agreement.
As a result, he said, he has ''spent a lot more time on my knees'' praying.
He orders oatmeal and apologizes for meeting in Williamstown, but North Adams diners don't serve brunch.
Guy Boyle, president and chief executive of Brintec, is leaving the company, Mr. Schell said, but much of the Brintec management will stay in place.
He coached the Flint Spirits of the International Hockey League for two seasons before leading the New Haven Nighthawks to a fourth-place finish with a 35-35-10 record in the American Hockey League last season.
At Criterion Center, Broadway at 45th Street, and other theaters.
The potential for such complications have made many people uneasy about using the liver or pancreas because there are no backups.
The changes here - and in places like Ethiopia, which is beginning to allow unlimited private investment in trade, industry and agriculture -come as the Soviet Union is losing its hold.
(In substitution, in an attempt to open up the play, the actor rushes off to the son's school wearing outrageous flip-flopping bunny slippers.)
The flattening of the yield curve was also underscored when the 8 5/8 percent notes of 1994 jumped 31/32, to 100 28/32, causing the yield to slide to 8.40 percent, from 8.69 percent a week ago.
The six-month study was requested of the Federal City Council by Andrew E. Jenkins 3d, the District's Superintendent.
Until last week Mr. Jobs had said that his computer would be sold only to universities and matriculated students.
Robert P. Fasano succeeds him as president and chief executive.
Two days ago Morton Mint, the president and publisher of Penguin Canada, was named to the new position of chief executive of Penguin USA.
''It would cost too much to reverse them.''
In contrast, though with commensurate success, Barry Kyle's production of ''Dr.
He weeded, watered, deadheaded, clipped, trimmed and staked.
Justice John Paul Stevens withdrew from an Illinois abortion case, scheduled for argument next month.
Saying he would accept evidence about actual previous disturbances and how the authorities had responded but not about officials' contingency plans to deal with them, the judge had already sharply limited the documents and witnesses that Mr. Lozano's attorney, Roy Black, had sought to introduce at the hearing.
''Why get rid of him when we have pressing problems elsewhere?''
It was another Democratic leadership aide, not Mr. Wright's press secretary, who said it was unfair that ''people have been laying it all at the foot of the Speaker.''
The testimony came in the trial of three of the four men charged with the killing of the officer, Edward Byrne, 22 years old, as he sat alone in a patrol car guarding the South Jamaica home of a drug-case witness early on the morning of Feb. 26, 1988.
''The game is more intense now, but the players are prepared for it,'' Wade said.
The play, ''In Lambeth,'' written and directed by Jack Shepard, dealt with a meeting between William Blake and Tom Paine, after Paine had helped foment the American Revolution.
Rebuffed in his effort to use campaign funds for inaugural expenses, Mayor-elect David N. Dinkins will ask big contributors for up to $250,000 for an inaugural party for 6,000 to 8,000 people.
But the Moses vision was more technological than populist.
American military support for the contras ended in February 1988, but the United States has continued to provide other kinds of assistance, most recently in a bipartisan agreement that provided $50 million last spring.
The third-quarter play was executed perfectly.
Federal law-enforcement officials have told Congress that Colombian drug leaders might try to extend their retaliation to the United States and that there was no guarantee they could be thwarted.
''The difficulty with this legislation is no longer philosophical, it's practical,'' said Roberts T. Jones, the Assistant Secretary of Labor in charge of Employment and Training Administration.
Mr. Petrini started gathering support for Slow Food in Bra, a town in the Piedmont region of Italy, only about six months ago.
When the Senate takes up the measure, California's two senators, Alan Cranston, a Democrat, and Pete Wilson, a Republican, are planning to offer an amendment to increase the Small Business Administration's loan authority by $1.8 billion.
The number of rigs exploring for oil continued an upward climb last week, increasing by 15, to a total of 810, Baker Hughes Inc. reported today.
A reporter asks, ''What do you hope to accomplish by the intifada?''
The syndrome is spreading as more of the United States turns to suburbs distinguishable only by their zip codes, with the same (fast) food and (mall) clothes, the same (movie and television) culture, the same sense of rootlessness and unnamed loss.
Frank J. DeFrancis, a prominent Washington lawyer who became a Maryland government official and a giant in the state's horse-racing industry, died of heart failure Friday at the Miami Heart Institute in Florida.
A series of successful campaigns followed, bringing him election as the Lewis and Clark County Attorney in 1944, election to the Montana Supreme Court in 1952, and election to the first of three terms as State Attorney General in 1956 and finally to the governorship.
With the outfield drawn in, Duncan hit a fly ball to center field that bounced over the wall.
The buyout of the UAL Corporation has taken an important step forward with the overwhelming vote by its pilots to commit $200 million from their pension fund, but the machinists' union, which is opposed to the deal, asked the Labor Department yesterday to examine the transaction to determine whether it is fair.
The victim was identified as Friedrich Steven Rosenfeld, an immigrant from the United States.
A16 Students would be tested for drug use if they participate in interscholastic activities at a high school near Chicago.
No - I do even better.
Kelly McCormick, who won a bronze medal at the Olympics, and another Olympian, Mark Bradshaw, lead a field of 47 divers at the festival, which runs through July 30.
Donald Margulies's new play, ''The Loman Family Picnic'' at Manhattan Theater Club's Stage II, is a catalogue of cliches about middle-class Jewish family life.
In the view of most industry analysts, the machinists can maintain picket lines and keep pilots and flight attendants from returning to work, but they are likely to win few concessions from the airline.
''Somebody was trying to mug him and he stood up for America.
Oliva had been signed by the Senators (before they became the Twins) and left home in Pinar del Rio, Cuba, without knowing a word of English.
New construction and even furniture can be haunted as well as people.
's Management Council in a letter Monday of its intention to seek decertification as a union.
''I found the missing piece of my puzzle,'' Mrs. Sando said.
The farther the frontiers of American settlement are pushed into inhospitable areas like this one, the greater the challenge to developers.
It may calm symptoms en route to the emergency room and ''it dramatically reduces mental wear and tear,'' says Dr. Yunginger.
It was neither a recorded nor voice vote but was taken by having members stand.
Party members are disciplined and will vote for us.
At the same time, South Africa said it was ending aid to Unita as part of a regional peace accord.
Mr. Pickens sued to get access to Koito's tax returns, but a Japanese court ruled on Friday that the company was not required to disclose them.
Maturity Days Unchanged Money managers reported that the average number of days to maturity of securities held in their portfolios was unchanged at 34.
For days now, Jim Wright has been answering charges not yet made by the House Ethics Committee.
One could imagine the characters in all three plays sitting down with the latest issue of Boomer to see how the other fellow got there first, if indeed he did.
The Sooners, the league champions, will play last-place Colorado in the first round of the Big Eight tournament Friday.
For the quarter ended May 28, National reported net income of $77.1 million, or 73 cents a share, more than three times the $22.4 million, or 18 cents a share, it reported in the comparable period a year ago.
Children stepped to the microphone and confronted their parents.
New Jersey plays two of the National Basketball Association's top teams on the road next: Detroit Wednesday night and Cleveland Saturday night.
Mr. Najibullah was the head of the Afghan secret police for six years.
''I want to be independent, free to express my ideas.
They include contracts with Coca-Cola to do advertisements, commercials and personal appearances; IBM to head an in-house incentive program, Mitsubishi to promote video products, M.C.A.
Then it happened, and I almost plunged through the window with excitement.
''All the things we could have said about Dinkins,'' he said, ''we didn't say, because we want to be in a good position to win the general election and beat Giuliani.''
Then, military leaders had to restore respect for the uniform after a war for which they took an unfair public pounding.
''You can't sell very much abroad without switching to production overseas,'' said Michael Plumley, chief executive of the Plumley Companies, an auto-parts maker in Paris, Tenn. Like other small-company executives, Mr. Plumley contends that operating overseas is essential to stay competitive in the domestic market.
So we take no position on it.
RESPONSE PLANS Eerie Similarity to a Drill The emergency response unfolded according to a scenario practiced two months ago in a drill that even addressed problems of a crowded sporting event.
Then they retrieved their shakers, decorated cans filled with beans, popcorn kernels, berries or birdseed.
Many of its elements would turn up again in future encounters.
''Actually it's easier to train her than anybody else because she listens if I yell at her, and she can take the heat.
He is survived by his wife, Agnes; four sons, Joseph, Daniel and John, all of Boulder, Colo., and Mark, of Union, N.J.; three daughters, Patricia Spirko of West Milford, N.J., Beth Hengemuhle of Mays Landing, N.J., and Jeanne Hengemuhle of Westwood; his mother, Nora, of Miami; two sisters, Ann Hoey of Miami and Mary Thomson of South Amboy, N.J., and a brother, William, of Ambler, Pa.
Results are in Canadian dollars.
They were to take part in a national tournament in Suriname.
One of Fontes's first moves during the off season was to take a long look at the Lions' predictable offense, which for years had featured a lackluster running attack.
Velasquez Gains 6,000th Jorge Velasquez scored his 6,000th career victory in the third race yesterday at Arlington Park.
The first person retried and resentenced to death was Richard Biegenwald, last January.
The recent political turmoil, which occurred mainly in the cities, will probably not have a direct effect on peasants, who tend to be scattered across a vast amount of land, specialists say.
He questioned how the company would operate with union leaders who, he said, dislike each other so much that they cannot stand to be in the same room.
''How much for intellectual status?''
After the failure of the Panama coup, Administration officials acknowledged that the inner circle was prisoner to its own expertise.
The rules must be communicated clearly.
QUESTION: If Ferguson Jenkins had not missed out on being voted into the Baseball Hall of Fame last month, would he have been the first black pitcher enshrined?
Stockholders approved an increase in authorized shares of common stock to 540 million, enabling the company to complete a 2-for-1 stock split.
In Nigeria, sub-Saharan Africa's first major debt-conversion program has provoked a sharp surge of investor interest, according to figures released today at the African Development Bank.
A coalition of civil rights organizations sued Connecticut today, challenging its racially imbalanced school districts as violating Connecticut's Constitution.
Ms. Arnson thus attributes the erosion of any serious opposition to the El Salvador aid program to the fact that ''the administration incorporated congressional concerns over human rights, social reform, and a political solution to the conflict into a revised policy.''
Damn it, it's an exceptionally lifelike specimen.
It is dedicated to Lord Ganesha, who has an elephant's head and is a remover of obstacles, a giver of wisdom.
It would not be unreasonable, therefore, if a neophyte reader of Tony Hillerman's fiction concluded that the author intended to plunge headlong into this painful question.
If, for example, the excise tax were raised by about 20 cents, the G.A.O.
''Today, women are not going to take chances on higher office unless there's a good chance of winning.''
''Natural resources are not infinite.''
It has been apparent to appliance makers for some time that the only way out of the squeeze was to go global.
In remarks to reporters this morining and in a speech later at the National Press Club, Mr. Foley described Mr. Bush's proposal as ''misguided and unfortunate.''
Whether she will be successful at other lucrative endeavors, like endorsing commercial products, remains to be seen.
In the second half, the Bears passed only seven times, and they ran the ball well enough to keep possession.
But in 1984 Congress forced it to revise its procedures.
A little boy, who copes with his estrangement from his parents by writing hundreds of lengthy letters to an aunt he has never met; a train engineer, injured in a railroad accident, who spends what may be his last moments alive reliving his dreary romance with a spinster he doesn't really like; a racing announcer, who dwells on the loss of his girlfriend to another man: each of these individuals is forced to come to terms with the deficiencies in their lives.
Bulls Island is the only island in the refuge served by public boat, but all the islands are open year round from sunrise to sunset (the exceptions are Bird Island and Marsh Island in Bulls Bay, which are closed during nesting season).
He also underwrote the establishment of Ethiopian synagogues in Israel to accommodate Jews who have relocated there from the African country.
We are a confident and optimistic people, and in our approach to international affairs we tend to focus on the challenges of the moment and pay little heed to the long run.''
Or perhaps they've changed their perspective in the last three years; Mr. Jagger's last solo album, ''Primitive Cool,'' suffered from the same kind of single-minded earnestness as ''Steel Wheels.''
He said that British Home Stores ''has a long history, but in recent years it has not done well,'' adding, ''so it is also a turnaround opportunity, which I find exciting.''
in an utterly commanding way.
But her embarrassment was evident.
Gordon Mehler, an assistant United States attorney, said that as part of the plea agreement, the Government would ask for dismissal of the remaining seven counts in the indictment.
Debt * CIT Group Holdings, a Manufacturers Hanover unit, is offering $150 million of 10.20 percent noncallable notes due in 1991 at 99.90 to yield 10.25 percent through Merrill Lynch Capital Markets.
There is also a tango, some simplistic jazz, an unclassifiable movement from a new work by Terry Riley, a brief Scandinavian work for chorus and string quartet and a dose of the downtown improvisational post-modernism of John Zorn.
Mr. Kucej said Mr. Burns told him that the money was needed in Washington by the Republican National Committee ''for funds to elect the President.''
It may also complicate the formation and operations of the commission's military wing, a group of armed international observers that is to receive and store arms surrendered by demobilized contra troops.
At one point, workers for Borough President David N. Dinkins of Manhattan, a Democratic mayoral candidate, sent out about 600 ''personal'' letters to potential $500 contributors reminding them that they could give up to $3,000.
Earlier this summer, Quantico was selected as the preferred site with the concurrence of the Defense Department, which has jurisdiction over military real estate.
To the Editor: In a revealing sentence near the end, Richard Bernstein presents what may be the central and fundamentally flawed point of his article.
''In Miami, it has gotten to the point where you find Nicaraguan bankers, lawyers, radio announcers or whatever,'' said Adolfo Calero, the contra rebel leader and himself a Miami resident.
Mother's arms Where, before he drew the map, Mr. Burton assured California's members of Congress, one by one, they would be.
But he'd slopped hogs and chopped cotton, and he'd put in his time on the back porches of Oklahoma farmhouses, and he knew how people talked and thought there.
The Chaumet jewelry show at the 57th Street shop includes 20 necklaces, bracelets and brooches dating from 1805 to about 1880.
Ms. Borgstrom said, if approved, the new building would open in 1992.
The Atlantic City casinos started strong when Resorts International had the field to itself initially.
Do you mind getting into trouble?''
This, however, is one of those rare years.
For the fifth straight day, the 20,000 Arab residents of the ancient market are under curfew, locked in their homes night and day as punishment for the killing of an Israeli soldier a few days earlier.
As long as Duke belongs to the A.C.C.
Investigators said that they did not know what the attackers had used as weapons, but that the wounds are minuscule punctures and scrapes that might be made by a needle or pin.
We don't know the sequence of events.''
The Zia Government never published the report, which documented abuses from forced child marriage to brutality against women in prison.
The shares were not yet listed on any stock exchange.
For years, the rules of life for the residents of the Rockwell Gardens public housing project here were decreed by armed young men patrolling the corridors.
For this weekend's championships, Francis said he was hoping for crowds of 2,000 or so, ''if it's a nice day.''
There is a political need for the two sides to show something before they can officially agree on a formula for normalization.''
If you must be in the sun, wear a cap or wide-brimmed hat or use an umbrella.
Kharey Wise Learning Disability And a Temper According to his lawyer, Colin Moore, the 16-year-old youth has had a learning disability since birth and has been in special education classes since he began school.
''Singing is, for me, a combination of notes and visions,'' he told a New York Times interviewer.
The largest number on record for World War II by an American was 75 Japanese soldiers killed by one marine on Iwo Jima in 1945.
They checked one bag each with the helicopter company, which said that it weighed them to be sure that they were under 70 pounds each, the allowance for free baggage set by British Airways.
John W. Keker Prosecutor .
A chartreuse wool and nylon suit for men is $260.
Mr. Courter and Mr. Florio both want to simplify regulations.
Trust executives have also been exploring the possibility of rewriting the rules governing the payments to claimants, so that the trust can at least pay small amounts to some claimants who might otherwise go unrecompensed for years.
Crashed After Refueling Stop The plane involved, a McDonnell Douglas DC-8 operated by Miami-based Arrow Air, crashed during a pre-dawn takeoff after a refueling stop in Gander on Dec. 12, 1985.
This was the lightest volume since 68.87 million shares were traded on July 3.
Petroleum is traded in dollars.
''But this is the first time for me.''
Resentment and Local Elections By that time, Mr. Gorbachev was already setting the tectonic plates of East Europe grinding.
Mike Cooper (Jeff Daniels) is a superintendent, studying to get his electrician's license.
The only difference between a rookie and a rich rookie is that the rich rookie is rich.''
The Adelphia Communications Corporation will acquire Centel Cable's southeast Florida operations, which serve 125,000 subscribers.
On Friday, the Alameda County supervisor, Don Perata, said Oakland's still-undetailed proposal was ''awfully attractive'' and financially sound.
Cathy Carlson, for instance, a 30-year-old technical support specialist at Claris, says that Karen Dunn's examples ''forced me to put myself in the shoes of the customer.
''We're losing market share, especially with the young.''
''You isolate the elements and clear out the unnecessary.
'My goodness, you can't exercise a line-item veto when it comes to these matters: you have to take the package.'
Analysts said investors were disappointed in recent earnings by oil companies.
That plan seeks to slash debt by setting incentives to induce commercial banks to forgive part of their loans.
The case of Procter & Gamble's $125 million chewy cookie is now closed.
The new Constitution abolished the office of Prime Minister in favor of that of State President.
The footage was shown again and again for several days.
''Bitterness is entertained by all,'' the narrator repeats.
I know Langston is one of the top three pitchers in that league.
The kitchen has a flair for risotto (shrimp and primavera are two from the current menu).
This anxiety was compounded by the fact that under Mr. Shultz the State Department professionals as a whole had a great deal of influence over the shaping of policy - too much in the view of some Bush Administration officials.
They faced third down, with 25 yards to go for a first down.
The term bond is rated AAA by both.
But the Superintendent of Schools here was not so sure, and it took a two-week investigation by the Board of Education to set aside the Superintendent's concerns.
She has chosen to overlook the fact that her father was a Nazi collaborator, and has instead invented a fairy-tale childhood for herself in France.
He tallied the number of scripts produced in the 16 months between March 1988, when the walkout began, and the end of 1989 season in June.
The lawyer for the estate, Terrence P. O'Reilly, could not be reached at his office for comment and has an unlisted home telephone.
They have children, and most importantly they care.''
''A benign or neutral report could encourage some buying.''
The marbles disappeared from his speech, and he went out to ride his scooter after instructing me to leave the tooth under his pillow for the Tooth Fairy.
Jose Plutarco Dinamarca, general manager of a company that produces various kinds of berries and other small fruit at La Union in the southern lake country, said he had halted all shipments of fresh fruit, which had gone by air to the United States.
Mr. Sandler and others are urging the Mayor-elect to consider many more management reforms.
The suspect, who was not immediately identified, was shot once in the head on the sixth-floor landing of a stairwell at 390 Sutter Avenue at 6:45 P.M. when he aimed a .357-magnum revolver at the police officers, said Lieut.
This time the room was simple and clean, with a private bath, clean sheets and hot water.
''Then many scholars began to look to the Zulu wars with a view to reinterpreting it.''
''I wasn't allowed in the room, so I don't know how the judges reacted.
The formal benefit starts with cocktails at 7 P.M. and includes a raffle and auction.
''I hope you get a good rest at home,'' she told him solicitously.
Top Hitters in Making Runs On the left, the top 10 hitters for last season in runs-batted-in ratio (number of plate appearances per r.b.i.).
This is a limitation for those with more powerful software or hardware, but the essential principles apply across the board.
Wade Boggs will contest Margo Adams's lawsuit in court rather than try to reach a settlement with the woman with whom he had a four-year extramarital affair, the Boston Red Sox third baseman said yesterday after giving an eight-hour deposition in Tampa, Fla. ''I have no plans to settle, none whatsoever,'' Boggs said.
''Holyfield can look bad; Holyfield can lose.''
* Kidder, Peabody & Co., the investment firm that is a General Electric Company subsidiary, named James Martling senior vice president of municipal finance in its San Francisco office.
''We're very excited,'' he said through an interpreter.
$ Weeks This Last On Week Week List Fiction $1 3 2 MIDNIGHT, by Dean R. Koontz.
Focusing on the survival of women in a man's world, the one-woman show is at 8 P.M. at the Staller Center.
''This is the second major increase in less than a year,'' said Martin Hacker, an accountant who commutes daily from Metuchen to New York.
TITUS: No, her lap got tender.
Mr. Hepburn sold one of his first neon sculptures to Rudi Stern, the neon-light art dealer in Manhattan.
He succeeded Reynolds as the president of the Royal Academy of Arts and held that position for about 25 years.
The best seafood dish sampled was braised red snapper over a thick slice of fennel, which imparted a faint anise flavor to the flesh.
Mr. Gorbachev paid his respects to Mr. Gromyko today in words that were proper but uneffusive.
In comments before the Senate Banking Committee, the chairman, Alan Greenspan, also strongly endorsed the Bush Administration's plan for a savings and loan bailout, which would keep $50 billion of the spending off the deficit accounts.
The Crown American-Hess interest came amid a flurry of other developments yesterday.
'We'll Be Back to Fight' Speculation has already begun about what may happen when the issue resurfaces, probably by spring.
The guests and speakers made up an all-star cast of past and present leaders from Government and national environmental groups; many at the meeting have worked for both.
The program, which is entitled ''Dizzy and Mr. B.
Mr. Icahn declined to comment, but it is difficult to see how he could get around assuming the pension and health-benefit obligations of Eastern if he were to buy it, or how he could afford to pay very much for the airline if he did assume them.
Researchers believe solitons may hold the key to exotic new plastics that conduct electricity, and perhaps also to understanding high-temperature superconductors.
Some members of Congress fear that tritium from the department's sales program could be diverted to making nuclear weapons.
Against the Bears, in the Soldier Field cold, Rice's scoring catches of 61 and 27 yards gave San Francisco a 14-0 lead, and another reception led to a third score.
Every book has an intrinsic impossibility, which its writer discovers as soon as his first excitement dwindles.
Horizontal management involves giving store managers broad responsibility for all aspects of their business, including payroll, the display of individual goods and storewide profit and loss.
Lawyers for the Government and Church of Cyprus brought out the fact that after the theft of the mosaics became known to officials of Cyprus, Mr. Evriviades sent ''hundreds of copies'' of statements and press releases to scholars, museums, journalists and Greek-American organizations throughout the United States to tell them of the loss.
CHARLES B. RANGEL, Chairman, House Select Committee on Narcotics Abuse and Control Washington, June 19, 1989
Released Andre Lloyd and Jim Doughty, linebackers; Steve Dominic and Marion Knight, defensive tackles; Tyrone McCullough, wide receiver; Chris Parker, quarterback; and Chris Richards, running back.
Ms. Strong speaks from experience; her husband has multiple sclerosis, which crippled him professionally as well as physically.
''It would be improper for me to make any comment or render an opinion about matters which are presently pending before the grand jury,'' Douglas L. McCrary, the president of Gulf Power, said in a videotape released to television stations here.
The long compositions, set at an easy stroll, unfolded with wave after wave of singing, with cascades of four-bar guitar figures, and with bursts of intricate, two-part horn lines.
The couple sought help from news organizations, the State Department, the International Red Cross, their Congressman, Representative Gary L. Ackerman, and a relief agency that has worked in Rumania for the last 20 years, the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee.
''You've got it all wrong, Jim!''
''When pitch changes, the position of the breaks vis-a-vis the score shifts.
''When you introduce new housing,'' Mr. Radov said, ''you introduce people downtown who have a real stake in it.
It perches on two slender legs and a curved sheet of steel painted with streaks of red, green, blue and silver.
''We have a jumble of all different styles of architecture on any given block,'' said Mr. Allison, a member of the Fort Greene Landmarks Preservation Committee, referring to the Brooklyn Academy of Music and Fort Greene Historic Districts.
''A person living outdoors isn't already plugged into the health care system,'' Ms. Hombs said.
By that, the officials seem to mean not that the rebels are likely to win the war outright, but that it may take a year or more to secure the condition that Washington and the rebels have set for negotiations - the removal of the 43-year-old Kabul leader, President Najibullah, and of some of his top associates.
The lurch to political extremes in recent local elections, Mr. Kohl said, compelled the ''democratic parties'' to ask in a ''self-critical way whether there is something they have overlooked, something they have assessed incorrectly or something they have neglected.''
hopes to broaden its program to help many more older people re-enter the job market.
Last week, NBC more or less confirmed that Ms. Pauley will leave ''Today'' to become part of a new prime-time news progam next summer.
Sal, a young, muscular man dressed in a red sweatsuit, took the stage on a recent night and belted out ''Under the Boardwalk,'' the old Drifters' chestnut, with a zest the crowd quickly appreciated.
The agent Bernard Samson on the trail of a financial scam within the British secret service.
This seems true whether the couple come across as yuppies or public-service types.
A worksheet in the instructions for this form is used to calculate the credit a taxpayer may claim.
On the other hand, given the mandate of the state to provide for maintenance of the educational, health and criminal-justice system, priorities for financing'' may militate against any upward adjustment.
Some had suggested changing the rules in the middle of this season because it might be won by a Soviet player, technically an N.H.L.
What seems to be missing at the leading designer collections here are the mad showpieces some European designers feel compelled to include in their collections.
Rejected in Earlier Trial In an earlier trial, another Federal judge refused to approve subpoenas for some of Mr. Reagan's papers that were sought by Oliver L. North, a former member of the National Security Council staff who was ultimately convicted of some Iran-contra charges.
But taking advantage of their new freedom, they have been investing money abroad, creating a large capital flight and intensifying the credit shortage.
Included in the year-ago 9 months is a $165 million pretax provision for certain charges and a pretax gain of $28.2 million on the sale of assets.
At a doctor's basement office in Washington Heights, a line of 50 people stretched up the stairs and out onto Broadway.
Because Mr. Tsukamoto was involved in the Recruit scandal, his party could not criticize Mr. Takeshita or many senior party officials who had also received stock shares.
To many, the case of Mr. Watanabe illustrates the point.
They were also considered effective shows of force in world trouble spots.
I've known Maurice since 1948, and I've known Charlie for quite a few years.''
IN 1979, the chamber decided to sell its building and moved to a conventional office building at 200 Madison Avenue, as it merged with the New York City Partnership, an advocacy group involved in housing, education and other issues.
Rodney Monroe scored 37 points for the Wolfpack (15-5).
Indeed, the rallying cry in Baton Rouge this week hasn't been so much ''Beat 'Bama'' as ''Dissolve the Sugar Bowl.''
Four years later, the team made it to Broadway with the revue ''Keep Shufflin.'
If that proposal is approved by the trustees, next year's candidate could be Davis, Grant, George Allen, Blanton Collier, Hank Stram, John Madden, Clark Shaughnessy or Tex Schramm.
''We would like the Government of Israel to know,'' Mr. Shevardnadze said today, ''that once it opts for the conference and agrees to a dialogue with the Palestine Liberation Organization, our countries could take yet another step toward re-establishing full diplomatic relations, and the beginning of the conference would be a starting point for resumed relations.''
The sleeping period is over.''
It is the first of two volumes.
He is now the highest-ranking black city official and has previously been a state legislator, city clerk and Board of Elections president.
he has been aiming for pan-Caribbean party music.
The company says its acquisition of Godot Manufacturing, a maker of refabricated panels for building exteriors, and Paoli Construction, an installer of panels, turned sour after United Building invested $1.3 million to make the companies more efficient.
As Mayor, Mr. Barry has presided over a renaissance in the city, a period of economic growth and commercial development that has transformed the downtown area.
''She basically did traditional Washington legal work, which included some phone calls but also research of a technical and legal nature.''
Dr. Shenker's predecessor, Dr. Richard Ruopp, emphasized adapting new technologies and computer programs to the classroom.
The total is always greater than the number of actual seats because no-show passengers usually absorb the excess.
The Coutures now live in Mount Kisco, N.Y.
One reason is that Damian Johnson, a veteran returning from back surgery, and Bob Kratch and Dave Popp, rookie draft choices, are contenders for jobs.
6 Michigan in a Big Ten game.
Richard G. Smolka, a professor of public administration at American University who publishes ''Election Administration Reports,'' a weekly publication for election officials, said that because a computer system would rely heavily on the integrity of the software design and the dependability of the machines and the telephone transmission links that would be required to use them in a national election, the public's perception of their accuracy and accountability was doubtful.
WITH hundreds of prisoners already dead and thousands more infected, New York State has a bigger AIDS epidemic within its criminal justice system than most states have in their entire population.
They play tomorrow from 9 P.M. to 1 A.M.
But there's more to it than that.
Many analysts and diplomats have concluded that the approach pursued by the Bush Administration in the Middle East for the last eight months has nearly run its course.
The move coincides with a round of increases in the prime lending rate of commercial banks.
Add them to a kettle with cold water to cover.
Time was when it was an Islander coach, either the departed Terry Simpson or the incumbent Al Arbour, who made his mute comment on the club's performances this season with a weary hand pressed in frustration to his brow.
The grand jury, citing conflicting testimony by Ms. Coffman, did not indict Mr. Lukens on the more serious charges.
''The central banks intervened three or four times,'' Mr. McCarthy said.
The television footage of the meeting briefly showed a woman sitting behind Mr. Deng who appeared to be his youngest daughter, Deng Rong.
But the damage has already been done.
* The financial markets liked the numbers coming from Washington's statisticians that showed a slowing economy.
Across the city, workers searched out television screens.
As much as I enjoyed every minute of ''Jerome Robbins's Broadway,'' I am certain that the quality of his ballets, such as ''Fancy Free,'' ''Afternoon of a Faun,'' ''Dances at a Gathering'' and ''Glass Pieces'' (to name a few created during the same two decades) will have a more secure place in history than these musical numbers.
At the de Young, four marble sculptures by American artists were hurt, including the bust ''California'' by Hiram Power, which lost a chunk of hair.
In Japan, where Nintendo systems are found in 37 percent of households, a communications system offering stock trading information already has 100,000 users, Mr. White added.
TODAY'S COLUMNS The moment of truth on the Administration's budgetary policy is fast approaching, spurred by the sharp increase in the Consumer Price Index.
We live in a forest, and we need to learn to evaluate what the forest does for us.''
A SUMMARY OF THE VALDEZ PRINCIPES Protection of the Biosphere: Signatores will try to eliminate pollutants that damage the air, water or earth.
''There is a relationship between what's happening in the East and the West,'' said Glenn E. Crellin, vice president for economics and research at the National Association of Realtors.
They had been removed from the house for display during the current retrospective of Mr. Nakashima's work at the American Craft Museum in Manhattan.
''I don't have the power to name myself,'' he said.
He succeeds Robert W. Carver, the company's founder, who will remain chairman and assume the new title of vice president for advanced research.
The purpose, said Donny Deutsch, the agency's creative director, is to ''reassert New York magazine's pre-eminence in this market.''
They don't have cafes or university bookstores.
The Times of London recently identified him as Britain's richest marketing executive, with a personal fortune that exceeds that of the Charles Saatchi and Maurice Saatchi.
It was two years before Angka was officially revealed to be the Khmer Rouge; it was a year before a ''new'' government was announced, with Pol Pot as Prime Minister.
All the players except Kastenmeier are Republicans.
But they never managed to get together, and the piece ended with pennies rolling across the floor.
or take any action other than leaving the bench at the opening tip.
He was able to walk seven blocks almost as fast as any pedestrian, testimony to a candidacy that is widely perceived, like that of Mr. Goldin, as a lost cause.
James Lawlor of Fairfield, Iowa, said his idea was to send the Soviet President a huge card ''and have everybody in America sign it.''
Mr. Ruth has served as the chairman of the Business Conduct Committee of the Chicago Board of Trade and was also a governor of the Mercantile Exchange.
While thousands were jubilant in 1980, only several dozen braved unseasonable cold to greet the signers as they gathered for the final session.
For example, the lens system on advanced 35- millimeter cameras developed into the lens system for the video camera.
''At Iowa, for example, our athletic department budget is $13 million, and we're looking for increased revenue.''
In January, the Governor proposed a host of new fees and taxes that would raise the price of goods ranging from batteries to beer.
says, it is a ''leadership thing.''
Stacey McKenzie and David Wood, the work's soloists, might well have been Adam and Eve.
The factions, the Vietnamese-installed Government of Prime Minister Hun Sen and a coalition of three guerrilla groups led by Prince Norodom Sihanouk, ended a two-day meeting that had been intended to resolve their differences and prepare for a major international conference on the future of Cambodia.
Some analysts said that the market might have overreacted, and that a few companies continued to show promise in an age of rapid change in the relationship between the United States and the Soviet Union.
''There is no question from the submissions we pulled that we should have been requiring more specificity about the client's past,'' said Katharine S. Legg, executive deputy commissioner of the Human Resources Administration, which oversees the Medicaid program in New York City, referring to her agency's own review of the Bellevue workers' assertions.
One who turned bullish early in 1988, and has stayed that way, is Richard L. Evans, the director of research at Dow Theory Forecasts, a newsletter based in Hammond, Ind., who now thinks the Dow industial average is likely to rise to at least 2,600.
But on the other hand, he said, ''It is illogical not to weigh the consequences of indecision and inaction on the global environment and our own well-being here in the United States.''
This is reflected in the fact that about 25 of the 440 high school students are nonresidents, paying about $4,000 a year in tuition.
Robert Shrum, a media consultant to the Dinkins campaign, said Mr. Dinkins had a longstanding commitment to speak to young prisoners at Rikers that day.
He repeated that he had done nothing wrong and vowed to appeal both the Federal conviction and his removal from the state payroll.
The three-hour television special, to be sponsored by A.T.&T., will be broadcast this year.
Jury selection begins today in the first Federal racketeering case to result from the Government's three-year investigation of Wall Street fraud.
The dollar rallied strongly enough to bring on some intervention by the West German central bank.
The worst risks were deliberate, resulting from gimmicky loan structures.
''They are going after everybody.''
'' Henrich remembered a game against Johnny Allen, a Cleveland Indians right-hander who had been with the Yankees.
Both markets reacted negatively to what should have been a boon to the fixed-income market.
If you don't take part of it, then you're missing part of the experience.''
''You get a good deal, you come back.''
Curves were widened or eliminated and grade slopes were lowered.
Educators say that commercials exploit a normal teen-age desire for clothes, automobiles and cosmetics and further emphasize the difference between those students who are well-off and can buy the products and those students who are poor.
Venezuela's Orinoco heavy oil belt is potentially one of the world's largest oil fields.
That sealed a 10-7 Eagles victory over the Raiders before 64,019 spectators.
''These guys are dinosaurs,'' says Mr. Frankenheimer, a rangy 59-year-old with a perpetually exasperated expression.
The Soviet Foreign Minister, Eduard A. Shevardnadze, today renewed a proposal for a mutual withdrawal of naval shipping in the Persian Gulf by his country and the United States.
Per share earnings are fully diluted.
The music, from ''Swan Lake,'' is now familiar but when Balanchine turned to it, it had been forgotten as a discarded portion of Tchaikovsky's original ballet score.
Liberty, a former national high-school player of the year, eased the blow for the Illini.
The resolution it approved, 95 to 5, also calls for repealing the raise if it does take effect.
The One Thing That Works ''But the only effective means of controlling speed through a construction zone is to have a state trooper out there with a flashing light,'' Mr. Santaniello said, ''and sometimes even that's not effective.''
There's no way I could do 'The Source' now, doing that kind of research again, working in three different languages I didn't speak.''
You are apparently under the mistaken impression that putting insulation with a vapor barrier under the floor over your crawl space means that you should not have a vapor barrier on the bare ground.
Expressing concern about concentration in the world gold-mining industry, a Federal appeals court yesterday blocked a bid by Minorco to take over Consolidated Gold Fields.
Her one major ambition, she said, is to make an album of such songs as ''America the Beautiful,'' ''The Lord's Prayer,'' ''God Bless America'' and ''Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas.''
But as the economy weakens, short-term rates will come down.
A More Nutritious Basmati Rice MOST basmati, the INdian rice prized for its extra-long grain and rich perfume, is white, without the outer layer of high-fiber jbran.
''I think I learned so much about the instinctive part in man that I would like to approach lust and desire from the point of view of a young girl.''
To the Editor: Tom Wicker discusses the ''Federal Government's decision to abandon its current development of the Yucca Mountain Nuclear Waste Depository in Nevada, and to start again on a new plan for the same site'' (column, Dec. 8).
','' Bubas said, ''I'd have to be honest with him and say: 'If you couldn't die happy until you gave that a shot, go.
Indeed, some school officials believe it was the jump in charter rates a decade ago that jolted schools into repackaging their tours.
We've been working hard to contain costs and improve productivity.''
one of them asks, when a ball field is erected and they emerge from what might be assumed is a place down below to play ball forever in the friendly confines of an Iowa cornfield.
''We have democratized the planning commission a certain amount without politicizing it entirely,'' he said.
Mr. Siddhi said the 66-year-old former Cambodian head of state conveyed his decision in a breakfast meeting today at Prince Sihanouk's residence in Beijing.
Jun Imanishi, head of mergers and acquisitions for Morgan Stanley & Company's Tokyo operations, said the number of American firms active in the business has shrunk slightly, as marginal players throw in the towel.
It's a necessity for this music to keep living.
Indeed, the deal was criticized for favoring Loral management in requiring that all other bidders pay the Loral group's investment bankers a $17 million ''breakup'' fee.
Mr. Norris, who was born in Warm Springs, Ga., on July 12, 1912, is survived by his wife, Melba, and two daughters, Deborah N. Webster and Adele Norris, all of Brooklyn, and three sisters, Evaneza Ward and Virginia Ferrier, both of Cleveland, and Blanche Norris, of Zebulon, Ga. Plans for a funeral service tomorrow were incomplete yesterday.
And a light rain would start to fall, and I'd switch on the wipers, and they'd be slapping time to Ray Charles singing ''What'd I Say?''
That was probably the predominant view among El Salvador's tiny but powerful oligarchy, big landowners and business leaders who ran this mountainous country as their personal fief for most of its violent history.
''I thought it was close,'' he said.
It also has videotapes of the New Zealand fishing for sale.
''I think I've been fair to them.
Players to Watch Clemson Offense: (13) Rodney Williams, QB; (21) Terry Allen, TB; (60) Jeff Bak, C; (78) Jeff Nunamacher, T. Defense: (12) John Johnson, LB; (20) Donnell Woolford, CB; (79) Raymond Chavous, T; (85) Mark Drag, MG. Oklahoma Offense: (2) Leon Perry, FB; (4) Jamelle Holieway, QB; (32) Mike Gaddis, HB; (68) Anthony Phillips, G. Defense: (22) Kevin Thompson, S; (41) Richard Dillon, LB; (49) Scott Garl, CB; (78) Scott Evans, T; (98) Dante Williams, MG.
Houston listed 179,696 crimes, including 440 murders and 10,049 robberies.
The original proposal would have established price caps for both A.T.&T.
New Jersey did little to counteract anything the Pacers did.
The donations are tax-deductible as operating expenses.
Martin Garbus, a lawyer for Viking Penguin, later released a statement saying that the American Association of Publishers recognizes ''an obligation to authors and to a broad American readership'' to publish, in a safe climate, a diversity of books - ''even books that may offend people.''
Officials now understand the need to undo the damage by building new single-room housing.
''If tilling 30 acres of corn with a one-horse cultivator doesn't teach you patience, nothing will,'' said the 64-year-old judge, whose patience also helps him on the golf course where his rounds are often close to par.
Eastern also absorbed a $65.7 million pension fund charge and costs of $17.2 million relating to its reorganization under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Court.
Tony Walton Exhibition Movies like ''Mary Poppins,'' ''The Boy Friend,'' ''All That Jazz'' and ''Prince of the City'' are central to the exhibition opening today at the American Museum of the Moving Image.
For four weeks in May or June, Scotch Plains is divided into four sectors, and the town hires trash haulers to carry away the junk, one sector a week.
Rudiger Hartmann, West Germany's conventional arms negotiator, reportedly told Western diplomats soon after Mr. Bush's speech in May that the aircraft issue could be deferred to a subsequent negotiation if it proved to be too difficult to resolve.
President Hashemi Rafsanjani of Iran has resigned as Commander in Chief of the armed forces, saying he is too busy with other matters, the Teheran radio reported today.
Mr. Jennings, Mr. Rather and Mr. Brokaw all worked as correspondents before they became front men, so perhaps we can count on them to know that the week's ratings are not the main story.
Toasted pine nuts can be sprinkled on at the end if you want to get fancy.
Departures are at 5 P.M. daily May 20 to Oct. 10 and at 7 P.M. daily June 25 to Labor Day from Mystic Seaport (exit 90, I-95).
Mr. Willens also pointed out that West German, Japanese and Canadian tax and accounting rules were also more favorable than those of the United States.
No Estes Kefauver or Sam Ervin is hurling tough questions at televised hearings.
So he and his wife began examining old lithographs and engravings, reworking parts of the design.
The Bond Corporation borrowed $155 million from FAI, also an Australian company, when Bond purchased the 33-story hotel from Donald Trump, the New York real estate developer, in 1988 for $180 million.
Three patients, or 2 percent, in the T.P.A.
How can I obtain or purchase a copy?
''Yale has got to do more,'' Mr. Daniels said.
Smash one and see how the shock reveals the rough dismantled gut of a thing once dense.
Meanwhile, Memphis, the zany, international design movement that came out of Milan at the start of the decade, has dissolved into a memory.
Rebel leaders, who had vowed to make El Salvador ''ungovernable,'' have denied any role in the killing and have accused Mr. Cristiani and his party of steppping up repression of political groups and labor unions.
And those who plant plants, soon learn that they must provide at least a modicum of care.
Many administrations since World War II have also campaigned for lower interest rates.
You try to get them to identify with the overall corporate objectives.
This was the worst, far worse than trying on a string bikini in Rio three summers ago.
The police could not confirm yesterday whether there has been an increase in crime in the area.
Mr. Harter, the State Department spokesman, said tonight: ''During recent weeks there have been important steps toward a new democratic process in Haiti.
Lobbying Without Much Effect To fight these Government edicts, private practitioners have formed local and national associations of medical cooperatives.
Under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code, a company is allowed to continue to operate and delay payments to creditors while it reorganizes its operations.
Surviving are his wife, Marilyn; three sons, William 3d, Daniel and Brian; two daughters, Michelle and Laura; his mother, Anne, of Larchmont, N.Y.; four brothers, John, of Luxembourg; Joseph, of Rye, Michael, of San Francisco, and Richard, of Bronxville, N.Y.
Their median age is 38, and they're highly educated, influential members of their communities.''
It is also a sharp departure from the more prevalent advertising approaches that avoid the issue of age.
For record purposes, there must be at least three official watches.
None was a natural guard.
Kevin Chamberlin's Gately is thoroughly composed and winning, and quite as winning when he loses his composure.
Alternatively, she said, he ''may have become so discontented and disaffected with the regime that the authorities decided to move against him in a pre-emptive manner.''
Moreover, the evidence that defendant was aware of the complainant's disability, that she had previously been admonished by a police officer, and that her name-calling was unprovoked was sufficient to support a finding that defendant had the requisite intent to ''harass'' or ''annoy'' the complainant.
Gross national product calculates the total value of goods and services a country produces.
Notifies Chinese Embassy Mr. Huang, who is from Wu Han, a city in Hubei Province, and other Chinese said 40,000 students from China were studying in the United States.
They also lack information about hazards and do not have people trained to evaluate them.
I am putting out my hand to you, Mr.
MARIN: No deaths, minimal damage.
But in a rare, explicit show of strength, Hayworth refused her husband's order to sleep with ''the notoriously crude movie mogul.''
Changing Numbers State television broadcasts and newspapers have identified only eight soldiers who died in the operations against the protest movement.
''Here and today I want to thank you Polish-Americans for your help and good wishes,'' he said.
''We agree with New York that it is time to reassess our approach to the Hudson PCB problem,'' said Constantine Sidamon-Eristoff, the regional adminstrator of the E.P.A.
The strikers gathered at their workplaces to read a demand by the trade unions in the city for an easing of measures like a wage freeze included in the proposed changes.
''And that will have some bearing on when we will have a hearing.
''It gets worse and worse the longer it goes,'' said Brian Leetch, the rookie defenseman who is a key ingredient on the power play.
But let's not ask too much of a workmanlike little tale.
Employee skill levels and morale improve and so does the company's image in the community.
She testified in January before the City Council's Environmental Protection Committee that the bill was ''too sweeping'' and that giving preference to recycled material would be a heavy burden for her.
And with that litigation in mind, Cayton understood its reality.
Sara Colm, the editor of The Tenderloin Times, a neighborhood monthly published in English, Khmer, Vietnamese and Lao, said: ''Rumors were rife because of the language problem.
As you, the television audience, pointed out: The more reporters there were, the more bad news there was to be re-enacted on television.
The State Department, the Pentagon, the Central Intelligence Agency and the White House have agreed that the military aid should continue, officials said.
''I may look at it for a moment and think 'Do I actually look like that?'
Guides may be telling classes one day that this is where the great revolution of October 1989 was born, and the fact that Karl Liebknecht was baptized here may be relegated to the same small footnote that says Richard Wagner, the composer tainted by the Nazis' adoption of his work as the expression of their racial theories, was also baptized here.
A group of Southeast Asian countries today urged Japan to buy more of their products, dismantle trade barriers and spread technological expertise around the region.
Harvard made it look easy tonight.
''Los Angeles is sending a strong signal that it is trying to find a consensus solution rather than a legal or political one,'' said Duane L. Georgeson, assistant general manager of the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power.
States would insure a school's performance by testing students annually.
Eighth Street, Miami, Fla. 33130-3097 (305-358-7330).
Robert Robbins, a Roman Catholic priest, officiated.
''Nothing compares to a nice, open, airy place.
Little girls, like symphony musicians, do not like to practice unless they see results from their repetitive efforts and receive positive reinforcement.
Yield: 4 to 6 servings.
''The verdict showed that the jury did not believe Henry Kissinger on the critical issue of the case,'' Mr. Hersh said yesterday.
Under the circumstances, could there be any doubt that my pulse had just taken a quick run for the record?
Several plans had been proposed since the bankruptcy of the Penn-Dixie Cement Corporation in 1980, but the cost of land preparation plus the addition of roads, water and sewer service were considered insurmountable by earlier investors.
It opened in 1821 in an upper room at 49 Fulton Street, with several hundred books available to members only in the evening.
The Devils' victory was their first in six games, and although it didn't elevate them in the standing, it lifted their spirits as they headed into the All-Star Game break.
The Bengals' quarterback Boomer Esiason ranks third in passing in the A.F.C.
On this slim evidence he then accuses Joyce of deception and injustice.
The party is divided, the experts say, on geographic lines.
It can be seen through Sept. 17, after which it will go to the National Gallery in Washington in May 1990 and then to the Los Angeles County Museum of Art.
here gives students a chance to take part without the inconvenience of going to M.I.T.'
If the rally persists, the meeting will be held in a crisis atmosphere with the foreign exchange market expecting some important signal on policy direction, instead of mostly a get-acquainted meeting for the new Bush Administration and the allies.
Because a decision on seeking a new indictment will take some time, Mr. McCarthy said Mr. Beauchamp would probably be released as soon the paperwork was completed.
''I think women have been treated as a bag of troubles for far too long,'' said Julie Lewit-Nirenberg, the publisher of Mirabella and former publisher of New York Woman.
''Jim was a man who crowded so many lives into one,'' said Dr. Fisher, who served as chief test pilot for the Curtiss-Wright Aviation Corporation and has logged nearly 20,000 hours of flight time.
''But I set to work,'' he says.
In part, too, they resulted from the relative quality and rapid accessibility of medical attention.
What might be causing this?
A Preference for Quiet In the past, the White House has often seemed to be ignoring such criticism and, when it reached a fever pitch, pulled out a dramatic initiative, like the proposal on reducing conventional armed forces that Mr. Bush brought to the NATO meeting or the announcement of the secretly arranged Malta meeting.
Hal found himself spending days at a time by himself or with a prominent lawyer friend smoking crack, drinking and watching pornographic movies.
Stunning Momentum in East Mr. Bush, in turn, will want to know that Mr. Gorbachev is sincere in signaling that Moscow will let the changes in Eastern Europe go on without interference.
Coleman's stock rose $21 yesterday, to $70.125, or $6.125 more than the offer, in heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
Members of this group are selective.
While calling today's figures ''pretty bad,'' Mr. Harris said he was not alarmed.
She contended that she and her dog were denied admission to the Orpheum Theater at Third Avenue and 86th Street by the manager, Mark Mellender, who said he did not believe she was blind.
A central bank communique released today said it was the first time Brazil had issued new bonds to foreign markets since 1982.
Auto and truck sales are running below 1988 levels, and so are home sales and new-home conBut suddenly industries that had been doing well are finding themselves in trouble.
Instead, he said, he preferred to talk about SAVE, which he announced with far less detail last May.
'' A similar influx occurred after the Chinese new year in 1988, but this year has been much larger.
Self-improvement manuals will always have a place in my heart and library.
Mtel has high hopes for its national paging system, which links major cities, and is targeting executives as clients.
As a helicopter descended, the frightened bird raised its wings to flee but was unable to lift itself into the air.
To make an appointment for an audition, call 621-1240; or simply attend that first rehearsal, at 8 P.M. Tuesday at the Yorktown Community and Cultural Center.
I don't understand giving in to them.''
In addition, olive oil is also very good for the complexion.
's Micro Channel is the only 32-bit bus available today, and then only on high-end PS/2 computers.
Earlier this month, when King agreed to meet the Duvas' $1.5 million price for the match, he said he thought the deal was done.
I learned it for the show.''
A dark, sparsely lighted coziness pervades the relatively quiet room, in contrast with the noisy, convivial taproom, where you can also dine, at ground level.
On Wednesday, for example, the press agency issued a four-paragraph item about a warning strike for higher wages by Hungarian train drivers.
It also showed how unpredictable the Government's supposedly safe Communist Party majority can be on a big bill.
Should the tobacco industry be held accountable for the increase of teen-age smokers?
Chaplin certainly didn't intend to instruct audiences on the benefits of full-figure framing in which two, three or even four actors are seen in the same shot.
In ''True Romance,'' sexual jealousy is depicted as an actual green-(well, yellow-) eyed monster that rises from a black lagoon to wreak havoc on a squabbling couple's farm.
Joyce Ebert Nancy Holmes .
GREENWICH - Second Congregational Church, 139 East Putnam Avenue, 11 A.M. today, last movement of Rossini's ''Stabat Mater'' with choir and organ, ''Little Gray Donkey'' by Natalie Sleeth with junior choir.
Because of an editing error, an article yesterday about a fatal fire in Queens characterized a possible cause incorrectly in some copies.
In any case, it is instructive to remember that H. L. Mencken, who declared that the way to improve higher education in America was to burn the buildings and hang the professors, married a professor of English at Goucher College, suggesting thereby that it is better to marry than to burn.
And we need your help.
''And there's nothing you can do about it.''
The Supreme Court ruled today that the Constitution does not guarantee utility companies the right to recover the costs of uncompleted or abandoned power plants.
Some Jewish leaders fear it will stress Palestinian rights over Israel's security concerns.
Pointing to the battle at Jalalabad, he urged Mr. Bush to look beyond ''misinformed'' Administration officials who had predicted that the Kabul Government, sustained for nine years by Soviet military power, would collapse within months of the Soviet troop withdrawal, completed Feb. 15.
''Nobody cared much about the America's Cup until we lost it,'' said Floyd, the American team's nonplaying captain.
One thing that was noticeable this weekend was the official silence on a move by the United States that could crucially enhance the guerrillas' prospects of victory: the announcement by the White House that it will continue supplying the guerrillas with military aid as long as the Soviet Union continues to support Kabul.
Mr. Wieder said it was this that he wanted reported to the disciplinary board.
Next, all cooperated on a giant crossword puzzle.
We welcome the increasing grant element in the development assistance as well as the steps taken to convert loans into grants and we urge further steps.
And also you've got different groups involved in the holding of these hostages.
His judgment was honed by frequent trips to Europe.
More than 100,000 Burmese poured into the streets of Rangoon today to join a funeral procession for the widow of Aung San, who led the country to independence from Britain.
''You don't think,'' he was asked, ''that you're going to be playing against Rockne and the Gipper and all those legends and ghosts of the past?''
At first, Mr. Kimmett told friends that he was reluctant to rejoin the public sector, in large part because of his rewarding and lucrative law practice.
''It's almost like a treasure hunt,'' Mrs. Wood said, producing a two-volume set of ''The History of the Indian Tribes of North America'' by Thomas L. McKenney and James Hall.
Designed to reduce candidates' reliance on wealthy favor-seekers, it's a worthwhile investment in clean government.
Over the years that has included work on everything from lasers to helicopters that convert to airplanes, from stealth technology that can shield planes from radar detection to artificial gills that can extract oxygen from seawater for submarines.
''Friends are those people in your life to blow the whistle when you're insane,'' Aldo says.
In continuing the occupation and suppressing Palestinians who want to talk peace, Israel is corrupting itself.
Some of it has to do with making themselves more attractive and acceptable to their peers.''
''I would hate to think what Atlanta would be without a Buckhead,'' Mr. Massell crowed in a recent issue of Inside Buckhead, a slick magazine about the area.
The open letter issued at the news conference called on the more than 30 leaders who will assemble in Paris for commemorations of the French Revolution to maintain ''by all means the pressures on the government in taking the economic sanctions that are necessary and in interrupting all high-level diplomatic ties.''
Mr. Parkinson has been outspoken in the past that D-RAM's are no longer a commodity and should not be marketed as such.
The catalyst for Monday's collapse was Colombia's stated intention to move for the abolition of all export quotas unless the organization's members approve one of two proposals for a new agreement at their scheduled meeting in London on Monday.
If Mr. Shenefelt does not recognize that for himself, how will he ever convey it to others?
To attach one of these plugs, thread the cord through the hollow cover and into the body of the plug to which the prongs are attached.
''Their wiring is terrible,'' Janet N. Gifford, a real-estate broker on the Upper West Side, said.
General Motors said that it had signed the agreement to use the technology of the Orbital Engine Company of Perth and that it had no immediate plans to build power plants based on it.
Admission, Fridays, free for women before 11 P.M. ($15 for everyone after 11 P.M.); Saturdays, free for women before 10 P.M., then $20 for everyone after 10 P.M.); Sundays, $20 for everyone; Mondays, free for women before 11 P.M. ($20 for everyone after 11 P.M.) VOICES, #396 East Tremont Avenue, near Webster Avenue, the Bronx (294-2610).
One of the authors of the study, Kathryn Hirsh-Pasek, professor of psychology at Temple University, told The Chronicle of Higher Education that ''we forget that play is the work of childhood.''
After graduating from Auburn University in 1974 with a bachelor's degree in physics, she received a master's in physics from the University of Virginia.
And Dellacroce interjects: ''Cosa Nostra means that the boss is your boss.
There is a Highway 88 in Mississippi but it doesn't go where mine goes.
Also included was revenue from one additional month of foreign operations to place foreign activities on the same calendar year reporting basis as domestic operations.
And his heroics in this game ruined a potential masterpiece by Viola, whose record fell to 1-3 with the Mets.
Mr. Adams, now 40 years old, was a 28-year-old manual laborer with no criminal record when he was found guilty and was given the death sentence for the shooting death of Police Office Robert Wood of Dallas.
A rousing performance, especially by Gen Horiuchi, Katrina Killian and Peter Boal, marked Balanchine's ''Western Symphony.''
If you want to call the American viewer the lowest common denominator, they're right there.''
Proponents of the measure say the fight is about who controls Seattle: the traditionally powerful neighborhood groups, who favor the limits, or downtown business interests, who do not.
The principal late-harvest variety in California is the riesling although, with characteristic insouciance, California vintners have made the wines from chardonnay, chenin blanc, French colombard and red varieties like pinot noir and zinfandel.
Here are some New York highlights outside the spotlight.
The silent footage was accompanied by piano music (''What I Did for Love'') from Mr. Bennett's own adult triumph, ''A Chorus Line,'' but the show he was re-creating for his neighborhood was unmistakably Mr. Robbins's ''West Side Story.''
In what commission officials believe are understated results, 41 percent of the 1,099 respondents said that political affiliation is a factor in the hiring of principals.
Though they're usually on a track I've set out, I often need him to shake it or send it off in another direction.
He could have had a play at home and maybe stopped the inning.''
As an example of the Mafia's growing influence in the tax-evasion racket, prosecutors and Internal Revenue Service agents say that the mob's share of the booty recently was raised to 2 cents on each gallon of gasoline sold by bootleggers.
Defying Mrs. Aquino's ultimatum that they ''surrender or die,'' rebels broke through the camp's defenses at dawn and occupied the logistics command and a chapel after a five-hour battle with armor and mortar.
He noted that today's turnover in the leadership leaves a large number of new, Gorbachev-era leaders outside the Central Committee.
''Two years ago,'' he said, ''five minutes after this thing started the police would have come and taken us off you know where.''
Are you opposed to Federal funding to help pay for the abortions for young women who are victims of rape or incest?
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Toro Co. (NYSE) Qtr to Feb 3 1989 1988 Sales 156,171,000 152,709,000 Net inc 6,908,000 6,015,000 Share earns .66 .56 6mo sales 301,383,000 280,932,000 Net inc 11,613,000 10,270,000 Share earns 1.10 .94 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
THREE weeks ago, Carrie A. Coons regained consciousness and managed to speak after four and a half months in what doctors had said was an irreversible coma.
The house was sold to the state in 1988 and has remained vacant since.
Local highways were congested with motorists making their way toward San Francisco around the damaged portion of Interstate 880, but buses and Bay Area Rapid Transit trains were running on schedule.
Jimmy Jones pitched six innings in the second game, giving up only a home run to Rafael Palmeiro in the fourth and getting a two-run single from Jesse Barfield in the first and a bases-empty homer from Don Mattingly in the seventh.
The only apparent reprieve for The News would be a Justice Department injunction.
Economists consider its findings a preliminary indicator of the previous month's economic performance.
Its model 771T5S Image Translator looks like an ordinary VCR and can function as such, playing American VHS and Super-VHS tapes.
'Execution-Type Hit' The police had been seeking Mr. Famble since Friday night, when Richard Bert, an undercover narcotics agent making a drug buy, was shot on the fourth floor of a building at 121 St. Nicholas Avenue in Harlem in what Police Commissioner Benjamin Ward later called an ''execution-type hit.''
Ackerley received a number of good smacks from Forster over the years and would no doubt have submitted to this final one with good humour.
''You can't start in the middle.
The process is not that way.
Figures converted from new Israeli shekels at 1.8195 shekels to the dollar, which was the rate of exchange as of March 31.
U.S. Said to Incite Protests The decline of the embassy's role has been shaped by tensions over the eight-year contra war, and by the Managua Government's assertions that American diplomats have sought to sow domestic unrest by advising opposition groups and financing anti-Sandinista protests.
''You kind of lose perspective because there's so much violence coming into the E.R.,'' the doctor said.
It did not have sprinklers because it was built in 1969, four years before the state made them mandatory in nursing homes.
Parents Suing Companies Four parents filed suits against three liquor distillers, three breweries and a wine-cooler company, charging that their children's birth defects were caused by the mothers' drinking while pregnant.
''Why do they do it?''
But in some cases the city may act without any public hearings, such as when the city moves homeless families into a building that is already occupied.
Eight light towers illuminate the fields well after midnight, making DeWitt Clinton a mecca for softball insomniacs and a headache for some local residents.
The Anchor board also decided to revise the circumstances under which Anchor executives would be entitled to benefits if terminated, allow all stock options to be exercised immediately if the company changes hands, remove the limitations on severance payments to executives, provide additional lump-sum payments and provide executives with other benefits, which include coverage of all office and legal expenses.
Source Is Identified The company said it had identified the source of the problem and was making the necessary changes.
Strong Against the Yen The dollar still remains strong against the yen.
Not that men can't write women characters or women can't write men, but the duality typically offers a richer texture.
The new study provides clearcut and direct evidence linking the two, said Dr. Peter F. Cohn of the Health Sciences Center of the State University of New York at Stony Brook.
Even if I have a great spring, I'm not going to bump anybody here.''
My wife, Miriam, also spent many years with the nuns, both here and in Cuba, where she was born.
Their transcripts, in two volumes, have recently been published in English.
Santovenia's single off Kent Tekulve (0-3) highlighted a three-run rally that helped the Expos overcome four errors in a sloppily played game.
Ms. Feldman said Mr. Stephens would probably be alive if Smith had detectors.
Excluding the loss in the quarter just completed, Mobil said, second-quarter earnings were $541 million, up $22 million, or 4 percent, from the year earlier.
The Economy Public officials are not dealing with the capital gains issue as a question of tax policy and its consequences, but rather as one of political principle - and they are using misleading statistics in the process.
Electrocardiograms and other tests taken in the hospital might provide the only documentation.
''I think the arts world is going to be watching in great anticipation for the real John Frohnmayer to stand up,'' Mr. Potter continued.
In dormitories, Tufts has deemed the right of free speech to be subordinate to that of privacy.
Mr. Maloney, who retains the ramrod-straight posture of his West Point days, acknowledged that he sometimes delegated authority to aides.
Mr. Asa said published surveys showed that 38 percent of dentists reported using sealant in 1978, but the number rose to only 52 percent by 1984.
Otherwise, though, the breeding market has stabilized at levels well below the peak, but high enough for shrewd judges of horseflesh and pedigree to thrive.
Mr. Gingrich is a hothead, Mr. Coelho reasoned; he will do himself in.
THE AFTERMATH WASHINGTON A Speedy Federal Response The Bush Administration mobilized to help earthquake victims, declaring seven counties in California eligible for disaster funds.
''It was just one of those days,'' he said.
First, Apple bet heavily that a shortage in memory chips, a personal computer's most common component, would continue.
The program will be resumed along 45 miles of coastline from the George Washington Bridge to the Highlands at Sandy Hook Bay.
5 Illinois, 72-52, clinching its first winning season in 9 years.
Sir James Goldsmith, who leads Hoylake, said last week that it would be difficult for the offer to succeed without an extension from the panel, which monitors takeover developments.
The Forbes Magazine Galleries on lower Fifth Avenue, surely the perfect realization of modern noblesse oblige, are free and open to the public, a series of cool, dark rooms filled with toy boats, Faberge eggs and Presidential papers - and 12,000 toy soldiers.
There's a distrust of cities and of cultural pluralism, which they find partly responsible for social decay in American life.''
Mr. Edelstein, a graduate of the N.Y.U.
New York City's public schools have been beset with problems for so long that those trying to change things say they are without the advantage of a sense of urgency.
The American Express Company said yesterday that it earned $231 million, or 54 cents a share, in the fourth quarter, in contrast to a loss of $104 million, or 24 cents a share, in the corresponding period in 1987.
Window sills may be ideal places to keep potted plants during the warm summer months, but many an indoor plant has failed because it has been too cold.
Despite the earlier voter rebuffs to party figures viewed by critics as the Soviet equivalents of clubhouse hacks, the new Congress will have a higher percentage of party members, about 87 percent, than the 1984 body, which had 71 percent as party members.
One recent day, Tadeusz Jopek, general manager of the Cracow-based company, acknowledged that in exchange for a cosmetics shipment to the Soviet Union, Miraculum was to receive a truckload of eggs.
Leaving the device in the silk bag could have made it easier to sabotage the weapon because a saboteur could hide an explosive device in the bag, Admiral Milligan said.
Last year, the top five fragrance makers controlled 62 percent of a $2.6 billion American retail market, up from 46 percent in 1981.
2 City's campaign finance law is rated only a partial success 42 Must children attend AIDS classes?
The report had no effect on prices in the credit markets.
The food, of the hearty meat-and-potatoes variety (lots of potatoes), was plentiful and filling.
''We do not yet fully apprehend its ultimate effect,'' he said, ''and whether television exists for good or ill, the next 50 years will tell.''
Cimarosa: ''Chi Dell'Altrui Si Veste Presto Si Spoglia'' (2253/54), a digital remastering of an analog original (ADD).
The chairmen of the consumer protection committees in the Assembly and the Senate acknowledged today that they are so far apart on proposed changes to the law that they are not sure a compromise can be reached.
''Wealth is no longer flaunted.
A city waking up with a great collective exhalation: thousands of people must have welcomed that gray light and the fleeting dawn breeze as gladly as I, and presumbly he, did.
Others complain that he doesn't understand the ''creative culture'' of an agency - its history, its lore, its rules for making ads and handling clients.
Next, based in Palo Alto, Calif., introduced a powerful personal computer in October, but the operating system software is not finished yet, and the company said the expected completion date has slipped by another month, to August.
Rick Merrill's dances were sometimes as pretty as pictures.
At the end of the game, he made a sack from defensive end.
And this certainly won't be our last big game.''
Gerald Zusel, manager of the Balfour Maclaine Corporation's floor operations at the exchange, said the speculation was premature.
Le said the immigrant had already received three offers of jobs and two of room and board.
''This is just absolutely mind-boggling,'' Dr. Hall said in a meeting of geneticists at the Jackson Laboratory in Bar Harbor.
''Then it suddenly occurred to me, there was the possibility that I could die.
Fabric is being used for more than just evening shoes this season.
After lunch - two bananas - I did well again.
Mr. Landesman said that to reduce both production and operating costs, across-the-board cuts in salaries or manpower would be made that would involve actors, general managers, directors, stagehands and other employees.
''It was upbeat and we really had a good time while we learned something.
So did she and her husband, she added.
The adult form is a brillant emerald moth with a one-inch wingspan.
During every austral spring for the last decade, a hole has formed in the ozone layer of the upper atmosphere, which shields organisms on or near the earth's surface from damaging ultraviolet light.
Her sense of pitch is unshakable even in the most intricate harmonic movement; and though she lacks the chameleonlike flexibility for this broad collection of music, there is a virtue in her solid uniformity - a kind of honesty that sells her songs when subtlety cannot.
The Pistons led by 44-39 in the first minute of the second half, but the Bulls' Scottie Pippen scored 9 points in 2 minutes 14 seconds as Chicago outscored Detroit by 16-6 in a five-minute stretch to take a 55-50 lead.
To the Editor: I would like to draw your attention to some basic historical facts concerning the ethnic upheavals in Yugoslavia's Serbian province of Kosovo (''Bullying in the Balkans,'' editorial, April 10).
Mayotte was once seeded sixth, so he knows he's capable of closing in on the advanced rounds here.
Accordingly, to avoid being on one when the explosion comes, I am careful never to step on one.
In Chinese ''pu'' refers to an area where a river flows into the sea.
The Committee on Consumer Affairs of the New York Bar Association said last year that it wanted further safeguards.
In any case, Mr. Auster has a lot of fun concocting Marco's adventures - almost as much fun as one has in reading them.
This season, he started the two games that Alexander missed because of a calf injury, and he has been backing up Alexander since.
While New York City, Buffalo and many other cities in New York State have room taxes, tourism experts say the Catskills differ in being a vacation destination, relying on voluntary visits rather than on business travelers.
''But when you buy five-year notes, you know there is not going to be more supply jammed down your throat in the next day or so.
''You can learn as much about the Civil War by visiting the National Park at Gettysburg, and as much about glaciation at Glacier National Park in Montana, than you can learn anywhere else.''
To the Editor: The reasoning of Eric W. Beshers, a former deputy director of the office of economics of the Department of Transportation, goes a long way toward explaining why the American transportation system is such a mess.
The prologue of ''Peachtree Road'' promises a sweeping chronicle of wealthy Atlanta gentry ruined by their privileged destinies, a formula for blueblood decay.
The Image Translator sells for $1,995.
Breaking New Ground Anthony J. Gajda, a benefits expert at the consulting firm of Mercer Meidinger Hansen Inc., said the Ford experiment breaks new ground.
Each time regular water was substituted, Mr. Eden said, the signal for the presence of tritium went away.
She said the mob tried to burn other casinos but was fended off by armed guards.
For this book he has undertaken to humanize these marriages by visiting and interviewing people in a wide range of clusters.
The Yankees were offering a pact that would have paid Henderson about $2.4 million a year; Richie Bry, Henderson's agent, was asking $2.8 million.
Indeed, the 35-year-old Mr. Miller epitomizes the happy, wholesome, laid-back standup comic - or storyteller - who, throughout an interview, asks to be excused for ''sounding Pollyana-ish'' and says of the travails and rejections inherent in his work: ''It's just a shrug.''
''The medication shouldn't be taken on an empty stomach,'' he admonished.
But Mr. Clarke, the court administrator, said that under court procedures an inmate's lawyer, not a sheriff's officer, must deliver such an order to the jail.
''For the most part, we're seeing decent enough maintenance,'' Trooper DuBois said, adding that about 200 buses pass through the inspection stop on designated days.
Finger wagging at the Salvadorans cannot absolve the United States Government of the violent consequences of its policy.
This fall a stream of exhibits and other commemorations has reminded the Viennese of their association with the founder of psychoanalysis, who lived in this city for 78 years.
The discovery in 1967 of a town on Santorini that had been buried by volcanic pumice stone and ash also seemed to put the eruption at an earlier time.
''They seem to want to draw the line very early in the campaign,'' a European diplomat said of the Sandinista leaders.
His ''Soul of a Jew,'' about the turn-of-the-century Viennese philosopher Otto Weininger, was performed by the Haifa company in New York last fall.
Thomas E. Dewey Thruway north to Exit 19 in Kingston and Route 28 west to Highmount.
But they said they convicted the 47-year-old defendant of manslaughter in the first degree because they believed Hedda Nussbaum was too physically debilitated to have delivered the fatal blows, and because they found Mr. Steinberg had intended to cause the girl serious physical harm.
The first, several of his compositions as played by the Soldier String Quartet, began the evening intensely; the second, a performance by Mr. Sharp's own group, Carbon, ended the evening intensely.
For many of the state's largest employers, including I.B.M., Citicorp, General Electric and Grumman, the suspension of the tax will mean a saving of at least $1 million.
It is not easy to establish such a character and, at the same time, have her as one who can persuade kings and prelates of her strength.
''Everyone sits around operating-room lounges complaining about dwindling caseloads.''
''Bo was all business and all work,'' Smith said in a telephone interview from Los Angeles.
b-Included extraordinary gains of $14,934 for the quarter and $44,801 for the 9 months.
Some Tennis and a Haircut?
It is still something of a mystery how any of the dozen benzodiazepines sedate, reduce anxiety and cause adverse reactions.
In Kansas City, the I.R.S.
Dig He Does Elliott did.
Although board members have not publicly given reasons for their dissatisfaction with Mr. Armstrong, the director's critics have cited trendy exhibitions mounted during his tenure, his alienation of some major donors and his failure to hire strong curatorial talent.
Tourist Office of Spain, 665 Fifth Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10022; 212-759-8822.
''They're much more useful for that,'' said one young woman, who refused to be unmasked.
There are protests daily on Beacon Hill, where the Governor and the Legislature are trying to overcome the deficit with spending cuts and new tax proposals.
Last week the Senate Commerce Committee confirmed Alfred C. Sikes, head of the Commerce Department's National Telecommunications and Information Administration, as the F.C.C.
Abe Lebewohl, owner of the Second Avenue Kosher Delicatessen, at 10th Street, got a lot of publicity last month when he offered a free one-pound salami ($7 retail) to anyone presenting a ticket stub from any game won this season by Frank Viola, whose father was a regular customer of Lebewohl.
''We may not have an AIDS law clinic next year because there won't be a clinical faculty member here to teach it.''
But this is the first chance we've had to test the methods on a large spill of Prudhoe Bay crude.''
Mr. Hamill, a very political writer in his articles and columns, transcends politics here, as every novelist must in order to produce serious art.
''I just said 'hup-two,' 'hup-two,' and marched them right in.''
Negotiations on a range of issues carried on throughout the last week, and officials sometimes had unusual ways of describing their progress.
''The Grocery Manufacturers of America have indicated that they are interested in working out a compromise on a bill,'' Senator Metzenbaum said.
53), Debussy's ''Images'' (Book II) and Liszt's ''Venezia e Napoli'' from ''Annees de Pelerinage.''
''The future for both opposition parties is quite weak,'' he asserted.
U.S. contact with Mr. Khalef also sparked an effort by supporters of Israel in Congress to kill the American dialogue with the P.L.O.
Regardless of its outcome, the State Planning Commission has made a valuable contribution to public life in New Jersey.
Whereas the voice of memory is univocal and uncontested, that of history is polyphonic and open to debate.
One of American ballet's top virtuosos, the young dancer just kept on dancing and rewound the fabric around his waist without a rhythmic hitch.
With 123,000 employees, the I.R.S.
Long-distance rates are expected to continue dropping as competition between the companies increases.
Three members of the wealthy Bass family of Fort Worth said they had received clearance from Federal antitrust regulators to increase their holdings in American Medical International Inc. beyond 15 percent.
By contrast, technology is the focus of the second master's program, the information-systems engineering program.
Qa7 31 c7 Rd7 loses a piece after 32 Qg4!
A32 A Hispanic officer was found guilty of manslaughter in the killings of two unarmed black men that in January set off rioting in a mostly black section of Miami.
The Campeau Corporation is the most notable example of a company having such problems.
''But I enjoy raising money and there's nothing wrong with turning to private corporations.''
These wraparound views of American golf courses should please admirers of earthwork sculptures and readers of the golf aficionado Herbert Warren Wind and should intrigue camera buffs.
''Masekela'' is one of Ailey's finest character-dance pieces, not a definitive work but absorbing in its atmosphere and packing a genuine wallop.
Your reference to the ''political reach'' of Opus Dei in connection with members of Generalissimo Francisco Franco's cabinet in Spain is thus quite off base, and so is speaking of a waning of Opus Dei power when those cabinet ministers lost their positions.
'No Compassion' for Homeowner Responding to Mr. Wasicsko's announcement, Mr. Spallone, a security director for a housing complex in the Bronx who is also Vice Mayor, said in a telephone interview today that the Mayor had ''no compassion for the homeowner or the people of Yonkers,'' adding that the ''quality of life of the community has to be preserved, as well as the constitutional rights.''
A similar kind of loudness compensation is featured on Yamaha's RX500U ($399, 50 wpc).
If his specific need cannot be met, he returns home and faces the world in an old shirt and a rage.
More classrooms become necessary, more equipment, more faculty members, more staff.
But certainly not the President.
He later taught at the University of Texas Graduate School of Business.
The accidents included an Oct. 29 incident in which a pilot, who was making his first landing on an aircraft carrier, slammed into the Lexington in the Gulf of Mexico.
The company has also hired a new marketing chief, Gary Langstaff, the former executive vice president of marketing of a rival fast-food chain, Hardee's.
Fraud in Contracts Charged Mr. Martinez resigned as director of the Division of Substance Abuse Services after a state commission said he had steered lucrative drug-treatment contracts to programs that were run by his friends and that failed to treat anybody.
A comparable return on taxable securities for investors in the 28 percent tax bracket would be 7.86 percent, and for those in the 33 percent bracket, 8.45 percent.
At Bedford Green Antiques, a late-19th-century majolica bread server with a $900 price tag was decorated with the motto ''Waste Not, Want Not.''
But if special classes are to be established for the children of each foreign-speaking element here, then in fairness, instruction must be made available across the board, from Swahili to Mandarin, from Hindi to Slovene.
A 1970 trial ended in a hung jury.
Cross-border mergers and acquisitions soared to 42.4 percent of all intra-European deals last year, up from 13.8 percent in 1985.
Manley's difficulties are the latest in the troubled life and football career of a gifted athlete who last Monday was among six people honored at the White House by President Bush for overcoming a learning disability that had left him functionally illiterate.
A blue Austrian-style cardigan with crochet trim was made from machine-knitted fabric.
Liposome Technology Inc. of Menlo Park, Calif., and the Liposome Company, based in Princeton, N.J., said they had called off their planned merger.
''Parents don't know the truth,'' Phil says at one point.
But Mr. Mattell said that an error by his public relations staff last week caused the misstating of the number of flights the airline expected.
The evidence will never be convincing enough.
At All Soul's Unitarian Church, there is to be carol singing, accompanied by a brass quartet, at 9:45 and 11 A.M. on Sunday.
But Sandra, , who had her Holmby Hills place on the market for $14.5 million, couldn't find a buyer.
Union Gains Stature In December Solidarity's founder, Lech Walesa, captivated a national television audience during a debate with the leader of the Government-sanctioned trade unions, and the percentage of Poles favoring a legalized Solidarity soared.
Several industry executives suggested that the break between the two companies had been motivated by recent moves by I.B.M.
The biggest, he said, was to get involved in secret negotiations with the ruling party last summer - a process that only confused the public and produced what Mr. Haraszti called a grayness.
Why not provide restaurants and other businesses with specially prepared music tapes that use original recordings?
Even so, his fans jumped at the promise of a real-life appearance.
Gary Nateman, general counsel for the Beer Institute, a trade group, said the industry would continue to fight efforts to force warnings in advertisements.
''I saw an attitude of people losing interest,'' Mayor Flynn said.
The production was then filmed and released as a movie.
Maybe I knew they would.
Unitel, which has 2.1 million shares outstanding, closed Thursday at $13.125 a share, up 37.5 cents, on the American Stock Exchange.
But Dr. Herb Bormann, a professor of forest ecology at Yale University who was one of the first investigators to report the dangers of acid rain in North America, warned that the toxification of air, land and water was still increasing.
Masters of manipulation, Sonic Youth may be the most self-conscious group working; they know exactly how the sounds and symbols of the modern world work.
With a boost from a teammate and three sets of open arms to break her fall, Katie Laine made it over the net.
''I just stood there and tried to put my stick on it,'' said Sandstrom, whose goal off a goal-mouth scramble with 4 minutes 59 seconds left gave the Rangers their first victory after five straight defeats.
Before his death in 1971, he was internationally recognized through a steady succession of recordings, films and television appearances.
Briefings for the Battle In remote rooms on Capitol Hill like a ground floor room in the Cannon House Office Building, Mr. Wright's lawyer has briefed Democratic members on the charges, Mr. Wright's rebuttal and procedural possibilities before the committee.
Measuring 6 feet 5 inches by 11 feet 2 inches, it has the character of a frieze scene in close-up, with the lovers, the tumbled bed, the discarded clothes and many another apposite detail rendered with an even-handed precision that looks forward to David, Ingres and Courbet.
In most places, the service is toll-free.
But no respectable scientist denies that pouring gases like carbon dioxide into the atmosphere will eventually cause the earth to warm up, with consequences that are potentially catastrophic.
Mr. Higgins said when he attempted to change his address with some of the pharmacy supply houses, he was told it would take three to four months to process the paperwork.
The two men are Fitzroy Beeker and Vincent Green.
The other newer owners are Norman Braman of Philadelphia, Alex Spanos of San Diego, Pat Bowlen of Denver, Ken Behring of Seattle, and one, Tom Benson of New Orleans, who is aligned with the old guard.
One was left wondering whether the format and Mr. Gumbel himself did not put the test takers on their best behavior.
As Mr. Wilkinson makes clear, the cutters are in no position to get out from under their ''sufferation.''
The time ''has not come yet'' to resolve the hostage issue, the Shiite leader, Sheik Mohammed Mahdi Shamseddin, deputy chairman of the Shiite Islamic Council of Lebanon, said in an interview published today.
Brokers Report Good Business Brokers, who are paid, usually $7,500, to arrange commercial surrogacy contracts, say their businesses are bustling and have been largely unaffected by the Baby M case.
This, of course, was hardly remarkable.
But David F. Chappell, the attorney for 10 other investors, said his clients had asked in writing for financial assistance from the company and were rejected.
What do the theatergoers do?
A former fighter pilot, the authors write, he ''looked like a drill sergeant in some especially bloodthirsty branch of the armed forces.''
Ms. Pearson said the National Women's Health Network advises most women not to take hormonal replacement therapy for more than a few years.
Mr. Forbes's budget has gotten bigger over the years, which is fortunate.
With ''Alice'' and then ''La Ronde,'' danced magnificently by the troupe on the recent competition program (the winners were Stephen Legate of the National Ballet and Silja Wendrup-Schandorff of the Royal Danish Ballet), Mr. Tetley experienced something of a choreographic rebirth.
In prime time, the 14 cable networks whose audiences are measured by rating services together attract an average of 6.3 million homes, while the major broadcasting networks each reach an average of 12.5 million.
For example, the fine of $1,000 for a second arrest for drunken driving rises to a minimum of $2,000 and a maximum of $5,000.
It carries good-quality souvenirs and originals here and at their other stores at 229 Great South Road, Takanini, Auckland (telephone 299-8450) and 87 Beach Street, Queenstown; (telephone 294-26444).
The skirmishing reported in the newspapers, he added, affects how the insiders and members of the press themselves view the candidates.
''Prince Albert brought the Christmas tree to England from Germany.
Then Government officials met black leaders to discuss the Soweto rent strike.
The various changes left total consumer debt in September at a seasonally adjusted $703.6 billion.
Hollywood expects four of the summer movies to reach the magic plateau of $100 million in ticket sales.
While granting British subjects - 98 percent of those here are ethnic Chinese - the right of abode in Britain has been a highly emotional issue in Hong Kong, early reaction was subdued though determined.
But then he has a tragic vision, too: the final Boschian conflagration in ''Don Giovanni,'' with the under-age girl taking Giovanni's hand on Hell's behalf, is fearlessly worked out.
General Noriega has closely identified himself with the poor and keeps their loyalty.
Through her left eye the world looks normal.
After his retirement, he continued to work for the pharmaceutical company through his own firm, Murphy and Associates.In World War II, Mr. Murphy piloted 33 missions over Europe in B-17's.
Playing both tenor and alto saxophone, he'll charge through the arrangements, all swagger and overdriven emotionality.
Bus and train service are also available, but cancellations and delays are frequent.
But on the violin, it falls right under the fingers.
Everything depends on how, and how much of, the debts (whose global total has reached $1.3 trillion) are written down; where the money to translate shaky debt into solid debt will come from; what risks there may be to the creditor agencies, the United States and other creditor countries, and what obligations will be imposed on the debtors to set their fiscal and monetary affairs in order.
They will infiltrate Nicaragua, going in clandestinely.
That's the reason I do it.
Carl C. Icahn, the chairman of T.W.A., said he would like to discuss a takeover of Eastern with the unions.
A subsidiary corporation was formed in June to oversee development, in the same way that the Times Square redevelopment has its own corporation.
He added the free throw to put the Bulls ahead, 114-109, and the Knicks never recovered.
''In choosing recipes I have generally avoided ''haute cuisine'' and passing fashions (no octagonal black plates and gossamer-thin pools of sauce for me),'' Mr. Davidson says.
Look at it how we may, this is a metaphor for a life, or a world, in ruins.
New Role for the Shuttle Last week a solar storm heated and expanded the atmosphere, increasing the drag on the low-flying satellite and raising the odds for a blazing demise.
in fact as well as in name.
The transaction was valued at between $280 million and $300 million.
He touched it again, and nothing happened.
And we'd have to hold Joe Montana under 100 or 120 yards passing.
But he added that he considered the low number of executions in 1988 ''a blip in the curve.''
More than a half century after Gilman's death in 1935, such notions seem long gone.
Two restaurants, cocktail lounge, two pool bars, saltwater pool, tennis, casino, shopping arcade on premises.
She also said that in the fall of 1983, she witnessed a clandestine meeting in which an American military officer gave Mr. Yildirim a briefcase containing classified documents describing a sophisticated American system for telephone eavesdropping in the Eastern bloc.
Suddenly it was 1 P.M. and someone would catch the maitre d's eye, raise his empty glass and nod his head.
Proposals by both Squibb and E.T.S.
The anti-abortion position is identified with and has been pushed by the Republicans, with some individual exceptions.
announced that it was advising all its employees to avoid taking American planes in Europe and the Middle East, other companies said they too would have to consider the question.
Unbeaten in their last four games and the last six road games, the Devils faltered in the league's most imposing venue.
Announcing the deal in London, Floris A. Maljers, chairman of Unilever N.V., the Dutch arm of the British-Dutch company, hinted that Unilever might be interested in still further American expansion.
For some financiers, this raises the question of how long Tokyo will be willing to put up the money and let Washington play the role of the leader.
It uses less plastic than traditional -and larger - two-hand alternatives.
''We also have daily meetings with the hitters on how to attack that day's pitcher.
The two youths were special-education students at Smith, which specializes in programs like carpentry, electronics and oil-burner service and installation.
temporarily closed Eastern Airlines' maintenance operation at Kennedy International Airport after finding that the carrier had failed to insure that its planes were properly maintained there.
Most sites are in isolated locations, to avoid urban distractions.
For teen-age boys, it is a ''Madison Avenue conservative punk'' cut, said Paul Maciag, one of the salon's owners.
Mrs. Seggos called Wagner a ''prophet'' whose understanding of ''archetypes'' holds a message for us today.
On one level, the Administration has decided that it both can and should continue to encourage gradual change in East Germany.
I think he's made up his mind, but he hasn't told me.''
''Cold fusion has been kind of a wild party, with everyone having a giddy time,'' said Dr. Harold P. Furth, the director of the Plasma Physics Laboratory at Princeton University and a skeptic about cold fusion.
Mrs. Masloff was City Council president last year when she was appointed to fill the vacancy left by the death of Mayor Richard S. Caliguiri.
'' The man, he continued, then inserted a needle into his intravenous tubing.
''It was before the days of rapid delivery and refrigeration,'' said Mr. Jepsen, ''so we packed the cake in a box surrounded by unwashed potatoes to retain the cake's moisture and keep it from breaking up.
Her father demanded she give up her house keys, and she walked out.
Before it was ''rectification of the economic environment''; now it is ''retrenchment of the economic environment and deepening of the reforms.''
Terrorists manipulate our concern for the lives of individual hostages to overcome our natural instinct for self-defense.
Air Force 42, Utah 38 SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - Greg Johnson rushed for three touchdowns and the Air Force quarterback, Dee Dowis, scrambled for two of his own as Air Force held off Utah's last-quarter charge.
Beginning writers and those who have not achieved commercial success are further threatened by the quirks of the book distribution system, in which the non-blockbuster is not pushed by either salesmen or bookstores.
is allowing Dr. Summers to continue testing THA, but in no more than 45 patients.
Minnesota Study The factors that lead some children to become abusers while others become excellent parents is being revealed in research at the University of Minnesota.
Lower interest rates make United States securities more expensive and, therefore, less attractive to foreign investors.
Digital's Hong Kong computer was a popular system among West German hackers because its security was known to be lax.
It turns out that he is a compulsive gambler in deep trouble with his creditors.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ruled that driver error was responsible for sudden acceleration in Audi 5000 models .
American Brands left 245 Park in 1988, and Colgate Palmolive and ITT are considering leaving their buildings at 300 and 320 Park.
It's so green here in the upper reaches in the summer.
Lindy Ruff, scratched from the lineup for the Rangers the night before, suffered the indignity quietly, professionally.
Camille Oehler, a 26-year-old field representative with the American Cancer Society, was elected president of the 125-member chapter here last month.
Also in deference to tradition, the defending champion performed his first-round match with aplomb: Stefan Edberg of Sweden breezed past Chris Pridham of Canada, 6-3, 6-4, 6-1.
Unlike some other bel canto operas (''Lucia'' for instance), the ''Barber'' is a jewel whose every facet sparkles perfectly.
The Hicks, Muse investment group includes members of Crosman's management and Wand Investment L.P., a New York partnership consisting of S. G. Warburg & Company and the investor Bruce W. Schnitzer.
When Strauss's mightiest tuttis challenge, moreover, nothing eclipses Miss Marc's ability to make herself heard.
They'd see it - you'd go around Washington, around New York, the Bowery - and it's been happening for a long time.
In announcing this year's festival, Joseph Papp, the producer of the New York Shakespeare Festival, under whose aegis the Festival Latino appears, said the film segment of the project would become a competitive event.
But several residents who protested their bills have been reassessed using market rates.
He denounced the renovation as a ''boondoggle'' and ''a typical example of waste,'' and said he was particularly incensed by plans that call for a waterfall spilling over a rock cliff into a newly constructed lily pond.
Children of women whose milk is highly contaminated might show such effects after four or five months, the newspaper said.
Not very bright, they actually become reckless, at one point attempting the kidnapping of a woman on a busy street during the day.
He said his version of the 1978 meeting was based on his memory and notes made in his datebook.
I've been guilty of that in every meaningful relationship I've ever had.
Mr. Gold, with others, founded the coalition for people with acquired immune deficiency syndrome in 1985.
The foundation plans to petition the agency this month to ban corner posts on cribs and require manufacturers to recall 12 million cribs with corner posts.
''As I have said before I have never used any illegal drgus, purchased or been given any illegal drugs,'' he said.
He was declared dead at 12:15 A.M., minutes after being strapped into a chair in the gas chamber.
A Navy fighter jet preparing to land at Dobbins Air Force Base here plummeted into an apartment complex and burst into flames tonight, injuring at least four people.
They appeared to be in their 20's or perhaps early 30's, and none were known as leaders of the anti-Government protests in Shanghai.
Regional advertising is nothing new.
To replace screening fastened by a spline, you will need an inexpensive tool called a spline roller (shown here) and replacement screening cut about two inches longer and wider than the frame opening.
Panama's total debt exceeds $5 billion.
The housing character of Maplewood owes something to the attitude of a general partner in the development group, Craig Lamb, whose mother had lived in one of the four houses he assembled for his 27,000-square-foot building site.
The Administration is working on legislation to carry out the economic aid plan that the President took to Eastern Europe last month.
But Mr. Rodale found no guidance on what to say to the staff when it assembles today at the old Rodale farm near Emmaus, Pa., for a party in celebration of its banner year.
The teen-ager, Gata Kamsky, was one of 14 Soviet players who came for the competition, the New York International Open, which was held at the Penta Hotel.
''If I were to dictate technology or how to sell in Europe, we would go backward,'' he said.
He said that in the new model of computing, the mainframe would not disappear.
He loves the sense of live theater, he added, and had wanted to create something that would make each audience feel unique.
Whether such an approach would work in four-year colleges, many of which are eager to increase their academic prestige by behaving like research universities, is an open question.
Mr. Bilzerian testified that in the Cluett, Peabody transaction, he placed an order with Jefferies for 400,000 shares of the company at $30 a share.
''In God's workshop, He makes some people different,'' he explained.
to loosen up a little bit for the rest of the day because you've saved calories.
Father Tomlian offered the 8 A.M. Mass in memory of Mr. Demattia.
Fred Friendly, the journalist, will serve as moderator.
''You put more than five rounds in a traditional semiautomatic hunting rifle and you've got a gun the Bush Administration would call an assault rifle,'' Mr. Lesmeister explained.
But look at the strides women have made in this last decade.
''We don't know what else they were doing,'' she added.
Like other courses of its type, the Barnard course is enormously popular.
The turning point in the talks came on Wednesday, when Texaco agreed to make a major distribution to shareholders rather than making a larger buyback of its stock.
The turbulence created by the global economy is probably going to increase for quite a while.
They're heading for the last roundup at the 40-year-old Bar Double-R Ranch, but the trail bosses hope they can find a new pasture for the only no-cover, no-minimum, country-music basement nightclub in downtown Chicago.
As fearful as the ancients to sail past the threshold guardians at the edge of the known world.
's position and said that if carried out, the proposal would erode the tradition of financial disclosure that had been a central tenet of securities regulation for 55 years.
One day, crossing the Mekong River on a ferryboat, the girl catches the eye of a rich young Chinese.
''Anything that follows will come after,'' we hear a senator say, and suddenly, unmistakably, we have wandered into Alice in Wonderland, where words do indeed mean what their speakers mean them to say.
The book, ''Personal Fouls,'' was written by Peter Golenbock.
Lorenzo Mendez of the United States Marshals Office said tthe ship was impounded Sunday.
That prevents potential conflicts between competing contractors working alongside each other.
Although industry officials insist that the problem involves a relatively small number of irresponsible people, they began a round of meetings here this week to come up with some policy to address growing public concern about reckless skiers.
Almost nobody seems to like them: even Vincent Tese, chairman of the New York State Urban Development Corporation, a parent agency to the 42d Street Development Project, said in an interview last autumn that ''the towers may be big and ugly, but the numbers work, and what's important to the developer is economics, not size.''
Gen. Burton R. Moore said an Air Force review has concluded that the radar poses a potential risk to aircraft with internal EED's, like those used to power ejection seats, as well as to aircraft with the external devices.
Strengths and Weaknesses The report noted some strengths in the economy, in particular its more than six years of growth and 5 percent unemployment rate, the lowest in 15 years.
Over the last three years, banks have reduced their holdings of tax-exempt paper by $78.7 billion, the association said.
''I don't think, though, that the camera's presence is the only reason for this film's benign, almost sweet manner,'' Mr. Canby said.
Rhoda said, wiping away tears.
''They're afraid of losing control of their colonies.''
Spending by Employers It also envisions substantial additional spending from private sources, mainly an estimated $10 billion from employers to extend health insurance coverage for workers.
''If you go too low, you have to be concerned that there will be a problem with the quality of care.''
Francisco: ''Words can wound as much as swords'').
Typically, the groups will pay a nomininal amount for the real estate they acquire from the city - usually $1 for a building - in return taking responsibility for the day-to-day management of permanent, subsidized housing.
An estimated 100,000 Shiites live in the Hejaz.
Imperial said the latest fourth quarter loss reflected loan loss provisions of $52.6 million which represent the effects of fraud by a third party seller- service of certain automobile contracts, the writeoff of a corporate loan, and an extensive regulatory and accounting review of Imperial's asset portfolios.
Ms. Finley is one of the few monologuists who springs directly from a ''purist'' tradition of performance art, crediting 70's conceptual performers like Vito Acconci and Chris Burden as influences for her own work.
Other observers found an unexpected justice in Miss Suh's failure, citing in her playing the kind of incredible, yet musically mindless, facility that so often succeeds at competitions but that so far has failed to do so here.
Conversely, when voltage is applied to such a substance, it undergoes a mechanical distortion, twisting or bending, expanding or contracting, said Scott Chou, technical general manager of the Hattori Corporation, which makes Seiko watches and other brands.
What are the symbolic actions that we perform?''
Aurelio Buarque de Holanda Ferreira, the author of a 1975 dictionary that became the best-selling book in the Portuguese language, died at home here on Monday.
Hypercard cards are all the same size, designed to fit in the 9-inch window of the basic Mac.
Workers Kept Going Mr. Grant had earlier replaced the sidewalk in front of City Hall with the interlocking pink brick, with the city's gratitude.
Large dinner parties have never been my favorite form of recreation.
He said he also intended to seek legislation regulating labor unions, whose Marxist-Leninist leadership and hostility to foreign ownership are often blamed for the absence of foreign investment in recent years.
Dr. Sundt's team drilled at least one hole in the right side of Mr. Reagan's skull and inserted a tube to drain the blood.
For this year, since I still work in New York City, I get to pay taxes on my New Jersey income not only to New Jersey but to New York State as well.
''I'm going to the States,'' she said with a smile.
He is particularly partial to the 20-ounce insulated mug from an Inland Food store outside Panama City, Fla. ''But I love them all because they're inane,'' he said.
Jon Smith, the city planner, says: ''We are considering up to 3,000 more units in a commitment to populate downtown with dwellings and leisure activities as well as offices.''
The reports from Dresden said that thousands of East Germans descended on the station there soon after the announcement on Tuesday that trains would be sent to Prague to carry out the 11,000 or more East Germans who had overrun the West German Embassy and refused to leave until they were granted passage to the West.
I'm not sure yet who will hit fourth for us on Tuesday, but we'll have someone who's a legitimate run producer.
Weight Body weight, more than any other individual characteristic, is strongly related to blood pressure.
''I think he's been there, been ready not to be so unpredictable,'' said Bob Ojeda, one of Fernandez's close friends on the team.
Senator D'Amato, a Republican, was Presiding Supervisor of Hempstead, a sprawling Nassau township of 735,000 people, before his election to the Senate.
They start at size 18, and allow ample women to be anything from Cleopatra to a devil.
Polling has become far more commonplace and more professional under Mr. Gorbachev, with at least two Soviet centers offering opinion research for both Soviet and foreign clients.
We need nurses to do nursing, and qualified ancillary hospital workers to do non-nursing tasks such as transporting, dietary, clerical paperwork, cleaning.
In the emerging multi-polar world, Washington will find that its ability to influence events will be diminished.
Both Ziegler and Becker placed among the top 10 finishers in the 1988 Olympic trials.
It is said that even the culverins and basilisks used by the town's small Christian garrison to fight the might of Turkey have been given a scrub.
While it is vital for an executive to consider how a story plays in the media, in a war generals manage the battle, not the reconnaissance.
The love duet preceding her solo had its own eccentricities.
A Prince Charlie jacket combined with a good pair of blue jeans, dress shirt and a polka-dot tie of some strong color is a look with some style to it.
Mr. Casolaro reviewed the entire 12 weeks of testimony, hitting hard at what he called the ''lies and inconsistencies'' of Mr. Steinberg's explanation of what happened on the night before Lisa was taken to the hospital.
It said the question of whether the clubs could be classified as public accommodations warranted a hearing before an administrative law judge.
record for shots in a game with 147, surpassing the 132 by Illinois against Colgate on Dec. 30, 1948.
The figures at all the institutions were lower than expected, Dr.
The teacher, worried, visited the house and discovered there was no baby.
In an address here, the president spoke about his family's loss and said that ''a cure for AIDS must be found at any price.''
Sigurd Kleiven, commander of the Senja, told the Norwegian news agency NTB, ''We had to break through a belt of ice three nautical miles wide and two and a half meters thick and that slowed us up from reaching the Maxim Gorky, which was in open sea.''
His decision added instant credibility to a project whose organizers have maintained a low profile.
On Tuesday five European banks announced the formation of the Soviet Union's first joint venture in banking: the International Bank of Moscow.
''All of a sudden through this dark shroud an object you couldn't even see before comes down in a blaze of shattered pieces.''
George Welsh, the Cavaliers' coach, thinks so.
Melvin Simon & Associates of Indianapolis, the country's largest manager of retail properties, recently became the general managing partner of the project, which had been delayed several times by financial difficulties since being approved by the city in April 1987.
''We are all so disappointed by his decision to stop,'' said a spokeswoman for the publisher Editions Flammarion, Murielle Beyer. ''
advised stores to remove Chilean farm products from their shelves after trace amounts of cyanide were found in two seedless grapes during an inspection of Chilean fruit last weekend in Philadelphia.
U.S. WEIGHS ENVOY TO REBELS WASHINGTON, March 17 (Special to The New York Times) - Secretary of State James A. Baker 3d is preparing to name a special ambassador to the Afghan rebels, a State Department official said tonight.
Daley Has Lead in Poll In the most recent poll, a telephone survey of 682 voters conducted from Feb. 8 through Feb. 10 by a Chicago television, WBBM, Mr. Bloom was the choice of 11 percent of those polled, while Mr. Sawyer had 33 percent and Mr. Daley 43 percent.
''You know: 'Hey, why're you doin' this?
Then disconnect the tube leading from the bottom of the tank and drain any remaining gasoline.
Following his death, there were several exhibitions, although an arrangement between the artist's widow and a New York dealer, Charles Egan, unfortunately produced only one gallery show between 1963 and 1980.
The plan would freeze food prices while lifting controls on prices for materials farmers need, such as diesel fuel and fertilizers, leaving them to the upward drift of the market.
Suddenly, the man moves ahead, leaving the woman behind: a strong piece.
The trick will be to induce states to control them without relinquishing Federal oversight.
''I talked all spring about how we were going to have to play this year because of the team we have,'' said Green.
In contrast to Wall Street investment firms, Mr. Karmin said Rodman's major profit center remained the retail side of the business, dealing with individual investors.
''We are truly fiddling while Rome burns,'' said Judith Senderowitz, executive director of the Center for Population Options in Washington, a nonprofit organization that focuses on adolescents.
At 6 feet 1 inch and 216 pounds, Fuller led the 49ers in solo tackles last season in earning his second Super Bowl ring.
Tickets, going on sale today at Radio City, are $30 and $25.
The combination of the unanticipated law firm controversy and the failure to hire a strong media consultant to creating the candidate's message has troubled the Giuliani campaign.
Many of her pupils were the children and grandchildren of the people Cather immortalized in her Nebraska stories.
Throughout the dispute, neither Christopher Keene, who succeeded Miss Sills as general director, nor Robert W. Wilson, the board chairman, would speak about the strike.
Under the law, enough students will have to move out to bring the home into compliance by July 1, 1991.
''The most important part is to keep fit, stay healthy and enjoy myself for the next three weeks until we come to the French,'' Lendl said.
He was also said to have been offered property belonging to Gene Autry near the Angels' training facility in Mesa, Ariz.
When an official deadline for the investment companies to provide full statements of their dealings expired in early November, few had complied.
Official announcement of the new government is expected Saturday.
But we need the extra supply from the Hudson River to help us through this drought.''
very nice to Merle and very nice to Willy, who was then prepared to teach me.''
But now, sadly, the peregrine falcons have all been shot by bird hunters, and no longer nest in pairs on the cliffs.
Voters gave their approval to a thorough restructuring of city government, including the abolition of the Board of Estimate and the redistribution of its powers to the City Council, the mayor and the Planning Commission.
''It's not to impress the girls; it's for everyone.''
Here again, his new ''Triptych'' was full of movement surprises and played on disparity of body type.
Even some transplanted Texans are surprised how many of them there seem to be.
Ms. Dunham was effective as the secondary soloist; Michael Boriskin was the pianist.
Reserves La Russa could use Ron Hassey as starting catcher against some of the right-handers, though he sacrifices defense (Steinbach threw out 40 percent of base stealers, Hassey 28 percent).
''Have a comb,'' he says to a male shopper leaving a supermarket in Garden City Park.
Past Crimes Alleged Ms. McDermott, 32 years old, and Mr. Iannacone, 42, are charged with violating the civil rights of eight men they arrested for sexual abuse, jostling and larceny.
''I was meeting players, and the first thing they were saying to me was that they wanted to be traded.
United States District Judge Miriam G. Cedarbaum dismissed the suit because she said the company failed to make a case on constitutional grounds.
At about the same time, Mr. Lauder became finance chairman of the State Republican Committee, when he said it was $1.5 million in debt.
Granted that bulldozers and backhoes are almost always yellow and dirt is dirt, Mr. Himler takes earth tones to an extreme.
What they don't do, Deputy Sheriff Lindstrom said, is get involved in community affairs.
and the State Division of Substance Abuse Services, the program involved personnel from three private groups: the Manhattan Bowery Corporation, the Volunteers of America and the Association for Drug Abuse Prevention.
There's been a lot of talk, and everybody's been thinking he got a raw deal.''
The pistol that John Hinckley used to shoot President Reagan was traced within minutes and was found to have been purchased with an expired driver's license and with no mention of Mr. Hinckley's history of mental illness.
Walt Disney rose 7/8, to 93 7/8, The company said that it had adopted a shareholder rights plan to protect shareholder interests.
She relayed the request to Jerusalem but got no answer before my column was published, on Oct. 22.
One is that few Americans can teach non-Western material.
Other large New York City banks are also expected to announce lower profits in the coming days, analysts said, because the interest rates they pay on funds borrowed in the wholesale money market increased faster than the rates they charge on loans.
He was drawn back into racing by a 1984 crash involving Rick Mears, one of Sullivan's teammates.
The Nets may be the poorest-shooting team in the National Basketball Association, and tonight they missed some easy shots early.
The second group on the bill, Accept, a heavy-metal group from West Germany, was a lot less pretentious and, if not quite as viscerally thrilling, came close.
I turn 41, and we escalate my treatment.
If I wouldn't like, I wouldn't have asked.
If convicted of the charges brought Monday, Mr. Alexander faces up to 40 years in prison and $1.5 million in fines; Mr. Baker Sr. faces 20 years and $520,000, and his son faces 45 years and $1.7 million in fines.
The assets to be sold include the United Artists studio and a 4,000-film library that includes the James Bond, Rocky and Pink Panther movies.
Visitors are allowed access to the grounds from sunrise to sundown; tours and adequate maps are provided.
The continuing sharp rise in health-care costs reflects increases in the number of visits to doctors, the volume of expensive medical tests and the costs of prescriptions.
Initially, Mr. Lantos said, he saw his job as responding to the April report, which dealt primarily with a housing rehabilitation program that generated lucrative consulting fees for a number of well-connected Republicans.
People outside of New York are thirsting for new musical experiences.''
In another interpretation of the Jesuit ideal, Santa Clara forbids faculty members to do nuclear weapons research and the university does not invest in companies conducting business with South Africa.
Although the incident was said to have taken place on Thursday afternoon, reports of it were not made public in Kabul for more than 36 hours, shortly before the Sikhs here gathered to mourn.
After much discussion, they voted on a compromise plan to trim the payoff to teachers who had qualified for merit pay.
''It's not like it was when this town was 8,000 people and pig farms,'' Mr. Impreveduto said.
I feel that Bart Giamatti was and is this year's m.v.p.
Denying rumors, the company, whose headquarters are in Chestnut Hill, Mass., said that it still owned 17 percent of Cadbury Schweppes, the British candy and soft-drink maker, and that it was not talking to anyone else about selling its stake.
''I look at Will every day,'' Mitchell said, ''and know he's going to do something outstanding.''
No Return to the 1950's Most economists say there is a limit to how far rates can fall now, even in a recession.
December was the 29th consecutive month that the index, which is seasonally adjusted, exceeded 50 percent.
They had categorized his possibilities.
If Rob Thompson had reached base, Zimmer would have summoned Paul Assenmacher, a left-hander, to pitch to the left-handed hitting Clark.
B. Wightman, a group vice president at Duff & Phelps Inc., said Household saw spinning off the manufacturing operations as ''the best path to higher shareholder value.''
When it is highlighting the irrelevant and forgetting about what it's supposed to be about, ''I Love My Wife,'' can be ingratiating.
''We use real 18th-century models,'' Mr. McNamara said.
Beyond these issues, the review would allow the Bush Administration to get away from the pressure of trying immediately after inauguration to develop a detailed strategy for proceeeding with the arms control talks in Geneva aimed at reducing long-range missiles and other strategic forces.
For those who prefer bottled water, Dr. Moss has these recommendations: * Check the bottle label to see if it lists the fluoride content.
(Repeated attempts to reach Goldwater for comment were unsuccessful.)
The House of Demel, unlike the Hapsburgs, is extinct; the last descendant of Christoph Demel, a confectioner's journeyman who in 1857 took over the long-established business, died in 1956.
A big pink ribbon held back her pale curls.
Soviet officials had not previously released a casualty figure, although Western officials who monitored Soviet naval radio reports said the death toll may have been 11 or 12.
These days, companies even signal to the ministry what key technologies should be on its annual list of urgent projects.
Strawberry, burdened by minor injuries, is still saddled with a .234 batting average.
I would much rather have been in Paris, in those seminars at the Societe Francaise de Psychoanalyse.
The Hambletonian will be the first test against colts for the daughter of Baltic Speed.
The company said share earnings do not reflect a 2-for-1 stock split distributed April 13.
The report on the normally conservative nightly news program, including the results of an opinion poll in six Soviet cities showing disapproval of the voting, was a remarkable public rebuke of the conservative majority that has demonstrated its control in the opening days of the new Congress of People's Deputies.
And here's this middle-class Jewish kid from Long Island arriving in a tuxedo.
Still, in its 12-foot-by-50-foot space, Kitchen has far more ingredients than a quick glance would indicate.
There was outrage in the United States and other Western countries when the Papandreou Government allowed another Palestinian terrorist suspect to leave for Libya in December on the grounds that he considered himself a freedom fighter.
Analysts are studying Penn Central with renewed interest, seeing the cash-rich telecommunications and military technology company as a hedge.
Nettie Jones seems obsessed by hidden things: desires that prompt extreme behavior, language that conceals emotions and, in ''Mischief Makers,'' the inescapable effects of hidden racial identity.
A spokesman for the Pakistani Embassy in Washington said today that his country does not possess a nuclear device and believes that such weapons would be ''profoundly destabilizing'' for the south Asian region.
To prove that Mirandolina's charms cross over to the commoners, Fabrizio, the inn's servant, is another of the enamored ones.
Five years ago, in the week before Thanksgiving, I received a phone call from my friend canceling a date we had made to work on a newsletter.
''We wanted to show family life as it really is,'' Mr. Smith asserts.
Computer-aided software engineering, or CASE, is a process that is supposed to simplify the creation and maintenance of computer software.
In 1980, for instance, the national undercount was estimated at 1 to 2 percent but at 7.5 percent for black males.
RICE - Named Ted Gill, defensive line coach, and Scott Conley, running back coach.
Globalization has also raised the concern that American wages will stagnate, growing very slowly while the wages of workers making the same products in countries like Taiwan, South Korea and Singapore catch up.
Joseph E. Coleman, the Democratic President of the City Council, retained Mr. Bowser to challenge Mr. Kurland's opinion on behalf of the Council, and Mr. Bowser filed a lawsuit in May.
Her father was the president of Story-Kelly-Smith Inc., newspaper advertising representatives in New York, and the advertising director of The Daily News in New York.
The report opposed forced testing, but recommended that prisons and jails make anonymous testing available and encourage inmates to consider it.
In some cases worked with former Interior Secretary Watt.
Last Monday, Mr. Menem announced his appointment for vice president of the central bank: Antonio Erman Gonzalez, his current finance secretary in La Rioja.
''My brother is a well-known and competent lawyer in his own right,'' he said.
How would you ease racial tension?
''Just because there are not any spoken words does not mean it is mime.
The mere scheduling of such a gathering, in which they answered free-wheeling questions from Bulgarian and foreign reporters, was of itself a remarkable event in this country where, Mr. Lilov acknowledged, fear had been rampant.
Wave of Mergers Predicted John A. Pancetti, chairman of Manhattan, who will retain that position after the merger with Williamsburgh, predicted that as interstate banking is allowed, ''there is going to be a wave of mergers in the banking industry, and we would be subject to a hostile takeover without an ability to choose our partner.''
Soviet ballet is personified, for many American dancegoers, by Vladimir Vasiliev and Yekaterina Maksimova, two of the Bolshoi Ballet's longtime stars.
''Either employers are going to move more aggressively to H.M.O.-like arrangements, or employers are going to roll over and say, 'Bring on some kind of national health-care scheme,' '' Mr.
It's complex because he spoke five languages, and he spent time in Fiume, Trieste and Croatia, and he's both Italian and Jewish.''
It seemed appropriate to do it just before the Los Angeles fair.''
(AP) - Bill Houlder, a defenseman, scored an unassisted goal with six seconds remaining to give Washington the tie.
everyone asks in the face of a sudden and ominous barrage from the Moscow propaganda machine aimed at the Baltic republics' movements for greater independence.
A young, upper-crust British homosexual meets a like-minded older man and together they learn that gay culture cuts through the boundaries of class.
''A 16-year-old boy should be allowed to go where he wants to go,'' he said, ''There's no such thing as off limits, this is not Russia.
''The political solution has a role, and it may realize its objectives,'' he replied.
''It creates a 'you scratch my back and I'll scratch yours' mentality,' '' he said.
Shares in most of the new companies did well last winter and spring but showed scant gains over the summer.
The Gastons considered moving to San Antonio so he could be closer to his children, but they decided to remain in the Toronto area, where he is only the second uniformed member of the Blue Jays to live year-round.
A second solar approach, using the sun's heat to boil water and make electricity, is also showing promise, and the most prominent builder of such plants in this country is an Israeli concern, Luz International.
By the early 1990's, G.E.
Universal Health is an acute-care hospital concern based in King of Prussia, Pa.
Taped or computerized sounds figure in several other Wuorinen works, which are known for technical rigor more than the light touch.
ISLAND HELICOPTERS, East 34th Street and the East River, 683-4575.
''This could well break down,'' the representative said.
Mr. Hays and his first wife had a daughter, Martha Brigitte.
Mr. Grant, 49 years old, an Iraqi emigrant who came to the United States 13 years ago from Israel and changed his name from Uri Chyavi, has developed and traded in real estate in Canada and in the United States.
His father, a general partner in Lazard Freres & Company, the investment bankers in New York, served as an assistant director of the Bureau of the Budget during the Johnson Administration.
But nothing will happen unless the Administration takes a tough stand.
Mr. Hashimoto, 52 years old, had been an early rival in the race for Prime Minister but withdrew when senior members of his faction blocked his candidacy.
Mr. Fraga was a critic of Mr. Rapanelli's policy of keeping an official exchange rate fixed at 652.5 australs to the dollar.
The report, which is the committee's second, recommended that the State Departments of Transportation and the Treasury be given the authority to monitor all requests for toll increases; that the authority's capital improvement program be completely overhauled, and that operations at the Garden State Arts Center be removed from the authority's management.
In ''The Lost Angel,'' for example, we gasp for the plight of a sweet, trusting little girl.
''We are not a company that is on its knees by any means,'' Mr. Johnston continued, ''but we're not as competitive as we can be in the marketplace.
The bridegroom's mother, Martha Poulton, owns Marmaison, an interior design company in Columbus.
Financing for the project is coming from the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce.
Perhaps even more important, the Big Eight have seen their profits eroded as a result of slow growth in their bread-and-butter auditing businesses and sharply escalating costs.
Mr. Dinkins talks about sending ''educational SWAT teams'' into failing high schools, but what they are is anyone's guess.
To the light of hurricane lamps, the French owner and his son serve grilled fish and fist-size shrimp on rough boards.
Many experts feel that despite public desire for an end to ''money politics,'' change will be slow.
More flickers, longer this time.
The party, starting at 7 P.M., will benefit Covenant House, the Times Square refuge for homeless children.
Unisys, a supplier to the Pentagon of computer-information systems, obtained the Aegis contract, valued at about $100 million, from the Navy in April 1988.
Tim Luscombe, who did the British version, will direct.
''Staples drags me out of the office, sort of like a fresh-air trip,'' she says.
Writing in The Book Review in 1987, Patricia Mandell said this novel ''insightfully portrays the inexorable and irreversible deterioration of a family.''
The scientists, Robert L. Parker and Mark A. Zumberge of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography at the University of California at San Diego, said more sensitive geophysical experiments might still uncover some reason to believe in the fifth force.
''Once again, the intent is to turn water into land, and we oppose it for the same reasons we fought Westway,'' said Marcy Bienstock, head of the Clean Water Campaign Inc., who was the most outspoken foe in a 12-year fight to block the highway along the Hudson River.
It has never played in the final round, and although emotions were high, the fans were friendly.
He added that most of the affected employees have at least 15 years' seniority, entitling them to long-term income support after the expiration of their supplemental unemployment benefits.
How can the parties survive with such tiny enrollments and skeletal staffs?
Getting married and making babies and friends along with careers are not retrograde things to want.
The company's refinery, across the bay from San Francisco in Richmond, and its pipelines throughout the Bay Area are operating at normal capacity.
In ''The Afternoon of a Writer,'' the nameless writer rises from his desk with the feeling that it is all right for his work day to end early.
It flouts the notion frequently promoted here of the Soviet Union as the ''common home'' of all Soviet citizens, and takes the aggressive republic one step farther along its path to self-determination in political, economic and cultural spheres.
With assets of $23 billion, Irving is by far the largest bank to have been acquired in a hostile transaction.
908 Joining 201 and 609 Responding to rapid growth and economic development, New Jersey Bell will establish a new area code - 908 - to take effect in 1991.
We are fortunate in having reached this point, but through our 20's we had to work at other jobs in other fields.
The Savannah River Site, a 300-square-mile industrial complex near Aiken, S.C., is the nation's sole supplier of tritium.
He said the investment bank's capital position remains in excess of $70 million.
Of the rest of the students, about 31 percent use magnification or video aides, 17 percent use audio readers and 31 percent are nonreaders.
According to the Treasury, the value of debt-financed takeovers was $160 billion from 1983 to 1988, 15 times their value in the previous five years.
No true student of the arts born of American civilization will be able to avoid opening ''The Swing Era'' and seeking out the riches it has made available.
The average annualized rate for the 1983-89 period is somewhat less than 23 percent, which is not horrendously above what Mexico is paying to obtain new financing abroad.
Dr. Smilkstein questioned Manuel in Spanish.
Billy Owens and Stephen Thompson scored 21 points each tonight as Syracuse used an early 21-4 run to rout Virginia Commonwealth, 100-73, and move into the final of the Carrier Classic.
There is a daily score card of drug-related murders.
He is suspected of the crime.
It was not published at the time, to Mao's anger.
Felder declined to say what Givens's minimal settlement would amount to, adding, ''There's a private understanding not to discuss terms or their personal lives.''
He was 73 years old and lived in Portsmouth.
Campos said the group's first budget for the challenge was $24.7 million.
For the U.S., at least, there is a new, formal acknowledgment that the East is changing and the opportunity to pin down cooperative agreements on security, stability and general civil intercourse must be grasped.
''Beyond that, there's an issue of fairness here,'' said Senator John M. McHugh, a Watertown Republican who was a sponsor of the bill.
When he rose to speak, Mr. Rostenkowski asked that the cufflinks be returned, suggesting the oversight could be corrected.
With the understanding that lives are at stake, the commissioner must follow Pete Rozelle's lead in establishing that there is no room for compromise on this issue.
About 179,000 Cambodian refugees now live in the United States.
''We've switched to an oil-and gas-fired system,'' said Kenneth P. Marion, an official at the Kings Park Psychiatric Center.
Analysis of Matrix investment data.
''I can't remember everyone who helped,'' Mr. Sheldon said.
''We would have executed nearly 600 convicts to protect us from five.
The Howard Beach incident occurred on the morning of Dec. 20, 1986, when Mr. Grimes and the two other black men exchanged racial slurs with some of the dozen local teen-agers who later confronted them outside a pizzeria in the predominantly white area in southern Queens.
analysis to correlate these elements with material associated with an improvised explosive device proved inconclusive (exhibit 306 of enclosure 295).
''And in the third stage, customers - starting with big business customers - use computers connected to the bank to do more of the work.
The debt reduction techniques have been in use for several years, with limited success.
The Israeli radio reported that all entry routes to the zone had reen closed off, and that Israeli Army forces were trying to determine how the sheik's truck entered the zone.
Since the release of my book, at least two former ranking guerrilla officials have come forward in the Philippines to confirm the new evidence I offer and to add to the existing knowledge of the bombing.
The Englishman should have played the careful 14 .
Vice chairman of Kissinger Associates since 1982.
''The great importance of [ this book ] is that it makes it impossible not to ask such questions.''
Economy Congress plans to take its first close look in years at how the Federal Reserve makes economic policy.
They find out they have put their money into the wrong kind of private insurance and then have to scrabble around for the documents to get Government help, which is supposed to get them back on their feet - not make up for their losses.
Thousands of miles from Boston, oblivious to the excitement, Stephen Thomas sat on an ice floe in the Alaskan Arctic.
While the budgets for full-scale weapon development and for the ''Star Wars'' antimissile defense program have fared well despite the budget squeeze, spending for basic military research and exploratory development has steadily declined since 1983, down in dollars adjusted for inflation from $3.1 billion to $2.7 billion today.
In that case, the California Public Utility Commission refused to allow the utility to increase rates to recover about $2 billion of the plant's $5.8 billion cost.
Investment bankers from Wasserstein, Perella & Company and the Blackstone Group are taking Wickes private, in effect canceling the wager placed by those investors.
In contrast, a chest X-ray exposes a person to 10 to 20 millirems, each of which is one-thousandth of a rem.
The style of the new record is different from the group's metal-oriented 1986 debut, ''License to Ill,'' which sold more than four million copies.
Bearing placards that read ''Animals Suffering For Petty Human Amusement,'' the protesters took particular offense at an advertisement in a local weekly newspaper that explained how to prepare a slug for cooking.
''Little Ease'' was based on the same principle.
A RESIDENT of a Chicago suburb died two weeks ago from a rare African viral disease that he caught after flying to the funerals of his parents in Nigeria.
Blocks filled with brownstones and limestone row houses were everywhere, and had come to seem stultified and dull.
Plunkett Dies Sherman Plunkett, the Jets' offensive tackle of the mid-1960's, died Saturday of cancer at a Baltimore hospital.
''We're not talking a mansion,'' said William D. Davies Jr., a partner at Heidrick and Struggles Inc., an executive search firm in Greenwich that helped the town develop the plan.
As he speaks, he moves through the courtroom's tables, chairs and exhibit stands with darting, balletic strides.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Ohio Art Co (AMEX) Qtr to Dec 31 1988 1987 Revenue 22,467,000 21,287,000 Net inc 1,330,000 1,862,000 Share earns 2.58 2.94 Yr rev 61,572,000 63,858,000 Net inc 3,174,000 4,484,000 Share earns 6.16 7.06 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The exchanges are expected to broaden in the next few months, with lower-level officials participating in extended programs.
It now vitiates very scarce capital and technical resources and skills.
There is simply no other way to insure fair play.
''In most cases, it comes down to a popularity contest, 'Is this a good company or a bad company?'
It is accessible not only in its clear tonal centers and phrase lengths, but in its arching vocal line, so responsive to the dramatic imagery.
I would like to see all of those who are criticizing Sotheby's instead spend their time forming a consortium to buy the book.''
Andy Hawkins, Clay Parker, Dave Eiland .
At its heart is Mr. Bakker, the 49-year-old evangelist who founded PTL, which stands for Praise the Lord or People That Love, in 1974.
''The question quite often is: 'Is the member accessible?
To The Living Section: Although I rarely go to dinner parties where those in attendance are demanding Me-Me guests with very specific dietary restrictions, I greatly enjoyed Molly O'Neill's observations about this in her article [ ''I Don't Eat .
Asked Her for Directions The latest victim was an 11-year-old Long Island City girl, who was assaulted as she returned to her family's apartment at 3:20 P.M. Tuesday, Inspector Prestia said.
Meals begin with a basket of warm French bread, a curlicue of herb butter and a plate of garlic- and herb-infused toast rounds.
In a interview before the most recent wave of protests, Mr. Rushdie said: ''What the religious fundamentalists are saying is: 'God sent the Koran.
''We forget that it's just a normal reaction to an overtightening of the bolts.
Mr. Darman said Mr. Cheney has thus far resisted this exemption because it would mean that other military programs would be forced to take a cut greater than the expected 4.3 percent to make up the difference.
The importance of a patient's mind and emotions.
''It will require deep pockets and time to sort out the winners from the losers,'' said John Perriss, worldwide media director for Saatchi & Saatchi P.L.C.
''Richard Barr was part of the dream we began with when we were young and building Off Broadway,'' said Colleen Dewhurst, the president of Actors' Equity.
Addressing more than 1,000 people at the dinner, he said their community was ''an ideal vehicle'' for better communication with the United States.
A player who might go through 25 or 30 wooden bats at $14 apiece can survive a season on one $70 metal bat.
A gunman roused the family from their beds, blindfolded them and shot them, the police said.
Because millions of American workers cannot read, write or reason well enough to do their jobs, demand is growing for programs to teach adults literacy and technical skills.
The joy was pure and utter.
R. JAMES GORMLEY Evanston, Ill., March 8, 1989
''If there is a common denominator in what was collected, it is art that doesn't challenge the viewer,'' Mr. Moran said.
Mr. Klein spoke too soon.
I kept telling him he was in elite company, but he had a tough time understanding this was what the market brought.
Dealers will inspect the cars and repair any defects at no cost to owners.
After all the others were introducted - after Mickey Mantle, Whitey Ford, Billy Martin, even Ron Guidry, who retired last Wednesday - DiMaggio trotted onto the field, waved his cap and took part in a ceremony to honor Lou Gehrig at Monument Park between the two bullpens.
One of the few virtues of Gramm-Rudman-Hollings was that it ended most off-budget spending dodges.
This series of unwanted attentions - and Joan's efforts to fend them off - form the fragile comedic skeleton of the British writer Mavis Cheek's first novel.
Either approach is valid, but it's my name that's on the show, and this is my point of view.''
Tested on employees in Germany a century ago, it made them feel ''heroisch.''
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Farr Co. (OTC) Qtr to Sept 30 1989 1988 Sales 18,164,000 18,444,000 Net inc 577,000 515,000 Share earns .20 .18 9mo sales 56,448,000 53,938,000 Net inc 1,917,000 2,074,000 Share earns .67 .73 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
5 2 GRACIE, by George Burns.
Long List of Goods Beyond that, the concessions are steeped in conditionally worded promises of progress on things like pensions and vacation time, but the consumer goods list constitutes a most tactile and exacting passage of labor-management verbiage.
Party officials and other knowledgeable Hungarians have for several months reported indications of a below-the-surface power struggle, in which Mr. Nyers and Mr. Pozsgay have clearly advocated more change than has Mr. Grosz.
I was slightly worried about her potential income from this field, but I was relieved that she had found a career niche that would keep her interested.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* GV Medical Inc. Qtr to March 31 1989 1988 Revenue 1,174,409 940,663 Net loss 716,337 878,702 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
By the same token, most Democrats adhered to one of their party's fundamental positions: that wealthy people should pay higher taxes.
Kyle Boice, manager of Federal Systems Engineering for Zenith Data Systems, which last year sold more than $500 million in computer equipment to the Government, said, ''Our goal is to insure that those with disabilities can use computer systems and industry standard software just as an able person can.''
The chief, incidentally, is also the sultan.
Detroit was far too slow in taking its Japanese rivals seriously.
To prevent this, put large-surfaced, hard-plastic protectors, casters or glides under furniture legs and appliance bases, even those already equipped with small protectors.
''It is not the building.
Among them were four ''squeakers,'' or youngsters, now old enough to make their first flights.
This effort to portray Hirohito as mover and shaker leaves the impression that for more than a half-century he was more accustomed to being reverently pushed around.
Often they have been separated from their original text, so that the public has no way of knowing how they were first issued.''
If conventional arms control agreements are reached with the Soviet Union, the forces will be cut even more.
When we began filming, I saw how the meticulous rehearsing paid off.
Eurailpasses, which allow unlimited travel in 17 countries, would be valid in West Germany, but not in East Germany.
Brazil, the other nation on the list, defended its import barriers.
In a dark carpeted room, with security agents and military officers hovering protectively around the 64-year-old President, he pledged to install democracy and fight drug trafficking, he briefly answered a few questions and then he wished everyone a happy stay in the country.
Professor Heilbrun said she felt that the nonfiction category should be expanded.
''We used to be in the same street gang together,'' Dr. Tyehemba said later.
It joins Meredith's stable of magazines that includes The Ladies' Home Journal, Sail and Better Homes and Gardens.
Tom Evert promised the audience a ''short and sweet'' program on Sunday afternoon at Eden's Expressway, when the Tom Evert Dance Company presented an informal showing of his dances.
Although Mr. Rayner's odyssey is floodlighted by contemporary culture, his love affair exhibits none of the changes of the past 20 years, other than the fact that the last of the Playboy Clubs closed recently, forcing bunnies to look elsewhere for work.
(In a calmer moment, he adds a pragmatic argument: ''Race, politically, is a loser.'')
Among the most significant, she said, are reduced red and white blood-cell counts, which can require dosage adjustments or discontinuation of therapy in some cases.
''That's one way of putting it,'' he said.
Intended for viewing at Newark high schools, the video shows teen-agers who were injured or killed in crashes of stolen cars.
We have a million schoolchildren in New York City who could provide the long-term solution to our problems.''
And a senior Foreign Ministry official talking to reporters about Mr. Takeshita's trip suggested that Mr. Tower ''has to learn a great deal about the fact of our security relationship.
Sources of Dispute The budget contains several other likely sources of controversy: * When Mr. Bush freezes military spending, as he would do in 1990, he allows an increase to keep pace with inflation.
''It would've given them control.
Alberta Pierce, a spokeswoman at the Sussex County Board of Realtors in Newton, said that office was not aware of any previous or current house trading in the area.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Provena Foods Inc (OTC) Qtr to March 31 1989 1988 Sales 7,727,503 7,488,847 Net inc 180,003 179,409 Share earns .07 .07 Shares outst 2,596,909 2,617,040 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
That bid resulted in a battle for the company after a management investor group led by Wasserstein, Perella joined in the duel.
Studio Was 'Organized Chaos' Barry Blackman, an award-winning photographer who lives in Fair Lawn, said that before his wife recommended that he talk to Ms. Schlenger, his Manhattan studio was the site of ''organized chaos.''
But it's a charmer, and a new EMI recording (49369, two CD's) with Wolfgang Brendel, Kurt Moll, Barbara Bonney and Peter Seiffert serves it well.
Jefferson would serve all sorts of corn dishes, accompanied by French wines from his vast cellar, to delegates and international statesmen who came to visit him in Washington and Virginia.
In Catholic southern West Germany, women complain of doctors' delaying tactics and often go to the more lenient northern part of the country or the Netherlands.
And at least one of the smokestacks is a sham - it serves as a signpost for Kehrasaari, an industrial estate that has been transformed into a complex of boutiques and handcraft shops.
And last week, Dr. Orr-Cahall refused a formal request from her staff that she resign.
Today they are just citizens, and while it is unlikely that personalities and foibles of the royal family here will become as familiar as those of Britain's royalty, Akihito and Michiko seem likely to chip away at the ''Chrysanthemum Curtain'' that has made emperors into mysteries.
The Duvas and Finkel were in Los Angeles on Tuesday to watch Mandarich work out in a local gym.
McEnroe explained his third-set tantrum as a case of yet another misunderstanding between the Cyclops machine, a linesperson, the umpire, and himself.
Antiques and Indian Art, Pier 90, 12th Avenue at 52d Street; 212-627-5956.
With one minute or so left before the midnight deadline for trades, the Mets landed the big one tonight when they acquired the ace pitcher Frank Viola from the Minnesota Twins for Rick Aguilera, David West, Kevin Tapani and two other young players.
Tune accomplishes in the coup de theatre that brings the evening to a close.
His doctor told him he would have a heart attack within two years.
In May, more than a year later, the bank board took over Lincoln, with $5.5 billion in assets, saying it posed a threat to the banking system.
Many readers have been inspired to organize their own real-life Baby-Sitters Clubs.
Now we let our hair down, and nobody rushes to treat it with mud, wax, heat, cold, aroma, seaweed, dye or hair dryer.
While it may be just a coincidence, a lot of refreshing changes have been taking place ever since.''
Like shifting sand, everything at Coney Island changes.
Travelers with an air ticket to Rangoon can deduct $170.
The police said the couple told the students they were researching the ''sexual potential of the mature female'' as part of an ''Oxford University project.''
''It could very well be that they don't know anything,'' she said.
There were some indications that the Governor's tongue was at least partially in his cheek when he issued the statement, but Mr. Marino, Republican of Oyster Bay, L.I., said there was no humor in the situation.
Deficit With Canada Jumps The deficit with Canada, the biggest American trading partner, soared to $1.16 billion from $471 million, partly reflecting the resumption in August of automobile production in both countries, analysts suggested.
To the Editor: Having been ordained a Roman Catholic priest nine years ago, I absorbed your July 9 article on the declining numbers among the American clergy with great interest.
This deal has the advantage of producing higher earnings faster.
If they spoke they had difficulties or were not heard.
As for the sound on the latest videodisks, it is in stereo and comparable to what is normally heard from CD's.
* Imo Industries is offering $150 million of 12 percent subordinated debentures due 2001 at 100 through Morgan Stanley & Co. Noncallable for five years, the debentures are rated Ba-3 by Moody's and BB- by S.&P.
''We have not seen the study in question and can't comment on it,'' Mr. O'Rourke said, ''but the risks of influenza, particularly to the elderly who can suffer thousands of excess deaths in an epidemic, clearly outweigh any circumstantial evidence not to treat patients.''
That display, which was not seen by this reviewer, consisted of recent paintings on paper; this one is of painting-assemblages done earlier in the decade.
Home Shopping and GTE went to trial June 19 in a case in which Home Shopping accused the telecommunications company of inadequate service and faulty equipment.
But gradually he came to identify with liberal writers and intellectuals.
And more of those who do, appear there only rarely.
People could express their impatience or grievance without risking actual change.
b-After a charge of $3.2 million.
If, as expected, Dr. Forbes is approved by the members of the congregation on Sunday, he will become the fifth senior minister of Riverside and the first black to hold the position.
And what baby today would settle for just a carriage?
Economists say the Korean economy, which has grown at more than 12 percent a year in the last few years, will slow to about 7 percent this year.
Many business people who have dealt with him as Borough President described him as experienced and reasonable.
Delta fell 3/4, to 74 1/4.
We find it's only 25 percent.'
That promised to spare this city's antebellum mansions much potential damage from the bulge of water that rises in the center of a hurricane.
''These men genuinely don't like one another.
In addition, Administration officials say that this approach would be a useful way to press recalcitrant third world nations to go along with a global ban.
I hope the primary winners do not believe it.
Some of the best, or at least most successful, opening variations look like desperation.
The two American pieces included in this series, both animations, are first-rate: Michael Sporn's ''Abel's Island,'' based on a William Steig book, and, coming later on, John Matthews's version of ''Frog and Toad,'' from the books by Arthur Lobel.
Focus on Bundesbank For many technicians, the downside resistance levels for the dollar yesterday were 125.5 yen and 1.828 marks.
State and some Federal examiners also asserted that top Washington regulators had severely hampered their examination of Lincoln.
Mullin, averaging just 4.6 rebounds this season and 3.3 over his five-season career, had 15 by halftime.
Beneath floors, insulation should be pressed upward so that it touches the underside of the subfloor.
''Vagabond Globetrotting, State of the Art'' by Marcus L. Endicott came out in 1984, and the author says he spent four years revising it for the 1989 edition.
Why should an edifice take more than three times the time to build and 20 times the cost than was originally planned?
In a typical removal project, the work site is first cleaned, using specially filtered vacuum units for floors and curtains and steam-cleaners for carpeted areas.
Mary leaned forward, her fingers twisting anxiously.
And now attempts to evaluate black and Hispanic superintendents as a group cause some of them to bristle.
The restaurant, in a one-time farmhouse built in 1845, has exposed timbers, a fireplace and two wood stoves.
's have resisted any effort in this direction, perhaps out of fear of what arbitrators would write.
b-After a gain of $550,000, or 10 cents a share, resulting from the cumulative effect of a change in accounting for income taxes.
''Yes, there have been a number of incidents, but if you take them apart piece by piece, the only thing that relates them is a chunk of calendar time,'' said Philip Condit, executive vice president of Boeing Commercial Airplanes.
The most recent EMI disks are devoted to Richard Tauber in operetta arias (CDH 7-69787-2), John McCormack in popular songs and Irish ballads (CDH 7-69791-2) and Dame Eva Turner (CDH 7-69788-2) in operatic arias.
''She was really looking forward to it,'' Mr. Kinnison said.
Class - Mike O'Brien, Point Pleasant, N.J. International DN Class Gold Cup - Mike O'Brien, Point Pleasant, N.J. North American DN Class - Ron Sherry, Mount Clemens, Mich. JUDO U.S. Senior Champions 56 Kgs.
''It is a daily discovery process to see what you can really wring out of a joint operation,'' Mr. Whitwam said.
chairman, Richard G. Ketchum, the director of market regulation for the S.E.C., spelled out some inadequacies of the collar.
Mr. Reagan made his comments during half an hour in the Oval Office with reporters from The New York Times and six other publications.
This silent eloquence also sums up the message of the other plot, which concerns the crimes contemplated by a beloved and respected ophthalmologist.
Ending aid is one condition of a regional peace package that provides for the withdrawal of Cuba's 48,500 troops in Angola, and independence for Namibia.
Careful About Blame The police said that when workers from the Medical Examiner's office arrived about 90 minutes after the first ambulance crew, they found Mr.
Gilbert, seeded fifth, broke the second-seeded Edberg at 5-6 in the final set to force the tie breaker.
CHARLES PERROW New Haven, Aug. 1, 1989 The writer is professor of sociology and organizational behavior at Yale.
One book store worker was trapped in the basement for a while.
What form, I wondered, would the bank's last communication with an old and valued debtor take?
* Vernitron Corp., Lake Success, L.I., a medical-equipment company, said it would continue its $23-a-share offer for Kollmorgen Corp., Hartford, an electrical machinery concern, despite Kollmorgen's rejection of the bid.
There are other guys on the Duke team who are bigger stars, and who had thicker statistical numbers in the game, and for the season, and who make the all-everything teams, but it is Snyder who, as Danny Ferry, the best player on the Duke team, has said, ''is the glue'' of the team.
''This is a Rubik's Cube - there are 10 constituents involved here,'' said Lewis Davis of Davis, Brody & Associates, the architects.
And that was no accident.
He said 1989 ''won't be as good, but we've been wrong before.''
''When we first started, the F.B.I.
In any event, what we hear from the period-instrument musicians is at very least a different species of interpretation, one based more on the search for historical evidence and stylistic nuances than on personality.
The move would provide an urgently needed replacement for the cramped and outmoded academy; it would revitalize a community, too.
Differences Are Reconcilable Still, ''I'm easygoing,'' he said.
To the Editor: Something must be done to make affordable housing possible in New York State.
If the reductions survive the budget process, Grumman officials say they would have to cut more than 5,000 jobs, or about 25 percent of the company's work force.
He described Baker Nye as ''my investors'' but said he will be the major owner of the new firm.
Camel-fanciers can compare a camel by Jean Dubuffet with a camel by Jean-Baptiste Hilaire.
Mr. Haraszti said that Andras Kery, head of the State Population Registration Office, put the margin of victory of the yes votes at no more than 6,000 to 7,000.
At Hunter College in Manhattan, students decided to maintain the sit-ins until their demands are met.
Roosevelt certainly did that, with the help of his Progressive ally, the great conservationist Gifford Pinchot, and Mr. Bush clearly hopes that he has found a counterpart in William K. Reilly, head of the Environmental Protection Agency.
Scott attends Kent Denver Country Day School and Ojas goes to St. Nicholas School in Chattanooga.
In the meantime, the key to viewing satellite television will be owning a descrambler, or decoder.
In the last three years Torrington has become a haven for developers of homes in the $120,000-to-$250,000 range, building on minimum lots of 15,000 square feet.
Mrs. Bell, an associate director of the Industrial Bank of Japan Ltd. in London, graduated from Chateau Beau Cedre in Clarens, Switzerland, and St. Godric's College in London.
Many people say that this bureaucracy is probably the most powerful of its kind among all the industrial democracies to be represented at the summit meeting.
The museum has been trying to recover from the firestorm of criticism that erupted as a result of Dr. Orr-Cahall's abrupt cancellation in June of the Mapplethorpe retrospective, which included sexually explicit and homoerotic images.
''For some peculiar reason I never really have,'' he said, adding that his wife is ''a confirmed smoker.''
But critics of drug education programs, old and new, contend that far too little scientific evaluation has been done to know for certain.
He is an artist, and cartoon characters are his favorite subject.
In addition, the company will be aided in fulfilling a pledge it made in June to distribute a total of $1.7 billion to shareholders.
Margaret Sidney also celebrated the triumph of pluck over poverty with her best-selling ''Five Little Peppers and How They Grew'' in 1881.
''A 4-year-old English boy would go to the seaside and send home to his 84-year-old grandmother what we would call a 'dirty' postcard.
The lawyer, Greg Schroeder, said he would appeal the conviction.
But the Israel broadcast authority banned the airing of the film.
It can count on Billy Ray Smith to pressure quarterbacks and Leslie O'Neal, a roving linebacker, to fool the offense.
''Maybe I'm just an albatross,'' he said.
The Damavandians, as the text and illustrations make clear and as my dictionary confirms, are of those romantic nomadic, horse-obsessed bowmen tribes of northern Iran who blend in my imagination with the Magyars and other high-cheekboned heroes enshrined in children's literature decades ago by Kate Seredy's novel ''The White Stag.''
chairman in the assorted sanctuaries of the seriously rich and powerful.
He is also credited with helping to improve quality and with fostering the creative environment that produced the popular Taurus and Sable models.
The concert, at 7 P.M. Sept. 12 at Damrosch Park, Lincoln Center, can be heard live on WQXR FM (96.3) and AM (1560).
The group is also seeking to increase to 100 percent the tax deduction of the cost of health insurance for self-employed business owners.
It properly describes the pain and feelngs of displacement that waiting for available nursing-home beds engenders.
But the German offer reportedly included accepting repayment of a defaulted billion-mark loan (the equivalent of about $500 million) in Polish currency and providing an undisclosed sum in new credits.
The first is a compromise financing plan to increase the money to be spent on fighting drugs by $1.1 billion in this fiscal year and allots most of the extra money to expanded or new programs for drug treatment, education and prevention.
Information: Colorado Indian Market, Post Office Box 13006, Boulder, Colo. 80308; 303-447-9967.
The program also includes games for children, hayrides, music and spinning and weaving demonstrations.
13 * 8 8 THE FORTUNE, by Michael Korda.
Mr. Wright is said to have arranged bulk sales of the books as a substitute for speaking fees and to have reaped royalties from those sales far in excess of publishing-industry standards.
''I auditioned the whole voice faculty there,'' he says, ''and decided that none of them was for me.
Admittedly, these sentiments may be somewhat difficult for Mr. Steinbrenner to comprehend, but as a member of an official Olympic commission, he should try.
Coach Jim Schoenfeld of the Devils lashed out at his players again tonight after the team's fourth loss in the last five games at Byrne Meadowlands Arena.
They could be pardoned at a later time.
Diners are warmly greeted by one of the concerned owners and are delighted by the come-back-for-more combination of Colonial ambiance and 20th-century kitchen know-how.
I had quite different experiences.
Some 40,000 people trekked in Nepal in 1988.
One of his reported tactics was ingenious: Tianjin apparently was one of the first cities to give student demonstrators free train tickets to Beijing, so that troublemakers would march in the capital instead of on local turf.
The Warriors' freelance motion offense is unpredictable, yet explosive.
''We are not opposed'' to harmonization, responded Yves Lambert, director of France's Air Traffic Services, roughly the equivalent of America's Federal Aviation Administration.
Not that any one Eames artifact, not even his landmark plywood chair, was the lightning rod for modernism in the United States.
But instead of producing an anti-capitalist screed, which might easily have escaped public notice or been dismissed by critics, Mr. Moore made a parody, mocking G.M., as well as the efforts of President Reagan, the singer Pat Boone, the Rev.
And it doesn't relate too well with these feet people.
He is to be succeeded by Chris Stals, special economics adviser to the Minister of Finance.
New York City shelters for homeless adults provide inadequate and costly services, State Comptroller Edward V. Regan said in releasing audit reports yesterday.
Reflecting both the high stakes and the unusual competitiveness of the race, accusations are flying in every direction.
By comparison, about 47 percent of the inpatients at the city's public hospitals receive Medicaid.
Some analysts said the figures indicated there would be further production cutbacks this year.
Season passes are $50; $35 for children, and $150 for a family of four.
Even so, its threatened closure has prompted a petition with more than 5,000 names.
Mr. Schimmel also played Mr.
The researchers note that the Spawn system creates a nonlinear, or chaotic, system and as a result, no two experiments yield exactly the same result.
And they used a demeaning brown paper bag, that still sticks in my craw.''
RABBI MARK L. WINER Jewish Community Center White Plains Mr. Hadad replies: Rabbi Winer was not misquoted, according to my notes of the meeting at which he spoke.
Advocates say that while state and city officials continue to argue about the plan, hundreds of people with AIDS-related illnesses are being forced to live on the streets because they are afraid to stay in city shelters.
Steamed Rape With Tomatoes 1pound tender fresh unblemished rape 2tablespoons olive oil 1tablespoon finely chopped garlic 1/2teaspoon hot red pepper flakes 4small plum tomatoes, about 1 pound, cut into 1/2-inch cubes Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste.
They celebrate birthdays with chocolate cake and ice cream.
He produced his first film, ''Czechs and Balances,'' broadcast last year on the Showtime and Arts and Entertainment channels, on a shoestring budget using film school classmates who wanted practice as directors, cameramen and gaffers, jobs they are not yet qualified for professionally.
A year later, the Soviets send nuclear missiles to Cuba; the United States forces their removal.
BL&P projectile about three-feet one-inch into the rifling with the blast blowing back through the gun house into the turret officer's booth, into the left and right gun rooms, and down through the powder trunks and vents to the lower levels of the turret.
''But I'm afraid other people are looking at it saying what's happened does not enhance the possibilities of election.
Accommodations> As yet, the Turks and Caicos lacks a grand tradition in hotels.
''I'd be all for what it takes to get rid of steroids,'' said Fuad Reveiz, the Miami Dolphins' player representative, who is serving on the National Football League Players Association's steroid committee.
If so, at what age is advertising acceptable?
Campaign Shared With Agency Joseph Switalski, assistant manager of the G. M. passenger car merchandising program and one of five judges of the students' work, said he was so impressed with their professionalism that he asked the winning team to present its campaign to top executives in Detroit in the hope that the program could be carried out nationally.
In London, Americans are so comfortable with the sense of shared culture and interests that they feel right at home.
'' his friend, Representative Charles B. Rangel, soliloquized. ''
''We see their heart and how they approach the game.''
''But 25 percent are 41 or younger.''
The prose here is in league with the dreamy, visceral and landscape-driven essays of Kim R. Stafford, Gretel Ehrlich and the early Barry Lopez of ''Desert Notes'' and ''River Notes.''
Authority, parental or otherwise, is clearly a delicate issue on shows geared to young audiences.
Grandma kept her sweater hanging on her chair and Grandpa always wore his.
It may not be the wisest thing to escort two strangers back to your room.''
The gunman, whom the police identified as Marc Lepine, was described as an intelligent, articulate young man who did not smoke, drink or take drugs.
I like to make it turn purple and go upside down.''
Participants in a spring tradition tested the folklore that eggs will balance on end more easily on the first day of spring or autumn when the forces of the solar system are in special alignment.
CBGB'S RECORD CANTEEN, Giant and Friends, Hypnolovewheel, Blood Oranges, Zen for Primates, Big Wheel and the Slickee Boys.
Damiani plays regularly with a group of Frenchmen who have won world titles.
In a handwritten note signed ''SRP,'' Mr. Pierce told his secretary, Ms. Eckert, to direct Thomas D. Casey, a H.U.D.
The clothes shown encompassed everything from the ordinary to the extraordinary, from ''signature'' looks to surprises, both good and not so.
Mr. Metzger said he drew on his own collection of film memorabilia, which fills 50 file cabinets.
Soon to turn 83, he is looking beyond the troubles of the past.
Sir James Goldsmith has come to America to try to persuade legislators and regulators that his takeover bid for B.A.T.
The bank was founded in 1933 by the General Motors Corporation to provide banking services to G.M.
In other countries this is not the case.
Some critics were quick to criticize Mr. Bush for offering in his Inaugural Address noble sentiments unsupported by specific proposals.
After the war, General Collins taught at the Command and General Staff School and at the Army War College and held Pentagon posts in personnel and manpower capacities.
Their work was being routinely destroyed with an odd sort of viciousness.
Trustees of the Whitney Museum of American Art are debating whether Thomas N. Armstrong 3d, the museum's director since 1974, should stay on in that post, according to board members who would not speak for attribution.
Aside from its tonal properties, the viola is one of those instruments in search of more extensive recital repertory.
At that point, Barry, a 34-year-old school teacher, entered the picture and, he says, on learning that his brother planned to publish a rival paper, he accepted the offer Bob had rejected.
Every step and gesture was defined with a clarity and simplicity that made them shimmer as parts of a flowing whole.
A spokesman for the Ministry of Tourism and Wildlife said today that the parks had been set up in the Ruwenzori mountains (the Mountains of the Moon) bordering Zaire, in the Bwindi forest in Kigezi district in the southwest, and in the Muhavura mountains bordering Rwanda and Zaire.
Lift the pointed ends of the shells and scrape out the spongy portions between the shells and the body.
Seven years ago, Beeld caused a stir when it predicted that sooner or later the Government would have to hold talks with the Congress.
-Andrew L. Pincus Barber: Cello Concerto; Britten: Cello Symphony Yo-Yo Ma and the Baltimore Symphony Orchestra conducted by David Zinman.
In late trading, the Treasury's 8 7/8 percent bonds due in 2019 were offered at a price of 102 1/8, down 18/32, to yield 8.67 percent.
But Mr. Hanlon and Mrs. Martinez, a nurse who adopted Eliana as an infant in her native Puerto Rico, insisted that Eliana needed to be with other children if she were to develop fully.
''Then Nolte called me a day later,'' said Mr. Hill, beginning an expert imitation of Mr. Nolte's raspy voice, ''and said, 'Whaddya think, Walt?'
The deli carries Acme Bread and three kinds of Italian mineral waters.
They now say they are taking a new tack in that pursuit.
The number for reservations is 475-7710.
Today, that uncertainty has been greatly reduced.
He became president in 1956, after his father's death.
Wayne Levi, Bob Lohr and P.H.
The play is the first part of ''An Evening in Two Acts'' at the Connecticut Historical Society, 1 Elizabeth Street.
Still, for many listeners of the time, popular entertainment was exactly what this music was.
She urged doctors and other health workers ''as part of their daily routine, to advise patients about the importance of safety belts and the use of child safety seats to prevent injuries.''
Saab-Scania's car division reported a loss in the first six months of 1989.
Mary Spencer and her two eldest have passed away; Earl Spencer is 62; the oldest, Napoleon, 74.
It was comforting not to share the sunset with 60 other passengers on a loud double-decker boat that smelled of the afternoon's snorkeling trip.
The second key failing of most economic models is that technology is treated statically.
After Fred McGriff struck out, George Bell singled to score Moseby.
It was a $1.5 million bet.
This year he lost Sherry Weitzen and Cynthia Saunders, both of whom had master's degrees and were making $25,000.
Equally unnecessary was the Court's invi-tation to state legislatures to seek new loopholes.
''The Revolution demolished the old order,'' he says, emphasizing the chaos and hardships of the period.
In the mornings, one might see Delhi's many devout walkers busily scurrying from one goal to another; in the evenings, hundreds of parakeets and mynahs noisily home in on their trees, bee eaters dart after winged insects and weaver birds fly in and out of their pendant nests in the palm trees.
- Jack G. Moortel, Director, Governor's Alliance Against Drugs
Indomitable wears a sparklingly white sailor suit.
''Bad news if a guest shows up to check in,'' Mr. Richey said.
It was an understanding that was sensitive to their position and to ours.
There were six opinions, none joined by more than three Justices; the only statement for which there was a majority was ''the judgment is affirmed.''
In 1979, he sold out to become a consultant, advising foreigners on investments in Israel.
They were willing to risk ostracism from Chinese males to be socially involved with the Africans for the pleasure of their company.
The tide is strongly pro-execution.
But Sanchez Vicario, who seemed able to use adversity to force her game to a bolder level, held serve as Reggi piloted three returns directly into the net.
Our concern is that the money go where it was promised.''
Though he thought the play appeared dated, Jedi said it still spoke to a contemporary audience.
ORIOLES 11, TIGERS 4 BALTIMORE (AP) - Mickey Tettleton hit a three-run homer and Phil Bradley singled, doubled and tripled as Baltimore recorded a season-high 15 hits.
After the actual diamond lead, South can win with the diamond king, draw trumps ending in his hand and take a heart finesse.
Complied With All Requirements Officials from Sterling and Oxford say that the plant poses no environmental hazard.
We can wait a few days more.''
A Majority Becomes the Focus Since Mr. Gonzalez's re-election had long been assumed, the question whether the Socialists could hold on to their parliamentary majority came to dominate the campaign, with all opposition parties arguing that the governing party's political monopoly had resulted in abuses of power.
The American record felt great when I was on the mat, but then I started thinking about my next goal.''
Michael Douglas probably commands a small fortune as an actor, after the success of ''Fatal Attraction'' (a Jaffe-Lansing film) and ''Wall Street'' (Oscar, best actor, 1987): ''Let's just say I've been offered $14 million.''
''Most people make an emotional response to others within five seconds.''
When I was in Dam Dek, the special brigade (made up of strong young people who were given extra rations and who also had to work extra hard) began to imitate the Khmer Rouge and sleep in hammocks.
The percentage of workers has not been calculated while delegate elections continue, but the spokesman offered two examples of the problem: the Baltic province of Slupsk, with only 1 worker and 2 farmers among the 22 delegates, and the central area of Kielce, with only 4 blue-collar workers among the 44 delegates.
Many of the highest claims ask for $4.5 million in compensatory damages and another $2.5 million in punitive damages.
Barbara Paulis of Austria struggled to beat Larisa Savchenko of the Soviet Union, 6-1, 5-7, 6-4.
It is a small wonder that Darien's ''Damn Yankees'' is a more idiomatically precise production than the City Opera's poorly cast ''Pajama Game'' which, oddly, made no attempt to re-create Mr. Fosse's dances.
Mildly decayed sills can be repaired by using two-part wood hardener and filler.
The agency reported apprehending 1,964 non-Mexicans, the majority of whom were Nicaraguans or Salvadorans, in January, and 2,350 more in February.
But you can't misjudge Africa by the people who have misused it.
Democratic leaders repeated their dismay over the court's ruling and promised hearings to explore ways of protecting the flag.
correspondent in China, Alan W. Pessin, was expelled from the country, along with a reporter for The Associated Press.
To encourage private savings, I favor a capital-gains tax rate that decreases as the holding period increases, reaching zero at, say, five years.
Her big emotional moments have the spur-of-the-moment artificiality of acting class.
Mr. Camilo came out with his trio and played a florid set that entertained the audience, with his hands pounding on the keyboards and with glossy Romantic sections and the dull runs of someone who practices too much.
We are grateful he does not physically resemble some of the hard types we observed on the plane into Windhoek: men who could have cleared the bar room in ''Star Wars'' with a single glance.
The old system of almost simultaneous design and construction, called ''fast tracking,'' often turned out to be slower, because work had to be ripped out when engineers discovered that designers had drawn in, say, two pipes or pieces of equipment for the same spot.
''I can't live with pictures,'' he explains.
What Mr. Gagnier has done here is not so much model clay as piece it together using lumps that suggest the residue or discards of the modeling process.
A1 The judge in the North trial appeared to remove many of the remaining national security obstacles to the start of Oliver L. North's criminal trial, but left a key question to be resolved by the Supreme Court on Friday.
India, Brazil and Egypt quickly voiced objections, saying the proposal goes beyond the negotiating mandate of the current talks.
Hetherbull Bounty's Frigate, owned by Jean and Robert Hetherington of Pine Island, N.Y., led a field of 3,438 dogs yesterday at the 60th all-breed show of the Trenton Kennel Club at Mercer County Park in West Windsor Township, N.J.
''After 40 years, it must be possible for us to have vegetable stores that it's a pleasure to go to and, more important, to come out of,'' he said to laughter.
A Federal judge had barred Minorco from acquiring any more Gold Fields stock out of concern that the new company would reduce competition.
Thomson's ''Morning Star,'' Buxtehude's ''Magnificat Primi Toni''; Kevin Walters, director; 11:15 A.M. Information: 686-2770.
died in 1848, at age 80, during a Congressional session.
For New England port towns like New Bedford, the drop has meant fewer jobs and the loss of $570 million in potential economic activity, Mr. Studds said.
His credibility is on the line.
The strongest cultural heritage in the Callejon de Huaylas is that of the Incas, who left the most widely spoken language (Quechua) and a lasting system of belief about the relationship between people and the universe.
has moved steadily closer toward awarding a full-power operating license for Shoreham.
''Some countries are crippled by their population size; a lot depends on the effectiveness by which you can muster your resources.''
Say, don't you remember, I'm your pal!
''There are going to be some winners and losers among doctors,'' said Lawrence B.
''Our aim is to hang on to market share and to gain market share worldwide,'' said Dan Reuwee, a spokesman for the association.
In St. Thomas, Mr. Lewis was convicted in April of selling crack, a smokable and potent form of cocaine, to Federal undercover agents.
''Omar was supposed to be the biggest structure,'' a Western executive said.
The Justice Department action is filed in part under the False Claims Act, which calls for treble damages and allows the Government to recover as much as $230 million if it prevails in the case.
The zestiest lines of Bill Wittliff's script are drawn from the McMurtry well.
Its spokesman, Rabbi Yitzchok Brandriss, said Rabbi Spira was the oldest living Hasidic rabbi.
That program was geared toward helping junior and senior high school students understand the interrelationships of mathematical and artistic concepts.
'Accord Could Be Damaged' ''To reopen discussions now for additional and needless changes can only damage the prospects for a successful agreement,'' the President said.
Actually, he does not sit still.
Whatever appeal its hero, Ignatius J. Reilly, garnered by virtue of being an eccentric outsider seemed neutralized by his more unpleasant attributes: self-absorption and egotism bordering on paranoia; laziness and superiority (masquerading as intellectual superiority); intolerance and misogyny (directed primarily at his overbearing mother and importunate girlfriend).
proclamation published by Reawakening shows that ''The party sets to itself to achieve the nation's moral rehabilitation on a Christian and peasant foundation which for two thousand years proved to be the Rumanian nation's backbone.''
The 'Gorgeous Mosaic' Mostly, Mr. Dinkins's schedule is a composite of what he calls the ''gorgeous mosaic'' of New York City's ethnic and social mix.
''Has all this been tough on your family?''
To roast a chicken, place a small pat of butter between the skin and the flesh of each breast, and season the bird.
The jury that awarded Rock Hudson's lover $14.5 million for emotional distress awarded him $7.25 million more today in punitive damages.
Total net realized and unrealized loss on investments was $1,526,966.
They attended some 30 universities in 18 states, primarily in the Midwest, the Southeast and the Southwest.
And both major suits were due to break badly for South.
Throughout the peaceable Schubert, the listener is uncomfortably aware that ''Mars, the Bringer of War'' lurks nearby.
But go back on your own to chat and browse, particularly in Chinatown.
The dancers get to relax into a balleto-jazz style marked by the pristine attack that is a hallmark of the School of American Ballet, where many of the dancers studied.
Upset by a decision that would limit the jurisdiction of the Governmental Accounting Standards Board, nine organizations representing state and local government officials said yesterday that they would withdraw their financial support from the board and start their own rule-making body.
Thus, the momentary overload (if moderate rather than massive) passes without ill effect.
''I think I've said essentially the same thing in the past.''
The score is credited to Moose Charlap and Carolyn Leigh, with ''additional'' music and lyrics by Jule Styne, Betty Comden and Adolph Green.
''The way I see it, Dinkins is too soft,'' said one man.
''These are the ones that contaminate the neighborhood and supply local junkies,'' he said, offering the argument that T.N.T.
''Our economy is as strong as it ever has been in terms of jobs,'' he said, citing a low unemployment rate and the growth of light technological and service industries in town.
''There are $3 million single-family homes going up at Cob's Landing on the other side of the highway, and plans for the railroad power plant site include a park and marina,'' he said.
Yet baseball is the major professional sport in both countries.
Aurora's graphic images simulate the current method of futures trading, known as open outcry.
The continued rise in short-term interest rates was reflected in yesterday's auction of $7.5 billion worth of new four-year Treasury notes.
Sales sold short and not yet traded rose 2.8 percent rise in the four weeks ended Nov. 15, the National Association of Securities Dealers reported.
The next morning, village people, the brave people - I was not brave enough -went to welcome the Vietnamese.
Concentration on Big Dealers In the Netherlands, although possession of narcotics in small quantities is technically illegal, the police follow a policy of not arresting people for that offense.
On Feb. 28 the King of Nepal will go to Hanuman Dhoka for Basant Panchami, the advent of spring (also an auspicious time for weddings, with colorful processions through the streets).
VILLAGE CORNER, Frank Kimbrough and Jim Roberts, 9 P.M. (Also Thursday.)
This is the company's first earnings report as an independent public company since the restructuring of Zayre Corp. in June.
The program, Project Academus, provides counseling on everything from the cost of textbooks to the pressures of final examinations.
The extensive bibliography is grouped into useful categories, and there are photographs and maps.
Keye's commercials for Suzuki had been widely praised in ad circles.
''Science is a form of competitive and aggressive activity, a contest of man against man that provides knowledge as a side product,'' the biologist Richard C. Lewontin wrote when he reviewed the book for The Chicago Sun-Times.
When coupled with a subsequent shot of prostaglandin, which causes the womb to expel its contents, the drug brings on abortion in more than 95 percent of cases.
Management missteps and a lack of attention to shareholders are behind the dramatic reversal in the fortunes of the Saatchi & Saatchi Company, the world's largest advertising agency and a company that only three years ago was being hailed for its strategic brilliance.
This is not a place to discuss hush-hush business transactions or have a discreet romantic meal, for the staff is always next to you either cooking or clearing.
Industry executives say it is almost certainly too late for machines to make it into stores for the Christmas shopping season this year.
Dr. Sakharov, who must clear another pre-election hurdle before his name is actually placed on the ballot, said in accepting the nomination that he would run on the same platform that has guided him through adulation and persecution - the struggle for human rights, political and economic pluralism, disarmament, environmental protection and the convergence of the socialist and capitalist systems.
Last Monday night, Officer Lozano shot and killed Clement A. Lloyd, an unarmed 23-year-old motorcyclist, who was being chased by another police officer.
Mr. Hoover originally provided film of the sabotaging of the pylons - called Operation Blackout - for CBS newscasts in November 1984.
''You review the staff and we made the best call we could.''
Activity in the secondary market for investment-grade corporate bonds was light, dealers reported.
Libraries are safe, nonthreatening places that reach people ''who wouldn't go to an AIDS lecture or listen to a doctor speak on the subject,'' said Tom Holehan, community services director of the Stratford Library and program chairman for the AIDS Library Project.
When Mr. Schuller becomes so bold as to say that Ellington's attempts at extended composition after 1940 were inferior to a number of later works by other composers, including his own, it is obvious that he has never truly heard works such as ''The Tattooed Bride,'' which is not only a standard for expanded jazz composition but so superior to the pieces listed that it appears the writer is out to do something other than illuminate the gifts of Ellington.
Immediately pour the fresh concrete into the form.
It requires all car owners to report any damage in excess of $1,000 to the Department of Motor Vehicles.
While core deposits fell by $8.1 billion in December, the bank board said that when $8.4 billion in interest payments by institutions are added, there was actually a net deposit gain of $332 million.
Nineteen senators, including the primary sponsors of the bill, Senator John C. Danforth, Republican of Missouri, and Senator Ernest F. Hollings, Democrat of South Carolina, wrote the highway safety agency this spring.
'Negligible Amounts' Afloat ''The order serves as a precautionary measure to insure no oil-tainted crabs are placed on the market,'' Mr. Lucio said.
The village committee, civilians appointed by the Khmer Rouge, also disappeared.
Latest quarter and year continuing operations included the company's proportionate share, $4,832,000 of a charge by CTS Corp. to CTS' continuing operations.
According to the Tower Hamlets district council, 40 percent of the primary schoolchildren in the whole area are Bangladeshi.
A pastoral tone and feeling for revelatory light are also present in the paintings of Mark Wilson (at the Fawbush Gallery, 568 Broadway, at Prince Street, through Feb. 4).
Each person, he said, has to answer to the Communist Party, or, more specifically, to one of the Communist Party warlords, since the party itself is divided into factions.
The Depression had struck New York hard, and only a third of the space was leased.
The panel also heard testimony about an investment by I.R.S.
WEARY of supporting Col. Mengistu Haile Meriam and his endless civil war, the Soviet Union is quietly encouraging Ethiopia to re-establish relations with its old ally, the United States.
He is believed to have been stripped of his powers and he may be under house arrest, but it is not clear whether he retains his title.
The way the Mets lost it wasn't so cheery, either.
The next comptroller, she said, ''can and should be more than a bookkeeper.''
and bank board share a conflict of interest because they compete with creditors to obtain money from insolvent savings institutions, yet they also determine whether creditors have valid claims on the assets.
John A. Georges, chairman, International Paper.
Although neither the box, the board nor the instructions disclose it, each of the 25 companies whose products are listed paid $30,000 for its spot on the board.
''I believe in a God who doesn't make mistakes,'' Mr. Swindall said after the verdict.
He is to be arraigned in Stamford Superior Court on Monday.
Surrounding himself with men from similar privileged backgrounds, with similar attitudes about public service as the highest calling and similar complex financial portfolios, all Mr. Bush had in place when he began his crusade the day he took office was the assumption that ethical scams were committed by ''other'' people.
with Minnesota represented his worst performance in his 19-year career, and Jim Abbott, the remarkable left-hander who was born without a right hand.
Parks commissioners have had to wrestle with these questions for years.
Mrs. Child's delivery, the range of her very distinctive voice, the casual way she wiped her hands on her clothes and picked up something that dropped on the floor, were tailor-made for Miss Stapleton's comedic talents.
The upholstered pieces they are selling are made in their own workrooms, and designs include chairs, sofas and ottomans.
The protesters still seem not to notice that the 1987 reforms cut their taxes much more than the total-income rule raises them.
Severe Nursing Shortage Chief among those problems is personnel.
b-Included a loss of $2,043,000 from an accounting change.
The key component of the income category, wages and salaries, increased $14.4 billion, compared with a rise of $5.7 billion in August.
B1 Courter remains optimistic, despite poor showing in polls B2 Residents have hired social workers to aid homeless people in the area of their street association, from Third Avenue to Seventh Avenue and 51st Street to 55th Street.
Priests in the diocese have been pivotal in defusing tense racial situations, like those after racial killings in Howard Beach and Bensonhurst, and some speculate that a black or Hispanic Catholic might be appointed bishop.
The medical significance of the AIDS virus test was dubious, because then only a few of those infected were getting sick, and with little effective treatment available, a positive test result offered little more than depressing news.
But the agency had followed the law by making an agreement with the publisher to use the song, and not drawing directly on Ms. Midler's 1972 recording of it.
Armed with powerful computers, the scientists are using advanced mathematical models - sets of equations that express the physical workings of the atmosphere - to simulate the world's climate under varying conditions.
With her ponytail, saddle shoes and doll house, Myra looks naive, but she doesn't look 13.
Illness forced her to retire in 1986.
Admission to the museum, at 820 Main Street, is $4, or $3 for the elderly and $2 for ages 4 to 18.
Dr. Buckle is the only member of the state investigating team to be named so far.
''Young people are better educated than they were 10 or 15 years ago,'' he said.
The 1987 statement shows that Mr. Coelho's assets were worth $270,000 to $615,000 and consisted mainly of real estate in California, savings accounts and interests in partnerships.
Under his leadership, Morehouse began to educate not merely future preachers and missionaries but black professionals of all types.
Mr. Savimbi's rebels were excluded from the political talks at Luanda's insistence.
''Now that we have owner-occupied condos and co-ops,'' Mr. Kupferman said, ''we have people who are concerned about solving the problems of the homeless not for the sake of the homeless but because it's a visual problem and property values are at stake.''
The baseball season had officially begun, and for the next six months the game would be the hub of our universe.
Bina Ramani, the owner and designer, adapts saris collected in the New Delhi area into more contemporary looks.
Howe, in his 26 seasons in the N.H.L.
''Hurry up, you,'' he said.
said the brokers ''set about cornering the market'' in the shares.
But there are comfortable old lodges in the rain forest or on the shore of Lake Crescent where visitors are advised to toss timepieces aside and do nothing but read or listen to the sound of the American jungle.
The cast features Peter Boyle as John Poindexter, National Security Council Adviser; Barnard Hughes as William Casey, director of Central Intelligence; Paul Dooley as Robert McFarlane, N.S.C.
To cope, pharmacies have consolidated to gain efficiencies.
The extent to which a property owner would be affected by the regulations, he said, depends upon the size of the buffer zone that is established.
''When they tell me who they have in Medieval Studies, they also tell me the three professors I've had here as an undergraduate are as good a group as I can expect to have as a graduate student.''
Harder to Use Certain Fare The proposed increase in the cancellation penalty on the seven-day advance purchase fare would make it harder for companies to use that fare.
First it was classes in how to be civil to passengers.
Something of great value to society would be lost if the auction houses were to sweep the board.
To people used to freedom they may not sound like much: a few marches, some prisoners released, a meeting or two.
It is unusual to receive a patent on software, rather than a copyright, and some analysts think that this patent could be more important than Apple's closely followed copyright infringement suit against Microsoft and Hewlett-Packard after their windowing software.
Pelvic thrust after pelvic thrust had the crowd going wild.
As sports go, squash racquets has never exerted mass appeal.
''The man is well known,'' Mr. D'Amato said.
''The challenge for us was to gain some respect, especially for our defense,'' said Dan Reeves, the Broncos' head coach.
The Republicans argue that Mr. Reagan cannot be blamed for the decline in income among the poor in the last two years of the Carter Administration, which ended in January 1981.
With Espinoza at bat, Blyleven threw a wild pitch, only his second of the season, to make it 3-1.
The perceived value of a university degree rests largely on the prestige of its teaching - and research - faculty.
He did not know when Mr. Smith was jailed.
The proposals would scale back spring football practice from 20 days to 10 days.
Its display is big - six lines of 32 characters each, compared with eight lines of 16 on the Wizard.
''D'Amato and Cuomo have a mutuality of interest in stopping this guy.''
Weeks This On Week List Advice, How-to and Miscellaneous 1 4 THE WORLD ALMANAC AND BOOK OF FACTS 1989.
They also said they would propose to the Coast Guard that radar tracking capacity be expanded.
At the Susan Bloch Theater, 307 West 26th Street.
The cigarette price increase was defeated by a vote of 337 to 54, with 10 abstentions, and the other proposed increases were defeated by similar margins.
But in a curious twist of logic you suggest that because these millions may now legally move across the border, the Immigration and Naturalization Service argument that illegal border crossings have declined is undercut.
Drug legalization has no great public support.
''The great players,'' Jackson said after the game, ''want to take the clutch shots.''
Only one of 63,000 teachers was fired in 1988 - for conduct unbecoming a teacher.
A concert pianist (Michael York) runs amok after learning that he is dying of a rare disease.
''There's no question that I'd like to lose 10 pounds,'' Mr. Koch said.
A Skirling In the Sinuses The Portuguese are famous for their sad songs, their fados, which are their version of the blues.
That, too, strains belief: can disturbed homeless people truly be persuaded to live with ferry schedules and separation from the mainland?
Salem is the fastest-growing town in Connecticut, in the heartland of the beautiful Connecticut River Valley on the edge of the pristine Devil's Hopyard.
Though what can Mr. McClatchy offer in its stead?
In March 1950, Senator Joseph R. McCarthy charged Mr. Lattimore, a distinguished China scholar, with being ''the top Soviet espionage agent in the U.S.'' Later, with that moderation for which he was renowned, McCarthy modified the charge to ''one of the top'' Soviet agents.
It is a steady customer at feeders, too.
Each time, after an initial denial, Sergei responded to a Vietnam story of mine with a parallel story of his own: about drugs, about wanting revenge on the enemy, about not being able to tell the enemy from the local population and beginning to regard everyone as the enemy.
In the world of sports, 1989 is a veritable gold mine of golden anniversaries, including those of Little League baseball, the National Baseball Museum and Hall of Fame, Lou Gehrig's farewell, Gulfstream Park and the Tennessee Walking Horse National Celebration.
Well over half the people surveyed at a public meeting last month in White Plains said race relations in Westchester County were getting worse.
Mobil said earnings from its chemical segment were up $59 million, to $149 million, reflecting continued strength in petrochemical earnings.
After more than six months, the subcommittee has turned up no smoking gun.
The study's main researcher, C. David Bridges, who maintains his innocence, is accused by the National Institutes of Health of stealing ideas from a rival and using that information to falsify laboratory records in an attempt to claim priority for the discovery.
The leadership's goal, they said, is to lower the overall military presence in the capital bit by bit and to turn over security to the police as soon as order is fully restored and there is no threat of new demonstrations.
Rose was suspended 30 days last year by A. Bartlett Giamatti, now the baseball commissioner, who was then the president of the National League.
The museum is on the lower concourse level at 2 Federal Plaza, 33 Maiden Lane, at Nassau Street.
If no budget resolution is enacted by Congress before next Monday on a bill that would cut the deficit enough to meet the Gramm-Rudman target of a $100 billion deficit, ''sequestration'' - mandatory cuts in both military and civilian spending -will begin at once.
Then subtract an eighth of an inch from each measurement to allow clearance.
Complaints on New Food Rule Robert M. Freeman, the prison superintendent, said the uprising was apparently set off by a rule change barring families from bringing food on visits to the badly overcrowded prison.
In a Nascar race this year, Geoff Bodine's car hit the Pocono wall and went partly through it.
''Having a district judge making telecommunications policy based strictly on the narrow focus of antitrust law is inherently unfair to the democratic process,'' Mr.
A showdown appears to be drawing closer between Eastern Air Lines Inc. and its largest union, the machinists.
The Republicans vowed to fight the battle across many fronts.
But why is favoring some private industries in the public interest?
Time to Toughen Up The combined home records of the Knicks' remaining road opponents -the Sonics, the Portland Trail Blazers, the Los Angeles Lakers, the Phoenix Suns and the Utah Jazz -was 75-10 before tonight.
Mr. Nebeker said he did not discuss how it might have applied to Mr. Gray in the past, but only that it was something of which the new Bush White House and Mr. Gray should be aware.
In ''Internal Affairs,'' directed by Michael Figgis (''Stormy Monday'') and co-starring Richard Gere, Mr. Garcia plays a young internal-affairs officer investigating a deeply corrupt officer.
The theater will probably, and very appropriately, be the Neil Simon.
''Then he kicked her in the stomach.''
$217,000 28 Remsen Street 3-bedroom, 1-bath, 55-year-old colonial; fireplace, attic, finished basement, mint condition; taxes $2,000.
He came to Moscow to pursue not only alliance, Mr. Mazowiecki said, but ''the genuine reconciliation of our peoples.''
And both noted that failing schools contribute to the city's crime and drug problem, a point also made by Mr. Ravitch and others.
In fact, Japanese companies held the top three spots in the semiconductor equipment industry in 1988, according to VLSI Research, a market research firm in San Jose, Calif.
Kelly was edging into that category for me, but this show revealed an artist doing the same as usual, only better.
What we see is not the work of a mere maneuverer.
The problem with negotiations last time was the young players had no idea of the ramifications of what was done.
God has been done away with entirely (although there is not one word in our Constitution to support this) and few educators seem to know right from wrong.
''The next time, I've got to throw weller.''
To prove his repentance, Light has been living alone in Denver for the last two years, but now, he feels, it is time to return to New York City and ''settle the unsettled.''
One report from Khartoum said the police had shot into the funeral procession, but it was not known if anyone was killed.
Department officials said the new audits had identified problems identical to those found in Chicago.
Seattle is now 2-2, same as the Raiders.
The retailer listed its American depository receipts yesterday on the New York and Toronto stock exchanges, with each A.D.R.
Mr. Thomas has a very unique personality, and I would not try to copy him in any sense.''
'' This refrain is heard constantly, even among the Met's severest critics.
But the Morrison team finally agreed to give the actors first crack at their fighter.
Since the faces never change, the reasoning goes, why not the spaces?
Those of the last year when Titus destroyed Jerusalem are the rarest of all.
He got a chance to play when Stefan Edberg, a losing finalist in both the French Open and Wimbledon, sprained an ankle a week ago and was picked as a doubles player only.
Fire Maker, fourth by 10 1/4 lengths after some traffic problems in the Peter Pan, was making just his second start of the season.
''The quarter-cent is inadequate, and probably grossly inadequate, to meet our needs,'' declared Don Perata, an Alameda County Supervisor, who along with other county supervisors has written to the Governor and Legislature urging immediate imposition of a penny sales tax increase.
Conagra, a diversified maker of food products, yesterday awarded the $10 million advertising account for its Country Pride chicken to the Chicago office of DDB Needham Worldwide.
''You're not going to find anybody in East Islip who doesn't know about Boomer.''
''Do you remember the first gift you ever gave the museum?''
President P. W. Botha, leader of the National Party and the Government for the last 11 years, gave up the party position after a stroke and was succeeded by F. W. de Klerk.
He was 65 years old and lived in Manhattan.
The appointment of William L. Pollak as vice president for circulation at The New York Times was announced yesterday by Lance R. Primis, president and general manager of the newspaper.
Paleontologists at the George C. Page Museum, situated among the Rancho La Brea tar pits of west Los Angeles, believe that new evidence is moving them closer to solution of the riddle.
''At MBIA our analysts examine every aspect of the issue,'' he said.
Martin Marietta's Titan rocket will be used to launch satellites.
Mr. Rodzinski says he believes experienced pedagogues with open minds are the best judges.
The point is that, like Mr. Hirshhorn, Mr. Demetrion has not been deterred by so-called expert opinions or dogmatism if he or his curators have seen something they liked.
Most of the candidates have presented checklists, not coherent, long-range plans for reform.
His wife, Zulema, 50, said she hoped to resume what she called the ''unfinished work'' of Eva Peron as the patron of social welfare programs.
Most nights, there's no cover charge or minimum.
His recipes for spaghetti with clam-and-anchovy sauce, for spit-roasted leg of lamb and for risotto with mussels found their way into Craig Claiborne's cooking column in The New York Times in 1969.
''Six months ago people counted us out,'' he told the group, ''but I always had faith.''
The 46-year-old Namath, who has recently lost about 20 pounds to take some of the pressure off his much-repaired knees, was surveying a team he will analyze for NBC on Sunday, when the Jets will play the Miami Dolphins at Giants Stadium.
Though Ms. McCloy can reach the level of poetry when she's writing of Jesse and Ellie's lovemaking, by the end of the novel the reader is left wondering about the cause of Ellie's uncontrollable desire.
Police Chief George Aylward said the police would subpoena the hospital's records and might try to prosecute hospital officials for not adequately supervising Mr. Peterson.
That means that if a Japanese car maker wants to expand market share in France, it might have to sacrifice market share where it has a larger presence, like the Netherlands.
I was keeping them apart.
''Nowadays in Europe, they'd be nervous about how slow it goes.
Rickey Henderson became the first American League player to steal 50 bases in each of nine seasons.
She pointed to bills in the Massachusetts Legislature that would require state pension funds to divest any stock holdings of companies that do business in South Africa.
Under negotiation since September when Mr. Mazowiecki formed the Eastern bloc's first Government not run by Communists, the agreement is linked to the most extensive legislation for economic revision ever attempted in the region.
KANSAS CITY (AL) - Agreed to terms with Danny Tartabull, outfielder, and Mike Macfarlane, catcher, on one-year contracts.
She said she expected a ''royal battle'' in Congress.
But I think the climate as a result of these talks for investment inside the Soviet Union and for certain things we can do to help the Soviet Union, and indeed other countries, seek common ground with these multilateral organizations related to finance, all of that's a big plus.
Unlike many Democratic want-to-be's, Mr. Nunn does not stand out for his hair, his height, or his oratory.
This is from ''Europeans'' (Farrar, Straus & Giroux).
HOUSTON (NL) - Agreed to terms with Brian Meyer, pitcher, on a one-year contract.
They played the National Anthem on a cassette recorder.''
Atlanta's other home runs were by Dale Murphy, in the sixth, and Tommy Gregg, in the ninth.
On Broadway he was celebrated for his performances in the title roles of ''Tamburlaine the Great,'' in 1956, and ''Galileo,'' in 1967.
No one wanted to come into it.
Mr. Francke had taken heavy criticism recently from legislators for cost overruns and delays in the state's prison construction program.
''During this four-year period,'' the committee said, ''there was no evidence either supporting or establishing that the money paid to Mrs. Wright was in return for identifiable service or work products.''
Guides published by the international track and field federation say he is eight years older.
Not a day goes by that I do not gaze at my children or hold them with thoughts of the miracles I possess.
A fine side dish is rice, which is ideal for soaking up the aromatic broth.
Lowest Level Since '84 Construction of single-family homes fell 2 percent in June, to an annual rate of 975,000 units, the lowest level since August 1984, when 967,000 units were started.
''There is something about the computer and the fitnessgram that produces results with kids,'' Schmeltzer said.
He had to learn to hold off.
The program will be repeated on Sunday afternoon at 3.
Chappaqua, N.Y. $535,000 70 Annandale Drive 4-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 25-year-old colonial; 3 fireplaces, family room, eat-in kitchen, 2-car garage, 1.5 acres; taxes $9,684.
Will Clark struck out, Kevin Mitchell was hit by a pitch to load the bases and Matt Williams popped out.
It is considered by Forest City officials as complementary to the ambitious mixed-use commercial development now under way at Tower City Center, directly across the river.
The West paced the April rebound with a 31.3 percent increase in sales, to 193,000.
The student, James Oppenheim, a 20-year-old senior from Bethpage, L.I., was one of five who recently ran for three seats on the Harpur College Council.
His report asserted that New York received 50,000 tons a year of hazardous waste from the New England states, but sent out 13,000 tons.
''You don't want me to say they play mellow basketball in the A.C.C., do you?
Unlike the adult sphere, current best seller lists are almost irrelevant since children's books become established first in libraries and schools - roughly two-thirds of all juvenile books are bought by these institutions - and then begin to sell in bookstores.
And Asian-Americans have established caucuses within higher-education associations while seeking to broaden their numbers on foundation boards and study commissions.
In Beethoven's time, the conductor Roger Norrington pointed out during his recent ''Beethoven Experience'' at the Pepsico Summerfare, it was altogether customary for a music critic to ''analyze'' a new piece with repeated reference to subjective content.
CLEVELAND (AL) - Sold Mike Young, outfielder, to Hiroshima of the Japanese Central League.
b-After a loss of $337,700 on the disposal of discontinued operations.
And Adrian Benepe, who leads the Parks Department's Art and Antiquities section, noted that ''Valley Forge'' faces Valley Forge near Philadelphia.
But then Kevin noticed something coming out from under the wings of the plane as it flew overhead.
Economic Change Urged He also demanded that the Free German Youth, a Communist movement, change its ideological emphasis.
No rows: the bed's arrangement would be natural.
The actor waited so long between the apparent memory loss and his request for help that there was an audible murmur in the audience.
Whittingham is widely credited with authorship of the training maxim that says owners should be raised like mushrooms: kept in the dark and fed plenty of fertilizer.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* First Northern Savings & Loan (OTC) Qtr to March 31 1989 1988 Net inc 503,000 524,000 Per share .41 .43 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Problems remain in all those areas, but Mr. Bush has taken office in a time of restricted governmental resources and minimal public enthusiasm for adventures abroad.
The company said the third quarter revenue and earnings continued to represent the positive impact from the acquisition of 21 T2 managed infusion therapy centers completed on Jan. 5.
Mr. Sabel danced a solo in which he swayed to and fro, but without ever venturing from the spot in which he was planted.
Modernization and Arabic While Aramaic has remained the dominant vehicle of communication in Malula and its adjacent villages, those who know it are speaking it less frequently and Arabic is imposing itself as the language of more modern realities at home, in the schools and in the cities.
Debt * Citicorp is offering $150 million of 10.35 percent notes due 1990, at par, through Salomon Brothers Inc. Noncallable for a year, the notes are rated A-1 by Moody's Investors Service and AA by Standard & Poor's Corp. * Rohm & Haas Co. is offering $75 million of 10.30 percent notes due 1990, at 99.962, to yield 10.325 percent, through Goldman, Sachs & Co.
People love a good row, of course, and there will always be an eager audience for a verbal shoot-out, ''High Noon'' style, between grown men who are laden with honors and seasoned in the affairs of state.
''It doesn't appear as though there is anything on the horizon that will do that.''
There were clients on my left and right and hairdressers at work on them, pretending not to listen.
Moody's decision to drop Bond Holdings' debt rating to CAA, from B-3, and that of the wholly owned unit Bond Brewing Western Australia Ltd. to CAA, from B-2, means it considers it a poor risk rather than just an undesirable investment.
Dallas Green believes the Yankees will eventually awake, as if from a seasonlong spell, and begin to hit and score runs and win games and contend.
But there is uncertainty and anxiety here about what the consequences would be of trying to transfer such responsibilities to Japan, West Germany and others.
For Mozambique, thriving railways from Zimbabwe to Beira on the central coast, from Malawi to Nacala in the north and from Zimbabwe to Maputo along the Limpopo River in the south, mean sorely needed revenues.
A practitioner without medical training may not know when to refer patients for conventional care, or may fail to consider the value of joining forces with conventional medicine.
'Sometimes I wish we had more privacy,' said Suzanne Ruta, a writer who shares a duplex with her husband, Peter, and their two daughters.
The morning that we were to film that sequence, I was summoned to Chaplin's dressing room and told that he wanted me to go over that scene ''technically'' -I was not, he said, to tire myself emotionally.
He also wished to be known for his opposition to suburban shopping malls that threatened New Haven's development plans.
But Dr. Ernest L. Boyer, the foundation's president, said in a recent conversation that he was deeply moved by the comments that about 11,000 teachers added to their answers.
But this is symptomatic of, rather than the cause of profound poverty and homelessness.
For Kenyan children, we are shown, long-distance running is a natural part of life.
The short-term rates are 3 percent higher than a year ago, which is why all the cash built up.
Yield: Four to six servings.
Stanford is the only member of the Pacific-10 Conference to allow alcohol at football games.
Haji-Sheikh Tries Out With the wind blowing at 40 miles an hour this morning, Haji-Sheikh, the Giants' kicker from 1983 through 1985, was brought in for a tryout.
But he's not about to change.
His clothes are marked by a new fluidity: skirts ripple and sweaters have easy necklines that drape off one shoulder or stand away from the throat.
Two other guests had also been mugged recently, and each of the 10 diners told of friends and acquaintances who were crime victims.
Her father is a managing director at the Sonnenblick-Goldman Corporation, a real-estate investment company in New York.
for the third time, Harpo did not say ''Missed!''
Both men had spoken strongly against the tax cut, saying it was a gift to the rich.
''If you don't give when you leave here, I hope you feel guilty until the day you die,'' he said.
In ''The Consultation'' of 1922, Vuillard's brother, Alexandre, is bedridden and racked by doubt and anxiety.
His synagogues were assertive, modernist structures, reflecting Mr. Goodman's belief that the vocabulary of modern architecture could be transformed into something rich enough to express powerful religious feeling.
The Braves extended their winning streak to four games, the team's longest since August 1987.
Steve Leff, vice chairman of the Backer, Speilvogel, Bates advertising agency, said the advertising community has been affected by the numerous articles about viewer protests.
According to The Washington Post, his crewmen have told investigators that they believe he was sober, and that the alcohol detected nine hours later may have been from drinking afterward.
Plainly, Panama's arrogant godfather cares nothing for foreign opinion.
It sells attractive leaflets called town trails that mark out medieval and Georgian itineraries; they also have information on sights within easy reach of the town.
THE SIGNIFYING MONKEY: A Theory of African-American Literary Criticism, by Henry Louis Gates Jr. (Oxford University, $10.95.)
If the Panthers win, as is expected, they will be Nassau's Division I champions because they beat Hofstra, 15-10, on March 25.
Until recently, such workouts were habitually observed by dozens of casual onlookers, and treated with considerably less than reverence by Valvano.
Missouri 86, Bradley 77 COLUMBIA, Mo.
- James R. Oestreich 'The Earliest Disks' Berliner Gramophone Recordings, 1890-1901.
The Seattle-based department store chain did not admit any wrongdoing.
The radio, the Voice of the National Army of Democratic Cambodia, said the guerrillas had been besieging the area around the town of Anlong Veng since mid-November.
The bank debt covenants were stringent.
I originally considered the idea of a rock-and-roll museum but then decided that a rock memorabilia restaurant with great food at a reasonable price was a far better idea.''
Departmental, store-wide and company goals.
Jazz in the streets and parks, in restaurants and shopping centers, on buses and ferries.
He said he would show that when Mr. Bakker once tried to dismiss a cook at a Heritage U.S.A. restaurant who forgot to put mustard on a hamburger the evangelist ordered.
The strategy has already had one salutary result.
''Losing two stories off the top is probably the most significant punishment or burden that can be placed on the building,'' Mr. Masyr said.
No Clear Stand The commission had an opportunity to act decisively during last January's convention, when the Proposition 42 issue first arose.
At the time I was thinking that maybe I should go into computers.
Yet, as he says in a key passage in his new book, ''rootedness has played its intrinsic and subtle part in the national art modes of Egypt, Japan, England, Holland, and the high Mediterranean cultures and city states.
Items run from a cup and saucer with a portrait of the Princess of Auersperg ($630 to $900) to an 1840's painting by Josef Danhauser, ''The Child and His World,'' which may sell for $810,000 to $1.17 million.
''I want to make it sound as if I'm just down at the drugstore picking up a pack of razor blades.''
Mr. Renshaw and Mr. Grace originally based their conception of Sir Joseph on the current Prince of Wales's late relative, Lord Mountbatten, who was well known for his naval associations.
For me, a box of Crayolas will last a lifetime.
And what about the hallmark of his approach, the Leboyer bath?
To our great loss, no American showing is envisaged.)
b-Included losses from discontinued operations of $383,000 and $1,049,000 for the quarter and year, respectively; income from an accounting change of $4,290,000 for the quarter and $5,360,000 for the year, and the quarter included an after-tax gain of $578,000 and the year included an extraordinary loss of $1,953,000.
And in bilateral meetings, they discussed issues that reportedly included the reunification of Germany and the withdrawal of Soviet troops from Eastern Europe.
The movie unravels lethargically, cross-cutting between scenes of the young man's planning and carrying out the murders, and scenes of the two detectives who are trying to crack the case.
The Weekly Mail reported that people at the community meeting asked about the injuries of the other youths.
A fourth was killed in Maryland.
the question went around the group, kiddingly: ''What did Harding die of?''
Laughs and Music Meanwhile, at Lincoln Center, a promising concert with an unfortunate title (''Witty Words and Nutty Notes'') should bring giggles as well as singalongs, with a quintuple bill of performers who will concentrate on the humorous songs in their repertories.
''This course was oriented toward the downhill skiers and Diann is more of a slalom and giant slalom skier.''
''The Fur Hat'' is a whirling kaleidoscope, a quick succession of juicy images taken from the life of the Soviet intelligentsia, its anti-Semitism and sexual mores, its use of psychological blackmail and fetishism for things foreign, the omnipresence of the secret police and the artificial importance of the Western news media.
The lone black to win election to the board in 1983 and again in 1986 was the Rev.
These were executioners or their helpers -and they are still around.
I think the majority of players would welcome a little more regimented atmosphere.''
Several of these supermarkets, among them Stop & Shop in the Northeast and Raley's in the Sacramento area, sell fruits and vegetables that have been certified by NutriClean as having no pesticide residues detected in laboratory tests.
She also had a taste for the slot machines in Reno and was an avid dart player.
''We played well in Detroit, too.
''I told my daughter, 'Thank God, Magi's doing O.K.,'' Nilda R. said.
''Nobody looked up until the shooting stopped, and nobody saw a thing.''
Why are such legislative shields deemed necessary?
Music Collected by Alan Lomax Here is a selected discography of music collected or put into an anthology by Alan Lomax: ''American Folk Music'' (Library of Congress, five volumes), recorded with John A. Lomax.
As authoritative outsiders, he said, admirals cut through that.
It did so by cutting a wide range of programs and raising $110 million by speeding up the collection of taxes on leased vehicles.
Though Ewing has the decided edge, the Bulls will have the offensive advantage when the starters are resting or are in foul trouble.
When he first heard of Mrs. Seggos's plans from her coach - William Taussig, an associate conductor at the Met - Mr. Woitach said he was ''amazed.''
The show is, perhaps as a consequence, full of oddities.
But Mr. Kissinger's suspension has been strongly opposed by two of the five Council members - Linda J. Levine, a Democrat, and Don Zaccagnino, a Republican-Conservative - as well as an incoming Democratic Council member, Ruth Kitchen.
will not be involved, directly or indirectly through Egypt, in shaping the Palestinian list.
Even though it takes place in Texas, the Dallas Cup is not the world's biggest youth soccer tournament.
Hunts Point has pallets of canned tuna; its predecessor still has dollies loaded with fresh sugar cane, bins of watermelons, mounds of mangoes.
will take ''appropriate action,'' probably a lawsuit.
''Misery'' by Stephen King (Signet/NAL) 8.
(Other Touchstone comedies include ''Big Business,'' ''Outrageous Fortune'' and ''Three Men and a Baby,'' which made a bundle but may have taught the studio a lesson about keeping the original French models for American comedy remakes under wraps.)
'Times change,' he said to me.''
His experience on location comes in handy.
A group led by Irwin L. Jacobs, the Minneapolis corporate raider, has acquired a 14.2 percent stake in CML Group Inc. and said it might seek control of the Acton, Mass., retail store concern.
Coordination between government agencies was at times so poor that Federal troops clashed with roving groups of citizens who had been ordered by the Mayor to guard against looting.
Adrian Hall Unrenewed in Dallas The Dallas Theater Center has not renewed the contract of Adrian Hall, artistic director since 1983 and considered one of the country's most audacious directors.
True weirdos look like everyone else.
We have thermal windows in our country home, manufacturer unknown.
The gardeners still have nagging worries they could lose El Jardin to developers.
A celebration in Long Beach that includes a march through the city and a play depicting the ''I Have a Dream'' speech, music and a dinner at the Martin Luther King Center.
After starting his own production company, he had his first big success with a Perry Mason movie that ran in 1986 on NBC.
Their fate, he said, would be left to local party organizations, and should not be decided ''mechanically.''
Gasoline rationing - something Americans had never believed could happen in their country, and certainly not in peacetime - became a reality.
Last Sunday, against the Detroit Lions, he rushed for 89 yards.
A receptionist at the office of George Shebitz, Fiance's lawyer, said Mr. Shebitz was not in Friday and could not be reached.
But it has become mired in debates between the Cabinet ministries that would take on the responsibilities.
Interviews With Pathologist The newspaper and news agency were rebuked by the Imperial Household Agency, which runs the daily lives of the royal family, and cancer was not mentioned again until the Emperor died.
''It also involves servicing of generators that are in place, and that's a very substantial market in itself which has an effect on the cost of power.''
These days, says Millerand, ''Some people have a craving for the lavishness of the period.''
The third world, the world of memory, is the only image of Times Square that has any real allure.
Industries, department officials said yesterday.
Besides the physical tasks they perform, canine companions also help bring their masters closer to other people.
I spent four years in baseball clubhouses with players who cheated their teammates in cards, who seduced their teammates' wives, who were drunks or bigots or just plain mean, and I can't remember one time when any of those players' characteristics affected the play of their team on the field.
In the industry-wide slowdown, pilots obeyed their union's instructions to request detailed information on flight plans from control towers before take-off, and to fly only on instruments rather than adopting more expeditious visual flight rules where weather conditions were suitable.
It had been forced on them by a writer who gave the impression of using the characters as mouthpieces.
Most elite competitors exceed 100 miles a week.
As the 62 deputies from the Lebanese Parliament went into their 13th day of deliberations today, there were increasing signals that they were close to an agreement that would give Syria and its Muslim allies in Lebanon the greatest say in the country's future.
This case needs urgent attention - from the Brooklyn District Attorney for the criminal aspects, from Police Commissioner Benjamin Ward for the procedural and disciplinary ones.
That means more diamond engagement rings will be sold this month and next than in any others.
do not have an agreement banning the signing of defecting players, but N.H.L.
By 1986, the dependence on public attendance had risen to 48 percent, while government grants fell to 15 percent, from 28 percent in 1978.
The Devils started to play with some purpose in the third period.
Justice Scalia But it's before the Court on the question of whether, as the Solicitor General argues, you can overrule Roe versus Wade without endangering our law concerning contraception.
But at least one culinary rule seems to have held fast since some American Indians stopped serving them at feasts about a century ago: Americans don't eat dogs.
''He said in South Africa they say, 'Don't give Zulu white bread, give them black bread, because if you give Zulu white bread, tomorrow they will want butter, too,' '' the clergyman, the Rev.
The Cubs and Mets and Expos and Cardinals are running neck-and-neck and neck-and-neck in the National League East, and are seen rounding the far turn as they reach the home stretch.
''It is evident that the regime is ready to resort to massive election fraud in order to remain in power,'' Mr. Bush said.
For many years, the Soviet Union will need large forces to maintain order among its turbulent nationalities.
If Ewing is fouled by Robert Parish of the Celtics while sending the ball toward the basket, will the 2 points count if the ball goes in and would Ewing be sent to the foul line with an opportunity to score a third point on the play?
''He did not voice one original idea,'' Miss Schulte said.
Bankhead (7-4) struck out three and walked one.
Pretoria and Washington have been supporting the Angolan guerrillas in their war against the Luanda Government, which is backed by the Soviet Union.
Some were neatly crafted miniatures.
In its program, the Joint Commission hires medical equipment suppliers to inspect and rate the operations of other similar companies.
[ A leader of the British Muslims, quoted by Reuters, added grave concern to the security situation late tonight by reinforcing Ayatollah Khomeini's call for Mr. Rushdie's execution.
On Friday, President Virgilio Barco Vargas of Colombia announced that drug traffickers wanted abroad would be summarily extradited, in a procedure that bypasses the courts.
Produced by Florenz Ziegfeld, whose ''Follies'' were constructed around displays of beautiful women, ''Show Boat'' suddenly appeared with believable people in a serious story, the songs closely linked to the action.
The Department of Public Utility Control, which has set a long-term goal of having all the state's cable franchises provide service to everyone in their areas, is expected to decide early next month whether to allow Haystack to carry out its plan.
We're looking to make this thing work.''
None of these apply to Mayor Koch, who as the 11-year incumbent will almost certainly be the last into the fray.
A 1987 internal City Health Department review concluded that AIDS fatalities among addicts were actually more than double the number officially recorded.
As always in ''A Wedding Bouquet,'' timing remains essential.
''But they deliberated and did studies for a year and still have not come to a conclusion.''
It may simply have been that the practical message was undramatic: for all practical purposes, salt is a minor factor in the development of hypertension, once consumption exceeds a very low level.
At a news conference here last week, Mr. Cranston denied that his own groups had done anything improper and asserted that Republicans had been putting foundations to political use for years.
I did not expect to see him this afternoon in Baghdad - because tonight, he and I have an appointment in Samarra.''
But a final decision on whether to accept or reject the offer will not come until after union strategists study the full Central Committee debate.
But she said she might consider a licensing agreement, depending on the objectives and reputation of the other company.
A Congressionally mandated ban on landfill disposal is taking effect gradually.
The note is then passed on to the Office of Foreign Missions in New York, which relays it to the Office of Foreign Missions headquarters in Washington, which in turn consults with the State Department about whether to approve the proposal.
Amnesty programs make sense for smaller software companies, but not for makers of the popular, expensive applications.
There is a strong base of rusticated stone, above which are curving bays and deeply inset windows, and then the metal cornice, looking something like a cantilevered catwalk, that runs around the entire structure.
Richards pushed the lead to 24-7 with a 52-scoring run on his first carry of the game with 1:42 left in the third quarter.
He once again lies in bed with Mamie and reassures her about the hereafter.
But there was a more subtle romance at work here as well: the organizing of the hospital workers was the last dance for the generation of Jewish tough-guy labor organizers - many of them Communists - who had helped create the C.I.O.
Thus, Karpov could get into an end game after 18 ... Qd1 19 Rd1, but it was a very bad one after 19 ... hg 20 Bd2 Nb7 21 Ng6!
These patients, whose machines must be closely watched, require considerably more nursing attention than others.
For the colleges and the professional leagues, which need these stars, such academic problems are potential leaks in the pipeline that provides them with a steady supply of talent.
The reading is part of a series sponsored by the Poetry Center at the Y.
I think we are in for a period of emphasis on people.''
Obtaining foreign loans to improve this area is also an aspect of reform and openness.
They are scheduled to be tried in March on charges of racketeering, insider trading and stock fraud after the Government announces a broader indictment.
The commission today unanimously approved a new draft convention guaranteeing the rights of children.
The answer is more likely to be yes from those who have an incentive to do so - in contracts that detail goals and the rewards for surpassing them.
In addition to the Tropicana property, it owns Tropworld Casino and Entertainment Resort, the biggest gaming facility in Atlantic City; the Ramada Express Hotel Casino in Laughlin, Nev., and Eddy's Fabulous 50's Casino in Reno.
The judge's outspoken criticism of the prosecutors and the press has changed the focus of a trial that until yesterday had received little attention outside of the courthouse.
''United States Swimming simply did not want this event to happen and tried everything it could to stop it,'' said Joseph Coplan, a vice president of the alliance.
The debate in Cleveland was underscored recently by a study that projected a significantly smaller city if the shift to the suburbs continues.
Itel, which is involved in container leasing, slipped 3/8, to 21 1/4.
He's healthy and playing well now.''
''Each of them understands the new politics, which is more media-based and where personality is more important.''
Then we climb over furniture to get to the door - the front door because we can't disturb the finch.
The receptor opens a gate that allows calcium ions to flow into the stimulated neuron.
An investigation by special prosecutor James C. McKay found that while some of Mr. Meese's financial dealings were probably illegal, criminal prosecution was not warranted.
But now, he might be getting the opportunity to show his stuff, under pressure, when the team needed him most.
He told about 100 computer distributors there that the key to eliminating corruption in the city was the computer.
''He's been under a lot of stress and tension,'' she said, ''and he's trying to prove himself one last time.''
There was more here: giant armadillos, ocelots and fresh-water dolphins, but I would not see them because from this point on human beings would interfere.
U.N. Efforts Criticised Mr. Castro criticized effforts by the United States and other members of the United Nations Security Council to reduce the size of the United Nations peacekeeping force that will supervise elections in Namibia.
'Let's See What He Does' ''Bush says he is not going to be different than Reagan,'' one Cuban official said today.
On its silliest level, ''Earth Girls Are Easy'' is about three life-sized, fur-covered creatures - one red, one blue, one yellow - whose spaceship crashes into Geena Davis's swimming pool.
This year's prize carries a cash award of about $455,000.
Here is some of the testimony the prosecution has been looking at in connection with the other defandants: Poindexter One charge says he obstructed Congress in July 1986 by insisting in letters to three Congressional committees that the National Security Council staff complied with a Congressional ban on assistance to the rebels.
The real losers are the public.
At least one environmental group opposed to the nominee, Victor Stello Jr., is interpreting the new move as a retreat from the Secretary's support for him.
Rubenstein became one of Beame's closest advisers.
''They claim Bill stole money,'' said Puccio, referring to charges made in Tyson's suit, which seeks to break Cayton's managerial contract.
A year later, an attempted coup by leftists provoked the King to bar political parties, dismiss Parliament and jail legislators.
In his account, the sergeant told of watching General Noriega hustled at gunpoint aboard an army truck with his six senior officers while several middle-level officers tried to negotiate with the coup leader.
Trust officials estimate as many as 200,000 claims could be filed.
He said, 'You're night and day.'
''It's one that will improve education in this city.''
Today, Dwane Casey, an assistant, said, ''I think it is only appropriate that I resign my position.''
His son Giovanni's continuation of this ''realistic'' sculptural style is most obvious in Giovanni's ''Madonna and Child,'' popularly called the ''Madonna of the Conversation'' for her eye-to-eye pose with her precocious child.
Then the property becomes more desirable, it's worth more in the market, and all of a sudden the arts have priced themselves out of their own home, which they have created.''
In fact, the few workers in the mill are high above the heat and dirt of the floor in air-conditioned booths monitoring the computers that run most of the show.
He told me to keep up the great work.''
Sixty-four percent of the 1,073 adults polled said Mr. Bush was ''hiding something that the public ought to know,'' while 23 percent said he was not.
''Because President Bush wants it that way, we have the strongest, most intense, real, focused debates they've seen around here in a long time,'' Mr. Sununu said in an interview this week.
General Kelly said that by evening the United States had captured 250 Panamanian soldiers and had given shelter to 1,000 refugees at a hastily erected camp.
But today, he said: ''Calcavecchia and Green have a marvelous chemistry together.
We will work to expand them in order to realize our aspirations for all the land of Palestine.
Replete with couscous, it is usual to follow the meal with a glass of North Africa's distinctive mint tea, poured from a height in a slender stream to aereate the brew.
Chris-Craft owns 17 percent of Warner's common shares, but about 13 percent of the stake is in convertible preferred stock.
The measures include allowing a greater number of soldiers to fire on demonstrators, sealing or destroying the homes of stone throwers and confiscating the cars and other property of those who take part in the uprising.
In Sweden, the Government is spending $35 million this year to lime that country's lakes, and expects to spend $50 million by 1992.
The Leopards came back to tie the score early in the second half, and went ahead, 48-46, on Ellis's dunk with 10:14 remaining.
The Justice Department today accused the Singer Company of overcharging the Pentagon by $77 million from 1980 to 1988 by falsifying cost estimates on contracts for flight simulators.
MUSIC IN THE MOUNTAINS New Paltz, July 1-29.
I know where all the good sales are.''
It's instinctive to dissociate from something painful or unrewarding.
Among smaller skaters the gloves of choice, hands down, are Freezy Freakies.
The latest third quarter included ''fresh start'' tax benefits from the Tax Reform Act of 1986 equaled to 8 cents a share, compared with 2 cents a share, for year-ago period.
But it did not win viewers.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* North Amer Biologicals Inc Qtr to Sept 30 1989 1988 Sales 15,095,000 11,656,000 Net inc 509,000 303,000 Share earns .03 .02 9mo sales 42,887,000 35,486,000 Net inc 810,000 843,000 Share earns .05 .05 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Why hasn't Fred Lebow thought of letting the New York City Marathon be sponsored by foot pads?
Please accept it when I say I'm not going to talk about it anymore.''
The researchers at leading laboratories have found that none of the new superconducting compounds can carry large electrical currents, and all of them cease to be superconductive when exposed to large magnetic fields.
India and the U.S. signed an accord to prohibit double taxation, and U.S. officials saw a precedent for other nations.
''The meeting will occur June 10,'' he said.
9 * 2 LOVE IN THE TIME OF CHOLERA, by Gabriel Garcia Marquez.
Then, beyond the suffocating blanket of propaganda, there is not only the ever-present secret police but also the 3.8 million-member Communist Party, the largest in the East Bloc relative to population.
Not that the Mets can't do that, but they'd be better with Gooden and I get the sense from talking to them that he won't be back.
In addition to more than 130 stores and restaurants, it features a supermarket, three movie theaters and a skittle (bowling) alley.
Strangely, this late in the day, opponents still insist that cameras ill serve justice.
Columbia is a supplier of programs to the networks, including ''Designing Women'' and ''The Famous Teddy Z'' on CBS.
She remembers she had packed her bags, bought a train ticket, then given in to inertia and fear.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Live Entertainment Inc (OTC) Qtr to June 30 1989 1988 Sales 82,211,000 74,485,000 Net inc 1,525,000 1,092,000 Share earns .13 .08 6mo sales 156,830,000 143,720,000 Net inc 3,087,000 1,727,000 Share earns .25 .12 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Mr. Alston said those results are not available yet.
Planes The Government seemed unable to hold them off, and for hours it seemed that the rebels were gaining the upper hand.
Home Savings and Great Western are expected to face long battles over their requests since the Administration's bailout plan depends heavily on income from the deposit premiums paid by savings and loan institutions.
The offering could come as early as August and is expected to raise about $333 million.
The structures are designed to be particularly energy-efficient, with gas heating bills estimated at only $400 a season.
If the spacecraft detects rings around Neptune, it will be a fitting climax to 12 years of dramatic discoveries of the number and variety of rings that have coincided with, and often benefited from, Voyager's interplanetary travels.
It is because of the live stage that New York remains an international magnet drawing to itself an enormous array of theatrical talent.
The show at Metro Center, at 1 Station Place, is open daily from 11 A.M. to 6 P.M. Fifty percent of the purchase price of any item plus the $5 admission fee goes to the Silvermine Guild Arts Center, a nonprofit institution.
Nelson Santovenia broke an 0-for-8 slump with a run-scoring single in the top of the 12th inning today to lead the Expos to a 6-3 victory over the Reds.
But the next rise could be prompted by international considerations.
Inquiries are focusing on favoritism in H.U.D.
He says he has long been a confirmed ''progressive or liberal'' on social issues, and a conservative one on fiscal ones.
French films become incomprehensible only when they're reproduced here, virtually intact, as expressions of a way of life to which they have no connection.
Stephen Tashjian's full-length portrait of a young man has a rakish style that in this context is all its own.
The missile has generally won Congressional support, but it has been strongly opposed by some anti-nuclear groups who argue that its extreme accuracy makes it a potential first-strike weapon.
For Maya Yang Lin's moving, abstract wall cut into the earth also recalls a painful moment of history, and stands as a powerful reminder that architecture has not lost all ability to evoke deep emotion.
files the author gained access to bore scribbled evidence of what Mr. O'Reilly calls the director's ''primitive'' racism.
Then, when Joe Morris broke his right foot in the final preseason game, everything changed.
The Golf succeeded the Rabbit but floundered as Americans grew weary of hatchback cars, resulting in falling sales and, ultimately, the shutdown of the Westmoreland plant.
We can help the peoples of Europe achieve a new destiny, in a peaceful Europe whole and free.
It is an instrument of those who are weak.
''They were collapsing on Patrick Ewing, sometimes with two and three men,'' said Tucker, who, in his eighth season, is the senior member of the team.
Mr. Nikolais's quirky, probing spirit was well represented by the Triple Duet from ''Grotto,'' a dance for two pairs of chrysalids and the hatched ideals they may become.
''In another family and another time, Mamie would have eventually entered the convent, taking the name of one of the more intellectual, masculine saints like Jerome.''
Boris Becker and Eric Jelen teamed today to lead West Germany, the defending champion, to a 2-1 lead in the Davis Cup final against Sweden.
Flight 235, from Los Angeles to Honolulu with 205 people aboard, landed early Monday at Hilo International Airport on the island of Hawaii, 200 miles southeast of Honolulu, because it was the closest airport, Don Morrison, a spokesman for the airline, said in St. Louis.
The draft also favors early local elections, a market economy, a free press and other measures that go beyond what President Gorbachev has advocated.
''Are we going to be the guinea pig and risk the loss of whatever quality development we need?''
This was once the private mansion of Generalissimo Trujillo.
Pinochet's Role Is Issue One is the opposition demand that General Pinochet step aside as army commander as well as President, the belief being that his continued presence at the head of the army would be intimidating to civilian authorities.
by Devin Standard (Op-Ed, Sept. 2) is an excellent example of middle-class and elite blacks who have been rudely shaken from their slumber.
In revoking a $10,000 grant for ''Witnesses: Against Our Vanishing,'' mounted by the respected nonprofit gallery in downtown Manhattan known as Artists Space, Mr. Frohnmayer at first characterized the show as political, saying that ''political discourse ought to be in the political arena and not in a show sponsored by the Endowment.''
Turkey is Moslem and culturally distinct from Western Europe.
The old guideline should still apply: no irreversible military concessions by the contras without irreversible political concessions by the Sandinistas.
On the day the current term opened in October, the Court dismissed the appeal, with two Justices dissenting.
She also echoes the most frequent complaint in this company about Balanchine: ''He is like an engine - once it starts, it never stops.
It was approved by the Senate on June 22 and President Bush is expected to sign it after he returns from Europe next week.
''The point of that commercial is the role Merrill plays in understanding and interpreting events for its customers,'' said Charles Mangano, the company's director of corporate advertising.
Admission to the library, at 121 Wall Street, is free from 8:30 A.M. to 5 P.M. weekdays and from 10 A.M. to 5 P.M. Saturday.
Hours are 9 A.M. to 5 P.M. daily.
Had the Giants succeeded on any of those plays, they might have won.
Of the 778 women who underwent menopause at 55 or older, 103, or slightly more than 13 percent, died.
The New York City economy has been hampered by a sluggish financial services industry since late 1987.
More recently it had been known as the Berlin Hotel, before a 15-month renovation by Yugoslav workers at a cost of $17 million.
''The Temple of My Familiar'' is a novel only in a loose sense.
Mr. O'Rourke proposed that the corporation, to be known as the HPN Terminal Development Corporation, consist of the ''person then holding the office of county executive'' and ''the persons who then are the Westchester County legislators.''
The Soviet leader's vision - he calls it ''a common European home'' - is in some respects utopian.
He moved to West Palm Beach about 10 years ago and maintained a practice.
Solidarity deputies played down such claims.
Its shares rose 37.5 cents today, to $13.625, in New York Stock Exchange trading.
Now that Prague is at least orally committed to political and economic reform, the Czechoslovaks are spoiling to close the gap with the West, but they worry that it will take a long time to overcome the glaring economic errors made by the ousted Communist regime.
Survival was 94 percent at one year, 90 percent at two years and 90 percent at three years.
Peace Corp officials said the woman had been returned to the United States for counseling and had been reassigned.
Without counting the good will as an asset, Suffolk Federal's liabilities would have exceeded its assets.
People who create ads are critical of those for New York's mayoral candidates.
''I like it,'' Cox said today.
The panel was beginning a third phase of an F.B.I.
Mr. Barr said that to protect its interests the bank had moved toward foreclosure ''as soon as my impending divorce became public'' a couple of weeks ago.
Mr. White, who ran as a liberal, clean-government candidate in 1967, presided over Boston when court-ordered busing provoked widespread racial violence.
Nor do I believe in Mary, who supposedly says to her dying mother: ''O Mother dear you're leaving me alone with a pack of ungrateful children and their unfortunate and ill-behaved children.''
'It's Had Such an Image Problem' ''You don't expect to see art from the Bronx because it's had such an image problem,'' Mr. Palminteri said.
Contemporary art and African or Oceanic art perhaps.
Miss Fay lives 25 miles away, in Yonkers, and her drive to work can take from 35 minutes, on the best days, to two hours.
* What are the interactions with other medications, vitamins or foods?
And either I feel good about it or I don't.''
Both the ranch house and the barn are now registered national landmarks.
''Nobody wanted to pick up the paper the day before Christmas and see Marion in another debacle,'' said a lawyer who is a longtime friend of Mr. Barry's.
But South would then have solved the problem if he had reflected that West would hardly have led a low heart from a holding headed by queen-jack-ten.
Steinbrenner is known to be willing to offer the left-hander, who has 286 career victories, a job in the organization as a pitching coach.
Is it going to emerge unchanged?
1 Governor Dukakis is unpopular in Massachusetts.
Pirates 7, Expos 4 MONTREAL (AP) - Jeff King hit a pinch-hit triple for Pittsburgh to drive in the tie-breaking run and continued home on a fielding error.
meaning a former association with more dogmatic Communism.
In fact, the frustrations for American policy today are occurring against a backdrop of at least temporary success in addressing these basic security concerns - at least in part because American rivals in the region are occupied with serious difficulties of their own.
''Cuba seems determined to crush this movement,'' said Aryeh Neier, a vice chairman of Americas Watch, the New York-based human rights organization.
Ferries leave Bellingham Fridays at 8 P.M. and arrive in Skagway Monday at 1:30 P.M.
He had to lay up to the pond and hit a wedge into the green.
Pablo Manzoni, a New York makeup artist who has worked with the cosmetics industry for 25 years, said: ''With Revlon offering 156 shades between lipsticks and eye shadows, I really don't see why somebody would want a 157th color custom blended.
Almost all the teams playing in bowl games around New Year's Day, plus all the teams that beat them, or tied them, or scared them, or dreamt of scaring them, now have a shot at the national title.
I am building for everybody.
Memories of Past Intrigues While Beijing is full of rumors, all peddled as reliable, the Government has kept quiet.
''People were riding on trains that were inaugurated by Thomas Edison,'' said Rose Sheridan, a spokeswoman for the agency.
But James Ferman, director of the British Board of Film Classification, said that while ''The Last Temptation of Christ'' and ''Monty Python's Life of Brian'' presented alternative realities of Christ that were controversial,the portrayal of Christ in ''Visions of Ecstasy'' as ''an object of overt sexual passion to which He responds'' is a ''contemptuous treatment of the divinity of Christ.''
''I've learned not to let people put pressure on me,'' she said.
It's possible that Joseph E. Brooks would work at a desk without an elephant on it, but it's unlikely.
Hawaii Ferry Is Discontinued Passenger boat service between Honolulu and Molokai, Hawaii, has been discontinued after about a year.
Mr. Eckstein graduated from Harvard University, where he also received an M.B.A., and is an associate at Merrill Lynch Capital Markets in New York.
Mr. Vincent is a graduate of Dartmouth and Columbia Law School.
''It's almost impossible to read,'' Senator Albert Gore, Democrat of Tennessee, said today at a news conference announcing a campaign to call attention to the warnings.
The bottom line is that when Mr. Crutchfield says Placido Domingo is no Nicolai Gedda, the only retort can be that Nicolai Gedda - with all due respect to that fine singer - is no Placido Domingo, and neither is anyone else.
MARKETS Treasury securities prices surged on a sign from the Federal Reserve Board that it might be easing monetary policy.
Ms. Walton said potential partners for Roche included the Schering-Plough Corporation, the Warner-Lambert Company and Rorer Group Inc. Hoffmann-La Roche also announced that its net income had risen 33.1 percent in 1988, to 641.5 million Swiss francs, or about $389 million, from about $299 million in 1987.
''You've got to think in terms of changing the notion of co-op advertising to co-op marketing,'' Mr. McCarty said.
Net interest income rose to $544 million, from $508.9 million a year ago.
But new owners have just returned the name of the restaurant to Rothman's, its standard since 1907.
The visitor who plans to spend a day or two or a week or two in Newport may want to walk through the Colonial area, tour a few great cottages, ride around Ocean Drive and take a harbor cruise.
Treading water, Mrs. Boylan and Sister Anne Montgomery, a 62-year-old nun from New York City, took out their hammers and began pounding the part of the sub they could reach.
Many cities like Miami and St. Petersburg now broker outside jobs, enthusiastically matching private employer with police officer, and charging a fee designed to cover the program's overhead.
26, 49 and 58), with Trevor Pinnock and the English Concert.
Mr. Healey can bend notes and play speedily, but his solos are strings of licks rather than songlike statements; except for a restrained solo in ''Confidence Man,'' his strategy was to reach a fast lick and repeat it.
I would have used an investigative accountant to look through all the papers prepared by the accounting firms that did work for the Helmsleys to see if those firms put her on notice about anything suspect.
Conclusive studies on humans have not been done.
Helicopters Arrive A shipment of American helicopters to be used against the drug dealers arrived in Colombia today and two hours after they were turned over to the Colombian military at Bogota's airport a section of the terminal was evacuated because of a bomb scare.
Much of the local population shows symptoms of advanced insomnia.
To be outside the Beltway is to be in touch with reality.
To most of the poems, Mr. Horowitz writes, Schubert's response is ''generous, resourceful, ardent,'' adding that he ''more accepts than transcends their limitations.''
White House officials did not explain why Mr. Bush differed with the judgment of civilian and military officials in the Pentagon that continuous flights were no longer necessary.
But ''Comic Book Confidential'' cannot give more than fleeting attention to social context as it whizzes through the decades.
The players could read what I said and I wouldn't have to repeat myself at the meetings.''
''The lower the asking price for the apartment, the lower the reserve fund.
And carriers that are found to have transported drugs are subject to heavy fines - $1,000 an ounce for seizures of cocaine and $500 an ounce for marijuana - if Customs decides they have failed to exercise ''the highest degree of diligence'' in their self-policing.
Dougherty, Dawkins, Strand & Yost Inc.
One African warrior challenged my bravado by hurling a souvenir spear at my buttons.
Tim Cohane, who was the sports editor of Look magazine from 1944 until it ceased publication in 1965, died Sunday at a health care center in Nashua, N.H., after a lengthy illness.
Azoreans' hands are seldom idle, which accounts for the abundance of crafts in shops like Casa Regional da Ilha Verde in Ponta Delgada or King's Acre in Lombega, Faial.
Rabbi Raymond Singer performed the ceremony.
degree from New York University.
''There is not a single account,'' the former President was quoted as having said.
The central banks of the leading industrial democracies sold dollars aggressively again today but the dollar held its ground, after falling sharply on Monday.
They not only sing well (without amplification) but also infuse the stereotypes of 19th-century melodrama with pathos and madness.
The utopia Mr. Hughes is seeking is right there in his text without his spelling it out: it is the utopia of a world culture in which the right to be different is the primary human right.
''This debate is about the drawing of lines between the President and the Congress on international trade issues,'' he said.
''We have notified Pepsico that we are seeking financial compensation for illegal termination of contract because Pepsico has waged a denigration campaign detrimental to Perrier's image,'' Mr. Zimmer said.
More harmful to the prospect of stability in the Middle East, though, is the Peres claim that a Palestinian negotiating partner ''remains elusive.''
The industry's conflict-of-interest rules prevent Andersen from going public, and the firm has always been reluctant to borrow heavily.
Alain Boublil, chief of staff to Finance Minister Pierre Beregovoy, resigned last month, protesting his innocence, after disclosures about his friendship with a Lebanese middleman in the Pechiney deal.
In Massachusetts, judges are required to retire at 70 because the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit, whose jurisdiction includes Massachusetts, has upheld the state's constitutional requirement.
''But it is a dark comedy, and the darkness is what the Holocaust has done to all these people: the tragic human cost.''
Mr. Susskind, an expert in tax law, was one of the oldest practicing lawyers in New Jersey.
That number will decline by $209 million as a result of shedding the retail brokerage and other operations that had employees who were stockholders.
The finding may help explain why smokers are more likely to develop emphysema, a potentially fatal lung disease.
In 1973, Abraham D. Beame went from Comptroller to Mayor.
United Parcel Service refused to comment on how well its agreements with catalogue retailers are working.
Four times a year, W. H. Ferry drives to see his friends in the country, the Mumfords.
''I had the Reno and Long Beach jobs,'' he recalled.
Focus on Filling Jobs The hearings by the State Commission on Government Integrity have focused on the role played by the Republican Party in filling county jobs and awarding contracts at Playland, the county-owned amusement park in Rye.
About 20 years ago the Federal Government encouraged schools to place blind students in regular classes.
The number of resident companies has declined, while the use of individual name actors has increased.
The UAL Corporation, the parent of United Airlines, said yesterday that it had been notified that Reliance Group Holdings Inc. would seek clearance from the Federal Trade Commission and the Justice Department to buy more than 15 percent of UAL's stock.
Mr. Brodsky added that Ms. Millstein had indicated that she had never received an offer for the property.
The request came a month after the murder of Francisco Mendes Filho, an environmental campaigner for Amazon rain forests.
Renters cannot ride in this folding type; they can usually be hauled by a small car.
[ The holding that the constitutional guarantee of due process of law not only requires fair legal procedures but also keeps the Government from interfering with certain private activities. ]
Here's what she said about him.
''There's a message sent through advertising that it's cool to be thin.
Forty-nine patients visited the emergency room with earthquake-related injuries Tuesday night, said Phyllis Brown, a hospital official.
To garner Congressional support in the absence of any firm Presidential direction since John Kennedy, NASA is forced to follow the strategy used by the military and understate costs to get a foot in the door.
Q.Is there any agreement between France and the U.S. to slow down Mr. Kohl in his drive toward reunification?
''We have been kept in detention for so long that we felt we had to embark on a life-and-death hunger strike to dramatize our plight in detention and to ultimately secure our immediate release.''
Joslin and her teammates and roommates in Kirkland House, Maggie Vaughan and Katie McAnaney, decided to travel to Princeton, N.J., to watch the national quarterfinal game between Princeton and Virginia last Saturday.
''We at Deere feel very bullish.''
Over the years, he said, ''I do not think I have changed my way of making movies very much.
Year-ago quarter is restated for January 1989 acquisition of Major Video Corp., which was accounted for as a pooling of interests.
The hunter will have entered the woods in darkness, and on opening day he will attempt to lure a gobbler by making the sounds of a hen seeking the attention of a male.
''The Governor is not ready to accept any decision until he reviews the file with his legal staff, which is customary, and that process could take a couple of weeks,'' said Rusty Jabour, press secretary for Mr. Roemer.
''The black perception is that far too little has been done and that government and white society at large are attempting, with considerable success, to undo any black gains made for social and economic justice.''
A tour of the campus.
From the western end of the hotel, head for the rough-hewed but fragile-looking cedar shelter that appears to sit upon a precipice.
He also did not look the part of the classically trained violinist, casting himself as a rugged western outdoorsman.
''My sense of it as an adolescent had been through a couple of half-remembered viewings of Sir Laurence's film, and I remember knights in shining armor, and gold colors, a kind of Camelot thing,'' he says.
So this Open will be remembered for the rain, the holes-in-one and as the one in which Curtis Strange had his name joined in history with those of Bobby Jones, Ben Hogan, Ralph Gudahl, John McDermott and Willie Anderson as a winner of consecutive Opens.
One-day admission prices vary: $5 today, $10 tomorrow, $5 on Sunday and $15 on Monday.
''Jealousy and bickering among Federal, state and local drug agencies make for interesting gossip, to be sure,'' the report said.
The steps and shacks may be picturesque in their rickety-ness but there is no missing the weariness and dignity that they and the woman have in common.
The market opened mixed as investors took a ''wait-and-see'' stance before a half-dozen key economic reports are released later this week.
By these accounts, Mr. Qiao - after lengthy consultations with Politburo member Hu Qili and party official Yan Mingfu - ordered the police and army on the evening of April 26 not to use violence against student demonstrators the following day.
Some readers may be put off by Mr. Spence's self-righteous tone and his undisciplined presentation.
''No one could have been prepared for the destruction we faced.''
But the library had no evidence that Mr. Grundy received any of the notices, she said, and she assumed that he had ignored the warnings.
Cook as above in a 5-quart casserole for 33 minutes.
The Royal Horticultural Show and a trade fair for violin makers, crystal cutters, weavers of lace and other artisans will be held on the show grounds at the same time as the horse show.
And they were pursuing him with money tonight in the hope of adding another star to the cast.
In 1988, 103,000 pounds of bass (4,384 fish) were taken in this endeavor.
MINNESOTA (AL) - Signed Todd Logan, Joe Siwa and Francisco Ramirez, catchers.
The vast majority of the forms will be filled out and returned without assistance, and enumerators are sent out to work with those who have not responded.
In sum, officials said, the department under Commissioner Ward managed to keep up with steadily rising crime but was not able to decrease it by any appreciable amount.
The women seemed, however, to be a minority party.
Characters from Stine's life tend to immigrate into the mosaic of the screenplay, and the same actors have roles in both.
Ultimately, Mr. Pawel strikes a balance: an immature, rich young woman married an equally immature playwright who remained ''an emotionally constipated adult, morbidly repressed and inhibited in the sexual sphere.''
There was no immediate indication whether the other parties would agree to attend the talks.
The sanctions were followed by the semiconductor trade agreement with Japan, which established base prices for memory chips, forbade dumping, and set the goal of 20 percent United States penetration of the Japanese market.
The station manager offered him a job.
If you can do that, you can survive Bo.''
More recently, chess programs for inner-city pupils in Indianapolis and Philadelphia have gained national attention as the children gained strong reputations in school tournaments.
We are going over there to help structure this monumental cultural and economic change.''
JAMES FREDERICK GREEN New York, May 21, 1989
A civilization which destroys what little remains of the wild, the spare, the original, is cutting itself off from its origins.''
'' But if the governors were willing to let money matters rest for now, it was at least partly because Washington accounts for less than 7 percent of spending on public education.
Mrs. Marcos's trial will begin March 14 in Federal District Court, Manhattan.
But Southern and Eastern Connecticut are the first schools in the state to require community service as a condition of living in on-campus housing, a particularly valuable commodity in a city like Willimantic, where apartments are scarce.
''Maybe five or six maternity wards in all of Central Asia are properly equipped,'' he said.
For many members, Dr. Proctor's handpicked replacement, the Rev.
Flash X-rays showed that rods sometimes bend as they enter targets, thus dissipating their destructive energy.
Similarly, a house that has been rented out by the owner may not qualify for a deferral.
That money will be used to promote conservation projects in Costa Rica, whose forests are being depleted.
The Senators - Alan Cranston of California, Dennis DeConcini of Arizona, John Glenn of Ohio, Donald W. Riegle Jr. of Michigan, all Democrats, and John McCain, Republican of Arizona - are accused of intervening with banking regulators to protect a well-heeled campaign contributor, Charles H. Keating Jr.
After the concert, the high point of three days of performances celebrating the new, freer Europe, the 71-year-old Mr. Bernstein said he was ''experiencing an historical moment incomparable with others in my long, long life.''
A couple of hours before, all we had thought about was putting our heads on a pillow.
The sign over the boarded-up entrance reads the New Michigan Hotel, but for most of its existence this building was the Lexington Hotel, where Capone maintained his headquarters during the period just before he was sent to prison.
All I want is that my murder will serve to put an end to the impunity enjoyed by the criminals .
* Aequitron Medical Inc., Minneapolis, a medical equipment manufacturer, named Curtis J. Olson interim president and chief executive.
Visa and Mastercards are also available to students if their parents co-sign.
Not far from Gottwald Square is the aquatic center of town for spa patients, the Gorki Colonnade, with an elaborate glass-paned archway and Corinthian columns.
According to Henry Lambert, grandson of the founder of the jewelry firm, the clock's foundation - directly above a subway vent - was growing progressively weaker and he had it removed around 1979.
Power plants that try to achieve the reductions by using still-developing technology that enable coal to be burned cleanly would be given an extra three years to meet the goal.
b-Net income Figures are in Canadian funds.
Love remains, even when it is painful, in order to keep our friendship alive.
* PLM International Inc., San Francisco, which makes transportation equipment, said it had entered an agreement with Transcisco Industries to help Trancisco dispose of its 36 percent of PLM's stock.
The predawn quiet of this peaceful Baltic harbor was shattered by the thunder from the 15-inch guns of Nazi warship Schleswig Holstein.
Mr. Randol estimated that Chevron stock would sell near $60 a share based solely on its profit outlook even without the takeover speculation.
'Sean didn't tell me you were black,' the mother said, and I thought, 'Isn't that wonderful; children can really grow up without prejudice.'
Today, for example, Liberal Democratic politicians said the latest strong candidate for Prime Minister seemed to be Toshiki Kaifu, the 58-year-old former Minister of Education, who was said to be a compromise choice among several senior party barons, including former Prime Minister Noboru Takeshita.
Work moved on apace between 1900 and 1904, then stopped abruptly.
Professor Zigler, whose work is credited by many as having provided the intellectual underpinnings to the bills in Connecticut and elsewhere, said he thought business groups are opposing mandatory leave legislation more because they see it as intrusive than because of the costs.
''The Chairs'' is a more overtly serious play, but it is no less comic, as a nonagenarian couple prepare their island home for an event that never takes place, a speech by a visiting orator.
That's what we focussed on.''
The myth that child prodigies generally come to no good end satisfies some deep need in the public psyche.
Shanda Berry had 20 points and 11 rebounds to lead Iowa (27-5).
''Almost every building has been hit.
Asked if his new campaign strategy of highlighting an issue a day meant an end to his attacks on Mr. Dinkins, Mr. Giuliani flashed a tight smile.
We knew, and could have stopped it, but did not.
It's got real, valid, extended improvisations, along with what he called church music, and be-bop, and beautiful ballads.''
Nine generals involved in the failed coup have been executed, according to official announcements, seven of them after Colonel Mengistu's hasty return from East Germany to put down the mutiny.
''Now that's happening,'' Mrs. Boulanger said.
The office, based in Madrid, was opened two years ago and has 27 employees.
Henry Bellmon of Oklahoma, while saying he was ''thoroughly disgusted'' by the arrests in recent weeks, nevertheless pledged his support of Barry Switzer, the football coach.
''To give you some idea of the size of a motor in a bacterium,'' Dr. Block said, ''roughly 1,000 of them side by side would equal the diameter of the axle in one of those silicon micromotors.''
Like many politicians, he is always evoking different aspects of his personality and background to serve whatever purpose is at hand.
As a principal of Housing Developers Unlimited, Mr. Hampton was associated with the construction of 4,500 dwelling units in New York and Hoboken, N.J., including the Espalanade Gardens and Riverbend middle-income developments in Harlem.
''But the unfortunate trend now established is one must tell all and promise all and be a good, good, good boy and promise to be a good, good good boy forever after.
''It can already be determined that it was a fabricated political trial,'' Mr. Major said at a news conference.
But several players said Riley would have made the team if it were not for the test results.
It is usually also similar to the cost of erecting a wood stove chimney separate from the existing chimney.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Grubb & Ellis Co (NYSE) Qtr to March 31 1989 1988 Revenue 76,966,000 70,944,000 Net loss 1,746,000 5,884,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
''Even if you don't take the health risks and economic costs into account, it's just the nuisance of it all.
Mr. Berry, by implying otherwise, is rash in his judgments and erroneous in his assertions.
Why this is bad is hard to say.
The newspaper cited the lack of space in Beirut cemeteries, a result of a 14-year-old civil war that has killed 100,000 people.
''It was a catch basin for everything that floated down the river,'' he said.
It endures in the lingering memory of time together, in the embrace of a friend, in the bright questioning eyes of a child.''
But in Ibsen and Strindberg hardly anyone ever eats.
''But once these remaining issues are resolved, we hope to have a workable plan ready to discuss with the Soviets.''
Needle in Hand, Art Center of the 92d Street Y, 1395 Lexington Avenue; 212-996-1100.
That came early this year.
When the Harlem Ship Canal was completed in 1895, Marble Hill was separated from Manhattan, and, later, when the creek was filled in, its ''annexation'' to the Bronx was complete.
The bones of the exinct saber-tooth, dating from 10,000 to 40,000 years ago,represent 1,100 to 2,200 animals that were among the many thousands who became trapped and perished in the pits of sticky asphalt on the coastal plain here.
This is particularly true of the ''electronic darkroom,'' which allows editors to call up pictures on a computer screen and correct them for color, crop them or perform other make up and layout operations.
Nearly 250 actors in Japan perform today, divided into a handful of hereditary clans.
Add the reduced cream, season with salt and pepper to taste and continue to cook for 10 minutes.
b-Net income c-Included an extraordinary gain of $39,000 for both the quarter and 6 months.
It is widely conceded - even among higher education officials in the state - that the State and City Universities of New York do not enjoy the recognition of the most highly regarded state systems, like those in California, Michigan, Washington and Wisconsin.
''Now is the time to strike,'' Mr. Mondale said.
Joe Borak, a Pitman Councilman, said, ''I think we're a little disappointed in the report.
The indictments grew out of a two-year investigation of the nation's two largest commodities exchanges, the Chicago Board of Trade and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
The trend, alas, has gone the other way.
Under the legislation, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation has the responsibility for managing the trust corporation, and for the first time its officials will have to report to a higher authority.
Originally, the participants had to be referred by another drug program.
A Symbolic Answer Mr. Shamir insists that Palestinians from the Palestine Liberation Organization would not be acceptable.
Local and state licensing panels are considering proposals that would expand the number of Puget Sound salmon farms to 20 from 13 in the next year.
Gulfstream spent the next 30 years operating only after Hialeah had closed and the high-rolling tourists and the best horses had returned north.
International Outcry Even so, the champions of a ban on ivory sales, including the United States, said they were satsified.
Proponents of Amendment 1 said a positive vote would revive the optimism in Louisiana.
''The implication that I deceived Viking Penguin,'' Mr. Rushdie wrote, ''is wholly unjustified and, in the present circumstances, injurious.
It is one that combined elegance and low-down earthiness, candor and rationalization, dependency and resilience, flashes of temperament and humor - all finally done in by the ravages of heroin addiction.
Mason kicked a 31-yarder four minutes into the second quarter after Derrick Dodge intercepted a pass at the Auburn 38-yard line as the first quarter drew to a close.
''Other buyers of Treasury paper are behaving as though we were in the midst of a severe recession, when most of the signs point to a gradual slowing of the economy in the foreseeable future,'' the dealer said.
This makes it too small to create light by thermonuclear reaction, but big enough - 10,000 times more massive than Earth - to glow as its gases collapse under the pressure of gravity, he said.
Without leadership, the agency is so poorly financed that its landlords reportedly threatened recently to cut off elevator service for nonpayment of rent.
Evans ended the Baltimore second with an outstanding sliding catch with two runners on base.
From cookbook to textbook, John Philip Jones, a well-known marketing consultant and chairman of Syracuse University's Newhouse School of Public Communications, has written ''Does It Pay To Advertise?''
Moving in response to a problem created by the Government's savings and loan rescue, the Comptroller of the Currency proposed today to establish a 3 percent minimum capital requirement for nationally chartered commercial banks and maintained it would strengthen the banking system.
Acquainted for Several Years Mr. Gibbons and Mr. Bertain have known each other for several years, said both a spokesman for Kroll and Mr. Bertain's older brother, G. Joseph Bertain.
He founded the Rocky Mountain School after teaching at the Putney School in Vermont.
''I would argue that the structure of the city, the five boroughs, is essential to its property, affairs and government.''
It has been at least 40 years since three officers have been slain in such a short period, according to police records.
Lodging, breakfast, dinners and transportation are not included.
In April 1944, a partisan unit insinuated itself through Black Cave, upstream.
Unless Mr. Tower's private life opens him to extortion, it has little bearing on his competence for office.
#20 to 30 Answer Screams The Rabkims were held up and slashed at 10:10 P.M. at the intersection of Carroll Street and Schenectady Avenue, the police said.
''The Dude,'' which A & M released in early 1981, sold over a million copies and received seven Grammy nominations and made a star of the pop-soul singer James Ingram, who sang its two biggest hits.
The U.S. should demand the establishment of an international tribunal, modeled on Nuremberg, to hold international criminals accountable for their crimes, from terrorism, genocide and torture to narcotics trafficking and attacks against diplomats.
Failure to inflict a significant blow on the malfeasant government, however, leaves but two other options.
Soviet specialists say that the changes in Eastern Europe also make it harder to reverse the changes under way here.
A short hike across the flat terrain of the tiny island led through a pleasing array of wildflowers.
In addition, we provide a telephone referral network.
Wasserstein wrote to Warner's board on June 16, characterizing the deal as fair.
Mr. Dinkins's criticisms, more often implicit than direct, partly represent an effort to transform his potential liabilities into virtues as he adjusts his strategy for the less than seven weeks left in the general election campaign.
Thomas L. Ashley Member of the National Economic Commission and president of the Association of Bank Holding Companies.
Smaller clashes followed in Kazakhstan and on the border between Tadzhikistan and Kirghizia.
On several occasions at the season's start, league representatives then made unannounced visits to the bar and filed affidavits regarding the transmissions.
Storm Blows In At first the weather helped the cleanup effort there.
BASKETBALL NATIONAL BASKETBALL ASSSCIATION - Fined Rick Pitino, Knicks coach, $3,000 for remaining near the playing area after being ejected from a game against the Chicago Bulls on Dec. 30.
In an interview on Sunday with Newsday at the economic summit in Paris, President Bush's chief of staff, John H. Sununu, questioned why New York would want to destroy Shoreham.
The long-awaited decision means that Shoreham - which has dominated politics on Long Island and national debate on nuclear energy for much of this decade - is licensed to begin churning out electricity for thousands of homes and businesses.
''The critics say Arsenio is maybe too urban to succeed; a studio head may say it.
Unless there is a change in the system, there is no assurance that any approved land-use change will be secure from a successful legal challenge.
The funds rate fell as low as 9 5/8 percent during the afternoon before bouncing back to a late quote of 9 11/16 percent.
Full details of the contract were never fully disclosed.
In a business built on personal relationships, those between presenters and managers are an important part of the equation.
Carlos Martinez led off with his third home run and Gallagher and Lyons hit run-scoring singles.
Mr. Zhao is reportedly stripped of power.
Wyvetter Younge, a State Representative from East St. Louis and a member of the Governor's panel, said the city had declined because of ''neglect and denial based on race.''
Still, there is nothing to prevent a knowledgable shopper from asking the state insurance department whether a particular policy is covered by a guarantee fund.
Besides, it is politically unwise for military contractors to abandon defense projects too quickly.
* Student Loan Marketing Association is offering $300 million of floating-rate notes due 1990, at a price of par, through Goldman, Sachs & Co.
Firefighters have such a right.
But in the wealthy areas San Salvador was as tightly shut as if it were a Sunday or an important holiday.
The diplomats said intelligence reports from Kabul show Soviet forces continuing to prepare for withdrawal.
Of course, this suburban mother (Mary Ellen Trainor) is a killer, implanting a fire poker in her second husband's head while her little daughter sits in an upstairs bedroom waiting for Santa Claus.
Mario M. Cuomo said yesterday.
thus attempting to raise to the level of serious social inquiry what was, in fact, a rather low-rent barroom debate.
(She also spoke a fluent Spanish and as children we suspected she was involved in the overthrow of the Cuban dictator, Gerardo Machado y Morales.
To the Editor: Your ''Portraits of the Homeless'' articles (Dec. 19-22) helped erase some of the stereotypes; however, they suggested that solutions are not available or too expensive.
let us laugh and try again.
Her father is a founding partner of the law firm of Baker, Chapman & Diefenbach in Akron, Ohio.
In the hacker community, the codes are often posted on ''electronic bulletin boards'' shared by computer users.
She is ranked 16th in the world after starting the year at 44.
probation and ineligible for a bowl-game appearance, finished the year at 9-2 over all and 6-2 in the conference.
The Select Panel on the Future of Delaware Agriculture, appointed by Gov.
He was a strong-minded and popular academic who lived surrounded by terror and died trying to keep higher education alive in a country where it is no longer safe to be young.
He was a sophomore at the high school at 883 Classon Avenue, near Eastern Parkway, in Crown Heights.
''What we needed to do was to promote them more,'' he said.
Nobody is sure who added what, but the final version of the spending bill was approved by a voice vote in the Senate and after only brief debate in the House.
''I can't find myself,'' the pitcher said finally.
Genocide Is Denied There was no calculated plan of extermination, they say.
A Fear of the U.S.
Duplicating costs have dropped to $3 per video over the last year from $4, but would have to fall another dollar before publishers could crimp subscription prices, Mr. Kirkwood said.
Nursing homes, alone, typically run $20,000 a year or more.
By Joe Clark with Joe Picard.
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the management group, led by John L. Mulligan, American Western's chairman, did not disclose a price that it would be willing to pay for American Western's shares.
Military life of the 1812 era will be replayed with authentic props and costumes, including 200 to 300 tents with straw bedding and militia men dressed in Davy Crockett garb.
United Nations Special Inspector Mr. Hirschmann's interest in politics and government service led him to a long association with La Guardia, whom he met in 1933 when the former Congressman was running for Mayor.
The question of which state most deserves those riches has sparked some debate.
''Walking and climbing stairs every day increases my stamina and strengthens my quadricep muscles,'' said Jones, who is 34 years old and lives with his wife and two children in Collingswood, N.J. ''When you're biking, you need good strong quads to help you go the distance.''
''What she meant was that the wall was meant for her.''
''This discursive interwoven narrative fits comfortably the sprawling and interconnected way life unfolds in the Soviet Union,'' Colette Shulman said here in 1988, ''encompassing the whole human experience and obligating one always to live with conflicting ideas and realities.''
''While these results certainly call for close study, I don't believe there's any cause for alarm,'' he said.
Events and other characters tormented him, bringing about a change in his naturally timid rabbit nature and pushing him to take the offensive.
Yes, because trust is essential to government and cutting corners destroys it.
''They feel that maintaining the status quo is not enough to protect their way of life,'' Mr. Morris said.
Toby Robertson found himself watching helplessly as Shakespeare's Kate evolved from a hideously cruel virago to a tomboy wearing breeches - and then, when he'd become convinced by the logic of that, to a woman taught by Petruchio's parody of herself to feel how inhumane she'd been.
Seventeen units have been sold, mostly to older local couples who have given up large homes.
*4**Five counties of New York City plus Nassau, Suffolk, Westchester, *4*Rockland, Putnam, Bergen, Essex, Morris, Union, Hudson, Middlesex, Somerset and Passaic.
The rest of the game, he played his role as aggitator to the hilt, and even drew a warning from Referee Andy von Hellemond to pipe down or be penalized.
''In the middle of this ghastly evil, there is a beautiful side to people and it has come out,'' said Mrs. Cohen, a 50-year-old freelance writer whose family, though Jewish, exchanges gifts at Christmas.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Central & South West Corp. (NYSE) Qtr to March 31 1989 1988 Revenue 576,000,000 559,000,000 Net inc 72,000,000 66,000,000 Share earns .77 .70 Shares outst 94,300,000 94,800,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Mr. Eselgroth is by no means alone in his combination of wariness and enthusiasm for a parent's second marriage.
Representative Peter H. Kostmayer, a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee who visited Haiti last week and spoke with the United States Embassy there by telephone this afternoon, said he understood ''it was a drug-related coup, not a political or ideological coup.''
In addition, while President Moawad's election was accomplished with the support of the Maronite members of Parliament, it was ignored by many of the one million Christians in East Beirut, who demonstrated in the streets.
Once Stan Preston has removed the overglossing (the varnish over an original paint job), the LeBoeuf bluebill at Avendale Antiques will probably cost about $460.
And with Bart Giamatti already chosen to succeed Peter Ueberroth as commissioner April 1, the National League owners suddenly had an opportunity to ease their sociological conscience.
But he said ''the earth's temperature fluctuates considerably due to natural causes and no unambiguous connection can yet be made'' to the greenhouse effect.
A great deal of the speech and handwriting research in the 1990's can be expected to come from the Japanese.
Women had to stand there stirring slowly with a thermometer.
''If you don't have something in motion, it just might as well be a photograph.''
''I thought I had a flat tire.
R. Stanley Sheffer, in the Episcopal Church of the Good Shepherd.
Michael H. Yeargan's indoor-outdoor set design is an additional asset.
An unarmed mugging suspect died in police custody in the Bronx early yesterday shortly after violently resisting arrest, the police said.
Time to Go Ms. Chittenden sealed a partial wig across the expanse of baldness.
Place the pears upright in a baking dish just large enough to hold them comfortably.
The plan, signed by five Central American Presidents in August 1987, was designed to end conflicts and encourage democracy in the region.
''You've got to look at the economic side of it,'' Mayor Rinehart said.
A decade or two ago, most editors of major newspapers considered it a principal duty to guard the barricade that separates the news side of a paper from the business side.
To register for the free program call the library's community-relations office, 632-7878.
They are waiting for the California grape season to start, in about six weeks.
Mr. Koch, who has refused to participate in more than five debates because, he said, they were boring and gave his opponents a forum to attack him, had a chance to show he was above the fray.
Sure enough, from room to room there is a feeling of the mythological, even the mystical.
''I went to St. Louis, met Shenker and did a lot of other reporting,'' Lambert recalls.
Such companies are fueled by pyramid-like structures in which veteran salespeople recruit new ones and receive commissions from their sales.
However, revenues for the group are up.
Those 1939 prices, and the return of racing to Gulfstream after nine months, drew a Florida record opening-day crowd of 26,517, which stopped snacking long enough to bet $2.4 million.
''After all those years of being in the middle of things, I wasn't enjoying being on the fringe,'' Tekulve said in a statement released by the team.
Across town on Rua Buenos Aires, near the United States ambassador's residence, Antonio Morais produces classic country bread for most of the embassies and does it with an electric oven.
Whichever he chose, thanks to the club nine in the dummy, the diamond loser disappeared from the closed hand and the doubled game was made.
And other people were happy for us to put in a dream.
c-After an extraordinary charge of $3,796,000 for both the quarter and year, and the year also included a pre- tax gain on the sale of assets of $4,453,000.
Some are malnourished and hollow-eyed after long binges.
Although he recruited many of the players, Daly had not earned their respect as a coach.
Texaco Feud Resolved Texaco and Carl C. Icahn, its largest shareholder, reached a compromise in a bitter struggle over the company's future that had lasted for more than a year.
Interplay of Pressure Systems But some things are known.
The agency has designed road signs depicting a stylized cluster of white grapes on a green background, which are to be installed at 300 sites around the state.
They made down payments on their apartments, are prohibited from selling them at market prices and have been steadily encouraged to think that they own a piece of the building in which they live.
Three of the deaths Ms. Feldman refers to took place outside of schools and were caused by offenders the security forces would not have been able to search.
It reflects the number of rigs exploring for oil as of last Friday.
The title is taken from a Thoreau quote.
Panhandle's offer of $53 a share was $650 million higher than a hostile bid of $42 a share, or $2.5 billion, made last month by the Coastal Corporation.
Victor Gundarev, the former Soviet spy, has written to William H. Webster, the Director of Central Intelligence, complaining that the C.I.A.
There is crime to be conquered, the rough crime of the streets.''
'Rigid' Quotas Suspect Justice O'Connor specifically suggested that any ''rigid numerical quota,'' no matter how small, is suspect.
In many cases, it might be cheaper to borrow money than pay income tax on accrued interest resulting in paying for purchases out of current income.
They also wound up with five players earning the minimum $68,000, compared with one on opening day.
This can be served warm with pasta or grains as a main course, or cold with olives and a wedge of lemon as a first course.
JOHN G. HEALEY PAUL HOFFMAN New York, March 21, 1989 The writers are, respectively, executive director and chairman of Amnesty International U.S.A.
Earlier court documents showed that Metropolitan Life concluded in studies conducted in 1985 that all the corporations in which it held bonds were open to leveraged buyouts.
Although MacInnis's shot is bold, his manner isn't.
No answers were provided to the first survey, but the answers to the second would be an embarrassment to the writers if they weren't so proud of their own ignorance.
There is a widespread sense that 1988 was a watershed year in international affairs - a year that marked the beginning of a ''new era,'' requiring a radically new approach to relationships with our allies as well as our adversaries.
Overall, the avenue looks serviceable but tired.
Lawyers for the two other defendants, Todd Scott, 20, of South Jamaica, and Philip Copeland, 23, of Brooklyn, waived their rights to make opening statements.
To the Editor: Thanks to James Carroll for an essay many of us would like to have written (Op-Ed, Dec. 1).
The case could be important in determining how much exclusivity Apple can have over the ''graphic user interface'' that makes the Macintosh easy to use and is one of its main selling points.
Whatever the cost, Elizabeth Eisen considers the tiny jungle she has created on her 8-by-15-foot terrace a good investment.
Meeting in Washington, the 1,300-member Rabbinical Assembly detailed a program to train their own circumcision and divorce specialists and to build ritual baths for conversion.
The countdown ends in a nuclear explosion, followed by the voice of Lyndon B. Johnson.
Mr. Burns had received a master's degree in civil engineering from Arizona State and had just been promoted to computer department manager at Lever Brothers at 390 Park Avenue.
b-Net loss and included tax credits of $25,000 for the quarter and $449,000 for the 9 months.
As the Year of the Snake (4687) dawns, literal-minded meanings get thrown to the wind, and celebrations abound in the 300,000-strong Chinese-Americans of New York.
The current account measures the amount of money the United States must raise abroad to finance its economy.
He is a graduate of Babson College.
He carried 119 pounds, 6 more than Granacus.
The company rejected the $6.7 billion offer on Tuesday.
''There was an outbreak of hoof-and -mouth disease in the 1980's and the price skyrocketed,'' he said.
That's what they operate from.
''In our study we found that about 20 to 30 percent of the ventilators out there are black market,'' she said.
''It is an example of a kind of cinema that never came into being,'' said Mr. Pena.
Miss Tutwiler replied that the President had never considered such a move.
The young women who serve as traffic police still wear neat white suits and follow a carefully rehearsed ballet as they direct vehicles, but these days pedestrians sometimes jaywalk.
Our goods and services will not be competitive, our standard of living will stagnate and eventually, if both come to pass, our influence as a world power will wane.
There is no right solution for all.
QUESTION: In a National Hockey League game in which one goaltender replaces another one late in the first period, who gets credit for the victory or is charged with the defeat when the game is over?
The photographs may be seen in the Bridge Gallery in the County Office Building in White Plains through July 6, and then opens, on July 13, at the Pelham Art Center in Pelham.
Federal regulators tonight selected a group headed by a longtime Texas bank executive, Ronald G. Steinhart, to acquire the troubled operations of Texas American Bancshares Inc. in a deal that requires $900 million from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
I know how China works - see what we can do, make a representation of how strongly we feel against human rights abuse, but see what it's going to take to go forward.
In the morning rush, seven miles of the northbound New Jersey Turnpike near Hightstown were closed for almost two hours after a gasoline tanker overturned and burned.
Feversham included 637 Spanish silver pieces ranging from one-real coins to the eight-real ''piece of eight''.
''You can never really measure success; you can only look for indicators that make you happy or sad,'' said Douglas G. Watson, president of Ciba-Geigy Pharmaceuticals, which is running non-brand-name commercials for Estraderm, a drug to ease symptoms of menopause.
They saw opulence unlike any that they had ever seen before .
But a visiting opera administrator who attended the Friday rehearsal said that he thought ''the behavior of the soloist in question was justified under the circumstances.''
The pastoral administrator in Throckmorton is one of their number.
''That hurt us a little bit,'' Dent said.
Some officers earn more in this sideline work than from their regular jobs.
An article last week about William F. Farley's purchase of West Point Pepperell misidentified the Governor of Georgia.
4.Place the boiling water in a bowl and steep the tea in it for a minute or so until it is fairly strong.
Mr. Kean faced a similar problem in 1982, his first year in office, and helped enact increases in both the sales and income taxes to close a budget gap.
The substance looks promising for several medical uses, including wound healing, but in nature, it seems to have an important ill effect.
If the former Philadelphia third baseman finishes as the top vote-getter at his position, he will be invited to participate in All-Star festivities, but will be replaced in the starting lineup.
Lying Motionless Two years ago, Mr. Goldin said the ambulance service, which had been plagued with persistent vehicle breakdowns, was badly managed, misused equipment and had inadequately trained its personnel.
But it was not known whether Mr. Johnson had the backing of Treasury Secretary Nicholas F. Brady, who is in Paris for the economic summit meeting and could not be reached for comment.
Many American and British writers have reacted to the growing confusion of the public world by focusing on the more accessible world of the self.
In an interview tonight from strike committee headquarters, Mr. Kopasov said some of the demands agreed to at the collective-bargaining session in August had not been met.
Fishing, swimming or inhaling evaporating chemicals in the marsh all pose health threats, the report said.
A permanent center is unlikely to be built for several years.
Judd Gregg is forecasting a shortfall of $30 million to $50 million.
To begin with, there is no legal impediment to a condominium's right to borrow.
Steve Karmen, a leading composer who recently published a book about the jingle-writing business entitled ''Through the Jingle Jungle,'' added that the jingles used today are produced with electronic synthesizers rather than with live musicians.
But a lawyer representing the plaintiffs, Marilyn J. Morheuser, the executive director of the nonprofit Educational Law Center in Newark, said the Commissioner's ruling was self-serving, and she expected it to be overturned.
It is about to finish its most successful season, on July 2.
Hundreds of thousands of people marched in the capital today in support of abortion rights, carrying coat hangers to evoke the days of illegal abortions and waving banners that urged the United States Supreme Court to keep abortion ''safe and legal.''
Many analysts believe it is the gold mine just over the horizon that will give the N.F.L.
But with the information age, a new kind of corporate environment is emerging, replacing the traditional industrial-age organization.
In the second movement, the rabbi about to create a golem prays for the wisdom to control it, and apparently finds it as the music moves from a mysterious density toward brighter, more transparent textures.
For example, yesterday's support levels for the dollar were 1.8380 marks and 126 yen.
During World War II, Mr. Sebastian returned to the United States to conduct for the San Francisco Opera and other companies.
The Queens School Superintendent, who secretly tape-recorded school board members to expose corruption, has had trouble eating and sleeping.
''What we hope is to translate the essence of our Barneys' merchandise to the Japanese market,'' he said.
To some extent, their emotions reflect a generational split.
The White Barn is on the Newtown Turnpike off Route 33 in Westport.
He called the new policy a major turning point.
Welcome to the club, Brother Moon, now covering the regime of Whitey Herzog.
''I started with China silks,'' she recalled.
Last week, the Carnegie Corporation of New York challenged this assumption.
Antonio Gutierrez, secretary general of the Communist-led Workers Commissions, second in size to the General Workers, responded by calling for the resignation of Mr. Gonzalez.
How It Works: An exchange-rate mechanism commits members to limit fluctuations in the value of their currency to certain limits, or bands.
He was an advertising manager and promotion director for Life magazine, then in 1978 became vice president of marketing for the spirits group of Heublein Inc. Mr. Corr was publisher of Vanity Fair magazine from August 1981 until December 1983.
''Today we call upon the Soviets to cut their half-a-billion dollar annual military aid to Nicaragua,'' Mr. Fitzwater said.
The mollusk takes years to grow to its legal harvest size of 7 3/4 inches.
You win with 24 players.
This is out of our loving care for the young students.
It would also limit the amount of purchased servicing rights, those bought from large holders of mortgages like pension funds, that could be counted toward capital.
The beauty of Miss Ferri's Kitri was its fusion of now-powerful technique (perfect in every turn and balance), sustained characterization (coquettish and mischievous) and, above all, a consistent classical style.
It will be known as the Great Mosque Hassan II.
Henson Associates receives some revenues from the licensing of the Sesame Street characters.
''I have no bad recollections of him,'' Mr. Dillon said.
Although the law does not prohibit these combined contributions, it does make it easier to identify who collects them by requiring that their names be listed publicly in campaign finance reports.
There may turn out to be something timeless as well as something specifically American about the flat frontal impact of word, shape and color in an Indiana.
''The screen test with Steve and Norm went really well,'' Mr. Morash recalled, ''but when we looked at them together, with their beards and glasses, they looked like the Smith Brothers.
Mr. Jacobs was whisked away by deputies after posting bond so that he could sign out of the Cumberland County Jail.
But, she admits, there are limits to even the most meticulous preparation.
MAI officials were not available to comment.
Here are a few words with translations into the lingo of headline hype: avoid, shun; attempt, bid; difficulty, snag; fire, blaze; quarrel, feud; vital, key; exclude, bar; possibility, threat; restrict, curb; reprove, rap.
''The bears' case is that the economy picks up steam in the next three to six months, the Federal Reserve panics and interest rates go up into double digits,'' he said.
For reasons that are not clear, that transaction has been delayed, but is expected within a couple of months.
On the podium, flanked by bodyguards, Mr. North presents a more worldly persona than he did as the defiant marine who shouldered responsibility for his acts before the Congressional Iran-contra committees in July 1987.
He said the court thermometer showed a temperature of close to 120 degrees at 5 P.M., the midpoint of the match.
The magazine's quarters, in a modern office building on 16th Street in Washington, are a far cry from the grubby cubicles one associates with political journals on the left (if there still are any).
Under the proposed changes, Diane A. Keane takes over as majority leader and Andrew A. Albanese as vice chairman.
''I wondered if I really had a future here,'' he said recently.
's will be a fast-acting company to allow ''our retailers to capitalize at the start of a trend and be out before the decline.''
Borland has had a policy of announcing no product until it is ready to ship it.
Houghton Mifflin has also published 110,000 gift packages consisting of the book, a bell (one of which features prominently in the story) and a 12-minute audiocassette of William Hurt reading the story.
Dumars, is a quiet type, who penetrates, defends and is an outside shooting threat.
Mr. Cassibry said a poll was under way to determine Mr. Morial's chances.
''I'm a decent athlete and a body builder.
Sluggish in overcoats that were too warm for a day in which temperatures reached the high '40's, many customers said they did not care how warm it was, they were going skiing - somewhere.
The source of the rising living standard at the top is harder to determine.
It's just horrible to walk around here now.
Because of recent changes in the tax law, business owners must now pay Social Security tax on the wages of spouses and children of any age.
''You can take one, or take two, but if every year your child has another child, there's going to come a point of saturation.''
The allegations against the intellectual, Sari Nusseibeh, were included in charge sheets filed in the Lod military court against four Palestinians arrested and accused of functioning as go-betweens for Mr. Nusseibeh and P.L.O.
At least two of the men who died should have been freed, but their release had been delayed by paperwork, Mr. Pinheiro said, Others were held on criminal charges or were serving sentences of varying lengths.
IT IS GOOD TO BREAKDOWN in public.
But darts that might have inflicted a 50,000-volt electric charge failed to penetrate the four heavy shirts he wore.
The company said it had sold 14.1 million shares of newly issued common stock to the employee stock ownership plan formed last week at a price of $70.75 cents a share, for a total of about $1 billion.
After the passage of a a new Constitution in 1987, Mrs. Shahani said, ''I felt I should take a crack at politics.
The officers on top lunged forward, grabbing him just before he dropped.
''In China, forces within the army and the party are far more important.''
Always four beats and as many, or as few, syllables as you wish.
Mr. and Mrs. Otis Benson Davis of Kent, Conn., have announced the engagement of their daughter Alexandra Davis to Anthony Francis DiPentima, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Pantaleone Rocco DiPentima of Sunrise, Fla. A May wedding is planned.
He said the man who came to his aid said nothing to him and left quickly when the train pulled into the 135th Street station.
Traders said the report did not alter the currency market's expectation of higher interest rates.
She wasn't even on the island.
In his ''Grouse and Grouse Hunting,'' issued in a second edtions by Nick Lyons Books two years ago, Frank Woolner of Shrewsbury, Mass., observes of the cool-weather movement of grouse: ''When temperatures plummet, there is a steady gravitation toward edges where conifers blunt the stinging north wind.... More than ever, a partridge shooter must take sunlight into account, for a warm slope is always preferred to one shaded and therefore artic.''
They also partook of the usual borscht belt food and nightclub acts.
A handscroll, a Ming dynasty painting by Xu Wei, is regarded as a brilliant example of ''ink play'' - an astonishing variety of effects made with ink to represent peonies, grapes, banana palms, cassia, pine, bamboo and blossoming plum.
But let the reader rest assured.
''We are now at the point where we have to openly discuss change,'' he said.
We are essentially seeking to make RICO a single-damage remedy, thereby removing the irresistible lure of automatic treble damages in routine commercial cases.
Right now I'm four for four .
With the help of frequent bombing and shelling of guerrilla positions and by moving each of the convoys in careful stages, the Government forces have prevented the guerrillas from permanently closing the route.
New Orleans (4-5) fell victim to three Montana touchdown passes for the second time in five weeks.
In frequent public comment, Mr. Greenspan vows to fight inflation, and indeed, for nearly a year, he and the Fed's sometimes-divided policy-making committee have been using their influence in the markets to force up the so-called Federal funds interest rate, one that banks charge each other for short-term loans, by around three percentage points.
The police responded to Officer Byrne's murder by establishing the Tactical Narcotics Teams, squads of undercover officers assigned to sweep dealers off the streets in drug-plagued neighborhoods.
That's really the issue on Tuesday,'' said Doug Stout, vice president for lands and timber for Bohemia Inc., a lumber company in Eugene that has contributed $100,000 in support of the measure.
On July 21, he spoke by telephone with an undercover New York Police detective to further the plan, the indictment charged.
Astronomers on the ground had seen only the clumps and assumed they were incomplete rings, something no other planet had.
The company introduced them in 1983, under its Duncan Hines label.
A listing of Caribbean islands on Dec. 10 omitted some B.W.I.A.
John W. Rowe, president and chief executive of New England Electric, said in a statement that ''our objective throughout this process has been to bring more value'' to holders of Public Service of New Hampshire securities, ''with lower rates and less risk'' to its customers.
Quick Growth of Agency At a turning point in 1954, Mr. Harper acquired Wikerson, Schiwetz & Tips.
He says, ''When I finally got around to Barbados, I told my ol' lady, 'I'll either see you in 48 hours or two weeks.'
The early indicators suggest a big loss could be on the way.
For example, it said, one of the environmental agency's regional offices reported that because of two new large contracts the office expected to lose 20 percent of its technical staff.
She could combine the two.
''My first customer is myself.
* The game's other disputed goal, this one scored by John Ogrodnick of the Rangers midway through the final period, was allowed to stand and it momentarily brought the Rangers to a goal down at 5-4.
The vicissitudes of three families during the Civil War.
''It's not my fault if they haven't got it.''
Several team officials said Vanderaerden could make up a minute and a half if he had to.
Similar results emerged when tolls were raised 10 cents, to 35 cents, on New Jersey's Garden State Parkway last spring, and when the Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority's tolls jumped 25 percent last month.
To the Editor: ''The Cold War Is Over'' (editorial, April 2) is an astute analysis of the relationship between the United States and the Soviet Union.
PHILLIES 4, BRAVES 0 ATLANTA (AP) - Bruce Ruffin, a left-hander, allowed eight hits in eight and two-thirds innings and Dwayne Murphy's two-run homer highlighted a four-run sixth inning to send Philadelphia to victory.
In Paris, street markets flaunted huge bouquets of mimosa in February, small bouquets of lily of the valley in May, and roses all the time.
Shell said, the compound binds to five times it weight in fat molecules and passes out of the body through excretion.
A spokesman for Ballet Theater confirmed today that the statement issued from Toronto was approved by Ballet Theater and added that he could not elaborate upon it.
Tall, droll and eccentric, Eek-a-Mouse is one of Jamaica's best ''toasters'' - a rapper with a reggae backup.
Mr. Wagner had planned to remain on the board but not seek re-election as president when his term expires in July.
The Appel Farm in Elmer will observe Mardi Gras on Saturday with a Dixieland jazz party at 7:30 P.M. featuring the Crescent City Stompers.
Steve Rammel, a junior forward who transfered from the University of Connecticut two years ago, scored all three goals for Rutgers before a crowd of 3,390 at Rutgers Stadium.
The case became public Tuesday when Richard Lee Fowler, a former Boeing official, was indicted by a Federal grand jury in Alexandria, Va., on 39 counts of theft, conspiracy and fraud.
Joseph Fernandez, the incoming schools chancellor, sensibly proposes that he be allowed to help local boards choose their superintendents.
''There is a value for a continuing savings and loan industry that centers around meeting the housing needs of the people in this country,'' said Senate Banking Committee chairman Donald W. Riegle Jr., citing the need to insure no disruption in the mortgage markets.
If successful, it will have applications in cities around the nation.
Their skills in handling less precious metals probably increased the sculptural strength and bold detailing of African gold, and reduced fussy motifs to a minimum.
In initial assessments, the cost-of-construction formula was used, but in small-claims hearings for homeowners who appealed their assessments, a method based on market value was used.
The condominiums in those buildings are 85 percent sold at prices that ranged from $100,000 to $200,000.
Still another factor was cited for the lackluster gains - widespread ''extra-percentage-off'' sales in which prices were cut at the cash register on goods that had already been reduced.
Mr. Chakma said he decided to escape when Bangladeshi Army officers ordered him and other villagers to relocate in a new community with people from other villages, including Muslim settlers.
The willingness to wear moral blinders, whether it be on the part of the companies that provide this expertise or the nations which condone it, is simply unacceptable.''
But Laettner made one foul shot with 1:09 to go, the Hoya junior guard Mark Tillmon missed a 3-point shot, and Smith made another foul shot with 58 seconds to go to regain a 6-point lead and control of a situation that had appeared desperate.
He would have problems returning to France because a French court indicted him in 1987 for his part in the failed coup in Benin.
Officer Expected to Testify The indictment charges that one participant in the conspiracy was James W. Hall, an Army warrant officer who was court-martialed earlier this year.
A spokesman for the surface mining office said that it believed that enforcement problems occurred just after the law took effect and that the agency's difficulties were largely, if not entirely, behind the problems.
All the folly, squalor, self-deception, incompetence and mayhem exhibited in the Allied conduct of the war do not for one minute lessen its moral legitimacy.
But her family moved to London when she was still young.
The etiquette for attending a funeral is to find the family of the deceased, ask permission to attend and give a present.
The fire, at 1133 Broadway, was reported at 6:56 P.M. and went to a second alarm at 7:07, said a Fire Department spokesman, Lieut.
The attacks killed a Judge Robert S. Vance of the Court of Appeals and a Savannah lawyer, Robert E. Robinson.
In the wooded hills of Litchfield County, the Rolling Stones are respectable.
There are various categories we might require.
''Blame It on the Movies!,'' a musical tribute to film songs, closed after the Wednesday performance at the Criterion Center, Stage Left, 1530 Broadway, at 45th Street.
''This is a good day for the environment and Exxon shareholders,'' said Harrison J. Goldin, the Comptroller of New York City, calling Dr. Steele ''a brilliant and independent man.''
Woman's Day, with a circulation of 5.6 million, sells virtually all of its copies on newsstands.
Sonics 103, Blazers 100 PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) - Derrick McKey scored 13 of his career-high 34 points in the final quarter as Seattle won its fourth straight.
For other parties interested in the discussions, the settlement proposal seemed to offer much to their liking.
6 Ernest Riles, d.h. Only in Oakland He has two reasons to be thankful: The Athletics have four scheduled home games, which means he could be the d.h. four times, and the A's have right-handed starters.
Before then, fighting pollution was largely left to state and local governments.
Mr. Karelson has found that many interim tenants do not understand that they are signing a ''cross default'' agreement.
The Swiss drug and chemical concern F. Hoffmann-LaRoche & Company said today that trading of its shares would be suspended Monday on the Zurich Stock Exchange because it ''is planning a series of measures which are of considerable significance for the structure and future development of the Roche group.''
The board, having dismissed a lot of ineffective teachers, has pulled back from promises to those at the other end of the spectrum.
''I think, at the present time, it's a dead issue,'' Coach Bud Carson of the Browns said yesterday.
Outsiders cannot now judge whether those security demands were reasonable and thus whether the loss in public accountability was necessary.
Some famous subjects include Norman Bridwell's ''Clifford the Big Red Dog,'' Susan Jeffers's ''Cinderella,'' Michael Hague's ''Tolkien Set'' and Bruce Degen's ''Jesse Bear.''
At a news conference after the announcement of the accord, other rebel leaders complained that the declarations by Mr. Calderon Sol and Colonel Zepeda seemed aimed at sabotaging the talks even before they begin.
HOW well do financial markets forecast the economy?
What those alumnae questionnaires really want to know is ''Who are you now?''
Six extremely sensitive neutron detectors, hooked to a bank of computers, sit beside and below the plastic bottles.
The slides came out and all went down the slides.
Joan Reid Fitzgerald, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Walter P. Fitzgerald of Rye, N.Y., was married yesterday to Christopher Vincent Clarke, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Robert P. Clarke Jr. of Southport, Conn. Msgr.
''Perhaps the Fed tried to send a signal that it wasn't eager to see the funds rate below 9 percent at this time,'' he added.
It usually has more bumps than the Ravine.
At the Bennett Pavilion in Hempstead, the Hempstead Repertory Theater has scheduled Sophicles's classic, ''Antigone,'' Saturday and again next Sunday.
If you love dogs, you can't resist, as long as the character of Lassie is not sullied.
Brand has demanded that the committee narrow its request.
This finding should encourage other researchers to start working on other biochemical abnormalities in Down's syndrome that can also be corrected.
c-After charges of $426,000 for the quarter and $400,000 for the 6 months.
Mrs. Katzman expects to receive an M.D.
The American Jewish Repertory will begin previews March 25, with Lonny Price, now starring in ''The Immigrant,'' directing.
At that time, Jupiter will move out of alignment, setting back the oft-delayed Galileo mission another two years.
On the contrary, books and some 1,200 periodicals are attractively displayed in a labyrinth of accessible nooks and crannies, where browsers can settle into overstuffed armchairs and couches - or can rest their eyes while playing checkers.
The Friars set a school record with 32 victories.
An official of the PGA Tour, who asked that his name not be used, said the two golfers had told tour headquarters of their decisions and would play a restricted American schedule in 1990.
Results are in Canadian dollars.
They feared that his continued presence would mean further turmoil and a revival of the ethics committee's investigation into his finances.
They don't need to send four players to Atlanta to get Dale Murphy or four to Seattle for Mark Langston, and they say they won't.
His wife, Dee, teaches school there (the couple have no children).
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* National Health Laboratories Inc (OTC) Qtr to March 31 1989 1988 Sales 93,900,000 77,700,000 Net inc 15,800,000 12,100,000 Share earns .16 .12 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Height, circa 1.82 meters; hair, light; eyes, light; age, circa 28.''
One of the biggest rewards in my job is that I hear the most fascinating stories about people's pasts.
The nutmeg flavor comes from the syrup made from the pods of the spice.
Richard J. Callahan, executive vice president at U S West, the Denver-based former Bell company, declined to comment on Mr. Mosbacher's remarks.
Even as he grows more comfortable behind Mr. Giuliani's desk, there are plenty of reminders, too, of how new he is at the job.
He has obtained a court injunction and is appealing the ruling before an administrative law judge assigned by the racing board.
Let them not serve to spread anti-Polish feeling.''
District ranked lowest in city last year in reading-test scores, with 51.2 percent of pupils at or above grade level .
None were put under surveillance by German authorities and Mr. Khreesat fled to the Middle East, the officials said.
Administration officials said the F.B.I.
Metropolitan Life will buy a 10 percent stake in CS First Boston, in a move that would increase its influence on Wall Street.
Its grace and three-dimensional movement represent a quantum leap from the flat, stylized Burgundy cross.
Democrats said they want Republican legislators to go on the record about their position on Federal financing of abortions in cases of rape and incest.
But Jay J. Meltzer, an apparel analyst at Goldman, Sachs & Company, said most shipments were still on schedule or nearly so.
The piece, a two-sided medal honoring Charles Darwin, is the first design by a foreign artist issued by the society.
One son was said to have used part of one clinic as an office for a commodity-trading business.
''As a result of the Rushdie affair, the British Foreign Office is advising British citizens not to travel to Lebanon,'' the warning said.
''Professors have to put some boundaries around the dissertation, and help students decide when you're through,'' said Dr. LaPidus.
At the same time, he is paralyzed with a despairing sense that there is really nowhere to go.
The rescue was also hampered by bursts of heavy rains, which stopped as the survivors emerged.
China has cut off arms supplies to the Muslim fighters and has advocated formation of a ''broad-based government'' in Kabul, wording used by the Soviet Union in its diplomatic efforts on Afghanistan.
These deeply discounted fares are much less than a ticket purchased the day of travel or a one-way fare; many leisure travelers don't know there are full coach one-way fares, but business travelers use them most of the time.
About 11 A.M. Tuesday, he was dispatched by Major Giroldi to speak with senior American military advisers, according to the Congressional official.
''If a Jew walking through the land which has been his home for the last 20 years is still a provocation, then it's time that is stopped.''
'' Ridgewood, an affluent suburb of 25,000 that takes pride in its quality education, had rejected only four annual budgets since 1946.
The system is based on the premise that no two voices are alike.
The winners of those awards have not been determined, but some players will gain bonuses because of them.
Before he became a full-time director, he was a rising young actor.
So what does one do when one is marooned and an outing, any outing, presents itself?
''No, there isn't,'' I said.
After all, it is a well known maxim that in the valley, work and play are the same thing.
In July, President Mikhail S. Gorbachev of the Soviet Union appeared before the Council of Europe in Strasbourg, France, and issued a statement saying that the Soviets rejected any form of intervention in the internal affairs of other nations, allies or others.
''Although I'm a reader of your Monday fitness column, I'm frequently appalled by the implied narcissism and self-preoccupation of your content,'' she wrote.
Eastern Airlines blamed striking machinists for bomb threats against a flight today, claiming that their union was trying to frighten travelers.
The department has an interest in the matter because it is responsible for the city's watershed property.
Winning's great, but it seems to be tarnished by the way I played.''
In the suit, two parents who admit they are alcoholics say a distiller's failure to warn of the link between moderate or heavy whisky consumption and birth defects was the cause of their child's deformities and impairments.
The Friars led by 95-94 after Matt Palazzi's 3-pointer with 1:52 remaining.
One of the missing people returned home, one was out of town and the third was in jail, Captain Hahn said.
As an interpreter, Mr. Wand is part of the idiomatic German tradition, and in this time of rootless interpretive internationalism, that is hardly to be scorned.
DAVID E. PASELTINER Great Neck, L.I.
''You know what he told me?
Loud Noises Heard On Flight 5050, the first sign of a possible problem with the takeoff was a loud bang just 27 seconds after the brakes were released, allowing the plane to roll down the runway.
Mr. Doty also engages readers in a series of word games intended to familiarize them with healthy foods, as well as a quiz to gauge whether the refrigerator at home is properly stocked.
Entrees come with homemade coleslaw and rice or a choice of fried, new or baked potato or fried yams.
If the industry denies coverage to the million or so Americans who may be infected, its other policyholders may save a few dollars on their premiums.
Then they buy consumer goods in the G.D.R.
Mr. Fitzgerald, in his pretrial deposition, said Ms. Goldberg agreed that if she bought the mosaics and resold them, she would give Mr. van Rijn and him each 25 percent of the profit.
Should he win the starting small-forward spot, what happens to Johnny Newman?
She tries to catch individual poses and expressions in pets' eyes.
Overture to Israel Reported JERUSALEM, Dec. 17 (AP) - Prime Modrow has said that East Germany is willing to discuss changing its policy of denying responsibility for the Nazi genocide as a way to establish diplomatic ties with Israel, an Israeli newspaper reported today.
He said the call last week was social until Mr. Harding asked if he knew about a developer described as an associate of Jack Jordan, president of the Housing Authority patrolmen's union, who has been mentioned as a possible insurgent candidate against Mr. Giuliani in a Liberal Party primary.
Your editorial forgets that a murder conviction starts with a murder victim, who was killed in cold blood.
The White House officials, speaking anonymously, said that in five hours of shipboard meetings with the Soviet President, Mr. Bush had indicated that Washington would support granting the Soviets observer status at the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, the Western-dominated international trade organization, once the current round of talks in Uruguay ends by the end of next year.
He noted that for the price, the equivalent of about $13,500, ''you can buy the rights to two or three episodes of an American series.''
A graduate of Swarthmore College, he was a Fulbright scholar at the University of Tubingen, West Germany, and received a master's degree in history at Columbia University and a J.D.
McDaniel capped the run with a 20-foot jumper.
The fares may have requirements for advance purchase and penalties for changes or cancellation.
Under these visual flight rules airplanes can fly closer together than under rules used for bad weather that call for distances between planes to be monitored by flight instruments and radar.
A fungus disease does trouble pachysandra and many other groundcovers.
Bay Street The Bay Street Club on the Long Wharf in Sag Harbor is probably the best known - and possibly the best -place to hear rock on the South Fork.
''Hitler had wanted, planned and unleashed the war,'' he declared.
''He knows what he is doing, and he takes me for whom I am,'' said Major Sayed Hamed, a man with a reputation among his army buddies for picking fights and creating trouble.
Money Instead of Duty But the Army postponed doing so for seven years, offering in its appeals to reinstate her by paying her for the remaining year in her original tour of duty, an offer that Ms. Ben-Shalom rejected.
What NATO needs from President Bush is an articulated vision of a safer European order.
It was a game they looked like they might have given away when Brian Mullen's short-handed goal 12 minutes into the second, following Tomas Sandstrom's goal six minutes earlier, gave the Rangers the lead at 2-1.
Young Izzy found his first steady job on the Bowery, looking after Blind Sol, a singing beggar.
But somehow Lancaster believed it was 2 and 0, as Zimmer believed Bielecki's insistence that he wasn't tired, as Wilson believed he lost the fourth game, as Dawson, who stranded a total of 19 baserunners, believed he could go for the seats.
The finesse of his line, his control over historical models and his command of space make him a timeless writing master.
They make ''expeditions'' to Arab villages on Friday, the Moslem holy day, provoke stone-throwers, then shoot to kill because their ''lives are in danger.''
''It is rewarding work,'' Mr. Sedgwick said.
As a result, a ''grave risk of catastrophic slope failure'' exists, endangering a New Jersey Transit commuter railroad line about 300 feet from the northern border, a gas pipeline to the south and environmentally sensitive wetlands, according to court papers filed last week by the department in State Superior Court in Hackensack.
The politicians refused to deliver such a message, saying that the guerrillas represented a large number of Salvadorans disenchanted with the Government, which has presided over tens of thousands of death-squad killings in the last decade.
''Plebeians'' (it is his version of ''Coriolanus,'' as he imagines it being directed by Bertolt Brecht during the East German workers' rebellion in 1953) had gone unperformed in Germany for the previous 20 years.
Nintendo employees use hand-held computers at toy stores to monitor sales.
Details Are Disclosed Government officials said these public comments gave only a bare outline of a conflict over how to speed the removal of Gen. Manuel Antonio Noriega, the Panamanian leader, and how to interpret the Presidential order on assassinations.
But Mr. Fishwick and others point out that drawing conclusions from international comparisons is often tricky, complicated by differences in personal incomes, production costs and alternative forms of entertainment.
''In theory, price caps do give the regional companies a greater incentive to become more productive, but in practice the Baby Bells are under no competitive pressure, as is A.T.&T., to actually cut costs,'' said Gerald J. Kovack, senior vice president for regulatory and public policy at the MCI Communications Corporation.
If you want to watch the Mets, you also have to pay for MTV.
The discounts include 50 percent off purchases at the gift shop at the Children's Museum on Juno Beach and a free T-shirt with swimsuit purchase at the Surf Shop.
A Five-Point Proposal To find a way out of this impasse, Mr. Baker stepped in with a five-point proposal that the Foreign Ministers of Egypt and Israel come to Washington and sit down with him and agree on a list of Palestinians who could take part in a pre-election dialogue with Israel.
It was one of the most notorious encounters in racially troubled New York City in recent years.
The rationale behind such thinking is based on the fact that ''Chicken Soup'' - because of the tremendous audience it will receive courtesy of ''Roseanne'' - may be judged more harshly than other new series.
1 The last big troubled Texas banks are to be taken over by a group of investors, Federal regulators said.
(Opt instead for the excellent grouper, its snowy, crisp-skinned flesh garnished with sevruga caviar butter and paired with wonderfully crunchy noodle cake).
''When people didn't have electric, he used to walk up flights of stairs with a lantern,'' said Roxie King Mitchell, who like Dr. Warpick, is 88 years old.
Of the 42 deputies elected to represent the republic in the National Congress of People's Deputies, 36 were candidates from the independent national movement Sajudis (pronounced SAH-you-dis).
They even fault consumers: ''If the public demanded antilock brakes, then we'd have to give them to them,'' one spokesman said.
The ''prize'' involved the threat of being taken to court for allegedly failing to comply with the town's building code.
On the New York Mercantile Exchange, oil futures finished higher but well below yesterday's highs on signs of tightening supplies of the American-produced crudes that give the highest gasoline yields.
THOMAS DE MATTEO Northford, Conn.
Warfare by Lichtenstein Outstanding among the Mayer holdings is Roy Lichtenstein's ''Torpedo .
But for all our sakes we need honestly to redescribe the way things seem when they change for us.
I never worried about what goofy things went on.
That left three absent veterans: Al Toon and Wesley Walker, wide receivers, and Johnny Hector, running back.
It may have been that they thought I was ridiculous.
The spot January contract for heating oil, which expires Dec. 28, rose a further 0.35 cent a gallon, to 75.01 cents, after setting a life-of-contract high at 75.80 cents.
''When the canvas cover blew off the tank and we needed inky black, we switched to shooting nights,'' says Mr. Giddings.
Terreri looked his sharpest toward the end of the first period, when he made four saves during a power play by the Flyers, who pinned the Devils in front of Terreri for almost the entire two minutes.
Her technique is at its peak, colored by an exciting new fearlessness.
A lot of those customers have shifted to the Majestic, which is across the street from the new Festival Palace and almost as handsome as the Carlton, though the marble walls in the bar have the feel of Formica.
General Thurman said a bounty of $1 million offered by the White House for General Noriega had produced ''a substantial number of bits of information on his whereabouts that we are pursuing.''
and since then, I've never had the urge to smoke.
The Brahms had a properly impetuous energy, and the Liszt, despite its extremes, conveyed its varied moods without too severe a loss of structural integrity.
Avon attributed the 1988 loss to a $545 million write-off of discontinued health-care operations.
The people of San Francisco, Agnos went on, ''are a very resilient people'' and have demonstrated that ''we are ready for resumption of normal life.''
The theme of blood, with all its archetypal implications, is omnipresent.
He told others he was prepared to take part in what he called a ''trilateral meeting,'' alluding to the presence of the Secretary General as mediator.
The director Andre Serban's vision of ancient Greek tragedy had audiences literally following the action.
Miss Alsogaray is the only daughter of Alvaro Alsogaray, the 75-year-old leader of the Union of the Democratic Center, but she is rapidly eclipsing him as a public figure.
And they know that if any of the drug men ask if they want to be their friends, or offer them money, they should say a casual no and keep walking.
The Polish American Congress, the Hungarian Reform Federation of America and other groups denounced the proposed policy.
NOTE: Serve with a salad and a 4-ounce portion of select-grade steak or a 6-ounce portion of fish.
David Ashcraft, a 23-year-old graduate student in Columbus, Ohio, agreed with Mrs. Patterson, a conservative Republican.
Criminals find it easy to convert them back into automatics, that fire at the rate of hundreds of rounds per minute.
An influx of physicians unfamiliar with the local language and customs was obviously more of a burden than a help.
The auto slump and lower export demand have also cut demand for steel, the Fed said.
Moments later, Mr. Bascombe fired at a group including Mr. Butler.
Louisa Matthiasdottir Robert Schoelkopf Gallery 50 West 57th Street Through March 8 Louisa Matthiasdottir continues to paint, as she has since the 1930's, still lifes, portraits and depictions of the Icelandic village and countryside where she was born and raised.
Mr. Lee - who acts in the film, wrote, produced and directed it - has said that he was trying to make a provocative film that would force people to deal with the problems of racial hatred.
''There were empty beer bottles up and down the street,'' Inspector Sanderson said.
For the Speaker, who has denied any wrongdoing, the political stakes in both the outcome and the aftermath of the investigation are high.
Thus, even before the war ended, Americans were encouraged to aspire to new suburban houses, filled with new appliances, as their reward for wartime sacrifices.
Performances on the State University campus by Mark Gould, Toby Appel, Mel Torme, the Preservation Hall Jazz Band, the Kingston Trio, others.
In a statement, Mr. Sherman said that the company's sales were strong in the 15 months ended Sept. 30 and that ''this kind of selling power would be enhanced if the company were sold and placed in stronger hands.''
Phone Strike May End Soon Nynex and two striking unions reached a contract agreement that could end the 100-day strike against phone companies in New York and New England by Monday.
In her finale, Liszt's paraphrase on Verdi's ''Rigoletto,'' a few particularly dense passages seemed to fall beyond her grasp, but for the most part, she played the showpiece with dazzling power.
At 11:15 A.M. Information: 807-6799.
But his successful re-entry into concert life suggests that he has a gritty resiliency previously unsuspected by many doubters in the music world.
For a generation, Gabriel Garcia Marquez's novel ''100 Years of Solitude'' was a metaphor for the introverted, hopelessly closed circle of Latin America's societies, punctured now and then by clumsy, greedy incursions of the U.S. giant but still absorbent and self-sealing.
Goldschmidt was spending the day across the peninsula in Clearwater, Fla., tending to another client.
''Many people are exposed at a very early age to video games,'' the president of Charter Arms, Jeffrey L. Williams, said.
She might then have attended to to her subject more and to herself less.
Elizabeth and others also say there are times when they want to be left alone.
Attorneys for the aliens had argued that the policy was illegally implemented because it did not comply with the Federal Administrative Procedure Act, which requires that 30 days' notice be given for major changes in agency policy.
That would make it a much more ambitious proposal than that of Eastern's management, which wants to restart a carrier that would be about two-thirds the size Eastern was before machinists struck and pilots and flight attendants honored the picket lines on March 4.
But critics of plan developed by Mr. Nitze, who served as Navy Secretary from 1963 to 1967, say the the proposal would not eliminate the Soviet nuclear threat to American ships because the Russians could still attack American vessels using land-based aircraft armed with nuclear cruise missiles and bombs.
Fiddling With a Formula But even with its success, Kaiser is under pressure to change in the face of increasing competition.
You got to have arms like an octopus to fight them.''
''Children have been picked up and recognized through chess and, as a result, other academic opportunities have opened up for them.''
Either they will get better or they won't get better.''
There probably wasn't an ''Abbott and Costello Meet the Moog,'' but if not, why not?
Dravecky, who was in uniform for the playoffs but not on the 24-man playoff roster, may have dislocated his left shoulder, said Greg Lynn, the assistant trainer.
Striving for Success ''I'm playing with confidence this year, confidence that comes from a little success.
5 2 A WORLD OF IDEAS, by Bill Moyers.
The heart lead was ducked to the king, and South crossed to the diamond ace and led a trump.
The hills above Vernazza have been scraped bare by the wind, and we sailed into the town as if on the wings of the doves that circled the bell tower.
Several mutual funds have had a burst of new business, surprising officials at some of the companies that offer them.
Since 1970, productivity growth among manufacturers has exceeded that of other business sectors by ten times.
In its previous trips to the title game, Michigan lost to U.C.L.A., 91-80, in 1965 and to Indiana, 86-68, in 1976.
The auction, which had cast something of a cloud over the fixed-income market, went surprisingly well, traders said.
''AIDS is a longterm problem,'' he said, ''and they could die tomorrow from so many other causes.
The American system depresses earnings-per-share, while the British system enhances it.
In the absence of a real Capitol Hill consensus on what the United States should do - should, for example, China's special trade privileges be canceled?
Never mind that American racing was conducted for hundreds of years without state-sanctioned drugging, and that horses run clean throughout the rest of the world.
This week, he said, the phrase about the leading role of the Communist Party and society had been dropped from the army oath, and in addition to Rude Pravo, the Communist Party newspaper, copies of Mlada Fronta, the youth newspaper that has shaken loose from the censor's grip, circulate on his base.
''But I don't want your stuff.
The decline indicated a continuing lack of investor interest in precious metals as an inflation hedge.
Mr. Keker, who flung his questions at Mr. North with a fast-paced rhythm that sometimes left the prosecutor flushed from exertion, challenged Mr. North's interpretation of the code of ethical conduct taught at the United States Naval Academy and later in the Marine Corps.
1960's-type music, all guitar, nobody able to play the piano or trumpet anymore.
Little wonder then that the government pulled out all stops to repair after Gilbert.
Mr. Pomerance worked as a chief financial officer at a Florida hospital before starting the Dynamic Control Corporation in 1974, which sold computer systems to hospitals.
I have to tell myself that it has no bearing on my future if no one writes my name down.''
I've already gone a step further than I'm required to on recusals, more than the law requires me to do.
Mr. Hutto said his fraternity had 150 members in its little-sister program each year.
The meeting in Bucharest between Mr. Ceausescu, Mr. Nyers and their Prime Ministers and Foreign Ministers was described by diplomats as disastrous.
Canada made two free throws and Todd Mattson's basket gave Army a 28-24 lead.
But various tax analysts in Washington disputed that view, saying a deduction would be hard to claim unless far more business-related discussion took place than seems to have been the case and, moreover, unless careful records were kept.
Arrange the peppers on a foil-lined broiler pan and roast about three inches from the flame, turning them occasionally, until they're evenly charred on all sides.
He was the first to campaign against government itself as one of those sinister forces that were responsible for the Awful Situation.
For all of 1988, MCI's profits were $346 million, or $1.23 a share, compared with $64 million, or 22 cents a share, for 1987.
Mr. Duffy said, however, that this was a risk the union was willing to take.
Never more than a quarter-inch thick says another.
He also was stabbed and wounded in the chest by a Palestinian last June.
Christmas trees are better than practically anything.
Behind the Lack of Warmth Chinese analysts and foreign diplomats suggest there are several reasons for the lack of warmth being displayed toward Mr. Gorbachev: * It is calculated to increase pressure on the Soviets to make last-minute concessions, particularly on Cambodia.
St. Peter's 60, Manhattan 56 By The Associated Press Willie Haynes scored 19 points, including two free throws with seven seconds left to lift St. Peter's in the Metro Atlantic Conference game.
Kelly Coveny was the maid of honor, and Dr. Howard Gliklich was the best man.
He also meets frequently with college students studying cartooning as a career.
Mr. Giamatti had scheduled a hearing Monday in his investigation of Mr. Rose's alleged gambling activities.
She said that although she does not favor apartheid, she would refrain from public criticism of the South African Government and its policies.
According to the prosecutors, the purchases were designed to raise the stock price so that when GAF sold its position in Union Carbide, which amounted to about 10 percent of the outstanding stock, the profit would be larger.
Also present are several Jewish, Protestant and Roman Catholic biblical scholars, who sometimes explain the historical context of passages.
''In my novel,'' he said, ''Communism is dead.
The Government is not joking at all about this.
The case for the West is based on the substantial gains Mr. Dukakis made over Walter F. Mondale's 1984 vote in Washington and Oregon (the Democrats carried both in 1988, but not in 1984) and in California, Montana, Colorado and New Mexico, all of which almost tipped to the Democrats in 1988.
It is a Swiss model that is as ordered, precise and dependable as the artisans that gave it being.
General Dynamics is still producing the missile and already has several thousand in storage.
More likely, it was a punishment.''
''I was trained in putting the design in silver hollow ware - coffeepots, teapots, bowls, trays, plates, porringers and goblets,'' he said.
Identification Cards Issued And in response to complaints from employees who said they were wasting time waiting in line, the county is now in the process of issuing identification cards to employees and lawyers who frequent the courthouse.
Virginia Woolf, writing from the vantage point of 20th-century England, once speculated on the fate of a woman born in Shakespeare's day with a touch of Shakespeare's genius: she imagined a life marred by family (5) tyranny, social hostility, thwarted ambition, and, finally, suicide.
One of the most original shows in recent years is ''Dancers on a Plane: Cage.
Another reason students are reluctant to report a sexual assault by another student is that few colleges have disciplinary procedures.
Nor did other aspects of the financing proceed as planned.
Foreign investors are again buying in the American stock and bond markets, no longer fearing the deficits will drive the dollar sharply lower.
Mr. Nerenberg pursued a panoply of legal and administrative appeals, some on the basis of the 1986 immigration law overhaul, but was repeatedly rebuffed.
But a bigger role is the failure of some women to get Pap smears in the first place - a health-care omission now made by 15 to 20 percent of sexually active women.
And outside the manor, across a courtyard, you can see the cottage where Charles Wade (a tweedy, long-haired, pipe-smoking, philosophical-looking chap, in his photo) lived in a stone-flagged room with its beamed ceiling slung about with everything for which you might have a sudden need, from cowbells to mousetraps and, in one corner, an unparalleled collection of very old umbrellas.
A board of 11 parents formally oversees it and contracts management to Kevin and Kathleen La Grow, who own a child care concern that runs three other centers with daytime hours.
That type of merger can potentially produce a formidable competitor with a range of talents, but is likely to result in a clash in corporate cultures.
A loaf of bread is supposed to cost the same in Harare and in a country store 100 miles from here.
Wall St. Fees Avoided Securities backed by consumer loans ''are the kinds of securities banks know better than others,'' said Hugh M. Balloch, a vice president at the Chase Manhattan Bank.
About 20 dwarf Korean boxwood plants provide him with the tiny green-leaved limbs that he cuts to serve as a base for some of his homemade wreaths.
U.S. companies cautioned their employees in China to be careful or to leave until the situation returns to normal.
That same year saw the formation of the now-influential environmental organization, Save Our Somers.
I did a complete rewrite.
Even if they haven't broken down and named names, the fact they have lived while others did not just makes no sense to them.
In the latter she describes the ''educated man's daughter'' standing on the bridge between the old world and the new and holding a coin: ''the sacred sixpence that she had earned with her own hands herself.''
His sentencing on the tax fraud charge is expected sometime after his appearance at Mr. North's trial.
Walker, the deep-threat wide receiver, missed his first pass in the second quarter against the Patriots last Sunday and twisted an ankle.
The study was released last year by the Dow Corning Corporation, which makes silicone gel and is associated with Corning Inc. and the Dow Chemical Company.
Trees play a part and a golfer cannot expect par if he overshoots the green because the pitch back is to a steep sloping green falling away to the front.
He discussed the offer with his service counselor, Barbara Shulman, whom he called ''very supportive and well informed.''
''The smell is definitely a draw to the customer,'' said Bob Damato, the director of bakeries and delis for Food Emporium.
A striking new portable stage for outdoor concerts by the New York Philharmonic and Metropolitan Opera is advancing toward final design, having won a $1.9 million commitment from the New York City Board of Estimate.
in Wisconsin, expressed approval of the tone of Mr. Bush's speech but skepticism about its impact.
Gazing out over Port Island from Mount Rokko, the visitor can trace Japan's emergence from isolation.
Five months later he lost the title for the first time, on a 15-round decision, to Randy Turpin in London.
National League First Base - Jack Clark, San Diego .197.
In the September primary, Mr. Dinkins received 13,314 votes in the 67th Assembly District, which covers much of the Upper West Side south of 95th Street.
In 1975, he became deputy general manager of the New York agency and a year later was named executive vice president of the Bank of Tokyo Trust Company.
''It's one more sign that consumers have not pulled in their horns and so a little more pressure is appropriate,'' said Stuart G. Hoffman, chief economist at the Pittsburgh National Bank.
The attorneys will work toward a disposition by plea bargaining.
''The officer simply used violence.''
Tania Leon conducted the orchestra.
Last year she chose white impatiens, but next summer she plans to use pale pink begonias and gray-leafed Dusty Miller, a combination inspired by a recent visit to the Carnavalet Museum in Paris.
A centerfire rifle is one that fires a cartridge whose detonator is seated in the center of the cartridge base, where it is struck by the firing pin after the trigger is pulled.
''It's his Ph.D. on the line; we may have to get rough,'' a senior faculty administrator declares.
THE GREAT UNIVERSAL EMBRACE Arms Summitry - A Skeptic's Account.
The success ratio is expected to be about 1 in 10 this season.
The Malleys, she wrote, were uneducated working-class folk, and Ern had eked out a living as a mechanic and insurance salesman.
In any case, the Board of Trade's action sent the price of the July soybean contract down 39.4 cents on Wednesday, although it rose 11 cents on Thursday and 6 cents today, to $7.035 a bushel.
''There's not really anything you can compare it with,'' the spokesman, Stephen Boyle, said by telephone from Washington.
This resilience, even when the economy is slowing and interest rates are being nudged downward by the Federal Reserve, has led many forecasters to revise their outlook for the year.
DEAF THEATER COMEDY The National Theater of the Deaf will give two performances of Philip de Broca's ''King of Hearts,'' based on the French film of the same name.
She criticized the plan in a recent letter to the British newspaper The Independent.
''I talked to a fellow from Lubbock, Texas, the other day,'' the President said at his news conference Tuesday.
A few years ago, the city rezoned part of Greenwich Street to allow construction of residential dwellings, paving the way for condominium development.
Mr. Hookway, captain of the student force and a computer science major from Chelmsford, Mass., said the students are trained to recognize certain kinds of fires as well as how to use safety equipment like the self-contained breathing apparatus that enables them to breathe inside a smoke-filled room.
Officials at the Soviet Embassy here have said that one of their most frustrating problems is pressing the Kabul Government to build up its food supplies.
''In many places people still have fear, with reason, because they're investigated, questioned, forced to denounce others,'' he said.
A woman was killed and three other residents were injured when a two-alarm fire broke out in a lounge at the Y.W.C.A.
Most Americans see it, Pat Brown concludes, ''as a kind of talisman against the dark forces that surround and threaten us all.''
It causes a progressive weakening and wasting of voluntary muscles.
The entire ivory trade nets all African countries only about $35 million a year he said.
Cologne needed a victory to retain a chance of catching Bayern.
Musselman chooses not to be judgmental or alarmed.
As a memento of his film debut, Mr. Dominello displays in his store window the jacket that Mr. DeNiro wore in ''Jacknife.''
They included 11 victims in the black township of Ntuzuma, near Durban.
As soon as the chicken is cool enough to handle, tear it into bite-sized pieces.
In the slumbering, Michelangelesque figures of his 1908 ''Three Women,'' there is a sense of a world about to begin again.
That Panama has become a more menacing place to live is nothing new, people say; the 1985 torture-murder of a prominent anti-Noriega figure, Dr. Hugo Spadafora, was the first indication that something terrible was afoot.
But, even then, at an early age, I knew I was white and they were not.
b-Net income The latest quarter results included a nonrecurring pretax charge of $800,000 for corporate restructuring related to consolidation of certain administrative functions.
There was no doubt that the going-back worry would come up.
(Allan Kozinn) Virgin VC 7 90717; CD and cassette.
Leontine Sharaga, one of the first female dentists in New York City, died of colon cancer Saturday at Montefiore Hospital.
In ''Voices of Freedom,'' Marian Wright Edelman, the respected civil rights lawyer who founded the Children's Defense Fund, sees a ray of hope: ''One has to remember the seasons, that in the barest points of winter, one really does have to remember that leaves and buds are beginning to blossom now in a new recognition by the country that it is in deep trouble.
He wrote the influential book ''Language, Truth and Logic,'' published in 1936, which came to be regarded as the basic English-language work on logical positivism.
Today, the couple are recognized as the trend setters of the leather industry.
MIPS Computer Systems' high-performance microprocessors will be made and sold by Siemens and NEC.
Nostalgia today is of the media, by the media and for the media.''
The year-ago results were restated to include the operations of Capital Trust Management Corp., which merged with a subsidiary of H&H Group in April 1988.
But the makers say that does not necessarily mean they pose a health risk.
The award was named for the American composer, who with his wife, Marian, transformed their wooded New Hampshire farm into a colony where artists may live and work in secluded, private studios for up to eight weeks at a time.
Under the city's current system, the Board of Estimate determines where things like shelters for the homeless and garbage incinerators are put, giving the borough presidents a say over what is built.
It is designed to cushion Poles from the effects of austerity, and given the dismal shape of Poland's economy, no one expects an overnight transformation.
One 16th-century commentator wrote that pitch should be ''at the level that pleases you.''
After three days of discussions with school officials, Pitino was offered the job of replacing Eddie Sutton as the coach of Kentucky.
Secretary General Javier Perez de Cuellar proposed cuts today in the size and cost of the peacekeeping force that the United Nations will send to Namibia this year to oversee its independence from South Africa.
''With fourth-quarter production schedules so low, they're not running a big risk of getting stuck with many cars.''
''We're interested in doing that only if it can still be done efficiently,'' he added.
During the call, the complaint said, Mr. Shannon detailed holdings of more than one million shares of TS Industries that he controlled but had not declared in an S.E.C.
''We wanted to give something back,'' said the donor, who asked to remain anonymous.
He was first elected to Parliament in 1946, at 28, and later served in various Government positions, including Finance Minister in the early 1960's.
No Great Optimism But many Bulgarians are doubtful that their new leader will go even at the Gorbachev pace.
The company said it intended to meet with other interested parties to explore alternatives.
His letter was read by J. D. Roberts of Oklahoma City, president of the O Club, a group of former Oklahoma athletes.
Dr. O'Brien said people who use cocaine frequently have jerky involuntary movements like those of Parkinson's disease patients.
Mr. Boskin primarily analyzes issues and the economy and recommends policy.
He also admitted making dead letter drops to the Russians but it is now conceded that any information he did pass was to dupe the Russians.''
But in the interim, according to James Carlock, deputy program manager for the Hubble project at Lockheed, advancements in technology have enhanced the telescope's durability and reliability.
To the Editor: Your article on Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc.'s creation of unbundled stock units (''Giving Birth to Unbundled Stock,'' Dec. 18) says, ''An army of lawyers, bankers, printers and publicists worked on the project.''
The National Governor's Association Task Force on Education will work with the President's designees to recommend goals to the President and the nation's Governors.
The plan would only make matters worse.
My view was of a London plane tree and of the second floor of the red brick building on the other side of the street.
Gradual Move Toward Revisions Mr. MacCallum conceded that ''the local population of Hong Kong does tend to favor fairly draconian punishments,'' which, he added, was why the colony still has a death penalty, and why homosexuality is still on the books as an offense punishable by life imprisonment.
It is a May morning in 1973, Oliva, in town with the Minnesota Twins, his dark eyes and gold tooth shining, seemed oddly ebullient for a man whose career, at the age of 31, was in danger.
The Lobos defeated Air Force, 74-60.
Speaking only days after the United States announced a $65 million aid package of helicopters and other military gear to combat the traffickers, Senator Samper questioned the Government's ability to pursue the war.
''Huxley in Hollywood'' is about evenly divided between the British author's domestic life - including his fascination with mysticism and parapsychology, his experiments with mescalin and LSD - and his half-successful career as a Hollywood screenwriter who indulged his fantasies in a glamorous circle of Hollywood celebrities.
It is hoped that this kind of publicity and strict enforcement of the laws and certification procedures for sports agents will make it virtually impossible for unscrupulous types to operate.
There is absolutely no territorial solution.''
Thaw in Czechoslovakia In Czechoslovakia, where church-state relations were singularly poor, a sign of a thaw emerged recently when the Government allowed four new Roman Catholic bishops to be named, the first time that has happened in decades.
The bulk of them are harvested by boat, but at Oostduinkerke, shrimp fishermen on horseback still drag their nets at low tide to scoop up these tiny glistening delicacies.
To talk boxing is to talk Tyson.
In addition, a job-skills program is run by the service for hard-to-place students.
When a child develops an allergy, Dr. Lang said, it usually begins with a food allergy from which the child develops hives.
We have so little choice in our lives here.
The ministers are expected to coordinate stands on price and production levels in preparation for a June meeting of OPEC.
''He can take that hit-the-beach stuff and take it back to high school or wherever he got it from.
The report was presented at the 45th annual meeting of the society, which 8,000 people attended in Boston.
''Although we are unable to label notes, for instance, C, D sharp or G, we do hear musical patterns as though we are referring to these note names,'' Professor Deutsch said.
They said they were afraid of reprisals from the pushers.
Captain Brown decided to donate the desk to the center so its sale would provide the money needed to repair the house.
Last Saturday the Huskies lost to Villanova, 41-35, in six overtimes.
Classified as Unfit At the end of the hearing Wednesday in Newark, the three-member utility board voted unanimously to revoke the operating certificate and bar Mr. Fiorillo and the other principals, including a reputed captain in the Genovese crime family, Matthew (Matty the Horse) Ianniello, and a business associate, Bernard Cohen, from future ownership or managerial roles in the garbage industry.
Immorality is such a vague and ambiguous term here, and we don't know whether they are saying she should have left her husband, turned him in to police or stayed with him and risked losing her job.
In suggesting that the state's school system concentrate on elementary education, Mr. McAuley said, ''If a sophomore quits school knowing how to read and write, then you haven't really lost the student, because when he wakes up at age 20 or 25 and realizes he wants his education, he'll have the skills to go get it.
The department once had a substantial rehabilitation program.
A single parent, Ms. Richardson wants her 1-year-old son, Matthew, to attend Harvard, Princeton or Yale.
Criticism Shrugged Off At a festive rally that included floats with young children portraying Mr. Bush, rebel leaders and Violeta Barrios de Chamorro, the leading opposition presidential candidate, Mr. Ortega shrugged off the sharp personal attacks that were sometimes directed against him at the Costa Rican meeting.
The Americans often missed subtleties.
The big Detroit automobile makers and many other large employers are providing space in hundreds of plants and offices across the country for Alcoholics Anonymous and Narcotics Anonymous meetings, which serve employees, their relatives and people from nearby communities.
The 204 motormen and motor switchmen, members of Local 497 of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers, approved the contract by a vote of 92 to 74, said Mark Marchese, a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which owns and operates the PATH system.
's remain very appealing to financial institutions.
As for your insider rights, the market has softened for these rights in some areas because in some conversions there is not much difference between the cost of shares to insiders and the open-market asking price.
In yesterday's season opener at home, Wagner coasted to a 54-6 triumph over Beach Channel of Queens.
''I moved around a lot.
What else could there be?
East Harlem Drug, 1814 Third Ave., $889,242.
Hence, implementing the flexible freeze will require significant cutbacks in existing programs even if no new initiatives are undertaken.
You can say what you want at home, but the problem is, if a person wants to change the system, a person educated in that system cannot change it.
Last time out, he tired in the final furlong to finish fourth in the Grade I Carter Handicap, but that seven-furlong race was a furlong farther than his best distance.
Their status for next week is uncertain.
Too many people mean higher prices.
Liberalizing Policies Rejected Mr. Antoniewicz formally read out of what he called the ''Communist movement for un-Communist behavior'' a list of 37 men and women.
When I see something like that, my lips are chomping.''
Otto G. Obermaier, who is to be sworn in as the new United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York at 4 P.M. today, has something to say: ''I have no message to deliver and I will have no message to deliver.
Dozens of firms or departments within companies have sprung up to produce and distribute them.
But the intelligence alerts were not couched in strong terms and so were not taken very seriously, said one Administration official, who expressed disappointment about the quality of the intelligence.
Reporters are barred from the Sunset Recreation Club, a policy being enforced with particular care now amid the cockfighting debate.
The concision of ''Rain,'' which lasted about 10 minutes, helped make it theatrically powerful.
I like mature men but it was getting ridiculous.
Tomczak competed 10 of 20 passes for 172 yards, with one touchdown (a 64-yarder to Dennis McKinnon), three interceptions and no sacks.
(AP) Bucks 106, Magic 103: Jay Humphries made two free throws with six seconds left as Milwaukee, playing at home, held off a late Orlando rally.
While Angola is eager to establish full diplomatic relations as soon as possible, American officials say the process must be gradual and incremental.
The Prime Minister, General Kiszczak, whom Solidarity forced into resignation, was the former Interior Minister who ordered the imprisonment of nearly all the union leaders and advisers, including Mr. Mazowiecki.
But there are also excellent examples of Surrealism, including the work of Max Ernst, Wifredo Lam, Victor Brauner and Rene Magritte; Minimalist pieces by Richard Serra and Robert Morris; earth works, including those of Robert Smithson and Dennis Oppenheim, and other objects by Jean Dubuffet, Marisol and Andy Warhol.
before the extraordinary income rose to 45 cents, from 38 cents in 1988.
But the rookie came through in the 11th after Mickey Tettleton walked and took third on Randy Milligan's hit-and-run single.
Mr. Jones filled 15 seats on the creditors' committee.
's commitment to political moderation.
If he is sometimes vague on the substance of his proposals, Mr. Dinkins is impeccably precise in his speech and bearing.
Page 1 Apartheid foes march on a beach 6 A Nicaraguan opposition leader has been chosen to run for President in the elections scheduled for Feb. 25.
Sour cream is another characteristic ingredient of Polish cooking, but the sour cream used in Poland is unobtainable in this country.
Unfortunately for the Communists, Mr. Craxi wants an alternative left-wing coalition, too.
That said, this is a delightful, wry and informative addition to the inexhaustible literature of the city.
Calorically speaking, all dietary fats are pretty much alike, providing 100 to 120 calories a tablespoon.
The best way there is to take the Palisades Interstate Parkway north to the Bear Mountain Circle, turning south there on Route 9W a short distance to the main parking lots on right, and then walking to the dock area.
In the 1987 season, Manley helped the Redskins reach the Super Bowl for the third time in his career.
Mr. Bush plans to spend his 65th birthday unveiling a proposal to clean up the nation's polluted air and flying aboard Air Force One to visit Grand Teton and Yellowstone National Parks in Wyoming.
Byron Jay, a former president and chief executive of the Great Atlantic and Pacific Tea Company, died of heart failure yesterday at New York Hospital.
Mr. Jones says with a smile, ''Oh, you're from the 60's,'' then sprays Mr. Costner with pesticide, yelling, ''Get out!
''She is happy,'' he said.
''We know about the economy faster than almost any other business,'' said Michael Blount, senior vice president of Halbrecht Associates, a recruiting firm in Stamford, Conn. As an example, he said, when the International Business Machines Corporation recently offered an early retirement program, ''we heard about it three minutes later.''
NOW that summer is in full swing, one's thoughts are turning to vacation planning.
A psychiatric social worker at the University of Chicago Hospitals, she received a master's degree in social work from the University of Chicago.
But increasing health-care payments will be difficult.
It could seem a bit like a Eurailer's dead end because no train can continue on from Venice without retracing track, but the train station sits on the Grand Canal, and the city opens in all directions from its marble steps.
He and his wife own 45 percent of the company, which primarly invests in other companies.
Squads that win at the local level can advance to regional, sectional and even national playoffs.
One day after the Dinkins campaign released a commercial featuring a strong attack on Mr. Giuliani by Senator Edward M. Kennedy, Mr. Dinkins appeared last night with another Massachusetts Democrat, Gov.
As a young man he joined the Communist Party, studied in Moscow and was a member of the armed forces of the Kuomintang before the Communists split from that Nationalist movement after the death of its first leader, Sun Yat-sen. Mr. Chen was later arrested and served a prison term.
Many parents keep the names of sitters to themselves and, whenever possible, get or even ''steal'' a name from a neighbor.
Now it's time to move on.''
Once the outline of a letter is produced, it must still be displayed on a video screen that is, in essence, a grid of square pixels.
The New Jersey Department of Education has established a council to define commonly acceptable values and to advise on goals and objectives for character education.
The hero, David MacAllister, is a C.I.A.
Questions were raised, however, when her position as a director of the Arab-American Cultural Foundation was disclosed in press reports.
That pace is faster than the Federal Reserve Board would like, and yet interest rates are likely to remain at close to current levels through the middle of summer at least, these analysts said.
With Bucky, it wouldn't be quite as awkward.
Make a beurre manie by combining the remaining tablespoon of soft butter and the flour, mashing with a fork until thoroughly smooth.
The idea of special community patrols has been around for years under one name or another.
Mr. Velasquez, however, said it was irresponsible and unreasonable to compare Panama with other countries in the region because it minimizes the violations here.
Eugene Kennedy, a biographer of Mr. Daley's father, said the Mayor-elect's most important asset was a strong sense of what Mr. Kennedy called ''practical politics.''
Salary Is Factor He is putting off any plans, however, until he pursues a playing job with another team.
The findings of those surveys shifted as the day went on; waves of reports came in from different precincts and the numbers were weighted to reflect actual turnout patterns.
It was also interesting to rub shoulders with some very important people, the other loaned executives and heads of corporations.''
They cover themselves with a mucus through which a neutralizing solution of bicarbonate percolates.
Several of the largest American retailers promise not to be undersold by Sears, Roebuck & Company.
There will be no charge to view the events, though spectators may be asked for donations.
The chief witness in baseball's investigation of Pete Rose testified in Federal court here today that Rose attempted to avoid paying taxes on race-track winnings.
Mr. Secord is expected to be helpful in the prosecution of the remaining defendants: John M. Poindexter, the former national security adviser, whose trial is to begin Jan. 22; Albert A. Hakkim, an Iranian-born arms dealer, whose trial date has not been set; and Joseph F. Fernandez, a former Central Intelligence agent, whose trial has been postponed.
In a remarkable show of resilience after months of sharp contraction and American economic sanctions, Panama's economy has avoided collapse.
The standard response by state governments has been to increase their contribution to local districts, with most of the new money going to the districts least able to raise tax money for education.
The story told by Mr. Hunter - a gentle, shrewd-spoken, gray-bearded black man known as ''Junior,'' who keeps a small rake and shovel by his bench to tend the nearby cherry and black-oak trees - is that of many of the city's homeless: a single, massive blow pushed them over the margin.
Fran Allison, the warm-voiced human component of the popular television show ''Kukla, Fran and Ollie,'' died of bone marrow failure at the Sherman Oaks (Calif.) Community Hospital yesterday.
Paul Fleckenstein, organist; Steven Gross, conductor.
He downplayed the fact that his play has lacked its usual dramatic flair and refused altogether to say whether he would have prefered facing either Agassi or Lendl.
Then I watch again and see what a guy acts like after he's hit real hard.''
Miss Norman, Mr. Levine and the orchestra gave as variously colored and emotionally extravagant a reading of the score as could be asked, but the staging sabotaged their efforts.
It is their dream house, Sax said, and the place he feels most at home.
If as is widely presumed Deng Xiaoping made the key decision to call in the army to crack down on the demonstrators in Beijing - protesters who have demanded his retirement - he becomes a paradoxical, possibly even tragic figure.
A collision as slow as 14 m.p.h., depending on the car model, will activate the system.
Ms. Averbach said that she could not explain the discrepancy but said that it might result from some cases being assigned to other localities.
Bob Tway beat him in the 1986 PGA Championship by blasting from a bunker into the final hole.
Depending on the scope and intensity of fires around the country, the center employs 200 to 700 workers, from computer programmers to warehouse laborers.
The cutbacks will leave Drexel concentrating on investment banking and its highly profitable junk bond business.
Asked if overstress could be caused by the door's opening in flight, Mr. Dickinson said, ''Possibly.''
It was the first time in about 30 years that this sector has shown a deficit.
Archbishop James Hickey of Washington has suspended Father Stallings for founding a splinter congregation.
Reports of the stunning ignorance being created by the American educational system make it hard to write for a mass audience.
''I'm proud of that and would like to put a theological undergirding beneath it because people sometimes have forgotten what motivates their concerns.''
Maybe Texans end up being so smart because at the start they don't mind admitting what they don't know.
''It's difficult these days,'' he said.
Tourist Season Crippled Direct contact with the eerie tides is not believed to be harmful to humans, but the tides have crippled the tourist season along Italy's Adriatic coast, where more than 6,000 hotels frame sweeping beaches and brazen discotheques.
A third youth, Danny McClean, 17, of 112-46 201st Street in Hollis, was taken in for questioning by police about 2 P.M. in front of his home.
So far, the lag in appointing officials to major jobs across the Administration, the hammerlock of a budget that must meet deficit reduction targets without a tax increase, and even what aides acknowledge to be the absence of conservative ideological fervor within the White House have contributed to the sense that the Bush Administration was stalled.
Mr. Parkin and Mr. Lackner are charged with conspiring to bribe Mr. Berlin.
Three times he tried to convert on fourth downs and three times he succeeded.
; Corpus Christi, Tex., 12 m.p.h.
Baltimore doesn't do that for the audience.
India's external debt is about $60.6 billion, the new Finance Minister says.
The result was that viewers got to see lots of Mr. Koch, but most often he was reacting testily to accusations that he had polarized the city and created an atmosphere that lent itself to such racist acts.
His was also the only room with its own bar and convertible couch.
The umbrella business has obviously been booming.
But it was possible that this number might substantially increase as other East Germans, now in Hungary as tourists, take advantage of the new opportunity.
Indeed, many of the players were Asians.
But if most people think life on the road is like life behind bars, there are many young professionals who are delighted to serve a sentence.
But because of widespread discounting and the postponement of software purchases by customers waiting to evaluate new computer hardware, forecasters do not expect software sales to exceed that amount for 1988.
When the Government has put the economy in order in a couple of years, the restructuring will resume and accelerate, he said.
It can be simple or rich.
She wore a typical navy Chanel suit buttoned in gold and piped in red and white.
That idea built this country and allowed India to grow in freedom.
''Not the end of it,'' Mr. Meese replied.
The lawyer for James Carton, the former technical director of Litton Computer Systems who filed the suit, said the overcharges to the Pentagon amount to more than $25 million.
The word gazpacho comes from an Arabic word for ''soaked bread,'' Ms. Wolfert wrote.
Dark-green, floral papered walls are punctuated with diverse artifacts: twig wreaths tied with lacy bows, pictures of turn-of-the-century sentimental subjects and wood carvings of cows.
rrIf you gather a large enough group for a luncheon outing to Aqueduct, the track will name one of the minor races on the card in your honor.
''It's a statement by the city of Toronto and the province of Ontario.''
Drew Minter, the countertenor, sang Micah appealingly, and Fredda Rakusin, a mezzo-soprano, made Dalila believeable enough for Samson's steadfast rejection of her to seem all the more remarkable.
And when the Aleuts went hunting in the Bering Sea, they dressed themselves in richly decorated hats that were thought to empower the hunter.
On the other hand, as a State Department official who was closely involved with the trip later explained: ''Mindful of the whole precedent of Reagan's trip to the Soviet Union, where he had met with dissidents in 1988, Bush wanted to include some of the people who had been speaking out in China.''
Mr. Murphy declined to predict how long the Najibullah Government would survive after the Soviet withdrawal, which American officials said would be completed before the Feb. 15 deadline.
The 280 registered nurses at Kingsbrook Jewish Medical Center in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn went on strike yesterday for higher wages and better working conditions.
''It may only be a 20-minute cab ride to Morningside Heights, but they won't travel it, so we believe there ought to be a full-service midtown presence.''
''But musicians aren't ideologues, and it didn't seem they would be undermining the security of our country.
Mr. Rubenstein is survived by his wife, the former Ruth Tarnofsky; a daughter, Francene Welchez of San Diego, and two grandsons.
Yet, clearly, something more programmatic is afoot here.
The suit may affect the Taiwan Government financially, the panel said, but ''it does not affront its sovereignty and can cause no more embarrassment than the exposures already made'' by the Taiwanese courts.
A decade ago, in a matter of weeks, Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini made himself into an icon recognized worldwide.
Although Mr. Artzer, 45 years old, has no automotive experience, he knows how to expand retail chains and to create service standards.
The 9 1/4 percent two-year notes were offered at 100 21/32, down 5/32, to yield 8.87 percent.
''That's what liberals and social activists have never understood and what they have never been able to do.
5 P.M. Saturday, ''The Great Vigil of Easter,'' plainsong; ''Te Deum'' by Herbert Howells and music by Tournemire.
It can also be a barrier for a candidate untutored in the Byzantine ways of the election law.
The commission, which was established by President Reagan and Congress, said that drug treatment for all those who request it is essential.
c-Net loss and included an extraordinary credit of $1,310,000 related to the reacquisition of debt.
would be hopeless for White.
Implicit is the author's belief that leaders, if not always rational, can be; if not always in control, can strive to be; if not always effective, should be.
Amanda McKerrow, although miscast, did well as the street dancer, and Deirdre Carberry's flower girl was more than noticeable for quicksilver phrasing and powerful entrechats.
It is usually coated with a clear lacquer immediately after polishing to protect it.
He also spoke to many groups about the disease.
The vaccines ''give people a false sense of security,'' said Robert M. Frankston, chief scientist at the Lotus Development Corporation in Cambridge, Mass.
The company learned through a secret consultants' report in 1924 that female workers were ingesting radium in the paint, which they swallowed as they licked their brushes.
''Single parents who feel very guilt-ridden because they can't attend all of their children's games may be perceived by those children as being very supportive and very involved,'' Dr. Scanlan said.
The only meows came from the Siamese ring.
Removing it would thus not violate a section of the law requiring that food and water be given even to terminally ill patients.
''Their fathers and grandfathers fought for this country, and now if this rail line is built, they'll have to leave so that French and German businessmen can lop 15 or 20 minutes off their schedules,'' he said.
The Cardinals moved to 10-2 with their 10th straight victory, while Virginia Tech fell to 6-6.
''My father's a printing salesman and he bought my mother an ice-cream store, although she gave that up.
Paul A. Bilzerian, chairman of the Singer Company, from which SSMC was spun off in 1986, will assist the Semi-Tech offer with $15 million in subordinated financing.
Pour the mixture over the pork and marinate for 10 minutes.
The judge scheduled a hearing for that day on Rose's motion for a preliminary injunction barring Giamatti from hearing baseball-betting charges against him.
Exemplary starters include a sparkling lobster terrine in excellent aspic, a masterfully balanced terrine of foie gras and sweetbreads (for $13 with a glass of Sauternes), and an exhilarating salad of perfectly cooked shrimp in a mildly sharp curry sauce.
For those without tickets, the 4 P.M. game will be carried by Channel 2 and WNEW Radio.
Early Monday morning off the coast of Cape Canaveral, U.S. Navy vessels reportedly rammed an unarmed ship owned by Greenpeace leaving a three-foot hole in the ship's side.
''The hotel industry is more competitive than it's been in a long time - possibly ever,'' said Thomas Lattin, a national partner in the hospitality division of Laventhol & Horwath, an accounting and consulting firm.
Groundwork may also be laid for measures on issues like reform of the deposit insurance system, restrictions on hostile takeovers and junk bonds, and repeal of the Glass-Steagall Act.
The seizure in Long Island City comes when drug smuggling, reduced to a trickle after the Colombian Government's crackdown in August, is increasing again.
The company said contributions to a new pension plan increased costs and effected earnings.
Stir in the shredded basil and set aside until serving time.
A Federal prosecutor, Mary Lee Warren, said Friday that the Government had fulfilled its obligation to bring Mr. Featherstone's cooperation to the judge's attention but made no recommendation about the sentence.
Today, the Chargers upset the Eagles, 20-17, in San Diego, dropping them to 6-3 and leaving them two games behind the Giants in their division race.
Alternatively, Time might declare a huge dividend to keep the loyalty of its stockholders.
Bob Grant, spokesman for the Hackensack Meadowlands Development Commission, said the application to build the $4.4 million project, including plans for offstreet parking for 69 cars, is under review by the commission's engineering staff, which will report on it in a month.
Sure, some of this is late-night, pie-in-the-sky blather.
The company lost $21.1 million in 1988.
Besides auto focusing, the camera features auto exposure, auto flash and even automatic bracketing.
A Fiddler Replay Topol, who starred in the film version of ''Fiddler on the Roof,'' will begin rehearsals June 5 for the stage revival of the 1965 Tony Award-winning musical.
It was an unwinnable war unless the United States had resorted to nuclear weapons or some other politically implausible alternative.
The set, the only identified work by this maker, is stamped on five of the seven pieces with its mark - a circle dominated by an eagle and stars, with ''Decasse & Chanou'' above and ''New York'' below.
But officials quickly added that Mexicana's management wants foreigners only in a minority role.
Although he said the association liked the line, it did not use the campaign and, indeed, dismissed the agency a year later.
Mr. Taylor proffers an allegorical challenge: an invitation to a society to pick up its own pieces.
A16 The long debate over John Tower as a nominee for Secretary of Defense has delayed Pentagon policy decisions, especially budget-cutting ones.
The students agree to observe the legal drinking age in Massachusetts, which is 21.
Russell Leib is grandly hammy as a tattered Duke and Walker Joyce is his gruff, scheming partner in pretend royalty as the King.
Mr. Taketa and Laurie Shayler are together in a push-pull duet that is both brutal and tender.
's decision last year to reconsider restrictions that prevent local telephone companies from offering cable television services.
JUNE FOUR A Chronicle of the Chinese Democratic Uprising.
The general could not be reached for comment.
The terrorist group November 17 is believed to be a small, hermetic, organization with no known links to political groups inside or outside Greece.
The videodisk, one of Sarnoff's most notable inventions of the 1970's, was a marketing disaster.
Having never been truly tried, she has never been found wanting, at least not by herself.
Senate and House negotiators are currently wrangling over what kinds of restrictions to impose on the $70 billion program, which has become another target for lawmakers seeking extra money for other programs.
But, after all that nonstop gesticulating, one might well feel that Ms. Bamonte had made it too obviously.
will buy 182.5 million Riuniti shares, which also carry a total value of $832 million.
Gangs known here by the borrowed word ''mafias'' control and fleece development programs ranging from bank loans for the poor to distribution of subsidized fertilizers.
Critics of Mr. Altman in this central Vermont community argue that he falls short of his own high standards.
There are almost no blacks in the most influential New York galleries.
Mets Revamped At a time when the Mets have been revamped through mass trades, switches of position and the forced departures of Gary Carter and Keith Hernandez, the co-captains, Teufel not only survived but also won a small raise and a two-year guarantee.
The program has also been delayed by design changes and technical problems.
Buffalo cut the wide receiver Trumaine Johnson, a one-time United States Football League star, and Gordie Lockbaum, the two-way player at Holy Cross who had been switched from running back to safety.
Their petals can be seen in many colors ranging from red, pink and white to bicolors, especially red and white or pink and white.
92) are used as a springboard.
Mr. Johnson also called this house home in the 1970's when he leased it from the owner.
A partial breakup of the company would be inevitable, according to this analysis.
A DOCUMENTARY composed of photographs, maps, diagramatic drawings and books, ''Yonkers Architecture'' at the Hudson River Museum, sounds like parochial ''filler.''
Student organizations representing stigmatized groups have endorsed the proposal.
The flier's dentist would insist that he carry a toothbrush.
The New York State rate of 5.4 percent was the the second highest this year.
For Terry Anderson, silence equals shame.
Captain Hogan asserted that whenever he stepped out for a meal Lieutenant Begley shrouded the religious icon in newspaper.
Modern urban anxiety is the theme of three; the fourth, a nice tonic at the end of the program, is about romantic shenanigans in the Cumberland Mountains long ago when life was simpler but by no means more innocent.
''They have time to adjust,'' said Miss Vogel.
It is going well, and we intend to expand it into other sites soon.
He became deputy science and health editor in September.
Until Monday, however, the Governor always stopped short of endorsing a deferral of next year's cut, insisting that he was simply mentioning it as a possibility.
The police, who were alerted to the shooting by a baby sitter, found the three victims tied and gagged at 9 A.M. in a basement apartment in a house at 720 East 35th Street, said Sgt.
Mr. Buckley also discredits the integrity of cadets, graduates and the academy by referring to the cheating scandal that occurred there in 1976 and saying that the scandal ''exposed the cherished cadet honor code as a sham.''
The processes explained and illustrated include ''true'' lacquer and resin lacquer.
The President was told of this, was properly impressed and turned to a member of his entourage with instructions to ''make sure this young man gets a job when he's out of school.''
''I know of eight Guatemalans in Dade County last month where the grower paid them for the first two weeks, then decided not to pay them for the third week,'' said Gregory Schell, a lawyer for Florida Rural Legal Services.
It is rare for a bishop to undertake such a sanction, but not unprecedented.
He added: ''Many indicators, including a weaker yen, the rise in the price of oil and very tight labor markets, are pointing to an uptick in Japan's inflation rate.
Many people here have come around to the view that the administration overplayed the seriousness of the budget issue last spring, and that Mr. Shapiro had simply not mastered the fine art of handling the Princeton community.
The documents, now circulating among newspapers here, appear to support The Hindu's contention that in 1987, after Swedish radio reported kickbacks paid to Indians by Bofors in the sale of field artillery, Indian officials close to the Prime Minister began a cover-up operation to obscure the trail of payments apparently made to European companies or banks.
''There's nothing like a tough primary to toughen you up.
To Sever Agreements Mr. Rodriguez was indicted yesterday on a felony charge of bribing a labor union official and misdemeanor counts of conspiracy and engaging in illegal financial transactions.
The book was then undertaken by Carroll & Graf, a smaller Manhattan company.
Two plays later, Allen scooted in from the 4 with 10 minutes 28 seconds remaining.
Other late dollar rates in New York, compared with late Wednesday, included: 1.9565 West German marks, up from 1.9525; 1.6870 Swiss francs, up from 1.6838; 6.5955 French francs, up from 6.5875; 1,402.50 Italian lire, up from 1,398.88, and 1.1748 Canadian dollars, down from 1.1769.
''A lot of guys give you so much flair, so much arm motion,'' he said.
Alan Hassenfeld, who had been president, will retain the title.
Houston fell to 6-5 and 13-9.
Mario M. Cuomo and Comptroller Edward V. Regan.
But Larionov scored two goals in the opening period, and Krutov added another one as the Soviets took a 3-1 first-period lead.
Despite the loss, Oklahoma (28-5) received the top seeding in the Southeast Region of the National Collegiate Athletic Association tournament.
Discovery is to orbit the earth 80 times at a height of 184 miles over the course of five days, then land at Edwards Air Force Base in California.
The crowds grew larger and I - proprietary about a neighborhood that went for the rest of the year unseen, unremarked and unremarkable - resented this incursion into our turf.
So it seems to be with a stock corner.
In Eastern Europe, to cite only Hungary, alumni include the minister of justice, the minister of culture, the president of the new Hungarian Socialist Party and the prime minister.
official raised the possibility that his organization might talk with Israeli officials.
I own three small pencil sharpeners - the kind you stick in your school bag, for instance - and a very large eraser.
But since ''substantially all'' has been interpreted in such cases to mean about 90 percent, Dow cannot push the good will down to Marion Merrell Dow because it will own only 67 percent.
The multipart issue includes insured and uninsured serial bonds, bonds offered at a deep discount and capital appreciation bonds, as well as $100 million in uninsured term bonds maturing on July 1, 2017.
Daiwa said that it had later agreed to absorb Sankyo Engineering's losses by selling nearly 400,000 shares in a subsidiary, Daiwa Building, to Sankyo at a fraction of their real value, thus shortchanging Daiwa's shareholders.
In the second study, a team of researchers from Stanford University reported an increased incidence of ovarian cancer among ovulating women who had unprotected intercourse for a total of 10 years or more yet did not become pregnant during that time.
''Classes are overcrowded,'' the report said.
French grape alcohol and American corn alcohol are met with grumbling acceptance.
''Sean Connery wasn't in 'Lawrence of Arabia,' '' Ms. Stein informs her.
Some faces are known to just about all the fans who gather for spring training workouts.
''Things have gone well for me,'' Yzerman said after the game.
Cover and simmer until rice is very tender, 20 to 25 minutes.
A Galloping Soviet Pluralism The common element in his remarks was the question of whether one-party rule can somehow be adapted to satisfy the multiple voices and needs now confronting the Soviet nation at an ever-more-demanding pace.
But it is also keen to tread softly lest anyone think that Americans want to impose their own mold on the legal changes begun under Mr. Gorbachev, the Soviet leader.
I have lived in a high-rise Manhattan apartment for eight years and have seen my rent legally go from $600 per month to more than $1,000 per month.
Except for fruits and vegetables, whose rise was small, all other major grocery-store food groups posted smaller increases last month than in February.
In the 1980's, dictatorships of every stripe were subjected to determined international scrutiny.
Judge Pounders has been worried that a juror may drop out of the deliberations before all of the charges are resolved, and since there are no alternates remaining, that would result in a mistrial on the unresolved matters.
Eleven of the 23 appointees submitted to Congress have been confirmed, according to the White House.
Install the new washers or gaskets, then reinsert the pivot rod and ball.
Hershiser, 3-1 with a 3.67 earned-run average during spring training, had not lost in the regular season since last Aug. 24 against the Mets.
The team reportedly has the league's highest payroll.
Eight of a team's 12 players can be protected, which leaves four players open to selection.
Established in 1962 as a private theater by students from the Free University of Berlin, it was taken over in 1970 by Mr. Stein - whose production of Verdi's ''Falstaff'' for the Welsh National Opera was seen recently at the Brooklyn Academy of Music - and his group of actors, directors and designers.
Fourth-seeded Wally Masur beat Mark Kratzmann, 6-7, 6-3, 6-4, and Darren Cahill defeated Johan Anderson, 6-3, 7-5.
Much of the controversy in the village - which has a McDonald's, several service stations and no traffic lights - has centered on Leonard Sheldon, who led the drive to have the community break away from Southampton.
On Tuesday night, the former Secretary General of the Oil Workers' Union, Salvador Barragan Camacho, was reportedly in hiding.
The zone of what is prohibited will thus widen, for any doubt whether a painting should be displayed, a play staged or a poem read is likely to be resolved in favor of suppression to avoid appearing to be lax about obscenity.
Washington has also ceded to Bonn the leading role in both coordinating and financing the Western alliance's aid program for Poland and Hungary.
Only there were a few problems.''
My inspiration came with my first course of mousseline de saumon au beurre de cerfeuil.
He retired in 1966 and for the next 11 years was military editor of the Kiplinger Newsletter.
''It's perceived as crass commercialism, manipulating people to buy what they don't want or need,'' she said.
The others are party officials.
He has had critical experience at all levels.
Running for Athletics West, he did not enter the 400 yesterday.
The Transit Authority, which adjudicates its own cases, issued 4,828 summonses for sanitation violations last year.
''Now the business community recognizes that good schools, parks and roads are just as important as an expanding economic base because the two go together.''
Mr. Nalitt has filed a suit over the revocation and says he has no intention of giving up.
''It was not possible to despair because the spirit of the people outside was too great.''
DataFolha gave Mr. Collor 46 percent and Mr. Da Silva 45 percent.
There is an $8 minimum and an $8 cover charge.
A preview performance at 8 P.M. Wednesday costs $11.
b-Net income The latest quarter's loss was due to a $57 million provision for loan losses and other real estate expense of $10.7 million.
In 1987, Congress approved only a modest rescue package for the F.S.L.I.C., permitting it to borrow only $3.75 billion a year over three years from the private markets.
And you play courses you may have only dreamed about.
With the Pistons trailing by 68-61 early in the third quarter, Thomas scored on a drive to start the 15-0 run.
Moreover, the joint venture's disappointing progress casts a long shadow over its future.
Last year Hungary became the first East Bloc country to ratify the protocol and give its citizens this right.
One such instance is cited by Brennan - a company on whose board he sits.
The psychiatric division owns 52 treatment centers with about 5,500 beds.
Attorneys for Bruce Kimball say they will ask a judge to reduce the Olympic diving medalist's 17-year sentence for drunken-driving manslaughter and transfer him to a center where he can be treated for chemical dependency.
It is designed to delight filmgoers of every conceivable stripe.
Shane Rawley scattered eight hits in seven and two-thirds innings, and Kirby Puckett ended an 0-for-15 slump with a run-scoring double tonight to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 4-2 victory over the Boston Red Sox.
But some analysts said that the giant order was not without risk.
NBC will broadcast the mini-series in the United States.
''We chat about things every day,'' Mr. Joseph said of Mr. Shad, who gave Mr. Joseph his first job on Wall Street.
For something larger, and pricier, there is the newly refurbished Green Park Hotel in Mayfair, at Half Moon Street, W1Y 8BP (629 7522), which has 160 rooms and two attractive plant-filled lounges.
He only had enough food for several nights.''
That's because a box of tickets disappeared as it was being delivered by truck to the Meadowlands stadium in East Rutherford, N.J., three weeks ago.
He telephoned me several times during his three-day stay there.
Walker led the National Football Conference with 1,514 rushing yards in 1988 and totaled 2,019 yards from scrimmage.
If the pot is not clearly marked, I would not accept the coffee.
The sources were reluctant to discuss the reasons for the highly unusual action, but one said that high-level baseball officials and owners felt that Rona was not the right person to lead the negotiations, which they hope will result in improved labor relations with the players.
Her mother, Barbara Attalienti, is an interior designer.
''Forget it; it's probably made out of linoleum,'' Mr. Hankins said.
It is a city mooted to have the highest concentration of millionaires in Germany and a north German tradition of displaying wealth with taste and discretion.
He said he would not return to Lloyd's.
The President, apparently reacting to Democratic leaders who have accused him of offering only niggardly aid to Eastern Europe, commented bitterly that he was tired of ''taking hits'' from ''people who found Poland on the globe about three weeks ago.''
The deal was completed in late 1986, a time when aluminum prices were 52 cents a pound.
Kubota will also establish a 50-50 joint venture with Rasna to market its software products in Japan.
But they are trying to establish these and to include what each partner brings to the union.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Pentech International (OTC) Qtr to Dec 31 1988 1987 Revenue 3,053,032 2,335,369 Net inc 321,084 208,165 Share earns .03 .02 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The reviews, in turn, may have been an overreaction to unfamiliar angular gestures, which have a softer quality in famous photographs of the time by Baron Adolf de Meyer.
But it was Signac who created the most emblematic image of the man - seen in striking profile, in a swirl of pointillist color, hat, gloves and cane in one hand while with the other, he holds out a flower to an unseen recipient.
The Comments That Offended In an interview yesterday, Ms. Golden said Mr. O'Kane asked her last fall how she would respond if she were called a ''black bitch'' or a ''nigger'' by a legal adversary.
I want to be led through the process.''
He also had 35 points in 76 playoff games.
Asked about Mr. Ferguson's allegation that the case against him was concocted, the spokesman, Richard Piperno, said, ''The only comment we are going to make is in the papers we're going to present in court.''
This recalls the sectarian discord in Mea Shearim, the neighborhood in the New City settled by ultra-Orthodox Jewish fundamentalists who do not recognize the State of Israel and refuse to serve in its army or pay taxes.
Then bounce from one air-conditioned museum to another.
Indeed, most people seem determinedly apolitical.
A suburban neighbor turns out to be a madwoman, intent on flooding herself out of her house by turning on every available faucet.
The Defense Department says Japan has a significant lead in developing 6 of 22 technologies that the Pentagon considers crucial to national security and ''the long-term qualitative superiority'' of American weapons systems.
Her father was a builder and an owner of service stations and automobile dealerships in the New York region.
The official New China News Agency said the dissident, Yang Wei, a 33-year-old biologist, was detained in Shanghai for conducting ''demagogical propaganda for counterrevolutionary ends.''
Dr. Warrick, who is 65 years old, said he would be 78 when Cassini reaches Saturn in the year 2002, but his proposal is in the works, nonetheless.
He was chairman of the Philadelphia Museum of Art at his death on Sunday, not former chairman.
It occupies an often contradictory place in today's fragmented and unfocused jazz world.
One newcomer to the game is Leighton Strader, a 40-year-old investment banker who plays croquet several times a week at the Ridge Acres Mallet Club in Darien.
Aside from the annual Argilla Road clambake, the only ritual residents universally observe is a nightly check of their skin for ticks.
Viewlink, from Traveling Software, brings everything together.
And he's turned out to be surprisingly playful, with a real understanding of the elegant Cary Grant style of humor.''
If a party were permitted to challenge a jury's verdict merely because the jury was influenced by any of these factors they would defeat the purpose of the jury system.''
The Athletics give the feeling that they have been lurking just off the pace and will win going away.
To speed the change, the system of student farm managers was disbanded.
In a diverse display of how more can be significantly less, four lead singers are herein deployed, instead of the customary three, with none evincing the flair to turn Mr. Herman's showy, sunny or torchy material into a personal statement.
Also on the Commodity Exchange in New York, silver for current delivery closed at $5.816 an ounce, up from $5.801 on late Tuesday.
Important Life Experience Lesson No.
Clouds are poorly simulated in all the models, most climatologists agree.
Today, though, the mood of the city seemed far from exultant.
But it becomes less and less likely, he said, as time passes.
Gen. Amnon Shahak, advised that in the army's estimation, it would be difficult if not impossible to hold meaningful negotiations with the Palestinians if members of the P.L.O.
Because of his inexperience with opera, Copeland developed an unusual and critically influential relationship with Bamberger.
Today Motown is giving Mr. Busby an opportunity he never dreamed of.
We must, he says, accept the reality of disease and the immanence of death in every human body; medicine cannot ultimately master nature.
It was discovered by French and American researchers in 1983 and 1984.
''This peaceful revolution is unbelievable for all of us who have taken part, seen and heard it.''
The children's ski school is still expanding.
The figure for each of the four states was an increase over the year before except in California, where a total of the vandalism category was down.
Mr. Trowbridge at Peppermill, meanwhile, said he had not hired a black real estate agent, but ''right now we're not hiring.''
And what, indeed, is this great power of the past for which audiences yearn and on which professionals thrive - scholars and practitioners of period performance?
Otherwise, the hairdresser, unable to place me, would do a second-rate assembly-line haircut.
''We're in trouble against them.
What happens to Aguilera now?
'' Peter Shaffer: ''Didn't Noel Coward call him the best light comedian in the English theater?
He campaigned for civil rights in the 1960's, for peace and disarmament in the 70's and 80's.
The Tower nomination was not the only source of embarrassment for Mr. Bush.
Analysts said the news had raised the possibility of an attempted takeover but that without further information investors took profits.
''I see him at the stage door in Salzburg about 18 months ago,'' Mr.
Sharbaugh said he was happy with the way the Packers had used Mandarich so far.
She is an associate at McKinsey & Company, management consultants in New York.
Three of the titles, $19.95 each, are re-releases: ''Jason and the Argonauts'' (1963), ''Mysterious Island'' (1961) and ''The Golden Voyage of Sinbad''(1973).
The 1976 precedent, Runyon v. McCrary, applied a Reconstruction-era civil rights law to bar discrimination in private employment.
He could invite Russian defectors, always good box office, but he didn't have the money.
The publication was created by Andy Warhol in 1969 and has a circulation of 154,000 now.
As is, the 3-liter powerplant will delight most customers, if not most mechanics.
Her father is an orthodontist.
A third item - hot double apple crumb cake with vanilla ice cream - was sugary, but more successful.
Even though the Bush Administration ultimately pushed the $8 billion Japanese-American ''co-development'' deal for the FSX through Congress, the dispute appears to have stepped up a drive within the Japanese military to minimize technological dependence on the United States.
At the same time, bootlegging of illegal liquor boomed, swelling the demand for sugar.
Securities dealers yesterday placed bids on $10 billion worth of new three-year Treasury notes as prices of most notes and bonds ended the day lower in fairly light trading.
* International Aero Engines A.G., said it had orders for jet engines worth up to $750 million, if all options are exercised, from Irish aircraft leasing company GPA Group Ltd. * Penn Central Corp., Greenwich, Conn., a supplier to the energy, electronics and telecommunications industries, said its board had authorized the repurchase of up to six million additional shares.
Der Insulaner verliert die Ruhe nicht Der Insulaner liebt keen Jetue nicht.
The museum is closed Monday August through May..
Peter L. Wallison, an attorney at Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher in Washington and a former general counsel of the Treasury, said the provisions that bother him most are those permitting the F.D.I.C.
In a move to speed up and modernize the heart of its product line, Cray Research Inc. will announce today new versions of its most powerful supercomputer.
''Ive taught myself a trick which is to do all my thinking when I am not working,'' he tells Robert Cantwell, an editor at Newsweek.
Every day, Nicaraguans who have lost faith in the country's future leave the country.
This will be the Soviet leader's first journey to Western Europe since the whirlwind of change started sweeping across the Communist bloc, and it gives him a chance to offer Moscow's view of recent events and to hear directly what the West thinks.
His sendups of trendy poseurs and criminal nouveaux riches are biting and dead on.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Werner Enterprises Inc (OTC) Qtr to Feb 28 1989 1988 Revenue 51,296,000 37,773,000 Net inc 3,178,000 2,289,000 Share earns .28 .20 Yr rev 191,438,000 139,089,000 Net inc 16,071,000 12,074,000 Share earns 1.38 1.04 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
There is also to be a lecture on March 28 about antique varieties of plants.
Soccer Over Baseball Gansler and Joe Machnik, the goalkeeping coach, have been aware of Meola's goalkeeping talents, but the 20-year-old native of Kearny, N.J., has paid as much attention to baseball as he has to soccer at the University of Virginia the last two years.
Bush Administration officials said today that the latest offensive by Salvadoran guerrillas showed the rebels' ability to sow chaos in selected neighborhoods but was unlikely to overpower the Government of President Alfredo Cristiani.
But assemblers acknowledge that the system has been strained by late parts deliveries, a faster production cycle, excessive overtime, major new models of the 747 and 737 lines and large numbers of new workers.
The District Attorney, Robert M. Morgenthau, said the special treatment may have kept Harold Wohl, the 63-year-old brother of the Federal judge, Shirley Wohl Kram, from spending at least 24 hours in jail awaiting arraignment.
There was a pot of cinnamon-smelling, mulled wine simmering on the stove to sustain Santa Claus's elves.
Master in His Own House At home, though, bolstered by a huge and notoriously effective security apparatus, Mr. Ceausescu still appears to be unchallenged, with dissidents numbering only a score of intellectuals and disillusioned party officials whose occasional protests are better known abroad than here.
Deregulation in 1979 led many investors to shun the industry because the resulting uncertainty and change made it appear too risky.
The logic of that is hard to follow.
How long does it take for everyone to forgive someone who made a mistake?''
At Playwrights Horizons, 416 West 42d Street.
Today, projects take place in flatter organizations - so configured for reasons of cost reduction and adaptability in meeting customer needs.
She would do his shopping.
In laying down the gauntlet to the Senate today, Mr. Coelho said the House would send its legislation to the Senate.
He still chases bad pitches, and he has struck out 22 times in 75 times at bat already.
The two then displayed at least a rhetorical knack for the new, more open and bare-knuckled arena of Soviet popular politics occasioned by the innovation of competitive national elections, and the public expectantly senses they have a ringside seat.
The Atlantic Prince, called a ''factory ship'' by some because her crew nets, processes, freezes and packs fish at sea to make them market ready before returning to the dock, began fishing the continental shelf in 1986.
A continuing war against Communist guerrillas requires keeping a large army; a large army casts a longer shadow on civilian authorities.
The June meeting that resulted in a truce was held at Mr. Mobutu's country estate in Gbadolite, Zaire.
the deregulated, dynamic market we've been longing for, or is it a risk that it's just a big bureaucratic organization?''
Last year, he planted mostly marigolds, but this spring, he selected a variety of plants with brilliant red, yellow and pink blooms.
Baghdad, Syria's main Arab enemy, is known to have supplied millions of dollars worth of military hardware to General Aoun's forces.
Analysts said that investors knew that the child-care company was financially linked to the slower-growing financial-services and retail businesses and that that depressed the stock price of each.
William E. LaMothe, Kellogg's chief executive, said the company would provide health messages but would not make health claims.
Barrington's Old World, woody look retains the charm of a former Swiss restaurant on this site.
The police said each assault was reported soon after it occurred, but not until a few days ago did they see similarities in descriptions victims gave them.
I missed the entry ramp to the interstate because the sign was gone and the landscape looked different.
I wanted to tell her that it was my weekend to moan, but I didn't.
But he also said that no charges had been handed down while he was in office because ''the subject was very complex and difficult'' and ''there was not enough time to finish'' the investigation.
That forced Boston to send Bird and several other starters back into the game.
Coincidentally, National Condom Week, the nationwide effort to educate young people about avoiding sexually transmitted diseases and unwanted pregnancies, begins on Valentine's Day, Tuesday.
It reflects the premise of its founder, a lawyer and a former West Virginia state legislator who contends that Washington does not work very well.
City officials treat them as regular foster children, contracting their placement to private agencies.
''If his hand ain't hot,'' the manager said of Dykstra, ''then I don't know a hot hand.''
The courier has since been switched, at his own request, to a less rugged, probably salamanderless route.
Our course in the future will be to support art, artists and freedom of artistic expression.''
Book and lyrics are by Tom Jones, with music by Harvey Schmidt and choreography by Marge Champion.
I, too, like old Yeats will find all my pleasures in Byzantium.''
Yet by doing this the contractor can do a better job of ''wrapping'' the house with a special insulating barrier before the vinyl siding is put up.
After a shaky performance last year, the Metro-North Commuter Railroad has seen ridership increase sharply in recent months, largely because more people are traveling between suburbs rather than commuting into Grand Central Terminal, railway officials said yesterday.
And fifth, we've concluded a draft agreement to authorize the Overseas Private Investment Corporation -OPIC, we call it - to operate in Hungary.
''The Poles and the Hungarians have gone further in this than the others.
He was reared in Harlem and sent by bus to Hunter College Elementary School and two private college preparatory schools on the Upper West Side, Walden and Rhodes.
In advance reports on the issue that will appear on Wednesday, Stern identified the witness as a manager of Imhausen-Chemie, the West German company whose links to the Libyan plant are under investigation.
But they agree that their explanations fall short.
That was back in the early 1980's when the course opened and Tom Weiskopf said it was like ''playing Donkey Kong out there.''
''There's a car I'd really like,'' he said, as a red 1969 Chevrolet Camaro whizzed by on the street outside.
The trust would hold the life insurance policy in its name and receive the proceeds.
Warren Wood, 30, who once worked as a runner on the floor and dreamed of being a trader, allows as how the night shift is more his cup of tea.
suspected by some Republicans, who asked him to disqualify himself from the investigation, of being too close to Wright.
Besides the airline, AMR owns Sabre, a computer reservation system.
It works beautifully if you make it to the world championship because the prizes for title matches run into the millions of dollars.
All's Fair on the Street Street festival lovers will also have something to cheer about this weekend, as outdoor fairs are scheduled in Greenwich Village, midtown and the Upper West Side.
We will have to consolidate rather than expand.''
Bank and credit union loans not secured by real estate rose by $785 million, a 4.8 percent annual rate of growth.
Even so, the Bears will win plenty of games.
Coping With Homelessness Both candidates agreed that homelessness was not only a social welfare issue, but one that also affected the quality of life for all New Yorkers.
The reason was higher demand for oil products and lower domestic production.
''We moved back with the idea that we were here to stay,'' he said.
Autism, which begins in early childhood, is typified by symptoms like withdrawal from contact with others, and bizarre mannerisms.
He was born in Manhattan and graduated from New York University.
The Lions are the only team in the league using the run-and-shoot.
The ball may squirt through or take a bad hop for the fielder.
We may have it - we may have something on that, yes or, you know, yea or nay before the close of business today, but I just don't know yet.
Mr. Ahdal suggested that the British author be allowed to appear before an Islamic tribunal.
It is brisk and efficient, but it is mostly the author's powerful, dark vision of suburbia that saves ''The Waterline'' (I first typed ''The Wasteland'' by mistake - but not entirely, perhaps) from being soap opera.
Katmandu's purchase of weapons from China a year ago was a major factor in New Delhi's decision to allow a series of economic agreements to lapse in March.
''I love Dusty [ Dustin Hoffman ] like he was my own son, but he needs a real producer.
Now she travels from Manhattan to work on her sculpture twice a week.
He graduated from the Taft School and Colgate University.
In particular, the organization urges the passage of legislation allocating the equivalent of 1 percent of the United States defense budget for projects that foster peace.
Today, with the injured Phil Simms watching from the sideline, Jeff Hostetler started at quarterback for the second time in his six-year professional career.
When the action turned symbolical, the dance grew vague and its ending - a meeting of all the characters - looked contrived.
The Cowboys, Mr. Jones made clear, were now his team.
President Bush has already reached bipartisan agreement with Congressional Democrats on a budget and on Nicaragua.
Her letters are far more eloquent.
A new ban would be primarily directed at other aircraft - mostly corporate jets - that come in from other parts of the country and abroad.
You don't want to see an elephant stampeding around.''
For that, you need an enormous amount of patience.''
'' Need for More Opennes Erich Hahn, a member of the party's Central Committee and director of its Institute for Marxist-Leninist Philosophy, acknowledged the gap between the slogan, ''To learn from the Soviet Union is to learn to triumph,'' and today's practice.
''I took over the job as corporate vice president and director of quality on Jan. 1 of this year,'' he said last week, explaining that until then he had headed quality control for Motorola's communications sector, which accounts for 35 percent of the company's sales.
It was by far the largest guarantee in the history of the racketeering statute.
And Robert McDuffie, an ardent young violinist from Georgia with technique to burn, may just be the soloist they have been waiting for.
Most major health organizations recommend that Americans consume no more than 30 percent of their day's calories from fat.
The political committee has helped finance the races of Mrs. Lowey and other female candidates.
And what put the nail in the coffin was the remarkable success of singers like Frank Sinatra, who weren't going to sing be-bop; they were going to sing the good old ballads.
My father used to tell me, 'You make the cake; I'll give you the icing.'
A.Since the vapor barrier is below the insulation instead of on top (up against the bottom of the floor) you should remove the insulation and reinstall it correctly - with the foil vapor barrier on top.
In his lab, says James Burchall, there was something called a ''Sunday experiment'' - one so adventurous you wouldn't necessarily want your colleagues to see it.
''Although we had a fairly well advertised drought last year, farm appraisals and farm rents seemed curiously unaffected,'' Mr. LeBaron said.
She is an associate at the Boston law firm of Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky & Popeo.
It's hard for the institution when the kid is actively conspiring against his parents.''
''You know,'' he said with a nostalgic smile, ''I think I was in that one.''
* USLife Corp., an insurance and investment broker, said its board had authorized the purchase of up to 1 million of its shares and had extended its stock repurchase program until October 1990.
chief William Webster backfires; (b) Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter after scandals rock his Commodity Credit Corporation; (c) cuff-shooting Joseph Verner Reed after some protocol gaffe; (d) James Baker, after repeatedly slamming into the everlasting Gates.
He sent scurrilous reports to newspapers and senators.
Do not let snow accumulate in basement window wells.
The Arafat murder threat against the Mayor of Bethlehem shows that the P.L.O.
In the meantime, Mr. Kelly will work to clear the priests.
Other workers sought help for medical, financial, legal and other day-to-day problems.
That means a lot to me.''
On Saturday, Auburn solidified its No.
In more than two hours of testimony, Mr. North offered a self-portrait in sharp contrast to the prosecution's depiction of a self-aggrandizing zealot who singlehandedly ran the Reagan Administration's secret program to supply the contras and who lied to Congress about his actions.
Digital Equipment Down 2 1/4 Digital Equipment dropped 2 1/4, to 88 3/4.
Above all, Ms. Allen writes, she ''recognized the power of the domestic environment either to inflict punishment or to liberate energies, to separate people or to bring them together.''
The judge, Justice Charles J. Thomas of State Supreme Court in Queens, set a May 10 hearing on that motion.
Robinson scored 11 of his 26 points in the last eight minutes today as Michigan held off a late Seton Hall surge to beat the Pirates, 91-86, in the rematch of last season's national title game.
A 1984 review of meetings on AIDS by city officials showed housing was the most discussed issue, but little was accomplished.
Dealers have reported spot shortages of fuel oil in the heavily populated Northeast, where temperatures have been below normal since late November.
But the Health Care Financing Administration, the Federal agency that operates Medicaid and the Medicare program for the elderly, recently ruled that a two-year-old law effectively prevented Medicaid from contributing to the trust fund.
Israeli Air Force jets staged mock raids today over areas in the Shuf Mountains southeast of here and in southern Lebanon where Palestine Liberation Organization guerrillas are known to have bases.
The president first met the vice president when they were law students at Moscow State University 35 years ago.
ONCE I lived in a world inhabited by people who always knew who had made ''the best little black dress in Paris.''
Closer economic ties between the Germanys would not necessarily be good news, either, for some regions of Western Europe.
Hinzo beat Washington's throw, which was slightly up the third-base line.
''Let's just say right now that we're not very happy about it.''
Coates D. Redmon of Washington has made known the engagement of her daughter, Skipwith Carter Winslow Redmon, to Alexander Campbell Banker, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Douglas H. Banker of Garrison, N.Y.
As a result, the immune system produces millions of cell clones, each capable of producing a unique variety of antibody.
Thin Corporate Trading In other developments, prices of secondary investment-grade corporate bonds were little changed in extremely thin trading yesterday, dealers said.
''But what was startling was that S.S.I.
Mr. Inkster told the Commons' justice committee that turbans would be a valuable symbol of the new policy.
Washington hit 11 home runs for the Yankees, batted .308 and knocked in 64 runs, although some baseball people suggest that he enjoyed a ''career year'' that coincided with the ''walk year'' that closed his two-year contract.
That is what the Diet Workshop branch in Dayton, Ohio, which is considered the fattest state, has discovered.
At the Met and the City Opera, most performances have added up to less than the sum of their parts.
Except for Mary Gordon, of course.
''But like the Cantonese themselves, the joint ventures have a real stake in the economy,'' he added.
''We were having a rather quiet day'' until word came of Mr. Lawson's resignation, Mr. McCarthy said, noting that a report on United States economic growth elicited little response from traders.
I reached for the jar that I have kept on my front seat - always hoping that such a situation would present itself -and extended it to her.
He gained the presidency of the Confederation of Shipbuilding and Engineering Unions in 1964.
And in America's own self-interest, there are many areas where it makes sense to move now and free resources for other problems.
Former New York State Assembly Speaker Stanley Steingut, the Brooklyn Democrat who was a longtime power in state politics, died early yesterday at the Tisch-University Hospital.
This is what we have to be able to handle, these 2-1 games.''
(The statue was rejected by the Sun King).
He said enrollment limits should be set to prevent certain predominantly white colleges from becoming havens for white students denied admission to the more selective schools.
They demonstrated against the book in several cities late last year, but they say British news organizations began paying attention to their objections only after the book was publicly burned.
''Obviously there are no sexual thoughts; everything is hunger and survival.
Open in Endicott, N.Y., for his second PGA Tour victory.
Another panel concluded there was no medical or public health reason to screen athletes for infection with the AIDS virus before allowing them to take part in competition.
This same kind of thing I've lived with that for more than a quarter of a century in Hollywood,'' the President said.
''The things that are going through my mind right now center on all the problems we've had to overcome to get here,'' McCartney said.
The Ford Motor Company raised the prices of three car lines and some options because of higher costs for material and labor.
If the ruling is sustained by the state's Supreme Court, Time and Warner will be free to merge, forming one of the largest entertainment conglomerates in the world, with holdings in publishing, film, records and broadcast and cable television.
The problem is that these gradual effects are likely to be punctuated by more powerful hurricanes, more frequent severe droughts, pest out-breaks, forest diebacks, millions of environmental refugees fleeing their floded homelands and other impacts we cnnot now imagine.
In the Bronx, we have Mr. Dithers fuming and fussing and hectoring his hand-picked managers, and in Queens, we have had a Dagwood Bumstead trade by the Mets.
Yet, throughout the day, scores of runners across the city appeared undeterred by the knifing winds and plunging temperatures.
Battle maneuvers usually follow the pattern of a specific encounter, although re-enactors sometimes perform generic battles.
Since moving to point guard on March 11, he has had 11 triple-doubles in 19 games and is averaging a triple-double: 30.2 points, 12 assists and 11.2 rebounds.
The 30-day compounded average yield rose 9 basis points, to 8.65 percent.
John Weingart, chief of the Department of Environmental Protection's Division of Coastal Resources, argues, as do other conservationists, that the shore area is special because the beach below the mean high water mark, and the water beyond, are public, even if the dunes are not.
But suddenly, quoting Administration officials, you say that the extension of territorial waters is caused by a desire to prevent operations by Soviet ''spying'' trawlers off the American coast.
Miss McBride started to have roles made for her in the 1960's, and Balanchine soon began to cast her and Mr. Villella as partners.
As he and Adjudicating, both sons of Danzig, dueled for the length of the stretch, Adjudicating at first appeared to be coming over and pinning Slavic against the rail.
As a result, ''our needs will be much, much better understood,'' said Frank Bowe, a professor of education at Hofstra University and a former executive director of the American Coalition of Citizens with Disabilities.
To professional bakers, this is no revelation.
Physicians are daily asked to mail records to third-party payers.
Manufacturing Plant Output Production at manufacturing plants making both durable and non-durable goods rose two-tenths of a percent after remaining flat in May and June.
Amazingly, it has been hit only once and that dent is minor.
As you ride through nearly deserted streets of what used to be prosperous Arab towns, you are struck by graffiti on the walls, filling every inch of space.
They had reason to lament the change in the format.
The case is clearly a baseball matter, McMullen said, and ''I see no reason why the courts should interfere.''
We're trying to hit 10-run home runs when we need one run.
At the time, Kevin Wood, 36, was at the Eastern Maine Medical Center in Bangor, the new man on the pediatric psychology staff.
The same shapes are repeated in metallic gauze for evening.
He also wrote the section on porcelains for the catalogue of the Kress Collection, published in 1964, and was the author of the fourth volume, dealing with porcelains, of the Wrightsman Collection catalogue, published in 1966.
During the sharp selloff -from 3 P.M. on Friday, Oct. 13, to 10:30 A.M. on Monday, Oct. 16 - the Rockefeller Foundation actually increased its stock position by more than $65 million.
Mr. Florio demurred, saying such a position was irresponsible.
''There is still some resistance,'' Mrs. Greenberg said, ''but the more we've done it, the more support it's gotten.''
Mr. Aronson said the Salvadoran Government had tried to play down civilian casualties even when Government aircraft were attacking guerrilla positions in densely populated neighborhoods.
$140,500 97 Little Plains Road 4-bedroom, 2-bath, 23-year-old Cape Cod; new kitchen, basement, deck; taxes $2,300.
And several rare operas will surface, along with plenty of standard repertory in both new recordings and reissues featuring superstars like Renata Tebaldi and Joan Sutherland.
But even with the decline of last week, First Philippine's share price is about 27 percent higher than the fund's net asset value, Mr. Herzfeld estimated.
Its options include plastic pink hubcaps.
Moreover, the American Indian nations played a significant role in the political history of that era.
Phoenix got its last lead at 100-99 on Eddie Johnson's scoop shot from the key.
Instead, though they claim to have affirmed America's ''prevailing sense of justice,'' these same justices refused to apply it.
''I've been drifting a little on my drops and have been doing wrong a few other little things.''
As part of the settlement, Drexel dismissed Michael R. Milken, the head of its ''junk'' bond department, who has been indicted on charges of racketeering, conspiracy and fraud.
Indeed, the best playing of the night was his, in Dvorak's Four Romantic Pieces for violin and piano (Op.
''No one wants to have capitalism, but I think you can't have a market economy without capitalism,'' he added.
''With corporate profits dwindling and the Federal Reserve Board unwilling to bring interest rates lower, stock prices, especially in this week of light volume, might come under light pressure,'' said Kenneth S. Hackel, president of Systematic Financial Management, an investment advisory firm in Fort Lee, N.J. ''Takeover activity has also slowed, shaving some of the premium off the equity market.''
Chicago and the state of Illinois started work on a tunnel from opposite ends.
Gigantic Stresses Such advances in design were unknown in the 1950's, when the Nimitz Freeway was built.
In Hollywood, it seems, the last person you'd want to hire to write a science-fiction movie would be a science-fiction writer.
Flights of angels carried Mary's humble dwelling first to a hill near Fiume, now Rijeka, in Yugoslavia, then, in 1294, across the Adriatic to a laurel forest near Recanati and eventually to the 410-foot-high hill that is the site of the present shrine.
the gunmen shouted, waving their weapons at the first one in line.
Dancing Spree, in scoring his first career stakes victory beyond seven furlongs, ran the mile and a quarter on a slightly dull track in 2:02.54 under Angel Cordero Jr.
In no way do these address the nature, character and life of the man.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* National City Corp. (NYSE) Qtr to June 30 1989 1988 Net inc 65,800,000 53,800,000 Share earns 1.09 .89 6mo net inc 128,300,000 107,500,000 Share earns 2.12 1.77 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The rain site both evenings is White Plains High School (682-4336).
While this position has merit, we must not lose sight of the fact that it is the responsibility of professional sports figures to consider the impact of their actions upon those who look up to them and wish to emulate them.
''They were all so different,'' he says, ''but they had one thing in common'' - an accent on the visual.
Mr. de la Renta believes in near-ankle-length coats over his short daytime skirts.
The women's apparel company they started in 1976 had sales last year of more than $1 billion .
Dwight Smith hit a base-loaded single in the 10th inning today to cap the Chicago Cubs' rally from a 9-0 deficit to a 10-9 victory over the Houston Astros.
''There's no risk from laryngitis if you tell them to 'wait and your voice will come back.'
And economic considerations intrude upon numerous other issues, for instance American relations with Latin America and the Soviet Union.
It was founded by Andreas Baader and Ulrike Meinhof and called the Baader-Meinhof Gang.
Steinbrenner's financial generosity and lively competitiveness brought our community the Golden Years of 1976-81.
A star was born within its ranks in Zhanna Ayupova, a 23-year-old radiant Aurora in ''The Sleeping Beauty'' and a dramatically complex Giselle.
The measure was sent to Gov.
Houses have already been reported burned in Assamese villages over the last few weeks.
''We see at the beginning and the end of the decade a major miscalculation by a labor union in this industry,'' he said.
Though the changes being demanded do not directly affect the sections of the pact crafted to meet Quebec's demands, Mr. Bourassa and Mr. Mulroney have said that reopening the accord would make the required ratification by all 10 provinces virtually impossible before it lapses in June.
At the same time, the State Division of Substance Abuse Services parked a van on Vanderbilt Avenue, where they sought to convince people to enter drug treatment.
Brit McAdams's 32-yard field goal cut the margin to 14-6 in the third period, but Segreti then rushed for 44 yards on the ensuing Crusader possession, finishing the drive with a 14-yard scoring run.
But team officials determined that he risked further and possibly serious injury to the knee if he played and happened to hurt it again.
The drug problem today is 10 times worse than it was in the early 1970's.
What we need is an Ivanhoe to arouse the town subjects to storm the castle on Election Day, dethrone the monarch, throw the political teabags in the ocean and elect a new town government responsible to the people, and which will reduce taxes and support district elections for Town Board members.
Figure Revised Downward The prosecutor noted that last week, when Mrs. Helmsley's lawyers asked to be allowed to introduce new evidence that they said would show a tax overpayment, the overpayment was said to total $681,000.
The protagonist of ''The Big Parade'' journeys to Washington to visit the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, where he poses unanswerable questions to himself about who is to blame for the death of his father in combat.
The colorful selection included deliciously marbled slices of beef, Chinese cabbage, mushrooms, spinach tofu, scallions, carrots and rice pasta.
Wu Qiaohong, hunched over a stack of notes and books that cluttered a library desk, was taking a rest from protesting so she could finish her senior thesis.
In a statement today about the suspension of the Retirement Service Center program, Mr. Kemp's office said H.U.D.
White House Backs Bill A White House spokesman, Stephen Hart, said: ''The Administration had hoped to see Arctic refuge legislation passed this year.
C. S. Lewis, in his formidable ''Screwtape Letters,'' quotes the Devil orienting his nephew, a little devil, on how temptation works.
The plain words contain no requirement that compilation be effected at a specific time.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Filenet Corp. (OTC) Qtr to June 30 1989 1988 Revenue 20,382,000 16,581,000 Net inc 1,570,000 1,583,000 Share earns .15 .16 6mo rev 37,929,000 32,120,000 Net inc 2,013,000 2,992,000 Share earns .20 .29 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Many of these directors saw it as their mission to emphasize one of Wagner's multiple meanings: to drive home, subtly or crudely, the idea that the ''Ring'' was a cosmic allegory or a Socialist metaphor or an anti-war drama or, it sometimes seemed, just downright strange - a shock of the new designed to jolt the operatic audience from its lethargy.
Some consumer specialists warn, however, that simply installing a commission structure - without providing the right merchandise and instilling a willingness to be helpful among employees - is not enough to make shopping a more pleasant experience for the public.
'' What these warm-up specialists do say must, in the long run, serve the show they're working for, rather than their own desire for audience approval.
With a lot of spunk and the assistance of a slack current, the modest two-pound rainbow fought well before it glistened in the grass.
Peter Gelb, his manager, said Mr. Horowitz had been in good health recently.
Airbus Industrie is a consortium of four companies: Societe Nationale Industrielle Aerospatiale of France, Messerschmitt-Bolkow-Blohm of West Germany, British Aerospace P.L.C.
Each room has a minikitchen.
A Main Witness Mr. Larsen said the woman had missed not only the first scheduled rape trial, on Dec. 12, but also her arraignment on an unrelated drug charge.
Mr. Stern, who began painting in water colors as a child, studied at the Art Students League, Columbia University and the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts.
Writing in the party daily Neues Deutschland, the leading economist Jurgen Kuczynski said that while economic arguments against a price policy that has kept the consumer cost for many essentials to the pre-1950 level and rents at 3 percent of income were ''logical and economically completely correct,'' they are nonetheless ''fundamentally wrong.''
In the Race to Stay Some of the most significant series of the first half of the season were played last week.
But for Smith, the top-ranked female marathon swimmer in the world, the reason is simple, as simple as it was for another sports pioneer.
1 and the Rachmaninoff Second Symphony.
Instead, lay a strip of cellophane tape over the label, then jerk it up quickly.
The liquid proteins marketed today appear to be safer than those sold in the 1970's.
Belief is not suspended when he declares that ''helping other people is the only joy in this world.''
The score is rich with Gershwin, the camera infatuated with Manhattan, the dialogue obsessed with love, sex and death.
Doctors at many centers are using growth factors to mobilize this effect in patients whose own blood forming capacity is seriously disturbed.
Departure from Genoa is Jan. 5, with the return there April 10.
SET DESIGNS ON DISPLAY The Aetna Institute Gallery exhibition of 12 set and costume designs for the Hartford Ballet Company includes the winning set design in a competition for one of next season's premieres.
''It is very therapeutic to check things off on a list,'' he said.
'Tremendous Support' Brazil's call for a dispute panel got ''tremendous support,'' with more than 50 countries speaking out in favor, according to a GATT official, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
When Audrey is 15, her parents take her into Manhattan to have her fitted for a special corrective lens.
Bradley's Arguments Mr. Boren also got some help from an unexpected quarter.
''They're overstating what the telephone companies can earn and ignoring the consumer benefits,'' he said.
Mr. Wolfe and his wife, Marguerite, a violinist who plays with the Yonkers Civic Philharmonic and previously played with the Westchester Symphony Orchestra, have lived in Hastings-on-Hudson since 1971.
A private hospital association filed suit today to force the state to speed the payment of Medicaid bills and pay $350 million in back bills.
She sets forth from Kentucky to the Middle East to plead for her brother.
Yes, but the promotion deal needs investigating, not because it was unorthodox but because crucial matters like the investors' motives need clarification.
Still, property values here stay depressed.
The Dow transports have been running ahead of the industrials since mid-November, when the current stock rally began.
ESPN's coverage, almost solely after dark, will be off-limits to young kids.
He was descending into the pits of despair when he discovered ''Piano Man,'' a song about the shared loneliness of often-inattentive, distracted patrons of piano bars, and the pianist-singer's eventual power to touch their lives.
Perhaps most difficult of all, we will have to think again, to stretch our minds beyond the familiar concepts and policies of containment.
He is also a great-grandson of the late Bishop Ernest Milmore Stires of the Episcopal Diocese of Long Island.
members work for New England Bell.
In 1976, Mr. Westin, whose numerous awards include three Emmys, seven Peabodys and three Columbia/Du Ponts, resigned as executive producer of news and documentaries for ABC-TV in a dispute over budgets and assignments with William Sheehan, who was president of ABC News at the time.
The study found home ownership had fallen dramatically in the youngest age groups.
The announcement represents a major, though long expected, shift in strategy for Next, which is based in Palo Alto, Calif. Until now, Mr. Jobs had insisted, though no one believed him, that the Next computer would be aimed solely at colleges.
There was a marshal there.
''Any costs of a petulant delay that the Federal Government succeeds in imposing on Long Island should be viewed as a fine by the Bush Administration for choosing an energy future that doesn't include Shoreham,'' said Peter A. Bradford, chairman of the State Public Service Commission.
The 2,250 members of the new national Congress of Deputies, which is to be the nation's supreme governing body, will appoint a standing legislature and a president from among their number.
The demanding off-season schedule, which kept him away from home for weeks at a time, put a strain on his family life.
The formal evening starts with cocktails at 6:30 P.M., followed by the concert at 8 and a dinner-dance under a tent in Damrosch Park, Lincoln Center.
And it is phasing out trade loading, a costly but common industry practice of selling distributors more cigarettes than smokers are buying.
was up 37.5 cents, to $44.50; Ford 62.5 cents, to $51.875, and Chrysler 25 cents, to $24.875.
Similar new houses in Westchester are taxed at $18,000 to $20,000.
Kentucky and North Carolina are the only schools with 1,400 victories.
Readers of The Times know the current relevance of sociological ideas to the events of the day.
We are already down to bare bones.''
''We all need to see the many prominent people who helped in this effort,'' he said.
According to Video Review, this tape had 349 long streaky dropouts at the beginning of the cassette - roughly 10 times as many as most other brands.
Vezzani's heroic Faust is equally striking, and Mireille Berthon's Marguerite is stylish.
7 To honor the 47 crewmen who died in the explosion of the battleship Iowa, Gov.
They warned that if the United States did not move rapidly enough, Europeans would buy fewer American high-technology products and cut American companies out of cooperative research projects.
The station restaurant in Geneva was a first-class restaurant, well known during World War II for its langouste.
Wyler told Olivier to go after her and apologize.
Other Worrisome Signs The setback at Omar coincided with other worrisome signs that have caused many Syrians to grumble about soaring living costs and the increasing gap between them and a small, rich elite.
Since the early 1940's, George Nakashima, the American designer, has worked with and against the grain of modernism, forging what might be called his own personal International Style.
In such circumstances, it surely makes sense to look beyond retail prosecution.
''If he hadn't gotten a lot of minutes tonight, he had already arranged with the trainers to get extra practice on his own tomorrow, an off day,'' Kasten said after the Hawks' 104-91 victory over Minnesota.
''In the past decade, food imports have tripled in volume, while the number of inspectors has actually dropped,'' he said.
It is also a way for them to learn more about who they really are and how they are perceived by others when they are outside the bounds of school and home.
''After the scandal, we all could have left Seton Hall without losing eligibility,'' Werkman said.
It is emblematic of the restiveness within the North Atlantic Treaty Organization over its nuclear-based strategy.
All of the candidates spoke of misgivings about the proposed City Charter, mostly about its handling of land use.
By far the most widespread complaints are over missing checks.
''We are like all the other news operations in town, quick to follow the body bags,'' he said.
Tickets at $16 and $23.50 may be reserved by calling 432-1234.
But the major influence on the dancer and choreographer would seem to be that of Murray Louis, Mr. Nikolais's longtime colleague, to judge from a program Mr. Otte and his Otteco company presented on Wednesday night at the Theater at St. Clement's Church.
Two years later, he was appointed to head the Xavier Institute.
It is not that younger people are not welcomed for the holiday.
From his white respondents he heard ''none of the blatantly racist remarks that were common in 1968''; black interviewees ''reported extremely positive changes in their own lives coupled with a skeptical, even negative, assessment of the progress of black people as a group.''
Esteban Vicente Berry-Hill Galleries 11 East 70th Street Through tomorrow He may be 86 years old, but Esteban Vicente paints at least as well as he did a half-century ago, to judge by this latest group of works.
Media buyers seem unimpressed by the demographic profile of the audience.
Report Under Guard The report was being closely guarded in a secure room at the Capitol used for review of classified documents.
Mr. Mandela, who was convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment at the same 1964 treason trial that convicted Mr. Sisulu and four of the others, is said to have been pleased when informed of the plan for releasing his compatriots.
''Poison Variations'' was danced by Marjorie Folkman, Ruth L. Loomis, Jamie A. Norcini and Shin Yano.
Lessons for Beginners, Cornell Cooperative Extension, 15 East 26th Street; 212-340-2900.
Though the captain's new chart plots a sensible destination, his boat is too small to get there.
This held the trick, and the ten was led.
Reacting to the judge's decision today, Giamatti explained that he had scheduled the hearing only in the event that there were no restraints placed on him.
The Anglo-French company also needs to reach an agreement with its main contractor Transmanche-Link, a group of 10 construction concerns, over costs before it can go to a syndicate of more than 200 banks that originally committed funds to the project.
But Dr. Medvedev established that hundreds were fatally contaminated by the dust and debris of the explosion, which apparently occurred as a result of a heat or chemical reaction when large amounts of nuclear waste were piled into a dry lake bed 12 miles from Kyshtym.
At any rate, gunmen, generally assumed to be Securitate agents, began what appeared to be random attacks around the city.
Mark Baker was a lovelorn, resonant Narraboth.
The African leaders also announced that President Mobutu would serve as mediator for another round of negotiations between the Angolan Government and Mr. Savimbi in Zimbabwe at an unspecified date.
But the huge increase in the Federal debt has immobilized fiscal policy as a recession-fighting weapon.
From their conversation he notes that one is a first-time subway rider.
''We don't think that Willard's comments were really very harmful,'' Ms. Hubble said.
MARKETS Ivan F. Boesky was virtually wiped out financially, his lawyer said, after he paid $100 million to settle insider-trading charges in 1986.
But getting to the mandatory part -for the poor, national service would be a job-training experience.
All concerts are at 3 P.M., and the rain dates are the following Mondays at 6 P.M.
Candidates ought to be confronted with the proposals outlined by Mr. Dreyfuss and partisanship within the election should be determined by their records of past performances, managerial skills and promises for the future on the same grounds we elect any other candidate.
It was information supplied by an outside informer that led to the indictments, Federal officials say.
By the time Seabook One was finished, it had cost about $4.3 billion and threatened the solvency of Public Service.
All three players customarily produce a sweet, suave tone, and at times they did so here.
Wearing a long skirt under a long jacket can make a tall woman look even taller but is bound to make a short woman look as if she's walking in a hole.
He knows this all too well.
''Tim has an obsession with the 1950's kitsch.
Deeply Held Feelings A record number of children are being enrolled in Jewish day schools, known as yeshivas in the Orthodox movement.
Afternoon tea, taken usually at around 4 o'clock, gets you painlessly to a late dinner, whereas high tea is a substitute for dinner and happens at around 5 in the afternoon.
In 1986, the value that Mr. Dinkins gave the stock when he agreed to sell the 588 shares to his son - $98.63 a share, was roughly the same price Inner City offered its investors -$93.75 a share, when it bought back 2 percent of its stock the same year.
But he has also figured prominently in a dispute over allegations that a colleague may have committed fraud in a paper that Dr. Baltimore helped write.
Sony also said it had received commitment letters from five Japanese banks for the $3.55 billion it needs to buy Columbia Pictures.
One year after a state study provoked fears of forced busing with a call for mandated solutions to racial isolation in Connecticut's public schools, the State Education Commissioner issued a new report today with goals that are far less ambitious.
Thereafter, introduce one simple food at a time, like pureed fruit and infant cereal, in small amounts.
Ending the bankruptcy will require action by the New Hampshire Legislature before the end of the year to approve a plan to raise rates by 5.5 percent in each of the next five years.
JUSTINE S. LOEBEL Seattle, July 20, 1989 The writers are, respectively, professors of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at the University of Washington and a geriatric nurse.
He is no longer an automatic starter, though, as he was the moment they drafted him as the 14th player over all.
The building boom that has been a driving force in Spain's economy has increased the available accommodations in vacation apartments and hotels by 20 percent to 25 percent this year.
'I am getting paid to kill a cop,' '' she quoted the defendant, Scott Cobb, as having responded.
''This is Harlequin Romance Hell?''
As with respect to other complicated human activities, one can't make up rules for proper reviewing behavior, or for criticism generally.
That certainty is a great contrast to her professional life as a social worker, Mrs. Sprecht said.
Indeed, people who signed up for New York University's DDI clinical trial in the summer had to wait until October to get the drug, when it was provided by Bristol-Myers.
''You won't find Sorrell on the golf course with a client,'' says Chris Akers, an advertising analyst with the brokerage house Citicorp Scrimgeour Vickers in London.
The Middleby Corporation said it had agreed to acquire the assets of the Foodservice Equipment Group from the Hussman Corporation, a unit of the Whitman Corporation, for $62.5 million.
What does that tell you about what the dance world has been like here for the past couple of decades?''
Harold Washington, Tim Evans too.''
The potential for error is amazing.''
With most of the countryside in the hands of the mujahedeen, the Government of President Najibullah controls only the major cities and towns, largely because the Russians have turned all the key cities into military strongholds during their years of occupation.
And in Nashville, Tree International is being sold to CBS Records for $30 million.
Developing a 'Fictitious Injury' Once informed, her journal said, DeBus, with Marshall's compliance, ''came up with a fictitious injury,'' and Marshall did not run.
and ''How well were you concentrating?''
Or as Murray Pearlstein, president of Louis, Boston and a friend and customer for a decade, puts it, ''His whole raison d'etre is the great outdoors; he's right to be concerned about it.''
Lincoln wool is very durable, suitable for outer garments, sweaters, weaving and rugs.
The coach's secret, when it is revealed, is so negligible as to be laughable.
Reading it, anyone would ask: What is the United States doing to stop the menace?
The greatest growth was in cosmetics and toiletries, which increased 21.5 percent, and in automobiles, which rose 17 percent.
For the last several years, Mr. Giuliani, with his political ambitions and his flair for gaining publicity, has dominated the office, so the transition to a more subdued style was probably inevitable.
At a Federal trial last year, two men were convicted on conspiracy and tax evasion charges for using the fictitious company in a scheme that stole $780,769 in Federal gasoline taxes.
This meets the fundamental interests and aspirations of the peoples of the two countries and helps maintain peace and stability throughout the world.
For example, the most extensive mortality from the spill was greatest in open sea, where oil tends to accumulate and settle into sediments.
Mr. Koskoff was known for his efforts to improve the image of his profession and to persuade his colleagues to give legal assistance to people unable to obtain it on their own.
In 1977, after I published a book on child care, I found that many people had the image of it almost as a kind of concentration camp for children, with little hands sticking out around wire fences.
Republicans have seized the issue as proof that the Governor is soft on crime, while Democrats bemoan the ineptitude of top-level staff members who allowed Mrs. Mofford to take the action in the first place.
As a longtime Giant fan I am not too optimistic for their future success.
Computer Associates stock closed on the Big Board at $19.50, off 62.5 cents.
While diplomats welcome the move, Sergeant Caballero worries that the phase-out could cause strains in her love life.
Tomorrow, when I sit on the Long Island Expressway, I am going to think about those last six words.
c-Included a net gain of $500,000, or 44 cents a share, from the cumulative effect of an accounting change; $152,000, or 13 cents a share, in exchange gains from the two overseas operations, and the U.K. subsidiary contributed $183,000, or 16 cents a share, in net income in this first quarter.
Neilson said his impression from the first day of training camp was that the players were ''keen and ready to go.''
Whatever the reasons, technology has evidently anesthetized care and fostered complacency.
Last year, in ''Falling Through Space,'' a collection of her journal entries, Ms. Gilchrist wrote about the correspondence she'd been reading between George Sand and Flaubert.
Her father is the co-owner of the Avon (Conn.) Clock and Lighting Company.
Altogether different in touch and scale from the Castello but no less vigorous or full of dramatic sweep is Joachim Antonisz Wtewael's minuscule painting of the Holy Family.
The Government requested written answers to five questions on how they set tuition and scholarship levels.
The matter is being investigated, he said.
Later in London, the dollar traded lower, at 143.25 yen.
One patient has anaphylactic reactions to shrimp only during the week before her menses.
''He knows there is one thing he must do - release this man.''
But perhaps the most brilliant gem in the brightly studded tiara of 1939 was to be an accidental classic released by the independent producer Samuel Goldwyn - a film that became Goldwyn's all-time favorite and established the film career of its reluctant leading man.
Can it afford to finance $57 billion during the 1990's to finish the job?
The clothes on the hangers in my closet seemed dated but the black dress with the floral insert might be acceptable.
It is as if Bobby Kennedy had published details of his brother Jack's indiscretions.
The pool of candidates is small and in some instances shrinking, they said.
''The raft will come to you.
Which is precisely what right-to-lifers do when they firebomb health facilities, block their entrances and intimidate, verbally harass and physically abuse those who wish to enter.
At Cashmeres of Scotland, on the fifth floor of Trump Tower, at 725 Fifth Avenue at 57th Street, lightweight cardigans are $450 to $625, and some are woven with silk.
Estimates of the number of homeless people in the subways - on platforms and trains as well as rat-infested tunnels near the electrified third rail - range from 2,000 to 4,000.
According to Bill Parcells, they give him more depth at running back than at any time in his six previous seasons as the Giants' head coach.
When a home is sold at a profit, the difference between the net sale price and the seller's basis in the property is the amount that is subject to tax.
That would be followed by a final referendum on an independence constitution.
VIGEN K. BABAYAN, Ph.D. New England Deaconness Hospital Nuttrition Support Service Boston, June 9
Descente America, a subsidiary of the Japanese company Descente, was one of the first to make the clothing - produced from super-synthetic fibers that are light, more durable and less absorbent than wool or cotton.
(A piquant philosophical point, but not enough to hang your hat on during the long desert haul from Winnemucca to Reno.)
William K. Reilly, the head of the Environmental Protection Agency, is known to have favored a more aggressive posture at the Netherlands conference, but was rebuffed by other Administration officials.
Mr. de Klerk's visit set off a storm of outrage from Labor members of Parliament and anti-apartheid campaigners.
Moscow is growing impatient, the diplomat suggested, with the lack of movement by Colonel Mengistu toward a settlement of the war.
The smallest of hopes was about all there was when Israel's inner Cabinet of 12 senior ministers - six from Likud, six from Labor - sat down last week to discuss Egypt's invitation.
It was not the police.
Most of the sheets come back with little more than vague circles and squiggles.
Some 700,000 soldiers died in the Civil War, more than half the total number of deaths, 1.2 million, suffered in all of the wars of the United States combined.
Of course, it is hard to accept that people have to die and can't come back.
The parliaments conceivably could test the provision in the Soviet Constitution that allows for secession by the republics, a move opposed by President Mikhail S. Gorbachev.
Paul Samuelson, a Nobel Memorial Laureate in Economic Science, says the public would be better served if the forecasters offered probabilities of what is ahead rather than convictions - for example, the probability of a 1989 recession is, say, 15 percent, of continued good times, 60 percent, and of a 1990 recession 25 percent.
There are some autobiographical snippets of little interest to anyone save a potential biographer, and a melodramatic story about a coup in Africa that strains to achieve the casual macho swagger of Hemingway.
Mr. Bruderl, a self-made man, arrived in Passau on Sunday afternoon and parked his recreational vehicle behind the town's reception center for refugees.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Nalco Chemical Co (NYSE) Qtr to March 31 1989 1988 Sales 249,499,000 236,023,000 Net inc 25,148,000 24,984,000 Share earns .65 .63 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
And Mr. Baker, while praising the Egyptian initiative, did not complete the circle and say publicly what he says privately - that he considers it a virtual acceptance of the Shamir plan.
''Some furniture has been in apartments for years, and we have to go cut it, bring it down, and put it back together.''
Belatedly, the department has given that office an unspecified assignment in this case but has kept Mr. Dennis in charge.
Dr. Gregory Burke, acting director of the oncology division at the F.D.A.
Nancy L. Johnson, Republican of New Britain, has given up her assignments on the Budget Committee and Public Works and Transportation Committee for one on Ways and Means.
The boldly seasoned lamb dish here is an appealing example of a liberated salad.
Expressed Concern At the time of the announcement, however, the United States said it was concerned about how the food would be delivered since the majority of the estimated four million to five million people likely to be affected by famine were behind rebel lines.
Reallocation of Troopers He said the State Police Resource Allocation Management Information System, a computer program that analyzes crime and accident calls to determine peak periods for different areas, has been used extensively over the last few weeks, as the department reallocates its troopers to areas and shifts where they are most needed.
The article also misidentified the Duke's former wife.
The credit crunch comes at a crucial time for the new A.& S. store, near Greeley Square in midtown Manhattan, or for the fashion manufacturers that supply it.
Team competitors vary in age from about 13-19.
A button that reads ''Slip It to Me'' is enlarged to tondo-size.
''It's hard to say that we'll ever sell a pair of shoes with it, but you can't always equate a dollar spent with a dollar earned.
An air pollution specialist at Sequoia estimates there are about 8 or 10 days a year in which the sky is clear; the visibility is usually less than 10 miles, with 2 of 11 ranges barely visible.
After cleaning his revolver, he allowed my 12-year-old brother and me to feel the firing pin strike the soft skin of our index fingers.
And Barbara is just Barbara, ain't she?''
They look at these things and realize what a lot of handwork was involved.''
Rowboats and paddle boats are $5 to $8 an hour; miniature golf is $1.50; pool admission is $3.50 ($1.50 for children); beach admission is $2.25; Friday night dance concerts are $5, and parking is $2.50 on weekdays and $4 on weekends.
INTERNATIONAL 2-7 A cut of 30,000 U.S troops in Europe has been proposed to Western leaders by President Bush as part of a far-reaching agreement to cut non-nuclear forces, Western diplomats said.
for taking nearly five years to come to a decision on the plant's safety.
But they said bidders were willing to pay heavily because the company's profits could be significantly raised if it were run more efficiently.
In addition, Ms. Ebersol has a sheared beaver coat she usually wears to work.
He said in a statement issued on his arrival, ''We are convinced that the summit will open a new chapter in the history of our two neighboring countries.''
The television set is part of a primitive-looking stone sculpture by Alex Locadia, and the silk-covered dining room chairs are by Robert Brander.
29 Ethics hearings ended with a whimper as the New York legislative leaders appeared to defend campaign fund-raising practices.
It's politically a very bad precedent, if there is no valid reason for it.
But I have to cost it and I haven't.
Tim Harding's giant kimonolike forms have the spectral quality of figures arisen from ancient tombs.
And the guys on the team aren't treating me any different than in the past.
Solomon B. Watson 4th, the company's assistant general counsel and secretary, will succeed Mrs. Darrow as general counsel.
The Cardinals don't need a coach.
Her Plume shoe, fashioned in black velvet with a two-inch heel, has a jaunty black feather at the tip of its pointed instep.
For Mr. Abu Jaber, the guide, the rhythms are different and move more to the sway of the camels than to the relative fast track of Egypt's capital.
10 was in the midst of a relay endurance test.
By the end of the round, both fighters were standing toe to toe and exchanging punches, and the blood was streaming from the cut over Dokes's eye.
And it's something that Touchstone, much more assiduously than other studios, is anxious to keep in mind.
The officers, both in plainclothes, drew their weapons.
But Sakharov did lose his hide.
Lewis Miller, general manager of the International Association of Fairs and Expositions, a trade organization based in Springfield, Mo., said 158 million people attend the fairs every year.
He is an attending surgeon at the New York Eye and Ear Infirmary, where his father is the chief of cornea service.
He also gave priority to holding down inflation in the United States, which was interpreted to mean that the Fed would not lower interest rates soon, as some had expected.
8.50 Gold Friday A.M. London fix, per ounce $382.30 N.A.
In fact, the 1985 Mouton-Rothschild came in second in the Gault-Millau competition.
Kaiser Aluminum and Chemical Corp., $350 million in senior subordinated notes, due 1997, NR/B-2/B-.
Alice Ruth, who follows the athletic footwear industry for Montgomery Securities in San Francisco, said that Nike, which is based in Beaverton, Ore., currently had the edge.
But Dr. Minna said he thinks the health implications are so overwhelming that society will have to use the new genetic information.
Just when you thought it was safe to go back into the water, the 17 members of New York State's Bathing Facilities Advisory Board have quit to avoid the possible restrictions of a new state ethics law.
Then there is the good will.
The per share earnings for the 1988 year--company converted to a stock company on May 11, 1988.
And if, contrary to the Psalmist's wish, his right hand has not exactly forgotten her cunning nor his tongue cleaved to the roof of his mouth, still, all he can do, as he concludes his narrative, is ''record everything I could remember of the Bellarosa Connection, and set it all down with a Mnemosyne flourish.''
''KNIGHTWARE LIMITED,'' a workshop for children ages 5 to 11 and their families, to learn how to design and make helmets and shields, 1 to 4 P.M. tomorrow, at Belvedere Castle by Turtle Pond and the Delacorte Theater, south of the Great Lawn at 79th Street, in Central Park.
a. prunes; b. dried figs; c. pears; d. bananas; e. raspberries.
It will display examples of windows that were popular in this country from Colonial times through 1930.
Again and again, I asked the question, What criteria are used to determine if a dish is Arab-Sicilian?
Without a capital gain, I fall into the 15 percent tax bracket.
''He's been real steady and consistent in his approach to us,'' said Don Mattingly, who stroked 4 of the Yankees' 13 singles and raised his average to .301.
''In that way, the audience is encouraged to accept the information they want them to receive.''
It does not pay to ask questions - to wonder why the two policemen are so incredibly gullible, and why they are devoting so much time to a minor case, or what the two attractive women see in the colorless cabdriver.
Lee Roper-Baker, executive director of the Hersey Abortion Assistance Fund in Minneapolis, said her organization recently financed an abortion for a 14-year-old after she recovered from swallowing turpentine and sugar in an attempt to induce a miscarriage.
And, secondly, how can private individuals working voluntarily solve the problem to their satisfaction?''
Although some of the details remain foggy, the major points are as clear as if they had happened yesterday.
One of the five modeling groups, at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies in New York, has calculated that growing concentrations of these gases could speed up the warming by as much as two decades.
The planned system would combine the technologically superior Pars reservation system, which was started three years ago by Northwest and T.W.A., with Delta's Datas II system.
Nor did the Fed's aggressive efforts to add reserves to the banking system affect this basic cost of credit.
Nearly 4,600 of the 524,460 people with incomes over $200,000 reported some unemployment compensation.
A narrow tube permanently inserted into the brain to drain off fluid can avert retardation.
Tan Intelligently ''Doctors have taken the position that tanning, across the board, is no good,'' Mr. Hamilton said, pouring himself a glass of bottled water.
Similar Situation ''I don't think you can have enough pitching,'' John said today before taking part in his first workout.
Yonkers, N.Y. $230,040 80 Gramercy Avenue 3-bedroom, 2-bath, 42-year-old Cape Cod; fireplace, eat-in kitchen, family room, pool; taxes $3,437.
It looks now as though any incentives to reduce fuel use, thus slowing the greenhouse effect or cutting air pollution, will have to come from governments, not the marketplace.
Yield: 4 servings Note: This is good with grilled polenta, made according to package instructions.
The announcement of the fall in profits followed a report by Dan Dorfman in USA Today that Mr. Steinhardt, who owns 8.4 percent of the stock, wanted the company to consider such options as expanding international service, selling a stake to a foreign carrier, or paying a large cash dividend to shareholders.
Another part of the contract calls for Henderson to make charitable contributions each year totaling $50,000.
Virtually every current inhabitant is descended from this band.
LOWS AND HIGHS AROUND THE U.S.
And, he added, program administrators ''work very hard to make sure concerns of the community are addressed.''
Since the enactment of the 1963 limited test ban treaty, all nuclear explosions have been underground.
The bad news is that we're still going to die someday.
''Fifties Night at Playland'' is the opener from 8 P.M. to midnight Friday, with Jenny and the Wanderers providing live music for listening and dancing in front of the Ice Casino, and Joel Breeden disk jockeying a series of 1950's tunes.
The store is divided into 11 shopping zones, each dedicated to gadgets that will keep something foul from happening to you.
The Lions' Bob Gagliano, starting for the injured Rodney Peete, connected on 9 of 19 for 143.
For transportation, parking or any other information, call 454-7951.
The Mayor and the Archbishop of New York talk about gay rights, AIDS, abortion and other subjects on which they fundamentally disagree.
''I expect New York State will be the first to really see a major drop in the number of heart attacks and strokes as a result of this.''
He advised all those in the courtroom to envision the worst verdict from a personal standpoint, to prepare themselves, ''and if you don't think you can handle it, leave the courtroom now.''
Autumn in New York, Urban Park Rangers; 212-397-3080.
But some West German officials say that talks on short-range nuclear forces should not be delayed that long.
Ms. Dean's father, Gordon Dean, who died when she was 3 years old, was chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission from 1947 to 1953.
A standard course consists of six to eight sessions in a classroom and swimming pool, followed by five checkout dives in open water.
As a stage presence, Ms. Avins kept growing stronger and then fading away.
had a prolonged impact in art was through printmaking,'' she said.
''Our aim is to reform the political system.
The concert, at 7 tonight at the Sheraton Hotel in Stamford, will conclude the symphony's Cabaret Pops series and will be preceded by a buffet (optional, at additional cost) at 5:30.
The payments, which enable them to get, in effect, an extra commission, are made by the firm to which the brokerage house refers the trade.
Americans have a tough time winning American orchestral posts, but several flourish in England and Germany.
But his efforts are always frustrated, and usually in comic fashion.
The state had billed Mr. Johnson, best known for his role on television's ''Miami Vice,'' for money he earned in Vermont while making the 1987 film ''Sweetheart's Dance.''
Others are more pessimistic, saying labor shortages and living costs could act as a brake on economic growth.
''We women need to develop our self-esteem,'' she said.
After its agreement to acquire Colonia, Victoire clearly became a more desirable target for Suez because Victoire would become France's second-biggest insurer behind Union des Assurances de Paris.
criticized Reagan budget cuts in financial aid for minority medical students .
I was preparing my lessons for a seventh-grade English class when I looked up and saw a veteran science teacher watching the rings of smoke from his cigarette dissipate in the air.
Duke Has the Edge If there is a favorite this year, it has to be Duke because of its recent Final Four experience.
Are the youngsters at risk or are they themselves the bearers of evil?
''We'll take it day by day,'' Manager Davey Johnson said.
A front-page article on Saturday about the war in Cambodia misstated several black-market exchange rates.
''The families that are already there say, 'Why don't we get what they're getting?'
Some 40 witnesses were interviewed and many were re-interviewed, including Pete Rose, who provided testimony over two days.''
Perhaps because of a restlessness of spirit - his or mine, I don't really know -he did not seem so remote.
The article ''A Rare Spear Point Is Secret for Five Years'' [ June 4 ] did not tell the story of the Purdy House excavation in enough depth to allow your readership to make an enlightened judgment of the value of the work done at the site, and the contribution of the many volunteers who participated in the excavation.
Because there is so little trading, and because when trading does occur, it is done in bulk and at wholesale prices, employee funds pay about a fifth the cost of having their pension money managed passively than if they had it managed actively.
You can't be an addict and go anywhere in this business.
And what is the result of all that?
Aid that allows continued ducking of reform, or is squandered amid futile social strife, would be worse than useless.
They need to stand up to the hard-liners who insist that negotiations with leftists and Communists can never be acceptable.
It was meat, potatoes and how was your day.
Gold futures mostly settled $2.40 to $3.50 lower, with the February contract at $401.40 an ounce, and the spot January contract down $2.20 at $398.60 an ounce.
The catalogue librarian, Elizabeth Fairman, will give an overview Tuesday at 12:30 P.M. At that hour Jan. 31, Linda Colley, associate professor of history, will discuss ''Imagining Britain: Maps and Attitudes.''
Clinique has a waterproof Bronze Gel, Gel Rouge and eyeshadow, called Touch Base.
It doesn't work that way in dealing with China.
The company says its figures indicate that the plant's safety record is well above the industry average.
1:04 P.M., 8:35 A.M. - Starter's Time.
The disabled plane, with its gaping hole, made a successful emergency landing at Honolulu at 2:38 A.M., the airline said.
Backed by armored vehicles, the rebels fired artillery into the camp and at Government helicopter gunships, but then retreated.
A Different Tack This would be a different tack from Southern, which tended toward the mythic South of barbecue, bourbon, beauty queens and Bubbas.
The Islanders goaltender Billy Smith is the only other N.H.L.
In the West Bank settlement of Berakha today, a Jewish settler had his hand blown off when he picked up a booby-trapped Israeli flag on which a swastika had been painted.
Plans are being made for a conference and cultural festival in Vilnius next August to commemorate seven centuries of Jewish life in the city and the community's impact on Jewish life in Europe and the world.
But no American computer company has grown quite as dramatically in Europe as Compaq, which started with a small foothold a few years ago.
''I'd seen 'Top Gun,' and while I admired it, it made me angry,'' says Mr. Puttnam.
He is also credited with having quietly negotiated an end to the Tontons Macoute terror tactic of dumping murder victims on the streets of the capital nearly every morning.
''There is no question that my own taste lies in the direction of 'Tristan,' '' he said, ''but I really love the other pieces, too.''
We'll have wartime rationing of everything, a vast black market, worthless rubles.
Heavy lunches are a memory now.
Sales are weaker for discretionary, big-ticket items such as furniture, home appliances and consumer electronics.''
After being limited to 2 points in the opening quarter, Ewing had 10 in the second period and 10 in the third, when the Knicks took a lead for the first time, at 59-57, on a 5-foot jumper by Mark Jackson.
The device converts the energy of decaying radioactive material into electricity.
Here are but two of many answers: (1) Where would the rails be?
The numbers of illegally induced abortions in the United States in the 1960's ranged up to estimates of 1.5 million a year.
The Soviet authorities announced today that the British Embassy and other British institutions in the Soviet Union would be required to cut their staffs.
From Dec. 20 to May 31, the rates are $1,890 a person, double occupancy, and $2,520 a person, single occupancy.
Mr. Zrike, a Georgetown graduate and a vice president of the Zrike Company, a New York importing concern of which his father is president, was an assistant press officer for President Bush when he was Vice President.
Federal legislation passed last October finally begins to address this cruel and costly dilemma.
PRIVATIZATION AND EDUCATIONAL CHOICE By Myron Lieberman.
As many as 120 ''game counselors'' answer telephone calls from puzzled players of ''Legend of Zelda'' or ''Super Mario Brothers 2.''
That decision, people familiar with the case said, followed a conversation with Mr. Copeland on Mr. Scott's intention to testify.
The curbs came a day after Westchester County imposed curbs on water use.
But you can get protection at just about any price that you want to pay, if you look around with care.''
Katherine Fertitta, whose apartment at 1177 Merwins Lane recently had a fire, was positive in her response.
Mr. Wagstaff, who died of AIDS in January 1987, eventually assembled a collection of several thousand images, which he sold to the J. Paul Getty Museum in Malibu, Calif., in 1984.
That's old news; give me some new news.''
He said he would go to the car and get it from his friend.
The shrine -which was to feature the urn containing Lawrence's ashes - was meant to attract intellectuals, devotees and the curious.
Jazz pianists must know when to anticipate a wind player's flight of fancy and how to keep out of the way when it is at its ripest, how to receive melodic ideas from those around them and answer in their own voice.
Highway congestion would be alleviated.
''He does talk to a lot of people,'' said one of his top senior White House officials.
Revenues rose to $377.4 million, from a restated $350.7 million in 1987.
But the glorification of old Hollywood also comes during a conservative period of film making when assembly-line movies are dominating the box office.
Bass fishing is different fishing.
So why put $82 into getting the broiler fixed?
The House voted to kill the Midgetman nuclear missile and to halve the money earmarked for moving MX missiles from underground silos to railroad cars.
Instead, he envisions ''six political gorillas'' fighting for control - the five borough presidents and the Council majority leader.
Companies The chairman of Ford will retire on March 1, about a year and a half earlier than expected.
Since 1987, the city has been able to find homes for healthy babies within five or six days, on average, down from a month or more.
The office's administrator from 1981 to 1988, Joseph D. Monticciolo, a friend and political ally of the Senator's, has been called to testify today before a Congressional committee investigating favoritism in the awarding of H.U.D.
As the days have turned into weeks and weeks into months without an arrest, Mr. Bloch has appeared to grow more spirited toward his Federal pursuers.
The company, which will be renamed the Aztar Corporation and own just Ramada's casino properties when the deal is done, said yesterday that it was delaying the closing of the deal by two weeks.
They want to eject the left from the Democratic Party and a variety of American institutions.
As a sponsor, we gain the advantage of having a setting outside the office in a relaxed, attractive atmosphere where customers can talk face-to-face with our executives.''
On June 1, the day before unexpectedly weak May employment numbers were released, the issue was offered at a price to yield 8.60 percent.
Shortly after the game, filled with the emotions of his team's achievement and inexperienced with the challenges of the public person he had become, Ewing stepped before the national television cameras, listened to the simplest of how-does-it-feel questions, and stumbled through his replies.
Jackie Sherrill, the former Texas A&M athletic director and football coach, received more than $500,000 and a house when he resigned with his program on probation last Dec. 12, the university said yesterday.
Japanese firms, which earlier in the week had been rumored to be interested in as much as 60 percent of the issue, bid on 40 percent to 45 percent of the bonds sold, according to market sources.
The Pentagon's sophisticated new weapons are often criticized as gold-plated.
Once, Wilson was called to pinch-hit, but his manager received no reply.
Miami's rock-music radio station WXDJ, which calls itself The Breeze FM, wants her to be co-host of its morning talk show.
''It's still not going to happen any time soon, but there's beginning to be serious thought about it,'' a senior American diplomat said.
Tickets, at $12, may be purchased in advance from Ron Melichar, 473 West 141st Street, New York, N.Y. 10031, or on May 21 at the Hamilton Grange, 287 Convent Avenue (141st Street); make checks to the Hamilton Heights Homowners Association.
The more appropriate response to broken rims - one that rightly recognizes slam-dunking as part of the game - is the spring-loaded ''breakaway'' rim, which folds down harmlessly under too much stress, then snaps back into place.
Dr. Livezey attributes this to an extraordinarily strong La Nina effect that overwhelmed any effect the sunspots might have had.
Although the castle has not been lived in for 25 years (and is still without electricity), it was fortunately untouched during the Scottish civil wars and, later, the Victorians refrained from adding any superfluous wings.
Caryn James, in a New York Times review of John Boswell's ''The Kindness of Strangers,'' about the pre-Renaissance care of abandoned children, took umbrage at ''his bizarrely chosen title, with its inevitable echo of Tennessee Williams.
Her mother, Barbara Lafer, is a psychologist in Manhattan.
Nowadays family histories are more likely to take the form of video cassettes.
Pretty young Ayin De Sela walks and dances along a wire in the poetic ''Tale From the Sea,'' and 10 of the circus's 14 performers turn out for a knockabout acrobatics act.
Frost is a British television personality best known for his interviews with former President Richard M. Nixon and as the host of the 1960's satirical program ''That Was the Week That Was.''
A lawyer specializing in Surrogate Court litigation, Ms. McGrath recalled being shown a private art collection with each individually wrapped piece taken out of a locked closet.
Mrs. Helmsley, whose trial on tax-fraud charges continued yesterday in Federal District Court in Manhattan, said nothing when reporters asked her about Taylor-Gordon Aarons' decision to resign the account.
Such buybacks increase earnings per share by reducing the number of shares.
These include frustration over an unexpected $600 million budget deficit, a vague anti-government sentiment that stems partly from the dispute in Washington over Congressional raises and a strong local movement led by the Citizens for Limited Taxation, and finally shock waves still felt from the Presidential campaign defeat of Gov.
In an impressive break with the past, he has learned to live with vigorous debate in Parliament and the press.
He is also the author of the much praised ''The Embarrassment of Riches: An Interpretation of Dutch Culture in the Golden Age.''
The schedule in the House bill is the same.
In this case at least, the Rock's strength is its oddity.
In 1976, he became the orchestra's concertmaster and held that post until 1979.
''The pressures are greater now because everybody is giving scholarships,'' Mangina said.
Upstart growers in the Midi, a region known for routine wines, have been doing remarkable things with cabernet sauvignon; innovators in the Ardeche have been doing the same with chardonnay.
All it does is take someone else's life.''
Those proposals were in a juvenile-justice bill that languished in the State Legislature.
An ominous line that foreshadows ''his tragic crippled years far in the future'' tells us more about the pulp level of the revue's book than about the creative life of its subject.
A six-man international team of explorers reached the South Pole on Monday, marking a major milestone in its 4,000-mile trek across Antarctica with skis and sled dogs.
''He makes you excited about the subject, even if you're not.''
His style was an aggressive and assertive one that bruised the egos and interests of the city's white business leaders with bold affirmative action programs and the use of his mayoral pulpit to fight against suspected police brutality aimed at blacks, who make up 61 percent of the city's population.
Love, sings Chenier, is the divine gift.
A mysterious stranger saves a woman from a series of dangers and disasters.
For food safety, turkey should not be stuffed more than 15 minutes before cooking.
And the capacity audience greeted ''Enigma'' once more with cheers and whistles.
There are two Twyla Tharps.
The couch potatoes in level one were likely to die youngest; death rates were lowest among fanatic, 40-mile-a-week joggers in level five.
In ''Rose-Johnny,'' 10-year-old Georgeann bravely penetrates the mystery that lies at the intersection of race and sex in the South.
Are there any other species you are trying to bring back or which are coming back on their own?
Failures in its ambulance service have been frequent, sometimes with fatal consequences.
The causes of homelessness are many.
In the municipal market, prices were unchanged to up one-eighth, traders said.
Two being held today are a wildflower walk at the Audubon Center in Greenwich (869-5272) and a tour of spring-blossoming trees at the Bartlett Arboretum in Stamford (322-6971).
Wide-leg pants sometimes billow out from beneath the shorts.
funds, the city could raise several hundred million dollars through a surcharge on the city's income tax, to be earmarked for a ''superfund'' to fight crime.
Experience With Herpes Drug The first antiviral drug, acyclovir, was marketed seven years ago for the treatment of genital herpes.
As an addict, she does not care what happens to her or to her child.
At Roy and Niuta Titus Theater 1, Museum of Modern Art, 11 West 53d Street as part of the New Directors/New Films Series.
Both were demonstrative on the court, pumping fists, playing to the crowd.
For the United States, it could be an opportunity to help Nicaraguan democrats in a way that all Americans can be proud of, through above-board financial aid dispensed through the National Endowment for Democracy.
The book costs $16.95 in stores; members of the American Association of Retired Persons can buy it for $14.10, including postage, by calling 800-238-2300.
Per-share earnings increased to 55.6 pence, or 87 cents, from 46.9 pence.
Jesus still did not turn and run; instead he jumped up and down, prancing sideways along the sidewalk toward the corner on the main avenue.
Indeed, the consensus of hundreds of international experts at the Dioxin '89 conference I just attended in Toronto is that dioxins are pervasive in the environment and, even at the levels in Times Beach, Mo., seem to have no effect on humans.
The competition in the soluble fiber field has become so intense that the use of psyllium in a new General Mills cereal called Benefit has at least two other manufacturers furious.
When troops parked three supply trucks near the Beijing Steel Institute, students drained the gas from the tanks and deflated the tires of the trucks.
Martin Luther King Jr. Also included is the Merriam Webster Intermediate Dictionary with 1,500 of the words pronounced for the user.
Williams and his trainer, Carmen Graziano, complained noisily and bitterly that Neumann had stopped the fight too soon.
Presumably as a result of the contamination, a decrease in the abundance and diversity of tiny freshwater animals near the bottom of the food chain has been measured by Government scientists.
''It's something about being human I don't fully understand, this unwillingness to know the ways in which we are imperfect.''
Kim Zmeskal GYMNASTICS Kim Zmeskal laughs when she remembers how terror-stricken she was when she first started out on in gymnastics.
''It must be tender and chewy, and the grains must be well detached,'' said Mrs. Berrada.
They say that what is needed to combat the rapidly rising number of drug-addicted newborns is a greater commitment to drug treatment programs for pregnant women.
The unlikelihood of any last-minute accommodation between Kabul and the guerrillas has been emphasized, as have the difficulties that the guerrilla groups have had, at meetings in Pakistan, in agreeing among themselves on how to share power.
Of 109 recent projects supported by the World Bank, according to one recent survey, 30 provided for liquidation of the state enterprises, 33 for some divestiture and 21 contained components involving other forms of privatization such as leasing, management contracts and concessions.
Complete removal is best in the long run, but this should be done by an experienced, specially trained contractor.
's new powers would be used sparingly, if at all.
Could the people in Dallas have possibly treated a premiere any better?
In smaller pots nearby were the remains of animals, including a goat's head and a rooster.
3.Place the vegetables and bouquet garni in the pan and brown, stirring, over medium heat for about five minutes, then mix in the remaining salt and pepper.
In addition, the Court ruled last year that it was unconstitutional to force professional fund-raisers to disclose how much they receive for their services.
The Long Decline On the strength of its first ad campaign, ''Home of the Whopper,'' which was rolled out in 1958, Burger King expanded rapidly to become a national chain.
Sees Loss of Majority Deprived of Arab support, Mr. Kollek predicts that he will lose his city council majority.
An Effort to Stem a Tide The immediate reason for the decision was evidently a recognition by East Germany's embattled authorities that they could not stem the outward tide by opening the door a crack and hoping that rapid liberalization at home would end the urge to flee.
And part of it was Ed.
''Hey, Mr. Dealer'' flings epithets at drug dealers: You're the sleaze bag of the country The garbage of our land.
''When a tree is cut I bleed,'' said Mr. Stern, who is credited with coining the term ''arborcide.''
Clubs would be eligible to ''participate in the free agent market up to the participation level payroll.
''It's a pretty common, patented process that we're all aware of,'' said Douglas Keeney, chairman of C. A. Blockers.
It is an event that is bound to be discussed in a decade, from Trumbull to Taiwan.
The Yankees added two more runs to chase Johnson in the sixth, starting with Mattingly's single.
In 1984, when R. Foster Winans, the Journal's Heard on the Street columnist, was accused of advance trading on stocks he mentioned in his column, Mr. Pearlstine's first instinct ''was to defend my reporter.''
Eastern's bankruptcy lawyers said the request for an examiner would be made to dispel the criticism that the transfer of assets had been improper.
''The more manuscripts we have, the more we can understand about the creative process,'' Professor Reilly said.
Nine months ago, Mikhail S. Gorbachev addressed the Soviet Union's special party conference.
Gen. and Mrs. Frederic J.
The Concise Oxford Dictionary of Current English defines a straphanger as ''a bus or train passenger who has to stand and hold strap for lack of sitting space.''
Derrick Coleman, a junior basketball player who was named to several preseason all-America teams, was one of five students at Syracuse University who have been sanctioned by a university judicial board in connection with a fight and series of apartment break-ins last month.
William Leach, an analyst with Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, reduced his 1989 earnings estimates for the company to $2.65 from $2.75 a share, and 1990 estimate to $2.80 from $3.00 a share.
After eight years of Reagan budgets, some programs need more than token increases, and Congress may want to go further than Mr. Bush.
Mr. Bakoyannis acted as one of the mediators who helped bring together politicians of left and right who had been bitter enemies for more than 40 years.
The study, released Friday by the National Petroleum Council, an advisory group to the Energy Department, said a cutoff of oil imports could be managed if the Government quickly taps into the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.
''I don't believe it either.
Yolanda J. reckons she used to make $500 a day selling the crack she cooked herself in the kitchen of her apartment in the Flatbush section of Brooklyn.
The year-ago period included a pretax gain of $18.2 million on the sale of the company's mortgage banking operations and a $3 million pretax operating loss in that division prior to the sale.
His friend Tom Lawford, a prominent investigative journalist and a former agency man, vows revenge.
The birth of a gorilla this month at Zoo Atlanta has focused attention on the practice of keeping the mother isolated from other gorillas just before and after giving birth.
''Typically, when the difference between the three-month London interbank offered rate and the prime get to be less than a percentage point, it is time for a change,'' an economist at one New York money center bank said.
And so let's - what I want to do is preserve this relationship as best I can, and I hope the conditions that lie ahead will permit me to preserve this relationship.
He is the son of Edwin O. Reischauer, former United States Ambassador to Japan and dean of American scholars of Japan.
An ice-cream social in the park attracted 300 people and raised $2,300.
c-After income from discontinued operations of $879,000, or 4 cents a share, for the quarter and $1,644,000, or 7 cents a share, for the 9 months; the 9 months also included a gain from an accounting adjustment of $6.4 million, or 27 cents a share.
Different as their approaches and their subject matter were, Mr. Lee and Mr. Soderbergh both invited their audiences to weigh characters' motives, consider their accountability, fill in the moral blanks.
A Sensitive Date The statement by the East German press agency did not elaborate on West Germany's so-called provocations that forced the suspension.
But the husband, who has self-employment income, may have missed a tax-saving opportunity by not adopting his own health insurance plan and deducting 25 percent of the premiums.
''After that, there isn't any new supply coming until early in May.
He said today he may keep O'Brien, his No.
Mrs. McCutcheon, who prides herself on her well-stocked freezer and pantry, gave food to her neighbors.
He said the contest began six years ago as a ''small extracurricular activity'' that soon became part of the regular curriculum.
NO one connected with the conversion would make a public estimate of the legal costs, but several said privately that they probably were about $5 million.
But for me, and for residents of Connecticut, the issue is not one of interstate rivalry but of fundamental fairness.
''Mahler even revised things after they were published.
But in recent years dunes have been demolished for condominiums.
In fact, after school we're going to beat the crap out of you.'
''When I heard that Quayle had been picked for vice president,'' he says later, ''I wondered, how would I do a commercial against him?''
There were occasional stories about burglaries on Embassy Row or a knifing at Dupont Circle, but they were just occasional stories.
1 in the polls, but we wanted to show people in the country we were a great team.''
When symbolic speech is that powerful, worldwide attention must be paid.
The Nets led by 26 points in the second quarter, threatening to run away with the game.
Dowd, in his statement, said he wrote the letter at the request of counsel for Peters, but at the meeting with Judge Rubin, Alan Statman, Peters's lawyer, said the ''baseball people'' who came to talk to Peters -he did not identify them - ''offered'' to write a letter and they accepted the offer.
It is the final image that I have of Samuel Beckett, pacing out his life, with no end in sight.
''Rain Tooth's Blood Chant Dive,'' which was given its premiere, had its alluring, tactile moments as the players edged their collective chordal cluster up the fretboard.
China defied the United States, the Soviet Union and other countries meeting here to negotiate a peace agreement for Cambodia by insisting today that its Cambodian Communist ally, the Khmer Rouge, be allowed to play a role in governing the country.
Speaking of great musicals, if you enjoyed ''Oliver!''
''We felt it was so important in the cultural and social history of the city that it should be preserved.''
Hugo Vincent Alessandroni, a chemical engineer who won a bronze medal in fencing in the Olympics in 1932, died of a heart attack Friday at his home in Little Silver, N.J.
Nearby, a tribe of 16 growling, menacing, make-believe dinosaurs confronts visitors to the lobby of 2 World Financial Center, at 225 Liberty Street.
Sanders's 26 rushes included an 18-yard touchdown run in the second quarter and a 3-yarder that made it 24-10 in the third period.
The Government will seek immediately to renew its so-called ''voluntary'' quota agreements with 29 countries, scheduled to expire in September.
Cars now are much smarter.
French Film Festival Add the name Sarasota to the long roster of cities around the world that are hosts to film festivals.
Finally, the santoor virtuoso Shivkumar Sharma, accompanied by the tabla player Zakir Hussain, will combine for a concert of this Persian-flavored hammered dulcimer music tonight at 8 o'clock in Symphony Space, 2537 Broadway, at 95th Street.
Indeed, he settled in Manhattan for seven months, dividing his time between East 78th Street and a loft near the Brooklyn Bridge and marveling at the sharp and often sudden contrasts around him: ''The way you can walk from some very beautiful place two blocks, and there's a slum bar you wouldn't want to go into, or you can stand on the smartest street and watch power stations belching out filth the other side of the Hudson or look down Park Avenue and see the Pan Am Building plonked on top of that wonderful Classical building, Grand Central Station.''
At Michael's Pub, 211 East 55th Street, where she will be singing through June 17, she is drawing on her repertory and experience, including her scintillating years with Gene Krupa's orchestra..
I woke up an hour later, and he looked asleep.
They are abandoning any notion that they can make a difference.
Working Toward a Degree She is not bitter, she said, about the absence of a professional league for women in the United States.
''They had to return to the front line to save China,'' he asserted.
The meet, which will be held in June of that year in Downing Stadium on Randalls Island, is of major importance in that it produces the United States teams that will compete later that summer in two prominent international meets held only once every four years: the world track and field championships, which will be in Tokyo, and the Pan American Games, which will be staged in Havana.
''Once you put together a panel with representation from blacks and whites and women and Hispanics, you find that you have created a group of people who in their own eyes become more important than they really are.
William G. Bowen, the former president of Princeton University who now heads the Mellon Foundation, said colleges may act this way when it comes to fund-raising - raising as much as they can and spending it on quality programs - but that tuition-setting involves a delicate balancing of economic and educational objectives.
Difficult to Trace Under questioning by the prosecutor, Cathy Seibel, Mr. Kleiner delivered the most carefully documented account of any witness who has yet testified in the trial, now in its third week.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Telco Systems Inc. (OTC) Qtr to Nov 26 1989 1988 Sales 19,137,000 16,985,000 Net inc 1,090,000 323,000 Share earns .12 .04 Shares outst 9,028,000 8,331,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The division is also upgrading its warranty to cover the entire car, not just the engine and transmission, for three years, or 50,000 miles, with a $100 deductible after the first repair.
We must remember there is no historical precedent for the Soviet Union's forswearing a strategic advantage if one is handed to it on a silver platter.
PITT - Named Bob Valesente assistant head football coach.
It may sound extravagant to hire a team of workers, but some in the industry say it's more efficient to hire two workers for four hours than one for eight hours, as fatigue diminishes productivity.
Sail America owes North Sails about $220,000 in the aftermath of Dennis Conner's defense of the Cup against New Zealand's 132-foot monohull yacht.
He added that Jane M. Byrne, who in 1983 ran for Mayor against Mr. Daley, the son of former Mayor Richard J. Daley, made the same arrangement with Senator Edward M. Kennedy of Massachusetts.
Beat the egg yolks with the brown sugar until light-colored and thick.
''Al has been on three sides of that issue,'' Representative Gerald B. H. Solomon, an upstate Republican, said at one point.
As an example, after a company makes an invention it no longer has the luxury of nurturing that discovery over many years.
''They are meeting and that's encouraging.''
(Holland) Philips 420 951; CD and cassette.
b-Net income c-Included $904,000 in one-time licensing fee income for both the quarter and 6 months.
If this does not appeal, plants can be sprayed with the biological, BT, according to label directions.
This rationale is as flawed as it is cynical.
''It has been our experience that whenever double-checks have been done on the abatement work after it is completed,'' she said, ''contamination, sometimes serious contamination, has been found.''
The point is to appear settled, even though the universe may be in upheaval all around you.
The Coalition for the Homeless estimates that the city needs space for at least 35,000 more, doubling what is now available, with an annual cost of $271 million.
Higher yields on bonds compete with the return available from stocks and also threaten corporate profits.
The 501-year-old cathedral next to the collapsed tower suffered substantial damage, and some shops in the square were struck and damaged, according to the local archbishop's office.
'' 'Darcourt's doctrine of optimism.
August performed beautifully, stopping at each curb, listening and watching for traffic, acutely aware of everything around him.
The United States has done little to educate a jazz audience (as might be expected for a great indigenous art form), which might at least expand the fringe.
The 196 cars were overhauled by General Electric in 1987 and 1988 at a cost of $376,000 a car.
Auto sales plunged 23.1 percent in the first 10 days of the month, leading to predictions of more layoffs and plant shutdowns.
New York weighs in for a close second, followed by California and then Florida, he said .
For those Poles who return, the money they can earn abroad goes an extraordinarily long way in Poland.
The Giuliani campaign hopes its two 60-second advertisments attacking Mr. Dinkins will produce similar results.
In Castel Gandolfo, Italy, Solidarity's parliamentary leader, Bronislaw Geremek, welcomed the Prime Minister's offer but said: ''If the talks are about how General Kiszczak should shape his government, I have already given my answer.
(AP) - Sherman Douglas showed no signs of earlier back pain as he scored 26 points to help No.
The director of the commission's Office of Investigations, Ben B. Hayes, testified that the manager, Steven White, had telephoned Mr. Stello to request advice on how to respond at the same time that Mr. Hayes's office was conducting an investigation about whether the T.V.A.
One is a combination of new taxes proposed at City Hall and already enacted in Albany that will increase the costs of buying and selling apartments.
As is the case now, any contract awarded by a military agency or service that falls below the threshold will be publicly announced, but not on the day it is awarded, as happens with larger contracts.
Israel Won't Talk to P.L.O.
That story is completely refuted by facts.
Already gallium arsenide, a faster material than silicon, is being used where speed is crucial, like optical-fiber communications, critical.
was apparently considering a 1991 tournament contract for 1991 that would limit beer ads to 60 seconds an hour as well as require that they be restricted to ''educational messages.''
The Giants traded their second-round choice to the San Diego Chargers for the Chargers' selections in the third, fourth and seventh rounds.
And in the scenes that involve the unpredictable Francis and his troubled daughters, Ms. Chase shows especially acute powers of observation.
Spurrier is a former Heisman Trophy winner as well as a highly regarded former United States Football League head coach.
Jan Benson Jan Benson, a flutist, covered a lot of stylistic ground in the nine works she offered on her New York debut program at Weill Recital Hall last Saturday afternoon.
Today, the military historian Edward N. Luttwak said, ''The United States military will only agree to engage in an operation if it is given an irrevocable letter of credit beforehand saying that it won't be criticized if anything goes wrong or civilians are killed.''
That's a pervert making that accusation.
The Canadian Government is already involved in a dispute with the indigenous tribes of northern Quebec and Labrador on the East Coast over low-level flying exercises conducted over their traditional hunting grounds by Canadian, German, British and Dutch warplanes from the Air Force base at Goose Bay.
Fifty years later, Mystic has become a tourist net, drawing more than a million visitors a year to the seaport, aquarium and shopping districts.
He then rode atop his Menemobile, a luxury bus with a roof platform, through crowds in the heart of Buenos Aires to the Congress today.
propagates its own kind of pain.''
More important, the nature of the conflict has changed.
''I'm still trying to get it out of my system,'' Peete said.
At 12:04 A.M. today, he left the Brooklyn House of Detention, having been fingerprinted, given his personal property and paid $22 he was still owed from working for 50 cents an hour in the jail's electric shop, prison officials said.
I can't say, then, that it surprises me much to find myself dreaming of late about other men, the men who preceded my husband; I call them ''Divorce Dreams,'' but in truth I think they are marriage dreams, dreams in which I keep coming to terms with options that have passed, paving the way for the present and the future.
He scored 14 points in the fourth quarter and finished with a game-high 29 points.
But we've developed a confidence and a rescourcefullness over the years that can see us through.
Colonel Rowe was pronounced dead at a nearby military hospital.
c-Net loss and after a tax credit of $3,173,000.
Chou Wen-chung, a professor of musical composition at Columbia University, says the new atmosphere in China may impede the kind of cultural exchanges that brought the violinist Isaac Stern and the playwright Arthur Miller to China and enlightened American scholars about Chinese concepts and forms in music.
''Through geography and history, Canadians have an affinity for this region, and the New England states are economically viable and growing faster than the United States as a whole,'' he explained.
And Mr. Gibbons's new marketing strategy is risky, the analysts say.
in January for $5.68 billion, said today that it would lay off 550 people at its Minneapolis headquarters over the next few weeks.
1 Man in the News: Patricio Aylwin, President-elect of Chile, has closed the breach with his old adversaries on the left while extending a reassuring hand to those on the right.
As befits the purposes they serve, these objects are further united by a strong celebratory intent, which at certain points gives the show an almost lyrical atmosphere.
What happens to the pictures of the former spouse?
That, at any rate, was the refined view of ''The Creation'' as presented on Thursday evening at Avery Fisher Hall by the New York Philharmonic under Robert Shaw's direction.
For the commodity futures markets, the action centered on a handful of futures contracts based on indexes of stocks, including the Standard & Poor's 500.
A fresh and rejuvenated Montana, however, late in the season played with the precision that has marked his 10-year career and vaulted the 49ers in reach of their third Super Bowl title.
Because of the wave of defections, Andersen created Andersen Consulting as a separate business unit with more say in the firm's governance.
For scaup, also called bluebills, on broad expanses of open water such as Long Island Sound, 100 or more decoys are often required to compete successfully with the huge rafts of wild birds that are scattered about.
Much as he hates to sit Elster, the manager of the Mets loves offense more, and as a consequence he has, since Keith Hernandez's return to first base on Thursday, installed Dave Magadan at third base and moved Howard Johnson to shortstop.
And Sandinista strategists have now been left to wonder what they gained for such a price.
''The companies and countries that control the development of HDTV will have a huge lead in the coming competition for leadership in the electronics world,'' Representative Edward J. Markey, a Massachusetts Democrat who is chairman of the House subcommittee on telecommunications, recently said in opening a hearing on high-definition television.
Elliott Carter's vocal works are often thought the most unlovable music of an unlovable, if significant, composer.
''My office in Frankfurt only sent certain building materials to Libya,'' he said.
In East Jerusalem today, an Israeli bus was destroyed by a firebomb thrown at it.
''Restructuring of inter-ethnic relations is not the redrawing of borders, is not the breaking of the national-state structure of the country,'' Mr. Gorbachev said.
John and Guidry might have good stats before the All-Star Game, making it all the more difficult for the manager to make adjustments in the second half of the season.
If a rodent lands on the perch, its weight shuts the hopper of the seed supply.
Most critics panned the number.
ALTHOUGH plans for regional shopping malls in both Augusta and Waterville have been announced, it is generally acknowledged that only one is likely to be built.
The girls called crack ''Scotty,'' and getting high was ''beaming up.''
Mr. Wolf also ordered that a Federally licensed mechanic reinspect every 747 cargo door at every arrival and oversee closing at every takeoff.
The shake, a thick mixture of vanilla ice cream and fresh raspberries, is so scrumptious that visitors are likely to overlook the hyperbole.
After 1942, priests and bishops were of every political stripe - from those who joined the Resistance to those with the French S.S. Charlemagne division in the German Army.
''He never met a camera he didn't like,'' Mr. Garth said of the Mayor.
Trefethen 1984 cabernet sauvignon ($15).
I've played lot of unlikable characters, and I have a gift for being abrasive.''
CHARLES STOUGH Dayton, Ohio, May 25, 1989
Howell Heflin of Alabama announced his backing of Mr. Tower on Monday, Christopher J. Dodd of Connecticut on Tuesday, and Senator Bentsen today.
When he was doing high-energy physics research in West Germany, he learned of very large brown trout that were in some of that country's high Alpine lakes.
Mr. Macklowe's illegal demolition of four buildings on West 44th Street between Seventh Avenue and the Avenue of the Americas occurred two days before the city ban took effect.
Suddenly he was moved to the front of the list for a new Lada 2107 automobile; he got a two-bedroom apartment.
said that by Oct. 22 Sequa had decided to acquire these shares and also decided to acquire an additional number of shares, bringing its stake to more than 20 percent.
''It would be a car of armored glass where you talk to the people like a fish in a fishbowl.''
Among those considered for the job is Arthur A. Fletcher, a Bush campaign supporter who served as Assistant Secretary of Labor in the Nixon Administration and who has expressed a willingness to accept the job, if it is offered.
This is still a place where the black population is comparable to that in a Southern town.
And if this is true with sculpture placed beside good buildings like these, it is all the more the case with the sculpture that is paired with bad architecture: there seems to be some mystic belief that sculpture will have the power to lift us out of a wretched environment.
So far, the company has deals to sell units worth $180 million in all.
Most of the losses were in the finance, insurance and real estate industries.
In effect, Uncle Sam was paying 34 percent of an interest payment, compared with 46 percent before the 1986 law.
This treatment does not work in all cases, however, and a variety of other psychiatric medications have been used.
The Fixation of a Decade ''These are things you don't really listen for, but intuitively hear,'' Mr. Neuhaus said.
After she brought it to the attention of ''CBS Morning News,'' the town re-evaluated the assessments and the assessor lost the November election.
Now, the 1982 Mouton-Rothschild, and the 1985 and the 1986, are in a different league.
Last Oct. 8, the same delivery traded at a contract low of 37.20 cents a gallon.
What clinches the case against Wilkins, exhibit A of the cold-blooded depravity of his state of mind, is, Harman says, ''the trash can comparison.''
He said there was ''urgent need'' for a ''new system, and new principles,'' but he did not elaborate.
Airport Planning a Review In the wake of reports about the Dixon investment, airport officials in Los Angeles are reviewing the status of minority particapation in the duty-free stores and gift shop concessions, said Clifton A. Moore, the executive director of the airports department.
The buyer was said to be an American, but was not further identified.
Peter Rogers is constantly buying heavy pure cotton sheets.
Not here - what if Honecker found out?
Dr. Fu is China's first orthodontist to continue his studies in America, attending Northwestern University in 1981-82.
was up 3/8, to 111 7/8; General Electric slipped 3/4, to 51 5/8; Exxon was off 1/2, to 44; and USX dipped 1/4, to 34 1/2.
Complicating the conflict is the fact that the House's action is part of an omnibus budget bill with many features, including provisions to reduce the Federal deficit.
But when he went home to show off his skill, his family agreed - and he could not dispute them - that his omelet did not remotely compare with his mother's.
Under the provision approved by the Senate last June, a total of $1.75 billion would be authorized for the 1990 fiscal year, and, after that, with the tax credits, would cost the Treasury $10.3 billion in lost revenue over four years.
He is part of a small improvisational ensemble, The Company of One, which uses many African instruments, including log and warrior drums, shakeres and congas.
He told me, 'If it had landed on the grass, I would've given you a mark but it never got out of the cage.'
Some of the most dangerous illusions on the chessboard stem from one of the greatest geniuses of the game, Wilhelm Steinitz, world champion from 1866 to 1894.
You extend him the courtesy of treating him a heck of a lot better than a prisoner who's not going to give you anything.
A Goretex slicker is $185.
Seven states have suits pending similar to the Mississippi case, and experts say states that have lost other voting discrimination decisions are most vulnerable to action on their judicial elections.
Each of them has been writing essays on democracy and posting them in alleyways, residential lanes and occasionally on major streets throughout the city.
Samuel Beckett included a sketch of a choral piece in his novel ''Watt'' (omitted, for some reason, from the French translation).
In 1954 he received his fourth star by act of Congress.
''He has created a good image for the city -which is failing a little, and maybe it is time to step down - but I don't see any exciting alternatives.''
She offers squealing, girlish imitations of Prince singing ''Little Red Corvette'' and Diana Ross doing ''Ain't No Mountain High Enough'' that are intended to make one squirm.
Today, Senator Packwood gave permission to identify him as the source of the original article and offered a more detailed description of his meeting with Dr. Sullivan, who has been making the rounds on Capitol Hill and introducing himself to key lawmakers.
They will also elect a new vice president, an office that has usually been a steppingstone to the presidency.
''I understand that he wanted me to leave,'' she said, referring to the President.
''It didn't limit us at all,'' Montana said of the wind.
The other half, a comparison group, received acupuncture at points unrelated to chemical dependency or anxiety.
''Our significant sales growth has shown that our reputation for fashion apparel is growing,'' William R. Howell, the chairman, said in a statement.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Fireplace Manufacturers Inc. (OTC) Year to March 31 1989 1988 Revenue 20,377,998 17,806,387 Net inc 524,645 179,136 Share earns .13 .05 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
(Swietenia is to be distinguished from the khaya species, which grows in Africa and is referred to as African mahogany.)
MANY people endorse the exclusion of undeveloped barrier islands from the National Flood Insurance Program which, in effect, subsidizes coastal development.
Perhaps the biggest guarantee that the Japanese will never play the takeover game quite the way Wall Street does is the individualism found among merger specialists, many of whom have developed into media stars with large egos to match their skills.
Booksellers hastened to yank ''The Satanic Verses'' from their shelves.
Stanley S. Litow, the director of Interface, a local educational study group that has closely followed the issue of dropouts, said the figures showing little change demonstrate how difficult the problem is.
''People are not being drafted right now, so they're not scared,'' he said.
Government officials insist that Mr. Baker, whose investment portfolio was made public several years ago, was well within the law when he held on to the bank stocks while serving as Treasury Secretary from 1985 until last year.
The view touched off a rally in the dollar, which pushed the dollar to 1.8660 West German marks in London trading.
The crime was not a secret on Capitol Hill, but when The Washington Post resurrected the story, it caused a furor and more trouble for Mr. Wright, the House Speaker, whose financial dealings are under investigation.
''But the early run-up in Treasury bonds was short-lived.
That seems to be the mood with most of the country.
''I'm happy to review which way feels most comfortable,'' he said.
One of the officials said Mr. Malek would not be paid in the part-time but significant post.
Williams scored 21 points in the first half.
They chased him into the Embankment tube station and stabbed him six times.
This year, sweeping austerity measures reduced the army's stated recruitment goals by 10,000 men, to an estimated 20,000, they said.
''The better I get to know the issues and the voters' concerns,'' she said, ''the better I can govern.''
Although the networks' lead is impressive, advertisers also spent $915 million on barter syndication and another $910 million on cable networks last year, up from $762 million for barter and $760 million for cable in 1987.
But just as Mr. Kahn was putting the final touches on his already overdue manuscript, Mr. Rose's alleged gambling transgressions became a front-page story.
Macmillan Inc. will sell its Katharine Gibbs secretarial schools and its Technical Schools division to Phillips Colleges for $31.5 million, the two parties announced yesterday.
Its rise of 7.9 percent was the fifth largest of the day.
By determining which substances were consumed, the system can identify the bug.
''Suburban Home Life: Tracking the American Dream'' will remain at the Whitney Museum, 1 Champion Plaza, Stamford, through Sept. 6.
The lusty, widowed Maxine runs the rundown hotel on the west coast of Mexico where a bunch of noisy German tourists and two of Shannon's irate passengers converge; the rest will not get off the bus.
Nevertheless, he remains a sometimes vivid historian yoked to an untrustworthy and contentious amateur psychologist.
Mr. Mitchell's comments coincided with today's opening of talks at the State Department between Soviet and American officials, who are preparing the ground for a meeting between Mr. Bush and Foreign Minister Eduard A. Shevardnadze of the Soviet Union on Thursday.
* Climax Molybdenum Co., Greenwich, Conn., a division of Climax Metals Co., which is owned by Amax Inc., named James E. Gorman to the new post of president.
''These were things I felt deeply were being ignored.
A protest against ''The Satanic Verses'' was reported in Teheran as an Iranian was quoted as offering $1 million to the killer of the author, Salman Rushdie.
We learned that there is a generator, but it provides electricity only for the laundry.
It was not easy to judge in the bidding that three no-trump was the right landing place: Four spades was apparently hopeless when West took his three minor-suit winners and exited with a diamond.
But he shrugs at their mention.
''For some people, the idea is to see who can pass out first, or who is left standing,'' said Leonard Lombardi, a senior at Byram Hills High in Armonk, who said he goes to parties but rarely drinks.
''It wasn't headlined an apology,'' Mr. Kinney said, ''but it was a mea culpa.''
Sundays, 6 A.M. to 5 P.M., April through November.
''There is no injustice to Troy Canty if a passenger decides not to sit next to him,'' Dr. Fletcher wrote, referring to one of the four youths.
''Attitude studies in 1983 showed that 22 percent of people were meat lovers, which means they felt a main meal must include meat,'' says Jeanne M. Sowa, vice president of the council.
Mandatory Reporting Included were calls for a ''mandatory reporting requirement'' for all school board employees knowing of corruption, although how such a requirement could be enforced was not addressed.
Raps also detail uninhibited teen fantasies - sexual escapades, wealth, conquering authority figures - with rhymes that are, too often, proudly sexist and homophobic, stupidly equating strength with ugly putdowns.
Store owners and other business people said the theater was important not only as a cultural asset, but also for business.
A past president of the American Veterinary Medical Association, he spent 22 years in the military, serving with the Army and the Air Force, In 1956, as head of the Air Force's Veterinary Corps, he raised and trained the nation's first animals in space at Brooks Air Force Base in San Antonio.
Land for Park The builders of a new condominium development called the Hills of Independence, just outside Hackettstown, have dug out nearly 1,000 feet of buried canal along their property.
Its benefits apply to families with income all the way up to $80,000.
NEW MUSIC In 1987, ''My Father's Song'' by Nils Vigeland tied for second place in the Brooklyn Philharmonic Orchestra's Frederick P. Rose Prize competition for new orchestral works.
They say they feel angry and powerless, with no way to make themselves heard other than to take to the streets, marching noisily but orderly with banners and chants past the aging Altos Hornos I plant and the huge plumes of copper-colored smoke it belches into the sky.
De Castro president of its Latin American group.
''I think it looks just awful,'' said Evelyn Roessler, a widow who lives in Madison.
grew 3.8 percent, the strongest showing in four years .
''The economics were such that it was in our shareholders' interest to make the sale.''
After taking the oath of office, Mr. Bush left the inaugural platform with Ronald Reagan.
Helga Dernesch no longer commands the upper range of the Nurse, but she gave a vocally crafty, dramatically taut performance.
To me, she never went out of date.
But my mother would rescue them and tape them and put them in files so they could be read nowadays by scholars.''
At the same time, the Government made an unusual turn to outside advisers from the International Monetary Fund to help it draft a new tax law.
Mr. Sondheim and Mr. Lapine set several characters on such a journey in their l987 collaboration, ''Into the Woods.''
And as to what I'd - or how the Iran factor - I've just laid down how I feel in terms of the, in this case the Imam, exhorting people to go out and commit murder.
But he will appear in other commercials ''in a very nice way in matters that I'm familiar with.''
The investigation began when an F.A.A.
Sidewise body movement resulting in loss of seat-back support would expose the passenger to severe backward tension of the upper torso.
If you are installing shut-off valves beneath a sink or basin, you will probably also need a basin wrench.
Now, when scientists manipulate the data, the graphics will alter automatically on the terminal in front of them.
Many expect the most potent force in the nation's housing markets to be the demographic reality of the baby-boom generation, which created a huge new population of first-time home buyers from the late 70's to the mid-80s, and which is now growing into middle age.
Ms. Monk staged productions of ''Education of the Girlchild,'' an imagistic account of the course of life that she choreographed in 1973, in many spaces.
''They read all the journals and soak up as much information as they can,'' he said.
It has never seemed a natural part of Bangladesh, 85 percent of whose population are ethnic Bengalis.
FOR the rest of the afternoon, the prices fell slightly from bid to bid and the auctioneers had to work in $1,000 increments to squeeze the last dollars from a bidder.
The Martin Marietta Corporation today named A. Thomas Young, the company's executive vice president, to the posts of president and chief operating officer.
Simply delaying a pit stop for a couple of laps after a yellow flag comes out will be enough to put a driver in front after everyone else dives into the pits for gasoline.
Many officers say they are regularly taunted as ''toy cops,'' patronized by regular police officers and disliked by medical staff who resent being asked to produce identification or to submit packages for inspection.
In Mr. Cain's dull delivery, Mr. Jordan's platitudinous phrases, about destiny, perfect balance and mankind's place in the sun, reassure us only about one thing: We don't want to hear it.
From that day on, neither cajolery nor brutal kicking could make it do more than beep and write ''Code 1701'' on its screen.
Saturate the repaired sill with two coats of wood preservative.
For some reason, they didn't mention it to me.''
''I'm thinking about the future.
Their choices include a beach where you can get some sun and a desert where it's best avoided, cozy inns and more rugged retreats, places to watch the water, watch the people, or be watched by tigers.
''Without a doubt, people like Harvey,'' said Mike Lenard, a U.S.O.C.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* BMC Industries (NYSE) Qtr to Dec 31 1988 1987 Sales 43,716,000 42,420,000 Net inc 2,109,000 2,822,000 Share earns .40 .54 Yr sales 160,346,000 146,853,000 Net inc 4,888,000 4,509,000 Share earns .92 .85 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
PIRATES 4, PADRES 1 SAN DIEGO (AP) - Glenn Wilson hit a pair of bases-empty home runs and Randy Kramer and Bill Landrum combined on a four-hitter, leading Pittsburgh.
But the fact is that efforts to force surplus countries into line are scattered, ineffective, and just about at a dead end.
Instead of offering free passage, as before, Turkey is requiring the Bulgarians to obtain visas.
''It was put forward in Moscow by Vladimir Cheklin,'' deputy president of the U.S./U.S.S.R.
We were the 18th case recorded in the Seville police office that day - Americans followed and preceded us.
We will help any government that wants our help.
BUPA Health Services is a unit of British United Provident Association Ltd. Hospital Corporation was recently taken private in a management-led buyout.
Since then, the city has pursued an aggressive building program as administrators try to keep up with the rising number of prisoners.
Instead, they are the comically fallible, heedless guests at an extraordinary party.
While the war in Afghanistan has devastated that country and sent more than three million refugees into Pakistan and Iran, it has also extracted a growing price for Pakistani society.
The Spanish Civil War drew her back into the international struggle against Fascism.
Steinbrenner called a clubhouse meeting yesterday morning in an attempt to calm Righetti about the rumors.
Even in the stands, and in the infield the spectators exhibited a sense of style that would be hard to find at Belmont.
So far nine of the 13 men arrested have been indicted.
The names of the reindeer and dwarfs and the elephant's gestation period are not in the new volume, but in each section there are references that guide the reader to additional sources.
The choices of Grey and Burnett, both Procter agencies, are not surprising.
All three are used to make electricity that is well suited to providing heat, light and mechanical power, but the storage problem makes it hard to use in transportation.
It's an attitude that endears him to most, especially to actors.
If your boat doesn't qualify as a second home, the interest on the loan is considered ''consumer interest'' and only 20 percent can be deducted.
Moreover, the engineering results in clean, natural, well-balanced sound, neither artificially close nor too distant.
The fatigue and stress of raising twins are often overwhelming, especially for older parents.
Fighting breaks out between military units.
The anchors are small sleeves designed to split open and become wedged inside a hole driven for them in wallboard or plaster.
RACHEL CHEVALIER Program Director Pennsylvania Resources Council Inc. Media, Pa., Aug. 8, 1989
Will people still try steroids and other banned drugs?
Brian Hallas's sound design draws freely from various musical sources, including a reinterpretation of a Josephine Baker number by Ms. Smith.
If the cable industry wants to show its concern for subscribers, it can do so by rolling back its $17.95 monthly basic charge for cable in the Bronx, Brooklyn and Queens; by resolving its dispute with Madison Square Garden so that subscribers can see the Knicks and Rangers play a few games before their successful seasons are history; by offering better customer service to the Manhattan subscribers who have suffered a 44 percent to 74 percent increase in their basic cable rates over the last 50 months, while the Consumer Price Index was increasing only 14 percent, and by wiring the half of Central and East Harlem that should have been wired 15 years ago.
But the further I got away from my neighborhood and my family, the more I realized how much here was genuine.
In their 12 seasons the Mariners have never been a contender.
IN the summer of 1949, the Soviet Union exploded its first atomic bomb and Communists came to power in China.
American Standard, based in New York, said it was using the proceeds to reduce debt.
Chicken Wings and Stained Glass The red-brick firehouse, with its distinctive peaked roof covered in green Spanish tiles, was built in the 1920's to house fire apparatus.
State and Federal regulators today accused senior officials of a California savings and loan of using wiretaps, political pressure and inducements to regulators to avoid any action against the institution.
His vivid thought also expresses what the Soviet leadership would like to do.''
Lenders, meanwhile, reported that Citibank, which has agreed to put up $1 billion for the Paramount offer and raise $13 billion more, extended invitations yesterday to dozens of people to join in the huge financing.
The fact that states promote and celebrate the lottery games may increase their impact on public attitudes to work and saving.
He has led some business executives to believe that he wants to make the embassy a more forceful advocate for American economic interests.
Although one of Der Fuhrer's favorite films was Coop's 1935 ''Lives of the Bengal Lancers,'' I concluded, no evidence has been produced to substantiate the charge.
Home ownership declined in the 1980's for the first time since World War II, Senator Lloyd Bentsen said today, citing high prices and high interest rates.
Similar bills are under consideration in more than a dozen other states and in Congress.
And most important, governments now intervene in domestic economies to create comparative advantages.
Most people seeking a suburban home are looking either for a single-family house or its condominium equivalent - the town-house unit.
If they don't, I write an article.''
Mr. Teti attended Gettysburg College on a basketball scholarship.
The improvement plan is crucial to the future of a club, whose swimming pool is within the danger zone or ''limit of hazard'' path of golf balls hit off the 12th tee, Mr. Dunning said.
The arrangement of outside investments in it insured extensive promotional efforts.
Concerns Over NWA The letter's timing suggests that Mr. Skinner is concerned about the repercussions of any transaction involving Northwest Airlines Inc., which operates routes across the Pacific.
''When you're all done arguing, what have you got?
He took probably the best-recognized designer jacket in the world, Chanel's, and gave it pizazz with gold braid, pearl edging and gobs of chunky gold jewelry.
Human rights leaders, the United States Government and several United States Senators have condemned the arrests.
On the day England declared war on Germany, Neville Chamberlain named Churchill to his old post as First Lord of the Admiralty, and a signal was flashed to British ships around the world: ''Winston is back.''
Another is at 436 Mamaroneck Avenue in Mamaroneck, N.Y. Food Art and Science From Saturday through Feb. 26 a food festival will be held at the New York Hall of Science, 47-01 111th Street in Flushing Meadows-Corona Park in Queens.
Such an event, known as a short squeeze, could be temporary but painful.
What am I doing here?
He is survived by his third wife, the former singer and actress Jane Pickens Langley, whom he married in 1977; a son and a daughter by his first marriage, Thomas Hoving - the editor of Connoisseur magazine, who is a former New York City Parks Commissioner and a former director of the Metropolitan Museum of Art - and Petrea Hoving Durand, both of Manhattan, and four grandchildren.
But last week Mr. Sarney's halfhearted privatization campaign came to a stop.
Mr. Hevesi is a full-time associate professor of political science at Queens College and a legislator.
One resident likened Glen Ridge to ''Brigadoon, where the only friction is between the middle class and the upper middle class.''
Legal snarls, some connected with a 1979 revival starring Sandy Duncan, put the broadcast in limbo.
I've been in the neighborhood for 20 years, but nothing has ever made us a family before.
The movie is packed with idiosyncratic detail of character and event, sometimes very funny and sometimes breathtakingly crude.
In one interview, she said he had converted from the Islamic faith of his parents to Roman Catholicism because of his presidential ambitions.
I was interested in the outdoors and I fantasized about being an urban ranger.
It's important for their performances that the actors work for the audience's approval and respond to their feedback.
''I promise that this day we will unite and do a better job in serving you.''
After serving in the Peace Corps, he worked in Washington before returning to New Jersey, where he became a lawyer for Legal Services of Union County, serving poor clients in the Plainfield branch.
Does White's bishop-pair outweigh Black's lead in development?
Add cinnamon stick, peppercorns and salt.
Enlist support from corporations who have a global vision for their market.
It was disclosed today that the party was turning over its 33-bed guest house at Frankenhorst, near Schwerin, to the City of Schwerin Hotel.
But it suffers from the same faults as the President's plan: The obvious allure of a rate cut is quick revenue.
In the third week of June, these three young men - Mr. Schwerner was the oldest and he was only 24 -came to a crossroads: Mississippi's Philadelphia.
The police recovered an Uzi submachine gun from the scene.
It is also symbolic and religious, bringing to mind a number of stock Christian scenes, including the Pieta.
Dr. Stephen B. Hamilton, manager of G. E.'s corporate environmental science and technology unit, said that additional research had shown that the process of degrading the PCB's could be accelerated by feeding nutrients -nitrogen, phosphorus and trace elements - and oxygen to the naturally occurring bacteria.
I sat down, breathing hard.
Pittsburgh beat the Cardinals for the 10th time in 15 games, knocking them five and a half games behind first-place Chicago in the National League East.
''I had never had a secretary, never bossed anyone.
And give the schools chancellor a voice in the selection of local superintendents and principals.
Many of the fashion magazines are following a trend started in Europe of having a model in a casual, minimal setting.
Whether Moscow is open to the American suggestions of how it might apply its ''peace dividend'' remains to be seen.
We moved into an examining room, the very one that always worries my cats, and while we spoke, Ducky sat there on the stainless steel table with preposterous aplomb, nuzzling Kim as if he had known and loved her forever.
''Exxon's obligation is just beginning,'' Mr. Lujan said a day after the company announced that it would take an $850 million charge against second-quarter earnings to cover its cleanup costs.
And if East had led the ten or nine, South would have covered with the jack, prepared to finesse the eight at the 12th trick if necessary.
''You would never have heard this three years ago,'' said Elihu Bergman, executive director of Americans for Energy Independence, a conservation organization based in Washington.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. comes to Birmingham, Ala., to lead the city's black residents in their eventful 1963 civil rights marches.
Further evidence lies five blocks away, in ''The Photography of Invention: American Pictures of the 1980's,'' an exhibition of 172 plainly post-Modernist pictures at the National Museum of American Art (through Sept. 10).
''Too Yup, Willy,'' Hiatt says cheerfully.
Kodak had sought to have all orders of Federal Judge Rya Zobel vacated because Judge Zobel inherited 2,250 Kodak shares when her mother-in-law died last year.
But to go even beyond gallium arsenide, scientists envision using combinations of materials, usually gallium arsenide and related compounds like aluminum gallium arsenide and indium phosphide.
They note that the United States trade representative, Carla A.
Sargent was bad enough, but to be a follower of Sargent!
The Yeats Drama Foundation is to present a reading on April 8 at 5:30 P.M. at the Bruno Walter Auditorium of the New York Public Library at Lincoln Center.
After a quick round of hot potato that turned sour, the den mother headed the pack inside for some cake.
All of the former officials were put under police guard.
Mr. Lois said that he felt The Post should continue to use what he termed ''funny, humanistic advertising'' to ''explain to New Yorkers why they need a new Sunday paper.''
Then she goes straight to a discussion of the most likely cause of his difficulty.
He defends his administration's record of establishing Tactical Narcotics Teams that conduct ''buy and bust'' raids and of doubling prison capacity.
Participants Encourage Talks Many participants talked of encouraging negotiations, either direct or in an international setting, between the Israeli Government and the P.L.O.
Penn's heavyweight crews swept the river today in the Blackwell Cup regatta against Yale and Columbia.
They paddle upstream to go through the other 10.
But give some thought to tricky questions like whether your amendment will declare that ''desecrating'' the flag may be punished, or just burning it.
Mr. Feffer's defense of the clock, when he revealed it last week, was consistent.
Other newspapers that could gain included The Daily News in the San Fernando Valley north of downtown Los Angeles and several suburban Los Angeles dailies.
Two civilians also died in the 40-minute firefight.
At 9:25 and 11 A.M. today, ''Rejoice and Sing Noel'' by Petker with a trio of male voices; ''Worship the King'' by George for choir, and a piano duo performing a Christmas medley and ''God Rest Ye, Merry Gentlemen.''
He said about 100,000 dolphins were killed each year in the southeastern Pacific Ocean by tuna fishermen from the United States and other countries.
Most of the elements in Yukio Mishima's novels and in his own brief, dazzling life - homoeroticism, women as objects, muscle sports, worship of the body, death games -are foretold in ''Acts of Worship,'' a thoughtful collection of the Japanese writer's short fiction.
Its shows can be seen from 11 A.M. to 5 P.M., Friday through Sunday, until Aug. 20.
Ronzoni is so good, to Cliff Freeman & Partners.
Importing fully automatic weapons was banned more than two decades ago.
Then the advertisement shows scenes of a clash between demonstrators and police during an August march led by Mr. Carson, ''the man who led a riot which injured over 20 New York City cops.''
Ms. Kemp applies hand-painted or silk-screened floral and geometric patterns to plain white tiles.
It authorizes the states to sell tax-free bonds for use as mortgages for first-time home buyers.
The mean score for third graders rose from 37 to 38 on a scale of one to 100; the mean score for 10th graders went from 69 to 70.
The law originally made clear that states and the E.P.A.
We can't really pay that much more than we did 10 years ago.
$25 Million in Subsidies Southtown would be about half the size of Lincoln Towers, the 3,900-apartment complex between 66th and 70th Streets on the West Side of Manhattan.
His father was an architectural draftsman in Chicago.
The novel's newspaper columnist, Danny Cahill of The New York Dispatch, often seems a parody of columnists Mr. Breslin has known, maybe including himself.
''The painting is done on a fired, glazed object, which is then fired again.
Yale's Rich Huff intercepted it as time ran out.
But cultural misunderstandings can complicate treatment for these patients.
Empress...Ruth Falcon Dyer's Wife...Marilyn Zschau Nurse...Helga Dernesch Emperor...Robert Schunk Barak...Bernd Weikl The Falcon...Kaaren Erickson Messenger of Keikobad...Franz Mazura The One-eyed...Russell Christopher The One-armed...James Courtney The Hunchback...Richard Fracker Threshold Guardian...Heidi Grant Voice from Above...Gweneth Bean Apparition of Young Man...Mark W. Baker Servants...Heidi Grant, Joyce Guyer, Sondra Kelly Voices of the Unborn...Dawn Kotoski, Joyce Guyer, Loretta Di Franco, Ariel Bybee, Sondra Kelly, Claudia Catania Watchmen...Charles Anthony, Motti Kaston, Philip Cokorinos
''That's the sector that has increased rapidly in the last few years,'' Mr. Kaufmann said.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed at 2,381.96, down 36.84 for the week.
Possible Constituent Services And Mr. Leonard said he was asked questions by Federal agents about Charles Manella, who was on the executive board of the development corporation.
The average annual consumption of alcohol is 2.58 gallons of pure alcohol for every person aged 14 and older in the nation.
Last September, Mr. Leathers visited Westport's three elementary schools to talk to students who sang ''I've Been Wishing for a Playground.''
begun by the Reagan Administration last month.
Nationalist M.P's increasingly felt that Mr. de Klerk should replace Mr. Botha as President, because the party leader has no authority on his own to execute party policy.
Shows, Nature, Museums SPRING STREET FAIR, with games, craft booths where children can make collages, and jewelry, toys, books, sports equipment, entertainment and ethnic food, 11 A.M. to 5 P.M. tomorrow, sponsored by the Columbia Grammar and Preparatory School, at 94th Street, between Central Park West and Columbus Avenue.
Finding such a situation intolerable, a boy or girl escapes this unbearable pain through schizophrenia.
The measure would have provided a classified amount of money for the spy plane and transfer operation of the plane from the Air Force to the Air National Guard.
In those days, though monster buildings lurked throughout Manhat-tan, they were scattered widely enough for a street-smart New Yorker to tread safe and cheery paths through the city, just as jungle natives move cheerfully along familiar paths that would terrify a New Yorker suddenly set down among dense leaves and pythons.
Nielsen Marketing Research estimated that in 1987 the sales of aspirin totaled $790 million and constituted 43.9 percent of the American market for over-the-counter painkillers.
Practical information on the care and maintenance of indoor and landscape plants is provided by Joe Scianna, a master horticulturist from the university, by calling (203) 322-6971 during the designated hours.
Its leader, Yacub Addy, is a renowned drummer who derived his knowledge and expertise from his father, Okonfo Akoko, a powerful Ghanaian wonche, or medicine man.
That night, the White House again slipped in its dealings with Mr. Nunn.
Last year's seven victories, though accomplished against admittedly weak opponents, were the most by a Blue Devil squad since 1962.
Mr. Gingrich said his book had sales of 13,000 in hardcover and 5,000 in paperback, which he described as ''a decent sale for a decent, serious book.''
''Maybe I was born to be a witness,'' she said.
On one side of this country road is a cornfield with a huge red barn on the top of the hill, and the other a fallow field bordered by a narrow band of woods, where I occasionally spot deer and pheasants.
I did this by selling $5 million against the mark.
And certainly not when a failure to change our government would present the next administration with terrible unresolved legal problems and pressures from all the inconsistent voices opposing change.
COULD another AIDS virus soon appear, this time spreading relatively easily in coughs and sneezes?
The deal, which still needs shareholder and regulatory approval, would create the nation's largest employee-owned company.
The bank, which had assets of $64.6 million and deposits of about $61.1 million, was purchased by the First City Bancorporation of Texas Inc. for $25,000.
Andersen is a Chicago-based accounting firm that also operates the world's largest consulting practice.
His father is the president of the Buffalo Railroad Equipment Corporation in Charleston and the chairman of the Buffalo Brake Beam Company in Lackawanna, N.Y.
As such, the court ruled, they should be regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and not the Securities and Exchange Commission, which originally sanctioned them.
We have a large ungainly shrub in our yard, which the local garden center has identified as leucothoe.
One 5-year-old child seen by Dr. Gerald P. Koocher, the chief psychologist at Children's Hospital in Boston, described a parent's forthcoming operation as ''like being in a fight: they cut you with knives.''
#3 Areas of Difficulty Diplomats and economists suggest at least three areas in which the economy faces severe new difficulties as a result of the crackdown: * Foreign investors and lenders will be wary of providing the capital and expertise for China to sustain its export-oriented development strategy in coastal areas.
The other day, from 6 A.M. to almost 10 P.M., the Osips and Smiths were busy planting, weeding, watering, fertilizing and preparing their produce for market.
For example, a retailer normally needs the flexibility to sublet as the business climate changes, while the co-op may prefer to restrict that right.
Indeed, with the committee working in secret, information on the investigation is scarce.
Even calculating the costs to society of the more obvious effects, such as a rise in sea level, is fraught with computational pitfalls, methodological complications and controversial assumptions.
Lawmakers Cautious on Issue But a year after the Baby M ruling, which affected only New Jersey, most other states have enacted no legislation on the issue.
By the way, I would say that in the future, we must make sure that our weapons are not taken away from us.
4th Victory in a Row ''There ain't nobody scoring runs off that guy,'' Mel Hall, the left fielder for the Yankees, said of Candiotti, who reeled off his fourth straight triumph.
A very short genetic probe is likely to match hundreds of segments on a chromosome, without proving anything, because short combinations typically appear many times.
Ms. Chung was upstaged in her first ''Saturday Night With'' by James Earl Jones in a docudrama and the Rev.
''The Japanese cars are quite interesting, but we don't think they threaten us,'' said Jurgen Hubbert, a member of Daimler's board.
Detroit auto makers, however, tend to worry more about what powers Japanese cars.
Or any referral based on who provided the information about the applicant?
In the contemporary pop movie, the hits follow one another as quickly as the car chases and explosions in a James Bond movie.
Tonight, that tradition was reborn, and handsomely so.
Weinberger long ago embraced the silkiness of Los Angeles success: the house at the beach, the gated estate in town, the Greek-goddess actress-wife (Carlene Watkins), the children's birthday party with valet parking.
Mr. de la Paz grew up ''a Midwestern kid in a Cuban-Spanish family.''
& P. fortune, who later sold his 70 percent interest in the venture.
'Monopolistic Characteristics' The Solidarity leader said, ''The Communist Party will remain in this country and will be doing fine but it has to get itself rid of monopolistic characteristics that subordinate everyone and everything.''
Dr. Jaffe said he was worried that some people who did not have AIDS antibodies might be infected and be unwittingly transmitting the virus to their sexual partners.
A series of race-fixing scandals at northeastern tracks in the 1970's blackened the sport's image; these cases resulted in more than 40 convictions and suspensions.
What time I haven't been writing, I've been reading: Thomas Wolfe, if you know who he is.
One thing to remember about backing up: if it is done frequently, subsequent backups take only a few minutes because only new or modified files have to be saved.
It has none of the traits for which Rubens is best known - the colossal physicality, the command of bodily energies deployed on an epic scale, and the delight in ample human figures, male or female, dressed or undressed.
We just don't have any chemistry.
Working in both color and black and white, Mr. Staller found his photographs ''more evocative than what existed.''
These dishes are contradictions, but they taste good.
There he met a prospective tenant, Barbara Frederick.
Soon afterward, Valentina went to Paris to study the technical aspects of dressmaking.
It is Bobby Jr.'s position, and next season his younger brother, Danny, a sophomore, will inherit it.
''We hope there can be progress,'' another of the politicians shouted.
Similarly, betting the Bengals to win outright at plus 220 will get you a return of a little better than 2-1.
She gained some notice when Mr.
These listings are based on computer-processed sales figures from 3,000 bookstores and from representative wholesalers with more than 28,000 other retail outlets, including variety stores and supermarkets.
For now, I am happy with the magnificent colorful show.
Another day has gone by.
A1 Beijing's vibrant ''English Corner,'' a section of a city park set aside for the Chinese to practice speaking English, is still in full swing, despite Government attempts to shut it down.
Older children put them in the pilot seat; they take them out.
On the other hand, high-speed rail is just the thing for certain corridors between 250 and 400 miles where environmental and economic factors militate against the more conventional options.
''It's very restrictive,'' says Mr. Lucas.
They compete fiercely in an $11 billion consumer-magazine industry dominated increasingly by such powerful and growing groups as Conde Nast, Hearst and Meredith.
The panel called on NASA to ''reconsider its intention to procure'' the next-generation rocket, saying that ''for a small and questionable increase in reliability'' the advanced rocket ''will command large expenditures which should better be directed'' toward the overall improvement of the shuttle's safety.
You get ranked at the end of each one.
''The story is universal, like 'Cousin, Cousine.'
The crash occurred moments after one plane had dropped four skydivers at a hot-air balloon festival at Queen City Airport, the authorities said.
It has already received up to $200 million worth of contracts for manufacturing composite parts for the McDonnell Douglas C-17, a military transport plane.
WITH: Chet Baker, Carol Baker, Vera Baker, Paul, Dean and Missy Baker, Dick Bock, William Claxton, Flea, Hersh Hamel, Chris Isaak, Lisa Marie, Andy Minsker, Jack Sheldon, Lawrence Trimble, Joyce Night Tucker, Cherry Vanilla, Diane Vavra and Ruth Young.
Striking one pose after another, Mr. Littleford could easily have been a heroic farmer, miner or worker from some mural of the 1930's.
In addition, largely to offset the cuts in Federal aid since the beginning of the 1980's, colleges are increasingly providing more financial aid from their own budgets to students who cannot afford to pay for tuition.
Because of an editing error, an article yesterday about the dispute between Sri Lanka and India reversed the predominant religions of the two main Sri Lankan ethnic groups in some copies.
His lawyer, Richard Sprague, said after the verdict that he would appeal the case ''all the way until we get a vindication.''
''They did a very good job of camouflaging it,'' Mr. Baldwin said.
In the tax-exempt municipal bond market, Merrill Lynch Capital Markets acted as lead manager on a negotiated $255 million offering of water and electric bonds from the Orlando, Fla., Utilities Commission.
A little more accountability might be a good thing, he thinks, such as immediate disclosure of changes in monetary policy, placing the Secretary of the Treasury on the Fed's main policy-making body and the concurrent appointment of the chairman of the Fed's board with the quadrennial election of the President (i.e., without the current two-year overlap) - but that's about as far as things should go.
The law, on the other hand, says that final orders can be appealed.
''We're in the middle of making some very, very difficult decisions about cutting back on programs, when obviously there are great needs,'' said Frieda Garcia, executive director of the United South End Settlements, a social service agency in Boston's Roxbury section.
I'd do it exactly the same way again.
'The Caribou Love It' Mr. Bush has so far chosen not to go further.
The fund, which owns 10 million shares of the company's stock, has already voted its proxy in favor of management but could change it before the meeting, a spokesman for Edward V. Regan, the State Comptroller, said.
New hotels have been built and old ones refurbished.
But his answers are sometimes thin and, on the more strictly philosophical aspects of Nietzsche's thought, will leave some of his readers frustrated.
Its operating income more than doubled, to $226 million from $100 million.
The store also cuts young children's hair.
Abbey Lincoln will perform at Town Hall, 123 West 43d Street, tomorrow night at 8; tickets are $15.
And the team's greatest hero, Seaver, would lose the opening game of the Series, and win the fourth, but could keep things in perspective afterward.
According to Liza Malott, program officer for the President's United States-Soviet Exchange Initiative at the United States Information Agency in Washington, the number of visas tripled last year, to 35,000 from 11,000 in 1987.
''I would have concentrated more on hyping the car as much as possible with an uncluttered background,'' said Christopher Cedegren of J. D. Power & Associates, an automotive consulting concern in Agoura Hills, Calif. ''This campaign may overshadow the car itself.''
Those first years after retirement, Stratten explained, often begin with a period of denial: hoping the phone will ring, hoping another team is still interested.
Davis, who went into seclusion after his mount trampled the jockey Michael Venezia to death in the fifth race at Belmont last Oct. 13, resumed riding in March in California.
''Other developers in West Midtown will be exhausted, trying to lease up the remaining space in their buildings, while Klein will have a fresh product in a little city by itself.
chairman, L. William Seidman, the agency decided the bank was too far gone to be sold.
I don't think what happened to him is inherent to Mexico.''
Colt-Dolphin Case The most publicized allegation of tampering involving a club official occurred in 1970, when Don Shula left the Colts to coach the Dolphins.
''You can't live here without becoming more of a student of history.''
Jesse Jackson may step into the breach and run for mayor.
Also last year, Bridgemarket Associates filed counterclaims of $200 million each against 53 past and present members of Sutton Area Community, at least one of whom was dead, said Stephen Kass, a lawyer for the group.
But even as the music played and the cheers returned, there remained the question of whether an institution that has historically been obsessed with winning at any cost can operate within rules and remain satisfied with the results on autumn Saturdays.
The message was relayed to Simms at his home in Franklin Lakes, N.J. Simms said he did not know how soon he could be ready to play because he never had to rush his preparation.
It would be inaccurate to say that when I made a fateful decision to defect on Jan. 10, 1985, the circumstances mirrored those of my countrymen now leaving East Germany for the West.
b-After income of $6,621,000 from discontinued operations and an extraordinary gain of $15,690,000 from the redemption of debt.
''We are very concerned about this resolution and expending every diplomatic effort at this late hour,'' John R. Bolton, the Assistant Secretary of State for International Organizations, said in a telephone interview.
It was built in 1829, added to in 1868, and, in all its Victorian glory, was visited by Theodore Roosevelt and the actress Marie Dressler.
in quarterback rating from the first week until the last week.
Perhaps they are as ashamed of the photograph on it as I am of mine.
''We heard a commotion in the deliberating room, and finally one lady came running out to ask us to come in there,'' Mr. Russell said.
Over the next few months, two Federal courts are expected to rule on the power of states to act on airline advertising.
Once, Cadet Zikria took an upperclassman's preference for a particular soft drink too casually and served the wrong drink.
For all of that, the aroma of winning is heady in Mr. Greer's Georgetown office these days.
he asked his father and me.
The weatherdeck is whole again, so the visitor can wander about - as promenading passengers once did in midocean on fine days - past the tall, black funnel that was the only external clue to the ship's steam personality.
He mentioned jodhpurs and mock turtlenecks as hot items.
''The Delaware River is often put down by white-water thrill-seekers as too tame, but this year we're seeing waves up to 4 and 6 feet.''
They also plan to issue financial reports through posters, news conferences and loudspeaker broadcasts.
On Tuesday the general appeared at his first public rally and received a muted response from a small crowd of about 4,000 people in one of the main squares of the capital.
With these circumstances in my life, the horror and despair caused by AIDS is a reality that I must face every day.
The major issue is going to be whether the juror's fear was communicated to the others, and if so whether their verdict was the result of it.
Daniel M. Bradanini, Tomasso's vice president, said that in addition to its other attractions, New Britain offers value.
Police and hospital records show that more than 600 people have died and 2,500 have been wounded since a new cycle of violence began in mid-March, when the Christian commander, Gen. Michel Aoun, declared a ''war of liberation'' to evict Syrian military forces from Lebanese territory.
Dell Bantam Doubleday is itself part of a multinational, a subsidiary of Bertelsmann A.G., the West German concern that is the world's second largest media group.
At the little-sister rush parties, fraternity members select female members.
Miss Talma's melodic sense gives a gentle tension to her lines of poetry.
The maximum sentence for the misdemeanor was 180 days in jail and a $550 fine.
''If Daniel Barenboim is not maintained in his functions as artistic director of the institution,'' the telegram said, they reserve the right to ''reconsider our participation.''
[ Signed ] The Wicked Witch and the Enchanted Frog.''
In short, Mr. Cosby and Mr. Poussaint have nothing to apologize for.
'Batman' increased the fundamental value of Warner,'' he added.
When the pager's number is dialed, the caller hears a beep.
His comedies, like ''Father of the Bride,'' starring Spencer Tracy and Elizabeth Taylor, and ''Designing Woman,'' with Gregory Peck and Lauren Bacall in roles cloned from Tracy and Hepburn, retain their charm.
The crowd was a bit preoccupied by details like waiting on long lines in strong sunlight for food and shuttle buses to distant parking lots.
At the same time, Eastern bloc nations hit back at criticism from Secretary of State George P. Shultz over their human rights records, with Rumania and Czechoslovakia accusing Mr. Shultz of interfering in their domestic affairs.
The trailer and television commercials concentrated on Mr. Willis as Mikey saying outrageous things, with Mr. Travolta in the background.
He came to New York and found a job with Colgate-Palmolive.
The firing-range paradox - ''the way things are going, we'll be shooting with them, not at them,'' said Staff Sgt.
And whatever influence they had on policy has long been forgotten.
Mr. Peterson, a computer programmer and analyst for the Lifecodes Corporation in Valhalla, N.Y., graduated from the New Jersey Institute of Technology.
As for the Parisians, both Hartung and Vieira da Silva are represented by very minor works that happened to be the only ones available.
''It may well be unconstitutional.
Lunch At a luncheon at the United Nations for President Ronald Reagan in September of last year, Mr. Reed warned Mr. Reagan that unless the United States paid its back dues, he would go down in history as the President who closed the doors of the United Nations.
But in the last three months, Mr. Bailey, who invests in Hong Kong for the Arco Investment Management Company, an arm of Los Angeles-based ARCO, said: ''I've gotten more comfortable because of the tighter controls.
Conner took only 3 shots during the game's first 43 minutes.
Saab's sagging car business lost $188 million in the first eight months of this year.
ALMA DENNY Dear Diary: It was one of the rainier days of summer, and we were visting our granddaughter at camp.
charged that Jordache had stolen valuable patent information and had tried to regain Jordache's 50 percent stake.
(Free-range chickens are also permitted to roam in large pens.)
* Silicon Valley reached across the country to Route 128 in April when the Hewlett-Packard Company of Palo Alto, Calif., purchased Apollo Computer Inc., a Chelmsford manufacturer of computer work stations.
Recommended dishes: Escargots; onion soup; duck salad; shrimps with garlic; cheesecake; creme brulee; chocolate mousse.
Their idea of internationalism differed little in practice from what Metternich might have called state interests.
But Scott Arniel picked up a bad bounce off the boards and took a shot.
I thought she would be an excellent friend for Susan in her new home.
Customers in Driver's Seat The added competition comes when the glut of cabs has put the non-medallion segment of the industry at the mercy of big Manhattan corporations that use the vehicles.
Two artists who have actually been subjected to some form of censorship lean more heavily toward this view.
Says Mr. Hultner of the Mandarin Oriental, whose bookings are down by 50 percent: ''Life goes on and business goes on, but people are apprehensive for the time being.''
Susan, 19, is a veteran of the international arena, and at 2510 is the third-highest-rated female player.
But Mr. Harris trusted the sister, read the poems and was so impressed with them that he published them in the next issue of Angry Penguins, hailing Ern Malley as one of Australia's greatest writers.
Because he is 20 years younger than well-established Caribbean-born writers - the most prominent is his uncle, V. S. Naipaul - his ties to West Indian towns and his Indian ancestry are that much more tenuous.
As part of the grand jury's criminal investigation, search warrants were delivered yesterday by postal inspectors to some traders.
''You can sit on it and also use it to core apples and oranges,'' touted Paul Lincoln of the Manhattan-based company called Detail.
The diversity - more foreign exhibitors and more accessories companies - reflects the fact that increasingly, manufacturers have tried to purvey not just furniture, but also detailed life styles.
The unsold units normally give the sponsor instant control of the board of directors, since under the terms of this plan the sponsor is required to sell only 15 percent of the units to attain co-op status for his building so closings can take place.
Education Department officials said that because of improvements by blacks and whites, the dropout rates were encouraging overall, but they termed the dropout rate for Hispanic students the disturbing.
Two weeks ago, for example, the Belzberg family of Canada acquired Marine Transport Lines, the third-largest shipping company and one of the oldest in the United States.
One-Year Bill Auction Bidding was heavy for the one-year bills auctioned yesterday.
But the union council members had also become convinced over the last several years that they wanted control of the airline's strategy and direction so that United would not be sidetracked from its core business.
''Only the theoretic possibility exists.''
The Chase Manhattan Bank, the largest unsecured creditor, says it is owed $35 million, Mr. Tanenbaum said.
One now being considered by Congress is based on the relative value of the resources used in the treatment of a patient, the so-called resource-based, relative-value system.
Its success suggests that in a field where trends and stars can rise and fall in a matter of months, the 21-year-old rapper has cultivated an unusually loyal audience.
The inspections are financed under the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Program, which aims for uniform intrastate and interstate regulations.
Their success has varied, with Staubach, the Hall of Fame quarterback, the most successful.
''We are particularly surprised that U.S. News would go forward with the distribution of a guidebook which they know in advance is in error.
Only when that monopoly ceases can the world be sure that there will be no reversal and that days of police power will not return.
Since this is the first session the boxes are being used, they are ''probably a little tight'' and more difficult to open, said David B. Ogle, executive director of the Legislative Management Committee.
For many, the statements will carry the message of assessments and higher monthly charges, provoking another round in the long and abrasive debates among New York's resident owners that turn on the question, ''What kind of building do we want, anyway?
Twelve retailers who were in the basement have agreed to reopen stores there.
Gotham Bar and Grill ***(Sept. 29, 1989), 12 East 12th Street (212-620-4020) - The multilevel room, with its neo-classical columns and carpets, is dramatically illuminated through billowy parachutelike fabrics.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Chaparral Steel Co (NYSE) Qtr to Aug 31 1989 1988 Sales 101,525,000 97,210,000 Net inc 7,016,000 9,571,000 Share earns .22 .31 Shares outst 29,833,000 29,652,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Mr. Tirro, who has been dean since 1980, had announced that he will step down.
Portrait of Einstein Franco Moschino, an Italian designer with a beach-blanket-bingo sense of humor, has revived the twister towel, based on a game from the 50's.
After 1810, when the University of the Andes was founded there, the city of Merida began to assume the trappings of a metropolis.
Surely there were no children more loving, sweet and wonderful than mine, unless you considered the children of my friends who, in their own ways, were equally marvelous.
But with the family structure and styles of life rapidly changing, for a growing number of people it is getting trickier trying to figure out just where home is, let alone where to spend the holidays.
Mr. Wand is spoken of in his publicity materials - with more eager optimism than objective veracity, perhaps - as a ''cult figure.''
Suddenly, I realized my line was moving, and I was about to reach the counter.
b-Included an extraordinary credit of $167,930, or 1 cent a share.
''There are lots and lots of ways to do political change,'' said Jeanne Theoharris, a sophomore from Fox Point, Wisc., who has worked for women's issues, divestment and the Harvard Union of Clerical and Technical Workers.
Yesterday, Carol Sanger, vice president for public relations, said, ''We are continuing discussions with Citibank on the matter.''
''I know I can still play,'' he said.
Mr. O'Connor was born in the Bronx and received an engineering degree from New York University.
And Wednesday's cast offered more than the sketch one might have expected of Boris Kochno's scenario and the ballet's considerable choreographic detail.
This means removing the bluing to get the solder to stick and re-bluing after the job is completed.
But for some of the players, living in relative anonymity now, the ring is a vital reminder of who they were for one fleeting, but luminous, season.
Apartment sales within about 200 co-op buildings surveyed by Douglas Elliman increased from 83 during the first quarter of 1989 to 173 in the second quarter.
Call it the season between autumn and spring.
I started looking at the size 10's when the saleswoman came over and recommended that I scan the 12's.
The Grand Dragon for Mississippi, Jordan Gollub of Picayune, said Philadelphia had been chosen for what a Klan recruitment rally because of its portrayal in ''Mississippi Burning.''
And at Adega Tia Matilde (Rua Beneficencia 77; 77-21-72) acorda with fried shad is a bit over $9.
In his interview, Mr. Giuliani repeated an account he has told many times about formulating the idea before becoming United States Attorney, when he read a book by Joseph Bonnano Sr. about his life in the mob.
- J. M., Brooklyn Answer: In the past 14 years many veterans' groups have visited the Marianas, Papua-New Guinea, the Solomons and other islands with Valor Tours, Schoonmaker Building, 10 Liberty Ship Way, Sausalito, Calif. 94966 (415-332-7850).
Canadiens 6, Nordiques 1 QUEBEC (AP) - Gillies Thibaudeau scored twice and Stephane Richer had a goal and two assists for Montreal, which had lost three of its four previous meetings against Quebec this season.
Phillips Van Heusen has approached Cluett, Peabody about a merger that would unite the nation's two largest shirt makers .
Often, they note, by the time the N.C.A.A.
Nearly 900 Trinity students came to hear Mr. Muhammad speak.
''There are strong passions on all sides,'' said Jonathan F. Fanton, a white and the New School's President.
There, the flies have become resistant to one chemical, so another must be used.
''We ought not to interfere with the courts.''
The yard and the adjacent street were named for the 17th-century entrepreneur Thomas Neale, although somewhere along the historical line he mysteriously lost his ''e.''
''I shall never stop missing her,'' he wrote.
Bright pops put him in a artillery frame of mind, shocked him into yelling for the horse brigade.''
''That's how you have to look at it.
And as you can imagine, the I.R.S.
Now he is huge, so sometimes he makes people - especially people with small dogs - nervous.
Jane and Rob lead the expeditions but maps are distributed just in case you really do go at your own pace.
Yet it has been said that people born in the Year of the Snake are considered to be gentle, tender and generous.
Mohammed Din says that many tongawalas are now hauling more goods than people - though tongas piled high with whole families or groups of children going to school are still a frequent sight in some neighborhoods.
The Athletics had made it something of a post-season habit to recover from early deficits, but in Game 1 they broke away quickly, taking a 3-0 lead at the end of the second inning, a 4-0 lead at the end of the third and a 5-0 lead by the end of the fourth.
Nationwide, its rates have increased an average of only 6.6 percent annually over the past five years.
Foreign Minister Upadhyaya said Nepal had in the last few days proposed a new trade treaty that would include no special concessions but only most-favored-nation status, putting economic relations with New Delhi on a more equal footing.
''The French have a very pretentious character.
He helped transform the Episcopal church from a largely patrician province of the upper middle class to a church that includes and increasingly cares for minorities and the poor.
When we meet him in 1985, Tucker (John Braden) is insane, a result of an unexplained accident.
Plumbing, on the other hand, leaves something, particularly hot water, to be desired.
In one measure of how housing values soared earlier in the decade, the National Association of Realtors, a trade group, said the median selling price of a single-family house in the New York metropolitan area increased by more than 150 percent between 1982 and the beginning of 1988, to $183,500 from $70,500.
But its president, William Stevens, stopped short of promising to do anything the Government asks.
Driving cattle from range to railhead, did not encourage permanence or materialism, so there are fewer relics left from the real cowboy culture than from the one invented by Hollywood.
The Chrysler Corporation said that beginning Saturday it would increase cash rebates on certain 1988, 1989 and 1990 models to as much as $2,500.
It's log-rolling: ''I'll support your missile if you'll support my missile.''
The version with shrimp, tomatoes and onions tasted as if the rice had been cooked separately and then tossed with some (nearly raw) shrimp.
This energy source is not that of a nuclear reactor, in which atoms are actively broken apart, but rather a kind of nuclear battery that uses natural radioactive decay to produce power.
Mr. Lattanzi had to replace dishes, pots, pans, glasses and silverware, since it is not kosher to use the same kitchenware for meat and for dairy.
The theater houses a ride through movie history as depicted by life-size animated figures.
Easier said than done - the Russians are after him, the Americans are after him, the Mafia is after him and the President of the United States himself sanctions his assassination.
There are crooks in any kind of business, and I would like to think that most mechanics are honest, but I know that's not the case.
Where and when do differences between men and women begin - the ones that result in aptitude-test disparities and battles over relative ability in the sciences and verbal fields?
Outings If the weather is right, don't miss the 30-minute trip up the 2,815-foot-high Gurten on the city's southern outskirts by No.
Wesley W. Horton, a Hartford lawyer representing the plaintiffs, acknowledged that the State Constitution does not specifically guarantee students the right to attend nonsegregated schools.
The mayor's response to the borough presidents' proposals and the revised Plan would be a public document and would be delivered to a new 11-member Land Use Commission, the borough presidents and the public.
Then it became a slow death for the Bears.
For example: Beverly Hills in California, Scarsdale in New York, Bloomfield Hills in Michigan, McLean in Virginia and Lake Forest in Illinois are all Blue-Blood Estates clusters, and their residents tend to spend much more money on Rolls Royces, Jaguars and United States Treasury notes than do average Americans.
But with so many people idled by the Bell Telephone strikes this month, the August nonfarm employment statistics will be greatly distorted and largely useless as an economic indicator.
One exotic approach to the task of turning an electric signal into sound is the so-called ribbon loudspeaker.
Mr. Glover -the teen-age sensation of the revue ''Black and Blue,'' whipped the audience into a frenzy.
The West Bank, at the same time, was quiet today.
They also question the integrity of a panel appointed by T.A.C.
The company said it hopes to obtain a deadline extension from New World, so it can find another way to raise the money.
The male inmates of ''Welcome to the Club'' are a demographic cross section of cliches: a henpecked middle-aged Jewish pharmacist (Avery Schreiber), a sensitive young writer (Scott Wentworth), a black insurance salesman (Samuel E. Wright) and a yuppie in suspenders (Scott Waara).
OKLAHOMA 111, SAM HOUSTON STATE 66 NORMAN, Okla. (AP) - Tony Martin scored a career-high 40 points, leading Oklahoma (11-1) to its ninth consecutive game with 100 or more points.
It was at that meeting that Mr. Grant informed American Continental that Arthur Young would no longer be the company's auditor.
By effectively depriving the Planning Commission of final decision-making power on any matter that localities wish to challenge -such as special permits for bulk or setback waivers, or certain transfers of development rights - the revision seems to assure local sway over land-use decisions to a degree it never had.
Charles R. Schuler remembers the female applicant who responded: ''Smith, Barbara, Ann, yes.''
It will be marketed market as Eminase.
Had Mr. Sarney led a successful government, political experts say, the resulting prestige would not only have assured him an important place in modern Brazilian history, but it would also have helped him to elect a like-minded centrist or conservative successor in November's polls.
''It's sad,'' said a young woman at the television station, one of those who held the building through the first crucial days when the broadcasts carried the revolution.
His father called to discuss the momentous event.
Next month, however, Bass P.L.C., a British holding company, will assume control of the Crowne Plaza division, while a new corporate entity, the Promise Companies, will take over the Embassy Suites and Hampton Inns divisions.
As Cecily, John's ward, exclaims: ''It is only the superficial qualities that last.''
Competing With China Within the industry, the big worry is that the Government may undercut these efforts by letting foreign rivals, in particular the Soviets and Chinese, launch Western payloads.
Donald W. Odell, legal counsel for the Eastern Sierra Environmental & Water Conservation Association, says the plan gives Los Angeles the right to pump more water, restrained only by an ''outrageous'' plan to monitor the little vegetation that remains in this ''wasteland.''
Drawing himself up in his spare, sparkling midtown Manhattan office, he chuckled about the rocky days.
and address needed economic reforms, credits, management and training initiatives, social safety nets, housing and other issues important to Poland.
''You just can't go up there and take a pitch,'' Hernandez said.
But some Republicans said today that passage of the anti-desecration statute had taken some of the pressure off Mr. Bush, who took a middle ground by saying he did not like the measure but would allow it to become law without his signature.
We wear sunscreen lotion and sit under umbrellas in the noonday sun.
''They're doing very well in the tests so far,'' said Ron Bauman, a spokesman for the Illinois Department of Transportation.
Several months ago, 16,000 tons of radioactive material, including thorium and radium, were discovered at the site of the abandoned Li Tungsten plant.
''I think that these three films, one after the other, are different faces of a similar problem, and the problem is the challenge of history and the response of the human character,'' Mr. Szabo went on.
Opponents in Westchester also express concern about the effect on their surroundings.
And if the satire sometimes strains for effect, the straight-on social observation is always devastating.
He would not give his name.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Sigma-Aldrich Corp (OTC) Qtr to March 31 1989 1988 Sales 104,443,000 93,148,000 Net inc 15,801,000 13,854,000 Share earns .64 .56 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Lisa Szubin, the daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Zvi H. Szubin of Teaneck, N.J., was married yesterday to Jay Katzman, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Katzman of Flushing, Queens, and Westport, Conn.
A former courtyard off Buchanan Street, part of what was until a year ago a collection of mostly dilapidated backstreet buildings, has been transformed into Princes Square, a $30 million, 70,000-square-foot development of designer boutiques and other emporiums for the upwardly mobile.
As was the case in the similarly imaginative yet chilly ''Dream'' Mark Lamos directed at the Hartford Stage last year, Mr. Ciulei seems to relegate his skilled performers to the role of cogs rather than use them as full collaborators in his vision.
After a shaky start under Daly, the Tigers have regained the form that makes them a serious contender for the national championship.
New Mood of Defiance With the number of students occupying the square slipping steadily, student leaders on Saturday had called for a retreat to the university campuses.
The more caffeine consumed, the more calories were used up.
Price range: Appetizers $7.95 to $10.50, main courses $14.95 to $21.95.
Robert E. Manning, had declined to explain the reason for the demands, which were first made 18 months ago.
He got up off the canvas and ended up beating Tillis and Ferguson.
She gestures to the riverbank, dotted with beer cans, which she says she pays her two children to pick up.
The students were offended that the man who devised the Bush campaign's Willie Horton strategy - the prison furlough ads that seemed to appeal to white racist fears - had been named to the board of a famous black university.
Child development experts also question the impact on such young children of even good group homes.
* At the Charleston Navy Yard in Massachusetts, a hospital recently moved its biomedical research center into a 300,000-square-foot building that was previously used for storing ships.
Goldman, Sachs & Co. Texaco Capital, $200 million in notes, due 1999, guaranteed by Texaco Inc., NR/A-2/A.
Today at 4, the music list includes Chopin, Dvorak, Shostakovich, Liszt and Rimsky-Korsakov.
In addition, kidney stones in the lower ureter, below the waist, are difficult to treat through lithotripsy.
Mr. Goldin proposed that the city shift half its fleet of vehicles to cleaner-burning fuels like methanol and compressed natural gas by 1997; change the way most sewage is handled in all boroughs except Manhattan; take stronger action to clean up waterways like the Bronx River and the Flushing River, and expand special lanes and toll discounts for car pools.
The fire engine-red lenses sell in commercial quantities for 15 cents a pair.
He is also head of state and chairman of the National Defense Council.
Both averages remain at all-time highs.
''I've never seen a college game sell out so quick,'' he said.
(AP) FIGURE SKATING Trenary Takes Lead: Jill Trenary of the United States moved into the lead of the women's individual competition at the world championships.
Scott Sanderson (9-6) won his third consecutive decision, striking out three and walking none.
The Valley National Bancorp, which operates in northeastern New Jersey, is 61 years old and has never had a year in which it made less money than in the previous year.
But unless the interest rate is lower than for traditional 30-year financing, a borrower would be wiser to opt for a 30-year term and accelerate the principal payments as rapidly as personal preference and financial resources allow.
The findings, which conflict with Mr. Shamir's policy, were that the Palestinian uprising could not be brought to an end in the near future and the Government could find a political solution only if it agreed to talk with the Palestine Liberation Organization.
Most of the concern centered on the rise in availability of cocaine.
''Knuckle cracking is apparently innocuous except for being obnoxious,'' he said, and the joint that is usually cracked, the one between the hand and the finger, is typically spared from wear-and-tear arthritis, or ostearthritis.
'All's Not Well' But Richard Lipsky, the director of Empire State Beer, a distributor that buys Anheuser brands from myriad wholesalers, feels Anheuser is trying to stamp out the spirited competition among Anheuser wholesalers in the New York market - distributors frequently bring beer in from other areas to get the lowest possible price - and thereby push beer prices higher.
But recent alarm over smog, gang violence, traffic, and housing costs appears to have accelerated the trend.
He doesn't like to sit around.
The range is eclectic, from the very first game played in the National Basketball Association - in Toronto, yet, where Ossie Schectman of the Knicks scored the first 2 points - to this year's earthquake-delayed World Series.
''Europe is our fate and our hope.
Across California, farmers are counting bugs in the field and spraying insecticides only when insect populations reach threatening levels.
Reservations for cars with phones (800-331-1084) should be made 48 hours in advance.
Later, he represented Arkady N. Shevchenko, Undersecretary General of the United Nations and the highest-ranking Soviet ever to defect, in Shevchenko's rather stormy dealings with New York publishers over his memoirs.
He walks the reader through the vet's annual visit when the cattle are vaccinated and the males are castrated.
Her father retired as a partner in the New York law firm of Kroll & Tract.
The main charges Mr. Wright faces are of accepting improper gifts from a Forth Worth developer and of using the publication of his book as a ''scheme to evade'' the House limitations on outside income.
Box 6225, Boca Raton, Fla. 33427.
He says with some irony: ''In its pursuit of capitalism, Japan has achieved the goals of the ideal socialist state: classless, virtually without unemployment, with equal access to jobs for all.''
One collector, thinking to avoid the middleman, made a direct purchase of stamps from Ciskei without a hitch.
* Include spouses of children as well as children in family discussions.
''Based on what we know about the machine achieving peak speeds, it's not a well-balanced machine,'' he added.
The most urgent threat to the nation's food supply is not pesticides or chemical additives, according to many experts.
But it said the affairs of the union, its leadership and organizational structure would be decided by the members themselves ''in democratic fashion.''
Yesterday: The Liberal Democrats are badly defeated in voting for the upper house of Parliament.
''Many of the bedrooms and environments I'm asked to build for kids are usually rooms that Mommy and Daddy wish they had but never did.
Mr. Dahl writes clearly and effectively, keeping technical jargon to a minimum, so that he is accessible to the educated lay reader.
Turn off the heat, remove the shrimps and beans from the wok and serve immediately with cooked rice.
''I don't see another way to raise the authority of the party,'' he said.
Since arginine and other amino acid supplements are sold in milligram amounts, an athlete would have to take a whole bottle of amino acids at once, at about $10 a bottle, to obtain an effective dose.
Chez Louis ** (Feb. 13, 1987), 1016 Second Avenue, at 54th Street (212-752-1400) - Bring a healthy appetite to Chez Louis, a comfortable bistro where the kitchen emphasizes roasting and portions are hefty.
The settlement was a relief to Bud G. Holman, the lawyer who led Carbide's defense.
In a bowl, mix together the flour and salt.
If the artist is not familiar to certain prospective buyers, just about everyone has heard of the Medici.
The Flyers remained 4 points behind third-place Pittsburgh as they equaled their worst loss of the season, a 6-1 defeat against Los Angeles on Nov. 22.
Mr. Acello said, ''I find it fascinating.
''In fact, I think you must tell your readers to give it to their fathers.''
Gregg Olson got the final out for his 10th save.
''I thought you had surrounded me with people of your opinion,'' Louis XVI said to Lafayette when he was brought back from Varennes to Paris, from which he had fled, ''but I see I was wrong.''
Natasha Richardson is ''absolutely smashing'' in the title role.
Initially written as one half of the double bill entitled ''In Praise of Love,'' the play was excised before the work was presented on Broadway in 1974.
He told a Kennedy Administration official in 1961 that Adlai Stevenson was a ''notorious homosexual.''
As a result, the radar used to monitor the Exxon tanker was not powerful enough to show that she was on a collision course with Bligh Reef, a well-known hazard in these waters at least two miles east of where the ship should have been.
''I will try hard to be a President of all the people,'' Mr. Bush declared.
Despite the restuarant's dramatic two-tier dining room, the decor is monotonous and drab: beige or mirrored walls with dark-green carpeting.
''I said that she might find a problem,'' Mr. Wendel continued.
We've repeatedly found that, despite difficult conditions, the majority of teachers and other staff members work hard and are genuinely devoted to the kids they are trying to help.
As I see it, the day I decided to disturb the soil, I undertook an obligation to weed.
''And they all drink black coffee.
Like most Americans and Israelis I hope some way can be found to put Israel's plan into operation.
In this autobiography, written with his wife, Patti Ann, who was pregnant at the time of the shooting, and the journalist E. J. Kahn 3d, Officer McDonald, a devout Roman Catholic, recalls his last words as he blacked out were ''God, don't let me die.''
''But you have to be competitive right now, too.
The beginnings of our lives are likely to be the most interesting part, aren't they?
Generalizing, it's the wine sippers being sneered at by the beer crowd, aging fogies arm-wrestling with youngish hipsters, and, in a very practical sense, the industry haves as opposed to the have-nots, who are suddenly demanding - and getting -a much bigger slab of the ratings pie.
Car horns sound throughout the city, army cordons disappeared from the streets and squares.
Any remaining CBS bets on its Tiffany image, which Mr. Stringer admitted was born of a network-wide sense of arrogance, are now long gone.
He served as the California Attorney General from 1970 to 1978.
The proposed design is a cross between the Chrysler Building in midtown Manhattan and a space rocket, and it would rise 1,914 feet from a lot in the Loop where a pizza place and a fast-food Chinese restaurant are now.
And as economic interactions grow more complicated and publicly used resources grow more scarce, the potential for damage increases.
Mr. Gorbachev's visit to the atomic plant came on the fourth day of a trip through the Ukraine designed to drum up political support for his program in the second largest Soviet republic.
Yet it's often hard to discern where he stands.
But state officials said they were complying with the Federal law that requires rehabilitation programs to prepare disabled people for ''suitable employment.''
President Bush's speech today on United States relations with Europe was the third of four major foreign policy addresses that he planned before the North Atlantic Treaty Organization summit meeting on May 29-30 in Brussels.
Samuel K. Skinner, the Secretary of Transportation, sent a letter on June 13 to the presidents of 28 commercial air carriers, expressing concern about the buying and selling of international routes, which are granted to airlines by the Government.
The Prime Minister's principal task is the management of the economy, insofar as this country's largely state-owned system of enterprise is susceptible to central management.
Generations later, during the Presidency of Andrew Jackson, it was sold to Justis Nelson, whose family farmed the property until World War I.
''It used to be a terrible place,'' said Bernard Leroy, the owner of Bernard's, a nearby restaurant.
Indeed, that is pretty much the way things are set up in ''Symptoms.''
Candidates of the far right won six Stuttgart city council seats and received more than 10 percent of the vote in several other municipal elections in the southern state of Baden-Wurttemberg, officials said today.
In a first for the space program, a woman, Lisa Malone, will be doing the countdown commentary.
''Let's see how the President's position evolves.''
Like most settlements, the community has no perimeter fence, and most residents do not think one necessary.
Dr. Selman did note that it was he who coaxed his wife into the sport.
''When two guys come from Germany with absolutely nothing, it's a great thing to have your name in lights at the Radio City Music Hall, don't you think?''
Dr. MacDonald, a former Army captain convicted of killing his family, had sued for breach of contract.
Questioned for Many Years The Presque Isle project has been questioned in professional circles for many years but has never encountered organized opposition.
''It was very well done in an incredibly difficult market,'' said Marc A. Utay, a first vice president.
''Most likely, they were fooling around with the gun,'' Mr. Appelbaum said.
Both companies came up with fairly inoffensive indoor antennas shaped like slender obelisks about 16 inches tall.
Mr. D'Amato is a Republican; Mr. Brodsky says he votes Democrat.
Remembering that Rasheem grew up in New York City and was unlikely to be traumatized by a hundred feet of residential Westport at night, Mrs. Wacker let him go.
Samuel G. Freedman is right; teachers and administrators do work long hours in buildings that are often crumbling from within and under siege by lawless elements from without (''Snapshots of Hope and Hopelessness,'' Sept. 17).
The contestants' acts also went over best when they stuck to self-deprecating humor and steered clear of jokes even remotely connected to the accounting profession.
Pauley: You spotted a monitoring ship in port, and a submarine and you followed it, assuming that they were going to try to complete that performance evaluation, and it was your objective to disrupt it, correct?
Everyone denies doctoring the track for Easy Goer's benefit, but it is an astounding coincidence that it was producing such bizarrely fast times on precisely the day that he showed up to race.
Another favorite appetizer is pelmeni ($12; prices based on 4 Finnish marks to the dollar), a ravioli-type dumpling served in the winter in Siberia that's usually stored frozen in the snow in its native land.
Even before that, Ms. Lubin's independence of mind was set.
The 28-year-old playwright, a 1983 Syracuse University graduate, already has a second play in the works, ''Making Movies,'' a longer version of a work first presented last year at the West Bank Downstairs Theater Bar.
The famous grin - wolfish or puckish, depending on one's view - is still there.
B3 News analysis: an imperial mayor is a feared result of a revised New York City government, but checks on mayoral power have been proposed by the Charter Revision Commission's chairman.
He was also disciplined for beating a handcuffed prisoner.
''I'd love to meet Fidel Castro.
- L. D., New York, N.Y. A.
The discussions, said the bank's recently appointed president, Enrique V. Iglesias, former Foreign Minister of Uruguay, were ''highly constructive and marked by a willingness to compromise.''
News of it came to light only when Mr. Khalaf said in an interview with the Kuwaiti press agency on Wednesday that he had twice met with Ambassador Pelletreau in Tunis, most recently on Monday.
Last November, Mr. Iacocca shuffled Chrysler's top management, abolishing a five-man corporate executive committee and consolidating Gerald Greenwald's position as Mr. Iacocca's apparent successor.
It wasn't until several months ago, when as a last resort her doctors replaced the bacteria-laden prosthesis with a new one, that the infection finally went away.
The tenant gets the apartment free, which is to say that none of the rent is used to pay off the construction cost.
Kontos, signed as a free agent March 7, sent a backhand shot over Grant Fuhr's right shoulder 8 minutes 29 seconds into the third period after taking a pass from Wayne Gretzky, who recorded his eighth assist and 10th point of the series.
Many games have been played this way since the original Karl Schlechter-Akiba Rubinstein encounter in Prague 1908; White has won infrequently as against many draws for Black.
Does he have complete freedom then?
The net income figures represented net investment income.
The main elements are these: * All pesticides and herbicides known to cause cancer or reproductive harm would have to be phased out by 1996.
Yet, the judgment on the new President is too harsh.
In both, the emergence of a society whose civic activities are not subject to effective Communist control will continue to narrow the scope of arbitrary political power and prompt the resurrection of an authentic political life, as we can see with particular clarity in Poland.
It wasn't painful; it's arthritic, and it got progressively worse.''
The delicious assortment includes speculaas, a traditional crisp spice cookie topped with almonds; albimaids, two oval sugar cookies that were named by a baker in Albany at the turn of the century; a sweet pretzel, actually delicate puff pastry in a pretzel shape, and a Half Moon shortbread cookie named for Henry Hudson's ship.
There was talk that The Courant wanted to challenge The Boston Globe as the dominant paper of New England.
Each flag, however, is a copy, although without any specific original.
In 41 percent of communities in Monmouth and Ocean Counties, housing costs grew two to four times faster than income.
Even then, ''the energy in the tank occupies about five times the volume of gasoline,'' Dr. Durbin said.
''He's counting on the other two Democrats to do that,'' said Mr. Mandelker.
The scheme failed to stop either Scott (29 points) or Oliver (15) and it also opened the door for Anderson, who has spin moves galore and loves to dart into the lane and pop his left-handed jumper in traffic.
Several editors at Money also say they are disappointed by what has happened.
This should prove the point that I'm serious and totally dedicated about my skating.''
Prosecutor's Plea The issue of a district attorney's running for another office without first resigning his quasi-judicial position was raised again yesterday, when campaign aides of Frank J. Macchiarola questioned the propriety of a fund-raising letter by District Attorney Elizabeth Holtzman of Brooklyn.
But the school's principal, Sidney Morison, said, ''Children were moving into English and doing well, but they weren't using their Spanish much.''
Gail M. Dudack, institutional analyst, S. G. Warburg & Company: To some extent, Wall Street has its own approach to professionalism, and there seems to be an unwritten rule that pants are not professional.
''This is a march against fear,'' said Lewis Myers, a civil rights lawyer who organized the protest.
Toll-Free Number For example, he said, the grant will finance creation of a consumer-service office with a toll-free telephone line in the State Department on Aging.
Comparing notes at a makeshift command center in a local restaurant, some investigators charged that ill-informed social and political pressures had obstructed action at the time when it was most needed.
Served in the Army .
During a break in discussions, Mr. Bentkowski, who wears the green clover logo of his party on his lapel, said that ''not all the deputies, but a good part of them'' would refuse to vote for General Kiszczak if it came to a vote.
On a year-over-year basis, the Administration is predicting 3.2 percent growth in both 1989 and 1990, compared with a forecast of 2.9 percent and 2.1 percent by the Congressional Budget Office and a Blue Chip consensus of 2.7 percent and 1.7 percent for the two years.
But because of the complexities involved, those who want to avail themselves of the opportunity should begin working on it immediately.
A British woman commented that wherever she went here, she was treated like a member of the ruling class.
Ms. Kelly said there were many other laws that could be targets because they were unfair to people who could not afford the legal formalities of divorce or who were raising children who were not their own.
Jack Kirkland was so furious at Richard Watts's review of his adaptation of John Steinbeck's ''Tortilla Flat'' (in 1938) that he punched the critic.
''That's not Jimmy,'' said Joyce Davis, a friend who still uses Mr. Lloyd's childhood nickname.
It would be fascinating to hear K. 522 performed exactly this way sometime under the Kochel number of another Mozart divertimento.
Yesterday and today, the team was starting to show signs of getting their heads back into thinking about baseball.
One man stands out among her affectionately remembered partners.
The new center, at the corner of 43d Street and 37th Avenue, just off Northern Boulevard, will be the largest nonfood shopping center developed so far in Long Island City and one of the biggest that Queens has seen in recent years.
Also, San Antonio is the state's biggest tourist destination.
Place them in the saucepan, adding a little more water if necessary, so they are just covered with the syrup.
For those unfamiliar with the comedian, ''Sid Caesar and Company'' will offer more than an inkling of his genius.
A police spokesman said that a witness recognized Mr. Carrero as Mr. Bate's assailant and called the police.
Like humans, animals have different blood types, and cat blood is different from dog blood.
''Once the leaves come off the trees, you'll notice a lot more - the miscellaneous trash bags, the major appliances,'' he said.
Green could not hide his displeasure, either.
''We have customers who are apple growers who now have a severe marketing problem,'' he said.
The spirit of thrust, bipartisanship, and common purpose expressed in this Accord between the Executive and the Congress shall continue to be the foundation for its full implementation and the achievement of democracy, security, and peace in Central America.
''It's quite another to use them to compare institutions or systems.
Hills, the United States Trade Representative, finds the idea of managed trade repugnant, she has a number of outside advisers, principally from the business community, who argue that the closed nature of Japan's economy thwarts classical free-trade solutions for correcting trade imbalances.
She was complaining about the inconvenience of being temporarily evicted from her home to make room for a construction crew.
In his finest novels, of course, Faulkner would succeed in wedding these two impulses - he would use an arsenal of avant-garde techniques (nonlinear narration, abstraction of character and place, shifting points of view) to limn the irrationalities of history, to show America's sad but ineluctable loss of its Edenic past.
But the monks, who have forsworn worldly games for a life of ascetic days that begin with prayer at 3 A.M., have another concern.
Leaders of both parties agreed in their final comments on the bill that the tougher job - and the greater likelihood of a major tax increase - was still ahead in coming weeks as next year's budget takes over the agenda.
Vietnam and the Soviet Union appeared ready to allow Prince Sihanouk to share power with Mr. Hun Sen, but are not willing to go along with the proposal by the United States that the Vietnamese-backed Government be removed altogether and that elections be allowed to determine who governs Cambodia.
Phillies Plummet The Yankees, though, did not experience the steepest plunge, despite their drop of eight places and 21 percent.
Each transceiver, as the name suggests, can transmit and receive computer information by converting it to and from infrared pulses.
On Sunday, the Corner Store Dance Company will present ''The Day I Had a Cold,'' a modern-dance program of stories, poems, props and songs for preschool and elementary-school children at the Ansche Chesed Synagogue, West End Avenue at 100th Street.
So, we were launched on a very high level.''
San Francisco: Harper & Row.
Sam, wearing the schtreimel that is reserved for Sabbaths and holidays, had another reason for backing Mr. Dinkins, one that some politicians says is crucial to the hard-headed political reasoning of the Satmars.
Tristan Tzara started assembling the 476 volumes beginning in 1918 when he left his native Rumania and went to Zurich, where he helped found the Dada movement.
Unrest has been growing in Moldavia in the last year with a series of protest strikes called by the Russian minority over legislation making Moldavian the republic's official language.
Then, to everyone's surprise, the weather improved and a hot sun shone on the grapes all through September.
The new service will be provided by Diamond Inc., a large Japanese publisher, and the Sumitomo Corporation of America.
The most extensive section dealt with the future of Cambodia, on which the two nations failed to overcome their remaining differences.
Born into the civic-minded Beecher clan in 1860, a great-niece of Harriet Beecher Stowe and Catharine Beecher, she learned watercoloring from the former and an environmental hearth-centered outlook from the latter.
But he noted that the success of the Rikers plan hinged ''upon the city committing additional resources to the Probation Department to speed up production of presentence reports, and to the Legal Aid Society and the district attorneys to add attorneys to cover the special sentencing courts without taking attorneys away from the rest of the court system.''
Japanese manufacturers see quality as existing on three levels: expected quality, like a car that starts in the morning; performance quality, perhaps the smoothness of a ride, and unexpected quality, which is something that surprises and pleases a buyer.
In the first public report on the operation, Dr. Curt Freed said that Don Nelson, a 52-year-old Denver man who has had Parkinson's for 20 years, ''can walk 50 percent faster and is getting a better response to a smaller amount of drugs.''
Auto Racing Close Finish at Daytona: Porsche regained its hold on the Daytona 24 Hours yesterday as Derek Bell of Britain, Bob Wollek of France and John Andretti of the United States won the closest finish in the 22-year history of the race.
''We've had guys hitting who aren't guys who are going to carry a club,'' said Magadan, who has hit in seven games in a row.
Various Approaches Used The material has been collected in different ways.
A last-place team doesn't have the luxury of self-confidence, nor can it waver from its prescribed game plan.
Jessica Levy, its producer, said she would have preferred to produce the show Off Broadway, but there were no appropriate houses available.
For New Yorkers who want to hear live rock, the map has changed radically in recent months - it's definitely time to toss out the old guidebook.
NEW ENGLAND (AFC) - Signed Ed Reynolds, linebacker, to a three-year contract.
But against this backdrop, the characters of ''Foxtrot'' seem disappointingly flat.
The Mets won those four games and their next outing, against the Giants on Tuesday, without scoring more than three runs.
responds to Unita's call for genuine national reconciliation.
The First Boston Corporation extended a $500 million loan in the form of notes and bridge loans.
AS THE FIRST WEEKS OF November passed, the riddle remained unsolved.
With rare exceptions you will discover that it will take several months before he or she is comfortable using it.
(A sure clue Publishers Clearing House hasn't yet reached Moscow.)
''What do people do during carnival - they dress up as kings and queens,'' said the royal descendant, whose business card carries the title ''Prince.''
Too much as far as Barkley was concerned.
Government departments have been ordered to stop buying furniture, vehicles and land.
Air-conditioning, if any, rarely works, for example.
''You can either trust the industry and wait until the scientific dust settles, or you can decide that it is better to be safe than sorry.''
''And who's fault is that?''
The two sides must reconcile their views, he said, ''so as to preserve our environmental heritage without impairing our common right to develop.''
The Securities and Exchange Commission harshly criticized him and Mr. Beame, who was Mayor at the time, for their roles in the fiscal crisis.
As governor, Mr. Florio and Mr. Courter said they would press for increased arrests and expansions of jails, prisons, education and and treatment.
''Finishing second could offer some confidence about how they're running the company.''
Mr. Hamelin began with his own Prelude and Fugue in A flat minor, an interesting, densely chromatic piece (key signature notwithstanding) that held firmly to the bounds of the Baroque form for which it was named.
Season with salt and pepper.
Mr. Ravitch said the next mayor must ''lead the fight for a change in reimbursement formulas'' and warned that if these formulas were not ''adjusted to reflect the realities of the costs to the health-care system, this crisis will overwhelm every other crisis the city faces.''
Political Expediency Cited The legislation sets spending limits for military programs for the fiscal year that began Oct. 1.
To the Editor: Anthony Lewis writes: ''South Africa cannot find peace or prosperity in the white supremacist model, and Mr. Botha knows it.
When tripping the circuit breaker or removing the fuse, note whether it is stamped with a 15-amp rating or a 20-amp rating.
(She is the only one in the house who speaks English.)
Paul Freedenberg, the Under Secretary for Export Administration, said China's $370 billion economy needed basic technology to meet its development needs and market objectives.
We never do enough about any country that is responsible for human rights abuses until these abuses are brought to an end.
When the power of the state is such that the only avenue for change is rebellion or revolution, civil society must seek strength in a community of resistance so as not to create a new structure of repressive power.
c-Net loss The company said during the first 9 months of fiscal 1989 $300,000 in notes were converted from debt to equity.
It 'Flies Very Well' Investigators initially said that the crash may have resulted from a fire in one engine and the crew mistakenly shutting down the other engine.
''The most appropriate action was to abort the operation.''
This is a star game, this is show time.
The model or performer must be contacted to ascertain that he or she was at least 18 years old at the time the photograph or film was made.
The 16-day, escorted tour is from Chicago and back and costs $1,995 a person, double occupancy, including hotels, some meals, sightseeing and a roomette for the two nights spent on Mexican trains.
Lawrenceville School, the prominent, private boarding academy near Princeton, N.J., was accused in a lawsuit yesterday of being responsible for the alcohol and drug abuse of a former student.
The intifada is in its third year.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Hadco Corp. (OTC) Qtr to April 29 1989 1988 Sales 40,600,000 37,971,000 Net inc 1,657,000 1,778,000 Share earns .14 .14 Shares outst 11,962,022 12,538,603 6mo sales 72,202,000 71,819,000 Net inc 94,000 2,708,000 Share earns .01 .22 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
''Those birds are really something,'' he said.
''I thought I'd turned my life around until I began to realize that my life turned me around,'' she said.
The changes came after nearly a year of market research by the Richards Group that provided the wellspring for the Bodett campaign, which started late in 1986.
His father is the director of development for the Harvard Medical School.
The Department of Housing and Urban Development announced today that it had overhauled a low-income housing program that its senior agency officials have said was riddled with political abuse and mismanagement.
Mr. Whitmore said the company, which is best known for its photographic film in yellow boxes, had gone too far afield in developing new lines of business and in acquisitions.
The move comes at a time of improved relations with Pakistan and China, India's traditional adversaries.
The intern asked that he not be named, because the bank expects interns not to discuss specific projects with representatives of the press.
What are we going to call the decade after the decade of the Nineties?
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Utah Power & Light Co (NYSE) Qtr to Dec 31 1988 1987 Revenue 250,694,555 242,011,322 Net inc 35,001,028 39,551,702 Share earns .58 .66 12mo rev 1,027,917,394 982,796,701 Net inc 160,583,508 144,806,012 Share earns 2.67 2.39 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
But if there's a chance of his opening it when his girlfriend is around, fine!
''Run for Your Wife!,'' a comedy written and directed by Ray Cooney, closed after its Sunday matinee at the Virginia Theater, 245 West 52d Street.
I would suggest again, as I indicated, that the line has now been erased.
Edgar Heap of Birds speaks for American Indians with his wall filled by 15 sheets of paper scribbled in pastels with phrases such as ''Medicine Ways,'' ''Hard Indian'' and ''Deeds Not Demands.''
The Bronx Borough President, Fernando Ferrer, who stands to lose some power under the plan, said it was better than Mr. Schwarz's initial one.
''There's a lot of shooting and drugs - crack - here, too.''
Other blacks don't like him because he talks to the Government, though his insistence that Pretoria negotiate with everyone, including the congress, without preconditions, would hardly make him a collaborator.
When a rumor spreads - as it does several times a day - that the release of the five militants demanded in exchange for Miss Sayeed's freedom could be imminent, thousands of people gather quickly at any hour of the day or night.
Catching a live performance is thought to be cheaper than setting up studio sessions.
Given the vast diversity of Indonesia - an archipelago that stretches for 3,500 miles - Ms. Spertus and Mr. Holmgren decided to zero in on three regions with the most visually dynamic examples: the island of Sumba; Lampung, a district in southern Sumatra, and Toraja, on the island of Celebes.
LOUIS ALTMAN South Fallsburg, N.Y.
The result of our vote today is that we will not reconsider that prior opinion, even if most of the Justices think it is wrong, unless we have before us a statute that in fact contradicts it - and even then (under our newly discovered ''no-broader-than-necessary'' requirement) only minor problematical aspects of Roe will be reconsidered, unless one expects state legislatures to adopt provisions whose compliance with Roe cannot even be argued with a straight face.
It is a popular tourist attraction whose main street, called Duval, is dotted with bars and T-shirt shops.
What's more, the Edison ''Oh!
This implies a focus on programs that help the poor and middle class alike - jobs, universal health care, helping workers form unions, day care, parental leave, etc.
say the ambiguities and inconsistencies in its public statements reflect deep internal disagreements.
Today, the former chemist and inventor, who holds 20 patents, has an international audience eager to hear his answers.
Spray the area thoroughly with a hose to force the sand deeper into the cracks, then add more sand.
The Denver Post based its article on 36 reports of workers injured in ''unusual occurrences,'' through either their own negligence or inadequate safety procedures.
The novel is muddled at its core, because it dances around the crucial question of how Duncan and Megan judge their own past.
In an exchange with a witness, he suggested that Congress could not be trusted with secrets about Mr. North's activities.
After the assassination, the Philippine economy worsened so markedly that the nation was not able to keep pace with the payments due on loans from overseas.
Moreover, of 16 hardship appeals for demolition or alteration made to the commission over its 24 years of existence, only three have been denied, according to commission records given to the Charter Revision Commission.
The chairman, Frank Delaney, asked the audience to vote by a show of hands - and the book lovers decided that good literature was, indeed, too substantial to fit through the lens of a camera.
And Pentagon officials said military analysts were warning that it could take months just to put together a new police force and remake the Panamanian military into a force loyal to the new Government.
Unilever, which has made the boldest move into fragrances, rushed into the prestige segment this year.
Mr. Ludick says he hopes buyers will not disturb the chairs' clear plastic covering.
North-South pairs who reached four hearts received 10 par points for doing so.
The Blue Jays cannot talk with either man without receiving permission from their clubs.
* Ryder Systems Inc.'s collateral trust debenture rating has been reduced to A-2, from A-1 by Moody's Investors Service, which also lowered the rating on senior notes and bonds to A-3, from A-2.
In those years, Mr. Urban was often the most abhorred Pole in the Government's public-opinion polls.
''Run up and take a shower and wash your hair, too!''
Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley earned $108.3 million in the fourth quarter, or $4.25 a share, up from $31.4 million, or $1.16 a share, a year earlier.
If the nuns at Our Savior elementary school in the Bronx could see Sheelah Ryan now: being toasted with champagne on the deck of the yacht Trump Princess, talking about the hundred marriage proposals she has turned down, counting her millions.
The West German Foreign Minister, Hans-Dietrich Genscher, insists the zero option remains open.
Mr. Rollwagen said Cray was still considering offering for less than $1 million a departmental supercomputer that would work in tandem with the company's faster machines.
Mr. Lee, 39, resides in Hong Kong and has not returned to the United States since the case was filed last year.
It's the most important creative thing I ever learned.''
It's still possible to head for dim sum parlors in Chinatown on Sunday morning.
The bright spot is his race track.
Officials of the Trump Organization said yesterday that the transformation would begin shortly after midnight when workmen would start putting up temporary ''Trump'' signs in the terminal to cover the old Eastern signs.
Then wonderful swimming and diving, of course, and hiring a fishing boat to circle the island, stopping in secluded coves to swim or to explore grottoes that can only be approached from the sea; or sitting in a trattoria or a bar in the evening and chatting with the residents, a dignified but friendly people whose lives are entirely bound to the sea.
Thus pressed, the veteran Mr. King husbanded his tenor voice shrewdly and worked hard to suggest Vere's complicated personality.
He released a letter from a former Republican House member, Harold S. Sawyer of Michigan, who served on the committee that drafted the ethics code under which Mr. Wright is charged.
''Italian Etchers'' presents its subject in many different guises and during different phases in its evolution, beginning with the early 16th-century prints by Marcantonio Raimondi and Parmigianino that were among the first etchings ever made, through the works done in the 17th century in cities like Naples and Genoa and Florence, each of which fostered its own particular school.
Mr. Crawford stuck around officially until almost the end of last season, and has been dropping in a day or two a week since then to help run things.
Alan Hermesch, the Howard University spokesman, said that the decision by Mr. Cheek, who is 56 years old, to retire was not connected with the student protests.
And the whole affair breathes a sensitivity to the music and to Boito's intentions that is rare on the operatic stage with any style of production.
I was all set to go to the nearest welfare agency when my mom suggested I visit my social worker.
''In a global economy, Americans have to recognize that there is going to be a significant segment of the U.S. financial market owned and operated by non-domestic institutions, just like American firms own and operate significant businesses in other countries,'' Mr. Uhlick added.
As we develop that kind of attitude, our manufacturing processes will improve, there will be more pride in what we produce and people will be more oriented to buying jewelry that fits into their overall wardrobes, not just buying it because it's big.
Mr. Barnwell, the principal at Public School 53 for 16 years, was arrested after police officers said they saw him buy two vials of crack on the corner of Amsterdam Avenue and 148th Street.
The 1986 audit found that 16 of 17 projects reviewed had housing that was ''not affordable to families under Title X guidelines.''
A ship named the Glomar Explorer, disguised as a research ship, was built over six years at the cost of $200 million.
With that triumph, Valley Victory justified his title as the trotting colt of the year in 1988.
Maria Calegari and Alexandre Proia moved as if in a dream.
Now a new explanation is becoming popular - the high cost of capital - and like the others, it provides some useful insights.
Vernon L. Riley, a congregation member who was raised as a Baptist in New York City, said he had attended various churches since moving to Vermont nearly 10 years ago, but none of them ''quite fit.''
She runs 50-60 miles a week and turned in a 4:50 in the Mercedes Mile down Fifth Avenue last fall, a race in which everyone runs forward.
The company will then take the production to New Haven for one night at the Shubert Theater, Feb. 25 at 8 P.M. (562-5666).
Last year some 45,000 people left, most of them for Canada, Australia and the United States.
A Self-Made Quagmire The United States has insisted that the Khmer Rouge be excluded from any future government, but many officials say Washington is caught in a policy trap because it is backing Prince Sihanouk, who has allied himself with the Khmer Rouge.
Repertory may be essential to the future of large jazz festivals like JVC-New York.
Ms. Riddle said that the report committee's interpretation of case law was that a broad policy did not constitute intent, which would-be victims would have to prove on a case-by-case basis.
Some people, the third type, want a simple checkbook and budget program that also has some advanced features, including invoicing and billing, credit card records and cash forecasting.
Car makers are taking creative risks with their advertising to break through the gridlock of car commercials.
After serving in the Armed Forces in Korea and Japan, he returned to Houston, where he worked as a reporter for The Houston Post.
The books are published by Whittle Communications, a Tennessee company that specializes in new forms of sponsored journalism, notably Channel One, the advertiser-supported in-school television news program that has stirred the ire of many educators.
Teresa and Thomas Quinn of Levittown, Pa., recently opened their four-bedroom home to two grown children, a daughter-in-law and four grandsons.
But considering the wind and the cold, he was never better than he was yesterday.
''It is a day we have fought for.''
The workers took the M.M.P.I.
; Bruno, of Jackson Heights, Queens; Joseph, of Roselle, N.J., and Charles, of Flushing, Queens; two sisters, Wanda Hicks and Clara Otto, both of Flushing, and two grandchildren.
's are well managed, neighbors raise few objections.
The rest of the 98 bench-style seats in Judge Gesell's courtroom were already taken by pass-holders doing daily duty at the North trial: 51 reporters, 8 sketch artists, 8 court employees, 11 associates of Mr. North, and other defendants in the Iran-contra criminal inquiry.
(Catbird Press, 44 North Sixth Avenue, Highland Park, N.J. 08904, $15.95.)
Japan has hinted that it is prepared to buy more American computer chips, supercomputers and telecommunications products.
Every school will be invited.
They played 55 games for the Olympic team, the equivalent of two college seasons, and are now ''different,'' said their coach.
Realizing this, the Japanese and most European countries find ways to limit globalization and to keep industry at home, said Clyde V. Prestowitz, a trade negotiator in the Reagan Administration and a frequent critic of the Japanese.
Lessons of the Coup Episode While maintaining that nothing he has learned since would have changed his decision not to involve American forces, the President conceded that ''I've learned'' from the coup episode.
Next the hams are rubbed with white pepper and go upstairs to the airy top story of the building to age for 12 months or more.
Then he said he would have a guy call me about a job in public relations.''
But I will stick with my view and I will - and if, indeed, innocent parties are threatened through the secondary boycott mechanism, I will move promptly with the Congress.
Said a teammate, ''I don't know who writes his script, but it was just perfect.''
''Churches are alive, they are not mausoleums, they are not museums, they are living entities that grow, that add space, build housing, change.''
In this case, the analyst said, McCaw is offering cash, and Lin and BellSouth are offering a long-term investment in the fast-growing cable industry.
''This is not casual justice.
Once I built a tower.
Not until the day before the race, she said, did she learn the distance would be only 10 kilometers.
Many victims are embarrassed, frightened or evasive, Ms. Reissig said.
Yesterday the former head of the Japanese telephone company was indicted in the case.
''When I was a kid,'' he said, ''I used to look at animals and wonder, how would that kitten sound if it could talk.
Squeeze on Profits Michael J. Geran, a stock analyst for Nikko Securities, has already cut his projection of second-quarter earnings for the International Business Machines Corporation by about 10 to 20 cents a share because of the stronger dollar.
The Court's emphasis in this case on safety-oriented Government regulation is likely to provide helpful support for the Government in some pending drug-testing challenges now in the lower courts.
One usually encounters such disapproval on streams where certain portions are set aside for fishing for fun, or no-kill.
Together, the networks currently hold 68 percent of the television audience during prime time, down from 80 percent only five years ago.
That Mr. North could be fairly tried without the disclosure of classified information.
There are time-honored artistic uses of quotation - as homage, apprenticeship, allusion, parody - and those uses still turn up today.
A band played show tunes and Mr. Takeshita shook hands, but just yards away Government officials openly speculated how long he would last.
This is a courageous book.
Iran backs the Party of God, a radical Shiite militia.
The Nets were also fortunate that Roy Hinson and Chris Morris were healthy enough to soar.
Says Walter C. Minnick, president of T J International, a manufacturer of windows and structural components with sales in excess of $300 million last year: ''I expect I'll meet most of the principal business figures in town over the course of any given 60 days - at the supermarket, on the golf course or down at the plant nursery.''
Thereafter, all children born on or after Jan. 1, 1985, who enter Grades 1 through 12 also will be required to show proof of receipt of two doses of measles vaccine.
By borrowing to help Merabank meet its Federal capital requirements, analysts said, Pinnacle West will increase its debt load to more than $1.2 billion, which could force it to suspend its dividend.
But he added that an outright repeal of the program ''would be a mistake.''
Add the shallots and garlic and cook until soft.
The officials did not return several phone calls today.
More than a year ago, when the new library was being planned, a local industrialist donated $400,000 for construction, asking that it be named for the Liberty as a memorial to her fallen sailors.
Even those of minnow proportions can have some influence.
Mr. Sayer's novel is about a group of psychiatric patients who cannot speak.
''Shirley Valentine'' opens on Broadway with its London star and London director, Simon Callow.
Before the civil marriage laws were adopted, for instance, a man could divorce his wife by uttering the phrase, ''I divorce you,'' three times.
'Adjustment,' Not Retreat But John P. Hardt, an expert on the Soviet economy at the Congressional Research Service, said Moscow should be seen as proceeding with an ambitious program of political and economic restructuring despite the deferral of price changes.
Silk, gold and silver thread, hemp, sisal and other materials are sometimes combined with the hand-dyed wool to create certain textures and effects.
That Mr. Foster achieves one of the best in recent years is his triumph and not a concession to the strange customs of the larger island.
The chairwoman of the Connecticut General Assembly's Environment Committee, Representative Mary M. Mushinsky of Wallingford, said that beginning Jan. 1, 1991, every resident and business will have to separate trash.
Testimony at the trial portrayed her as fabricating quotations and manufacturing dialogue.
If you want to know what is really hot in discotheques, supper clubs and other late-night entertainment, just ask Victor Rosen, chief of violations of New York City's tow services.
The current round-trip cost is $250 to $300 for most European locations.
But the trial judge, Gerhard A. Gesell, rejected Mr. North's claims, saying that he had failed to demonstrate that Mr. Reagan's papers or testimony would be relevant.
Reasonable people may differ on how best to expand economic opportunity for minorities and women, groups that traditionally are denied equal access to public contracts.
New flights continued to arrive even though the wind had overturned or blown away a third of the decoys.
And secondly, they must facilitate the release of American hostages.
Then the President went on an unannounced jog outside the Vasas Sports Club, a center operated by metal workers.
#8% of the Oil Is Recovered Taking charge of the cleanup is the one measure the President has steadfastly refused to consider.
The group had left its station in the northern Arabian Sea, just outside the Strait of Hormuz, which leads into the Persian Gulf.
This would be a time when children would be inventing Halloween costumes and dreaming about candy.
The success of ''pro juventute'' issues (''for youth'') led in 1952 to the ''pro patria'' series (''for the nation'') to raise funds for cultural affairs.
It was as if they had gotten involved in one of those bar-room arguments that suddenly erupts into a brawl.
Even there, they have put only a small dent in N.T.T.
There are environmentalists who would have the state buy more land and leave it untouched; tourists who want both easy access to the park and a pristine setting when they get here; foresters who make their living from the park's trees; developers looking for quick money; sportsmen who balk at restrictions on hunting and fishing, and full-time residents, who juggle a complex set of feelings about the land and their place on it.
In Chicago, Dr. Felix M. Padilla of De Paul University spent months with a gang whose members control the selling of cocaine.
Destabilization Feared The Soviet official, Vadim Perfilyev, was quoted as saying, ''Attempts to use the process of setting up a government to destabilize the country, to do any harm to Poland's obligations to its allies, the Warsaw Treaty included, and to Soviet-Polish cooperation, would not be conducive to stabilization in Europe.''
Mr. Jager, who described himself as an agnostic, said the organized prayers were an official establishment of religion and thus unconstitutional.
Already, some of the firm's investors, as well as industry experts, say they think the firm will have trouble raising as much money as it did in the past.
O.K., I'm over age and I puff like a steamboat if I run 20 feet for a bus, but think of the intrinsic beauty of my mind.
A note of caution: if the asbestos is powdering and flaking, it would be advisable to wear a special respirator when working on the pipes.
11 China says Taiwan is ''buying hearts'' abroad 10 U.S. eases Japanese trade stand 8 Cambodian rebels reported unable to seize state garrisons 9 Seoul renews bid for U.N. seat 15 The U.S. may make poison-gas arms after a treaty to phase out poison gas takes effect, officials said.
I LOVE eating out - especially out of the country.
''This would just close the door on my plans.''
Under Church Auspices Demonstrations take place in each of these towns as well as in many smaller ones.
The stake was sold to the Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation, the investment firm that helped A. Robert Abboud recapitalize First City in April 1988.
He is the president of Basketfulls and More, a gift company in Los Angeles.
It was Robert Bolt, the screenwriter with whom he collaborated on ''Lawrence of Arabia,'' ''Doctor Zhivago,'' ''Ryan's Daughter'' and an unsuccessful effort to make a movie about the mutiny on the Bounty, who interested Sir David in ''Nostromo.''
There is a six-month wait for large jobs.
Of these, about 80 are Russell paintings, 120 are Russell sculptures, 50 are Russell drawings and 27 are illustrated Russell letters.
Mr. Diori, who held power for 14 years until he was deposed in 1974, was one of the original leaders of postcolonial Africa.
WHY DID THE HEAVENS NOT DARKEN?
He had no points then but was on the ice for 30 minutes.
That means (1) the minority pro-life movement out-organized its opposition and infused its membership with a much greater moral urgency; and (2) the subject was not of such overriding concern as to make enough members of the majority switch their votes because of it.
And we can prove this.''
In recent weeks, Mr. Ceausescu has shown an increasing interest in improving the supply of food in Rumania, in what some people speculate is an attempt to appease the its citizens and avert the demands for changes sweeping the rest of Eastern Europe.
''Every place is dangerous,'' declares the elderly narrator of Susan Taylor Chehak's absolutely stunning first novel, THE STORY OF ANNIE D. (Houghton Mifflin, $17.95), about the small farming town of Wizen River, Neb., where she has lived all her life.
Not quite: Eleanor Roosevelt, the President's well-born wife, immediately resigned from the organization and other prominent citizens weighed in with expressions of dismay and outrage.
Kenneth Whitehead, Assistant Education Secretary for postsecondary education, said Superior misrepresented its courses eight years ago when it applied to participate in Federal student loan and grant programs.
And Aaron Shikler, whose suave renderings appeal to sophisticated tastes - and who regularly shows work unrelated to his portraits in an uptown Manhattan gallery - counts among his subjects of distinction (besides John and Jacqueline Kennedy and Ronald and Nancy Reagan) William S. Paley of CBS and Time Inc.'s Andrew Heiskell, the retired chairman, and Hedley Donovan, the former editor in chief.
In a 1988 survey by the Food Marketing Institute, a Washington-based trade organization, 95 percent of the 1,019 people questioned said they were concerned about chemical residues in their food; another 61 percent said they were seriously concerned about the routine use of antibiotics and hormones in raising meat and poultry.
The key issue of the day is the takeover of American markets by foreign-based companies.
* Bonus for winning the Triple Crown: $2.5 million.
Conventional Arms We are serious about achieving conventional arms reductions as well.
Today begins Victorian Week and the 16th year of Victorian celebrations here.
Who gets to stay with the baby?''
''Finally, we had broken psychologically from that.
b-Included a special charge of $2 million for the quarter and year.
It also sold $50 million in 182-day paper at an average rate of 7.962 percent, down from 7.986 percent.
In a statement issued in Beirut, the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine, a militant Palestinian group opposed to Yasir Arafat's leadership of the Palestine Liberation Organization, took responsibility for the attack The front said the raid was intended as a reprisal for Israeli air strikes in Lebanon last week that came after earlier infiltration attempts.
She said she was pleased that Congress and Mr. Bush had realized ''that I'm not going to relent'' and disclose the whereabouts of her daughter.
25, with John Nelson conducting the Orchestra of St. Luke's.
Congress has every reason to diminish subsidies for the well-to-do.
Continued efforts to reach Mr. Vitale by telephone for his comments were unsuccessful, and messages were not answered.
That's why the new rules proposed this week by the New York City Parks Department deserve a careful welcome, and approval.
Typically, Side A of a cassette would sound just fine, but after the machine had reversed itself and started playing Side B, the sound would be somewhat muffled.
In Dr. Zohman's test, the speed and steepness go up every minute until you are exercising as much as you can.
''The public won't perceive us as a Government handout organization.''
I suggest three alternatives: First, executives will be better leaders by giving their energies to the evaluation and management of corporate values.
I had even heard that he no longer wrote in Afrikaans, preferring English and occasionally French.
The former administrator of the New York office of the Department of Housing and Urban Development testified today that decisions he had made while running the office benefited the developers he went to work with immediately after leaving H.U.D.
This indicates, Ms. McNamara said, that many college graduates must think in terms of a master's degree if they want to advance in corporate jobs.
But in 1990, which looks like a good year for Warner television syndication income, he said Time is likely to earn $7.25 to $7.50 a share, or 50 cents more than he had been expecting.
The blocks are used to keep the plane from rolling while it is on the ground.
WITH MAJOR STARS like the Rolling Stones, Paul McCartney, Bob Dylan, the Grateful Dead and Elton John all scheduled for concert dates in New York this fall, the coming season in pop music is more heavily stocked than usual with rock legends.
But these were insignificant drawbacks to me.
Earlier Problems Recalled Mr. Dukakis softens when he talks of his wife, now in the fourth week of a residential treatment program in Rhode Island.
Lacha paratha and allo paratha were greasy and doughy, and the latter lacked its promised filling.
What are some of the convictions I found instructive underlying the Japanese educational system?
Even his most casual encounters with paper can exude an edgy yet sympathetic sense of both the comedy and profound discomfort of the human condition.
''If the building becomes smaller, there will be a proportionate reduction.''
Abdul Haq is the only major commander whose area is not his native province.
It's hard to see, after this episode, how he can overcome the high negatives that he shows in all the private polling.''
''I didn't want them to be sick.''
Fine, an economist at the Chase Manhattan Bank.
The F.B.I., which investigated the Conrad case with the Army and West German officials, is now investigating as many as five Army associates of Mr. Conrad who are believed to have assisted him, according to American officials and Sven Olof Hakansson, the Swedish prosecutor who handled the Kercsik case.
(''Lay off 60,'' she instructs me, ''because I'd rather drop it -everyone knows how old I am anyway.'')
By contrast, after the frenzied political maneuvering centered on the talks in early January between the rebels and Yuri M. Vorontsov, a First Deputy Foreign Minister and Ambassador to Afghanistan, the political atmosphere in Peshawar is remarkably quiet.
Despite 15 consecutive knockouts in his comeback after having been a Texas preacher and rancher for a decade, Foreman still needs to conquer a ranked contender in order to convince the boxing public that he deserves a title shot.
''many years'' and that they ''paid me a lot of money.''
The way Russians read poetry can fill any room with sound, even the vaulting four-story-high atrium of the University of the Arts, even in competition with a thunderstorm roaring above the opaque skylight.
Dallas (1-14) has the worst record but can't win the pick because it already used its 1990 No.
The snail's pace of the shooting was almost as intolerable to the actors as the dangerous liquid environment.
''The Dead'' (whose script was adapted from James Joyce's story by John's oldest son, Tony) was a kind of crescendo of Huston talent and the last picture John Huston directed before his death in 1987 at the age of 81.
There were talks between Holly and each suitor, as well as between the suitors.
''Their lives are shaken up and changed by contact with Don Giovanni, the symbol of a rampant, uncontrolled libido.
I'd rather see a class project on that board.
BEGIN'S NATIONALIST ideology called for annexing the West Bank, but after he came to power in 1977, he discovered that he could not carry out his program because of American pressures, domestic pressures and regional constraints.
Green's Envy ''At the end of the year,'' said Bobby Valentine, the Texas manager, ''you'll hear opposing players talk about hitting against Kevin.''
Latest quarter and 9-month results reflected a pretax loss of $12 million relating to the planned disposal of the company's participation in the Peace River fertilizer plant.
Still, I believe she was taking deep drafts of New York as she pounded along that transverse.
But when he was asked if the trade talks implied any fear about Gooden's return, he replied: ''Doc?
'That Hot a Subject' In an interview today, Secretary of Commerce Robert A. Mosbacher declined to comment on the positions within the Administration on the FSX project but said, ''We're going to be battling on this pro and con.''
Communication Called the Key Victor Gotbaum, Samuel Gompers professor of labor-management relations at City University of New York Graduate School, said: ''A rally is one of the most effective ways of bringing the leadership closer with the workers.
The Supreme Court agreed today to decide whether the Constitution permits prosecution of those who use illegal drugs as part of religious ceremonies.
Thanks to advances in microbiology, most of our urban and rural trash and garbage can be turned into sugar, from which ethanol can be made.
To do so he must imagine that the physics of thinking involves phenomena in which quantum effects play an important role.
He founded the Acadia Corporation, a Manhattan textile concern.
Mrs. Thatcher had a close bond, both personally and ideologically, with former President Reagan, and she is eager to establish a closer rapport with Mr. Bush.
Add the sausage, red pepper and celery, and cook the mixture for 10 minutes.
Arraigned before Acting Justice Brenda S. Soloff of State Supreme Court, the 46-year-old defendant pleaded not guilty and was released on his own recognizance for a hearing next Friday.
Women, Ms. Reskin found, also tend to operate bakeries within supermarkets, typically a minimum-wage job, while male bakers commonly hold the higher-paying positions in commercial baking.
But it seems to be keeping its edge.
There will always be unforeseen problems, particularly in New York City.''
You feel, 'Isn't nature great?'
San Antonio held a 79-67 lead with 1:00 left in the third quarter.
If the bills are not paid promptly, the company repossesses the phone line, which typically costs more than $1,500 to obtain on a flourishing black market.
You wouldn't want to be in a locked room with the characters in Gordon Gano's songs for the Violent Femmes.
''I have food, but not enough food,'' said Zakar Sandramo, who made it to Marromeu after escaping from three years' captivity by the guerrillas.
Remember the Johnson and Nixon years, when Presidents weren't nice guys and we had protest and dissent?
For the moment, the prospect of that happening does not appear large.
To critics who have questioned whether the Black Tom incident merits the extensive treatment of Mr. Witcover's book, his response is that this story of enemy espionage ''has neither been fully understood nor recognized.''
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Foote Cone & Belding Comunications Inc (NYSE) Qtr to Dec 31 1988 1987 Revenue 104,391,000 104,101,000 Net inc 2,650,000 5,602,000 Share earns .31 .65 Yr rev 386,050,000 343,714,000 Net inc 13,739,000 17,076,000 Share earns 1.61 2.01 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
It was a day of depressing numbers for the Jets, who were aware that this was probably Joe Walton's final game as the team's coach.
MCI will waive a $25 annual fee, drop a $10 monthly charge for advanced service and eliminate the cost of sending electronic messages and domestic facsimile documents.
''Carolfest West,'' a sing-along featuring brass ensembles from the Juilliard School and Mannes College of Music and the trumpet player Wynton Marsalis; Lawrence W. Hill, music director, 3 to 5:15 P.M. Information: 769-5800.
In 1987, Mr. Kareithi took over the magazine and the editorship from Hilary Ngweno, the editor in chief of the The Weekly Review.
Pathways International of Newbury, N.H., - a relatively new booking agency for international sportsmen - also offers trout fishing on both of New Zealand's islands.
Brazil won the battle, but Austria won the war.
With two long marriages behind them, a widow and a widower decide to spend what's left of their lives together. ''
A condition of his probation was that he divest himself of all nursing home interests.
These figures are from an annual survey compiled by Human Rights Watch, a group known for its evenhanded reliability.
IF New York City can be said to have an unsettled frontier, it surely is in the flat outer reaches of western Staten Island, inland from the Arthur Kill, the waterway between Staten Island and New Jersey.
* What happens if you forget to pay a premium?
This is often a major undertaking, but if the pipes run vertically, it may be possible to remove only a narrow strip of wallboard to expose them.
The election-year publicity also helped boost membership by about 25,000.
Every plant of the more than 100 ordered since 1973 has been canceled, and many others are approaching retirement.
But with the abundance has come a refreshing diversity.
14 Rabin faults Jordan in border ambush; Israeli soldier dead 15 Kuwait orders a crackdown on its Shiite minority 13 Mummy at Pyramid of Cheops 4 An old British craft has been revived by new British wealth and an abiding traditionalism in times of change.
Bob Welch (4-2) gave up six hits in six innings, walking three and striking out four.
Trying to Avoid Mistakes People involved in the case said yesterday that the Government had structured the indictment to avoid the embarrassing mistakes it has made in recent securities fraud cases.
We want the Stanley Cup because it's the only way we can end up doing something better than being the second-place team of both seasons, regular and playoffs.
The program has been praised for its creation of economic security for runners and criticized as a corporate means of directing athletes away from marathons that conflict with John Hancock-sponsored events.
''Their eyes just sort of bug out.
John B. Macnab performed the ceremony.
The year-ago first quarter revenue does not include revenue of $2.3 million associated with discontinued operations.
He sees things by looking at them, not by remembering what has been so often said about them.''
He started washing dishes and sweeping floors at Toynbee Hall, which helps the elderly and families in need.
Agassi won the first two sets in tie breakers, 7-6, 7-6, and Becker won the third in a tie breaker, 7-6, and the fourth set by 6-3.
Now we get a questionable dramatization of the Robert Chambers Jr.-Jennifer Levin case.
Both sides claim to welcome relief efforts for starving civilians in the south, yet obstacles persist - though most of the blame for withholding food and even enslaving children falls on armed raiders backed by Khartoum.
At the same time, thrift institutions are thinning their portfolios of mortgage-backed securities and we can expect the Treasury will have to sell $15 billion to $20 billion of debt later on as part of the savings and loan industry bailout.''
'You Feel So Independent' ''I love most the freedom that we enjoy in walking around by ourselves, swimming, boating, doing anything we want,'' said Gina Colonna, who is 63 years old.
In its editorial, Pravda said the election was a victory for perestroika, the policy of restructuring advanced by the Soviet leader, Mikhail S. Gorbachev.
It has been more than a decade since this theatergoer has been subjected to Miss Margarida's ravings - as exemplified by her lessons on discipline and decorum, division and death - and her invisible chalkboard illustrations of a microbe and a virus.
It was also less than the $7.71 billion of February.
''The trend is set subliminally.
A principal reason that Credit Suisse increased its ownership position of First Boston last year and asserted more control was to reduce internal strife between First Boston's international staff and that of Financiere Credit Suisse-First Boston, the joint venture that First Boston and Credit Suisse established in 1978.
''Fang's action proves that he was guilty,'' a middle-aged woman said on television.
Corporate Center owes an equally large debt to Chicago buildings of the 1920's like the Board of Trade and the Palmolive (now Playboy) building.
Several black Republican officials, who express resentment that they were not listened to, said they warned the White House that the civil rights lobby had often demonstrated that it regarded ideology as more important than skin color in civil rights positions.
Shore said, ''and sometimes we just took the restaurants out of the Yellow Pages.''
Reversing the usual cultural roles, the schoolboy here becomes the teacher; Robin educates Shakespeare - as many of us may have secretly wished to do, especially if we are Jewish, female or people of color - on a point where the Bard seems to fall short of the universality and humane vision so often attributed to him.
Last month, this small Morris County community of 3,500 residents and the Northeast chapter of the Yankee Air Force of Fairfield, an organization of flying enthusiasts, unveiled a bust of the aviator and dedicated a plaque commemorating the 1929 feat.
''This was my favorite part of the weekend,'' she said.
Codacall makes a similar product, Codacall (about $100), scheduled to come out in mid-May.
Mr. Landais offered his generous judgment to C. C. Pei, the architect's son, who smiled diplomatically.
Viking, the publisher of ''The Satanic Verses,'' will not say whether it has or has not been in contact with the author, a spokesman said.
In June, Merrill Lynch awarded MCI a $150 million contract to provide voice and data communications for the network.
The person can get away with it because the person appears normal; their weight is normal.
He is a former chairman of the Consolidated Edison Company and now serves as a special counsel to the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company.
Supporters of the measure say that its fate illustrates the enormous influence of the state's gun lobby.
I'm so embarrassed by the ''60 Minutes'' report, that someone might think we were responsible for that.
''The company, from a product standpoint, has never been in better shape,'' he said.
Residents of the besieged capital said they hoped the completion of the withdrawal would lead to peace after 10 years of civil war.
Moon Stop Unneeded, Some Say Several space experts, including Dr. Logsdon, said the nation does not need a Moon base to go to Mars, although many experts say that establishing a Moon base would provide badly needed preparation for a Mars venture.
''Everyone told us not to come,'' said Clara Monier, a Catholic from Goffstown, N.H. ''But it's a matter of principle.
Lifts would be required on new buses and telephone companies would have to arrange to make phone service available to the hearing impaired.
Not all sensitivities were appeased, however.
''Vegetables at every meal,'' she said.
She was taken up a dimly lighted wood stairway lined with peeling mustard-colored walls.
Minutes later, the electric bassist Jimmy Haslip played a sweetly textured ''Over the Rainbow,'' capped by dialogue from the ''Wizard of Oz'' sound track.
National grammar school championships on television?
The rates will increase on March 1, for the summer.
Initially, he said from his office in Baltimore, Puckett seriously considered the possibility of signing only a one-year contract and becoming a free agent after next season.
How they can say I am playing myself when they don't know me, I don't understand.''
Talking with my friend, I felt suitably represented by my refrigerator, as if it were a room I'd decorated.
The answer: that Paramount or G.E.
''We know top athletes are on autopilot when they perform,'' he said.
He hit none in 1939, when illness forced him to retire after only eight games.
Beyond the proposed 42d Street renewal, there are few Manhattan mega-projects that will improve the economy in the long run.
Two teams from New Zealand were the first to arrive in Newport, and began practice last week.
Laurie Ann Lichter, a daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Paul R. Lichter of Ann Arbor, Mich., was married there last evening to Haran Craig Rashes, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Alan M. Rashes of Jamaica Estates, Queens, and Lake Bomoseen, Vt.
Two new leaders are sons-in-law of party patriarchs.
Reaching the playoffs would be a soothing, surprising touch.
Then Roger McDowell pitched the final two against the Mets, who traded him to the Phillies with Lenny Dykstra on June 18.
When we consult our women colleagues and students in mathematics, they emphasize the considerable social pressure behind the idea that mathematics is something not womanly.
Telephone company managers said their equipment had performed ''remarkably'' under conditions in which the load of phone calls in the affected area was more than six times the normal level at its peak Tuesday night.
Indeed, historical speculation would seem to have gone rather further.
The View of the High Court In March, Justice Thurgood Marshall of the Supreme Court cited the same historical examples, saying: ''Precisely because the need for action against the drug scourge is manifest, the need for vigilance against unconstitutional excess is great.
''We didn't know a word,'' Mrs. Sklepinski said.
And second, he advocates a set of categorical rules that would define limits in particular clinical interactions - for instance, a rule that would deny renal dialysis or organ transplants to patients above a certain age.
The shell of a 300-room high-rise hotel, which opened in 1969 as a Holiday Inn and closed six years later, towers over City Hall.
''We looked for somebody who wasn't in a city, somebody who had experience in the more remote parts of Canada,'' Chief Superintendent Larry R. Proke, the commander of the Mountie contingent, said in Windhoek.
The Bayside Historical Society is sponsoring a holiday fair, which will feature early American furniture, glassware, porcelains, paintings and other items.
Judy Nelson, whose son Geoffrey, 18, was slain in 1983, burst into tears after the verdicts were read.
1 killer, and we're attempting to change behavior ultimately to reduce premature mortality,'' said David C. Momrow, director of the bureau of adult and gerontological health at the State Health Department, which is overseeing the endeavor.
When I asked to go to the second team, I was sure it would help the team.''
San Francisco itself, all towers and turrets and near-vertical streets, is round the corner.
Pencils, having no caps, are harder to carry in the pocket, and mechanical pencils are the most cumbersome writing implement since the chisel.
''They go absolutely crazy,'' Mrs. Takata said.
Chronology, however, is not only the Schubertiade's great burden, it is its gift.
In the lounge car where my young son and I play ''Go Fish,'' a balding man plops into the seat opposite.
In the short run, there may be enough business to go around.
The display consisted of several copies of the newspaper and a T-shirt that depicts two men within a slashed red circle.
Plans call for the Harris to be turned into a small 499-seat Broadway house and the New Amsterdam to be restored as a big musical theater.
The strikes temporarily delayed shipments by exporters.
''We're committed to playing it, the commissioner is committed to playing it, so we're going to play it,'' La Russa said.
They are each carrying two Zabar's shopping bags.
Mr. Foley, in his home state of Washington for the Memorial Day recess, has been trying to devise a strategy that will shift attention from ethics to legislation.
Already a year behind schedule, the $6 million project has changed several times to win the support of government agencies and private groups concerned about the environmental and public-access consequences of private development along the shoreline.
The InterAmerican Development Bank yesterday offered $300 million of 20-year bonds through an underwriting syndicate led by Salomon Brothers.
Las Lenas has been gaining a reputation as a magnet for celebrities and royalty from around the world.
It can be served either as a buffet or as a sit-down dinner.
''We were just going to try to go in and land,'' he said.
But no sooner did he offer that observation the other day than Boggs went and upstaged Clemens with televised remarks about Boggs's own sexual pursuits.
The Warsaw Pact proposal came on the last day of the third round of conventional arms talks in Vienna.
''The whole place was such a cultural wasteland when my husband and I came here in 1958 that we said we would stay a maximum of three years,'' said Claire Segal, director of public affairs for the Music Center from 1979 to 1987.
Kennedy had been obtained from the Kings earlier this season.
''These were very good times for New York, but the pendulum always swings,'' said Louis Winnick, a housing analyst for the Fund for the City of New York, a nonprofit urban-research group.
Those who would have to approve the arrangements, either formally or informally, are New Hampshire's Legislature, Public Service Commission and Governor; the secured creditors, unsecured creditors and stockholders; the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and the public service commissions of Massachusetts and Connecticut.
In an interview, she said she had sent the petition to United Artists but had got no reply.
And Newman went pell-mell toward the basket without the ball to either get a pass or grab a rebound, whichever came first.
The Democratic Unionist Party, a minority faction of the ruling coalition, had already agreed to most of those conditions in a Nov. 16 agreement.
Mr. Leafloor, the operations manager for the Moneysworth chain, was here to see that the store got off to a solid start before packing up and heading to the next one to open.
in 1980 at the National Center for Toxicological Research in Jefferson, Ark.
One of the most interesting judgments a player is called upon to make is whether inducing a weakness in the opponent's pawn position is worth the lost tempo that the probe and retreat require.
Since the first of this year, I'm told, approximately 30 of the 90 film projects officially certified to be French (for tax and quota purposes) will be shot in the English language.
''I'm very happy, but we still don't have a conference call set up with the league office and until I do, there is nothing more I can say,'' Bianchi said.
Maureen Paton in The Daily Express sounded a note of dissent, writing, ''The cast are about as moving as Mount Rushmore.''
The money goes right into their operating budget and makes them fatter yet.''
Raymond O'Donnell, a police spokesman.
What would he say to me?
The first two to come to trial are John Manfredi, 50 years old, who oversaw repair and renovation work in the elementary and secondary schools in Manhattan and the Bronx, and John Koopalethes, 64, a general inspector who worked for Mr. Manfredi.
''Find something wrong with him.''
Agents are more influential, in many cases, than the editors who acquire books.
The report accuses the Rumanian authorities of stifling Hungarian theater and art.
The two crews stayed in close touch throughout the day, officials say, and Con Edison kept the steam turned off until the other crew said the water problem had been taken care of.
Important to the Coup Mrs. Giroldi, the mother of three, said that Battalion 2000 was to have been an important ingredient in the success of the coup.
There are a few country kitchens on the Ile of Orleans, well worth the 15-minute drive across the St. Lawrence from downtown Quebec.
In fact, there is no dance floor.
At the time, his wife, who was also suspected of disclosing information, was under consideration for an appointment as an Assistant Secretary at the Department of Interior, a political post that required a Federal Bureau of Investigation background check.
Unlike the explorers, he used some travel options other than his legs, including light plane and camel.
Earlier, another Islamic fundamentalist group, Hamas, claimed responsibility.
Colonel North helps prepare answers denying any involvement but later admits the denials were false.
At times he seemed to go out of his way to encourage them.
In 1942, however, when the decision was made to exterminate the Jews, the rooms were converted into what he calls ''homicidal gas chambers'' and used as such for much of 1943 and 1944.
Vivian Catherine Pliner, an editor for the United Nations, and Richard Alexander Josephs, an investment banker in New York for the Union Bank of Switzerland, were married yesterday at the Highlawn Pavilion in West Orange, N.J.
Swans can be sold if they are domesticated - born in captivity of domesticated parents - and their owner has a breeder's license.
When Atlanta environmentalists talk about overdevelopment, they tend to describe the villains as ''Texas developers,'' viewing them much the way Coloradans used to dismiss Texans as a bunch of rich boors who drove through the mountains tossing beer cans out their windows.
Paying the Percentages Percent increases in salaries for players in arbitration, including those who negotiated settlements before a hearing took place.
As usual, his compositions blended gloomy, end-of-the-world minor-key funeral laments with New Orleans rhythms, brass-band snorts and blues wails.
I believe the phenomena need investigation.
I thought the original idea of the lottery was to help finance the state education programs, but I haven't seen any evidence of that.
At a break, the visitor observed to Mr. King that most, if not all, of his performers seemed quite young.
The Mets came west only one and a half games out; they left three and a half games out with 27 left.
Boys Town also operates the Father Flanagan High School in downtown Omaha, a hospital, the Boys Town National Institute in Omaha, for children with communication disorders, and a program of technical services for various foster homes around the country.
Samuels, once again the Mets' overseer, said he had heard the Stones were planning a French theme for the clubhouse this time.
It is not politically acceptable to rely solely on the good will and judgment of another nation.
It may be that those continuums required the structure of the reserve clause or other means of employee containment, which kept the wealthier and more impressive teams with an unfair supply of talent.
Women, who have generally considered Mr. Neuharth sympathetic to their plight, were outraged.
'A Starting Wedge' ''One of the concerns around the country is that this will be a starting wedge and the next request might be for ceremonial objects,'' he said.
''Then the minute that happened, I went out to sell his next two books.''
A half dozen people watched the election returns on a small television.
Smokers press a lever that pushes a cigrette into the compartment and triggers the flame.
President-elect George Bush, responding to a World Bank report that developing countries are stagnating under a crushing debt load, promised last month to ''take a whole new look'' at the situation.
Although ethanol-based fuels now account for only 8 percent of the nation's gasoline consumption, the President said, ''Alternative fuel is going to help us reconcile the automobile to our environment.''
We were all left with such a great feeling.
Looking at all four hands, you should choose to defend.
The settlement signed today by Mr. Cuomo and Lilco's president, Russell C. Youngdahl, calls on the State Public Service Commission, which normally sets electric rates, to work out a rate agreement that most officials said would be close to the 63 percent increases envisioned in Mr. Cuomo's original plan.
VALERIE A. SCHWARZ New York
For another, many critics at the time were involved with championing small- group jazz.
He speculated that if they proved effective as an AIDS drug, they might be used in combination with existing drugs like AZT.
Gunfire in the Streets Residents, who declined to be identified, said the gun battles in Maan came after the army sought to enforce a curfew following disturbances Tuesday, when 4,000 people rampaged through the streets of the city 135 miles south of Amman, the Jordanian capital.
My forecast is that the trade statistics will show a $12 billion to $12.5 billion trade deficit monthly from now through the spring.
In reporting on a study evaluating the busiest needle exchange program in London, Dr. Graham J. Hart said there were an average of 257 participants who made about 762 visits each month.
Essentially he said, ''Stock, crock!
Others even advocate, in the tradition of realpolitik, an American-Soviet deal regarding Eastern Europe, a kind of new Yalta.
''Soca is simply Caribbean dance music,'' Arrow said.
Residents and foreign journalists were allowed past the blockade, but the police action thwarted a pilgrimage planned by members of the Charter 77 human rights movement and other independent groups.
Men met cars stopped in front of the restaurant and appeared to take money from the passengers, while other men emerging from the restaurant would pass what the police said were drugs to the occupants of the cars.
Consumers were also advised to keep batteries in sealed plastic bags and let them come to room temperature before taking them out, to avoid condensation that could rust the terminals.
Clay Pendarvis, chief of the television branch of the F.C.C., said no other pension fund owns a commercial television station, but other public entities like state universities do.
''If anyone thinks the Likud is fractured, they are mistaken,'' Mr. Levy said this evening.
''He is not in the usual position of an incumbent who has a record about which he can speak proudly,'' he said.
''We've focused on Japan in the past.
Southern speech is not really slower, said Walt Wolfram, a dialect expert.
To the chagrin of many mail-order businesses, Spiegel Inc., which is based in Chicago, last week settled a lawsuit brought by North Dakota and agreed to collect taxes on future sales.
Mr. Ball's business associates declined to be quoted for publication, but there was widespread agreement among them that Mr. Ball, who is 49 years old, was influenced by his disillusionment with the pace of political change and the economic consequences of the Government's policy.
This one is half Malvasia and half red Sangiovese grapes, dried on mats until Christmas and aged four years in four different kinds of wood: oak, chestnut, cherry and juniper.
The bridegroom's mother, Adele Goldberg, is the comptroller at the Didax Corporation, a manufacturer of educational materials in Peabody, Mass.
If Sunday Silence loses, how valid an excuse will the injury be?
Skiers are put into categories based on past performance.
Other options are sauteed shrimp with basiland snails in a pastry-lidded clay pot.
Because the bottom line is dollars.''
We must search for a beautiful, perfect system.''
Serious side effects like anemia have been a problem for as many as half the people with active AIDS who take AZT in higher doses.
While Burma isn't geared for tourists yet, it was wonderful to visit the various sites and not be inundated with gawking tourists and hordes of tour buses.
''Somehow this place draws all the elements of Tanglewood together.''
That year the Congressman compiled a volume of speeches, ''Reflections of a Public Man,'' and sold it in bulk to companies and trade groups, usually in lieu of speaking fees that he was barred from accepting.
'' Miss Bloom, who has starred on the stage opposite Paul Scofield, Laurence Olivier, John Gielgud and Richard Burton, may be best known in the United States for her role as the venomous matriarch Lady Marchmain in the television series ''Brideshead Revisited.''
In a pot, bring 3 to 4 quarts of water to a strong boil.
''I do not believe that any further inquiry into your conduct is warranted.''
The entrance to the church was guarded by the security force of Louis Farrakhan, the fiery Muslim preacher from Chicago.
Season with salt and pepper to taste.
On the other hand, Mr. LaPierre said, candidates could reasonably fear that if they did take him on, they would promptly lose whatever black support they had.
Delta is also developing a computer program that would enable it to track the experience levels of pilots - something already adopted by airlines like Continental and American.
The Pilobolus esthetic of using a single image in an illusionary way still obtains.
During more than a year in self-imposed exile, former President Chun Doo Hwan has declined to answer questions about the abuses of power and corruption that marked his repressive eight-year rule of South Korea - the dark side of the nation's economic miracle of the last decade.
TORONTO (AL) - Named Gene Tenace batting coach.
Much has changed during the 25 summers since that one in 1964.
One can steam in Turkish baths, loll about in tiled thermal pools, exercise in spacious swimming pools and finish off with a professional massage.
Truman cites Eisenhower for lack of action on the cold war, the Suez crisis, McCarthyism and Cuba's alignment with the Communist bloc.
On our own we would not have undertaken this increased responsibility, but I don't see anything pernicious in it.''
Candidates for borough president face a threshold of from $10,000 to $44,619 from at least 100 donors, based upon a borough's population.
On opening day, the Mets' average ranked second to the Dodgers' $843,982.
A $280 million plan to dredge PCB-laden sediments from the Hudson River was announced here today by the State Department of Environmental Conservation.
Deal Complete The Islanders' general manager, Bill Torrey, is expected to announce Monday that the Islanders have obtained the defenseman Doug Crossman from Los Angeles as the future considerations portion of the transaction that sent the goalie Kelly Hrudey to the Kings for two rookies, Mark Fitzpatrick and Andy McBean.
Santana is to see Jobe in Vero Beach Wednesday.
But this should not count as a fair hearing.
If a melodic theme seems highly punctuated, for example, it's because there are instruments providing strategically placed, seemingly unmemorable note and rest combinations.
The document does not quote Mr. Bush as specifically mentioning support for the contras as the reason for this sudden assistance.
The information services company, which is based in Blue Bell, Pa., said about half of the jobs affected are salaried.
Mr. Lackner's chief lawyer could not be reached for comment today.
The year-ago quarter only included 8 weeks.
In the early 1950's, the nation had 35,000 nonwhite residents, compared with 2.5 million today out of a total population of 57 million.
Note, for that, the piece called ''Coriolanus,'' in which a moment of political violence seemed to this visitor to find memorable expression.
* DeLonghi America, the United States subsidiary of DeLonghi S.p.A. that makes small electrical appliances, to Janklow Bender, with a budget exceeding $2 million.
''To complicate things further, you have a situation of almost hyperinflation.
On the other hand, she seems to resent the notion that to prosper in a large law firm, a woman must be angst-ridden, masculine or maladjusted.
Videodisk player sales increased from 85,000 in 1986 to 120,000 last year and are expected to increase to 180,000 this year.
ScoreboardOv ersized drawsheet updated every day by a man with a paintbrush on a stepladder.
Another screen, ''Pine Bark River/Autumn Snow,'' depicts Matsugawa, an ancient Japanese theme that is based on pine bark, Mr. Sage said.
No other substitute formula seemed to work, said a company spokesman, Peter Wolf, and there are no plans to reintroduce Fizzies.
Bird, who underwent surgery last November, was expected to return March 1.
About 50 assistant district attorneys from Mr. Morgenthau's office gathered in the Criminal Courts Building to get a briefing on the disease from Dr. Stephen Baum, director of medicine at Beth Israel Medical Center.
Written by Elizabeth Swados; inspired by improvisations with the Company; directed and composed by Ms. Swados; sets and costumes by G. W. Mercier; lighting by M. L. Geiger; choreography by Arthur Fredric and the Company; stage manager, Frank Dalrymple; music performed by Paul O'Keefe and Lewis Robinson.
''Which is the better custodian of Farmers?''
Corn will not get any better than it is right now, and if you find good sweet ears, the kernels can be scraped off and combined with rice, onions, red pepper, chervil and vinaigrette.
The ruling at 8:30 last night came after a long day of technical hearings and arguments in which the subject matter - including methods of depreciating property for tax purposes -contrasted sharply with the more vivid testimony of other days when the focus was on the personality and life style of the 69-year-old self-styled hotel queen.
Mr. Mariotta had told him that Mr. Garcia was going to be ''very important'' to Wedtech because of his influence, Mr. Moreno said.
WITH some trepidation, a rapidly increasing number of AIDS patients are turning to a nutritional therapy intended to add weight to people who are wasting away.
Applicants must be 16 to 30 years old.
Her condition remains critical despite her progress, Dr. Kurtz said.
The threat of HIV-2 reinforces the need to comply with AIDS prevention rules, said Dr. Rand Stoneburner, the city's AIDS research director.
Critics took the Koch administration and the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey to task for proceeding ahead of the panel with projects likely to affect the waterfront and called for a moratorium on such development.
That brought them up or down the coast of Chile, turning Valparaiso into a major port.
''But what condition it will be in when it's restored - heaven knows.''
It said it had spent $2.12 billion of that to buy 31.5 million shares of Chevron stock.
The original medals were struck with the word ''vlugtende'' below Admiral Howe's ship.
''The avenues seemed overly wide, suitable only for mass invasion.
From this vantage point, an older Tharp work like ''The Fugue'' has no place in a classical repertory.
He worked on the AIDS panels of the State Bar Association, the National Lawyers Guild and the Greater New York Hospital Association.
Lest anyone had forgotten during their sabbatical, the Stones remain one of rock's archetypal bands, with a bedrock rhythm section (Charlie Watts on drums and Bill Wyman on bass) and swaggering guitar work that has been a lesson to innumerable other bands for whom the Stones are the roots in ''roots-rock.''
She earned a master's degree in anthropology at Hunter College and completed Harvard University's advanced training program for broadcast managers.
They range from about $150 a week for tuition and self-catering facilities in a shared cottage, to $300 for full board and tuition.
This can be the result of several causes, the most common being deterioration of glue from age or its contact with heat (such as putting a cup of hot coffee on the veneer).
People and events weave in and out of Mr. Morgan's account, and it is through the prism of the narrator's own story and sensibility that we learn a second story, that of Lieut.
His injury was similar to Dorsett's, except Dorsett also had cartilage damage.
His colleagues say they can foresee the committee accepting some of Mr. Wright's arguments but rejecting others.
We need a leader who's going to take care of the racial problems in New York City.
He is married and has a son.
I also think pants are more sexually suggestive than a skirt.
Cio-Cio-San's unbending resolution is conveyed through musical phrases of extraordinary grandeur, carrying the voice repeatedly to the top of its range.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Pier 1 Imports Inc (NYSE) Qtr to May 27 1989 1988 Sales 113,930,000 97,149,000 Net inc 6,723,000 5,378,000 Share earns .19 .17 Shares outst 35,885,000 30,501,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Madagascar's former military head of state, Gen. Gilles Andriamahazo, has died of a heart attack, officials said today.
The parade begins at 2 P.M. and will reach the drawbridge about 15 minutes later, when the bridge will be up and traffic on Route 1 will stop.
According to estimates, the clashes pit 50,000 Syrian troops and their Lebanese Muslim militia allies against Lebanon's 30,000 Christian-led regular army troops and militiamen known as the Lebanese Forces.
At current exchange rates, for example, a typical Government-paid laborer earns about 500,000 cordobas, or roughly $20, for a month's work.
If the unions and Texas Air cannot reach an agreement, or if Texas Air's chairman, Frank Lorenzo, cannot quickly break the strike by persuading enough pilots to fly Eastern planes, then the dispute could drag out, with Eastern faced with the choice of liquidating or trying to slim down by cutting its massive debt load in a reorganization.
So where is the economy headed?
Japanese officials said tonight that Prime Minister Sousuke Uno would announce to leaders of the major industrialized democracies this week a $43 billion package of grants and loans to improve the global environment and to spur economic growth in countries crushed by poverty and indebtedness.
Now the process has grown so refined that magazine advertisers can vary the message household by household.
Used Circut cameras, new Wideluxes and modern roll-film panoramic cameras made by Fuji and Linhof are expensive.
Since that sudden slide after their 10-1 start in 1986, the Jets have never been the same.
A proposed $2.1 million pilot test of the survey is being evaluated by the Office of Management and Budget, which must approve proposals for and questionnaires used in all surveys conducted by the Government.
In another way, it rewrites the F.B.I.
Dissolve the remaining sugar in the remaining orange juice and orange liqueur in a small saucepan.
''You mean,'' he asked, ''how are we able to communicate from world to world?''
Cases Before the Court The three cases accepted for the next term concern teen-agers' right to obtain abortions without parental involvement in Ohio and Minnesota, and an Illinois licensing law that essentially requires abortion clinics to be equipped as full-scale hospitals.
Any idea how I can keep these doors from closing by themselves?
It took him 35 tries before he perfected the ''O.''
But the impact of Wyche's creativity is clear: in each of the last five seasons Cincinnati has ranked among the league's top three in total offense.
to seek monetary penalties for all civil violations of the Federal securities laws.
A promotion had been approved that would have raised his salary to $58,000, records show.
Joel Seligman, who teaches securities law at the University of Michigan, has called the project's principles ''a sheep in wolf's clothing.''
It is in the upper reaches of these valleys that nature conservancy takes over as the chief goal.
''There were, of course, mistakes made,'' he said.
Ms. Neuville's clothes have been featured in the major fashion magazines and are sold by specialty stores across the nation, including Martha, Charivari, Neiman-Marcus, I. Magnin, Bergdorf Goodman, Barneys New York and Macy's.
He won the national title on points, rather than having to compete in the championship's eighth and final race.
But Asian and Western tastes can differ.
To a large extent, the company has gradually become more of an energy concern over the years.
In December, for example, she offers menus for Advent, St. Nicholas's Day, Santa Lucia's Day, Christmas Eve and St. Stephen's Day, among others.
Do we have $166 billion to protect investors, but not $20 billion to educate kids and teach them the fundamental values that could save a generation?
Coach Al Arbour beamed at game's end for the third time in a row, no small achievement after a stretch in which his club piled up 16 defeats after he assumed the coaching duties at the height of the December slump.
COLLEGE BASKETBALL Robert Morris 63, Long Island U.
'IT WAS VERY ROMANTIC' - QUEEN OF HEARTS, directed by Jon Amiel; written by Tony Grisoni; director of photography, Mike Southon; edited by Peter Boyle; music by Michael Convertino; production designer, Jim Clay; produced by John Hardy; released by Cinecom Entertainment Group.
This is not a venue for young fast-trackers.
Foreign governments have committed $2 billion to a five-year Philippine aid plan intended to help the economy recover, Roberto Villanueva, chairman of the aid program coordinating council, said last week.
But the higher visibility has had its cost.
He said he thought the nation was on the road to dealing with the problem when Congress passed the Child Development Act of 1971.
The selection of Mr. Lucas has already come under attack from major civil rights groups.
I'm confident the stations won't play it anymore.''
''The character of the team is completely changed,'' said Lou Franceschetti.
On the beverage side, Grand Met is a global giant with scores of familiar brands in wine, beer and spirits, including Smirnoff Vodka, the world's No.
Boutiques that sell the clothes include Charivari, Tootsie's in Houston and Max in Denver.
They need to know that they can be away, but that the bond is still there.''
Because nearly all devices powered by 9-volt batteries are designed for the average alkaline output, which is closer to 7 volts, voltage over that level is wasted.
''It melts in your mouth,'' he said.
The new rule, known as Proposition 42 and scheduled to take effect in 1990, states that big colleges cannot offer athletic scholarships to high school students who do not achieve both a 2.0 grade point average in college-preparatory courses and a score of 700 out of 1,600 on the Scholastic Aptitude Test or 15 out of 36 on the American College Test.
If tickets remain on tour days, they may be purchased at Philadelphia Open House, 314 Market Street (Third Street).
Administration officials say the Soviet leader's plan for a small cut in his country's short-range nuclear missile force was mostly propaganda.
The cigar box of ''Political buttons, badges and others'' went from Carry Nation to Kennedy.
In addition to examining spatial relationships, Mrs. Kolasa said, her still-evolving course offers such cultural essentials as how loudly or softly to speak, how to ask for or reject a date and how to boast about oneself without seeming to boast.
Fast-Moving Session The personnel measure, put forward by Senator Joseph R. Biden Jr., Democrat of Delaware, was approved in a voice vote in a fast-moving session in which legislators piled up amendments in an eagerness to show tough stands on the drug issue.
Then someone said, 'We need a worker,' and they said, 'Take Miller.'
For the last several months, the daily show in Times Square has started anytime between 9 and noon when a raucous group of six Peruvian musicians gathers on the first level of the station near the IRT uptown steps to play music from the Andes on flute, guitar, charango (a small mandolin-like instrument) and bass drum.
Barfield came to the Yankees in a trade with the Toronto Blue Jays for Al Leiter, a pitcher, on April 30.
Flights into and out of San Francisco International Airport limited because of control tower damage.
He said that he would continue his boycott until he was satisfied that there was movement among N.C.A.A.
Tonight, as if 1988 had been replayed in living color, the Yankees lost a lead and lost a game to the Detroit Tigers in the final inning.
Prevention starts with recognizing the possibility of tick exposure, even if one lives in an area where one would not expect to see arthropods more exotic than a fly, mosquito, ant or roach.
The new choreography by Marcia Milgrom Dodge is serviceable - liveliest, as one might expect, with the sailors chorus.
Some people thought I was going to hide the fact I was going to be a father, but it was bad timing.
Like at a power breakfast.
But the House has hardly presented a portrait of bold leadership in recent weeks.
Mr. Roh's own role in the Kwangju incident has never been fully explained; he held a high post in the South Korean Army at the time, working closely with Mr. Chun.
''But it's not a good idea to use up all your roommate's pantyhose, so when she gets to the dresser, there aren't any left,'' Ms. Wolford said.
The Kennedy case had nothing to do with the Historic Ordinance except in a peripheral and incidental way.
Chopped, baked clams oreganato are a tasty, not overly bready choice.
''It was war,'' he says, ''the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor.
Ten University of Illinois students screamed in unison and collapsed in the snow, twitching.
His only reservation: ''The pace is more measured than I might have hoped.
All concerts in the festival are held indoors, in the redwood building known as the Music Shed.
The plane is named Bostan, which is both a Farsi word for garden and the title of the great didactic poem by the 13th-century Persian poet Sadi, proclaiming the virtues of justice, benevolence, self-restraint, gratitude, penitence and so on.
''People tend to take themselves so seriously, especially in fashion.
It will determine how many billions of dollars industry will have to spend to reduce pollution and may affect the way millions of Americans live.
A Queens shopkeeper turned a would-be robber's shotgun on him yesterday but injured four passers-by in the process, the police said.
At 7:30 A.M., under the sponsorship of the Committee of United States Citizens Living in Nicaragua, people assemble to declare opposition to the United States contra war.
I.B.M., based in Armonk, N.Y., said its fourth-quarter results were reduced by a $270 million pretax charge because more employees than expected had accepted financial incentives to leave the company as part of its consolidation program.
After the verdict, Mr. Bakker was sent to a holding cell at the courthouse and spent three hours there before his lawyers posted $25,000 toward his $250,000 bond.
While there is a proliferation of these jobs in smaller companies, Mr. Sanders said a shortage of talent existed at many levels because of a lack of interest and a lack of knowledge of the market.
We try to buy pieces that come in the ''richer'' or darker brown shades of teak, but notice that after about one year the wood tends to fade and lighten until it is almost a light maple in color.
''They'd close the gym at 10, but they opened it for me,'' Anderson said, referring to the armory.
The criteria will include the value of an individual's services, the extent to which people in the individual's category are emigrating, length of service with British institutions in Hong Kong and knowledge of English.
The impact may be greatest on the family day-care providers who provide the bulk of the nation's paid child care, mostly in unlicensed, unregulated off-the-books arrangments.
Francis's testimony today followed his four hours on the stand Wednesday, during which he told in dramatic detail of the first six years of what he said was Johnson's involvement with performance-enhancing drugs, and the drug use of 10 other Canadian athletes Francis had coached.
Even if that plan is accepted, it is not clear what Integrated will do about the $138 million in long-term debt that will be due in 1990.
I entered a cabin that reminded me of movies about the fabled Orient Express.
Mrs. King's nomination is still awaiting the completion of a background investigation.
Rutgers held a 34-25 advantage at halftime after scoring the game's first 12 points.
The Los Angeles hostel, near the beach in Santa Monica, will open late in the year.
Just to sit on the sand and have a picnic is a wonderful new experience.
''Speech is often 'abusive' - even vulgar, derisive and provocative - and yet it is still protected under the state and Federal constitutional guarantees unless it is much more than that,'' the opinion by Judge Stewart F. Hancock Jr. said.
''I've always had trouble seeing things black or white,'' he continued.
El Peruano, the Government newspaper, said the decree placing the capital, Lima, and its port of Callao under military control was a response to the call by the Shining Path for a general strike in Lima on Friday.
The club's book offers detailed information, along with photographs, of 110 of Long Island's most common seashells.
Also arrested were Frank Calarico, 68, of 619 83d Street in Flushing; Mr. Marinacci, of 652 73d Street in the Bay Ridge section of Brooklyn; Mr. Rigano, and Eugene Dellitalia, 42, both of 56 Washington Place in East Rutherford, N.J. Mr. Dellitalia was convicted in 1978 of unlawful dealing in fireworks.
Many of the freshest, most energetic new writers are focusing on small-town characters whose lives are bound by factories and by gossipy neighbors who know each other's business.
Layoffs would be required because attrition alone would not yield enough savings to balance the budget, he added.
When ''Grand Hotel'' opened on Broadway a week ago, for example, its cast was clad in squirrel, red fox, Persian lamb and sable, and the Playbill credited Ben Kahn Furs.
Parts of the building date from the 16th century, but it was opened as a hotel in the 1870's, which accounts for the ornate carved wood furnishings and chandeliers in the 40 rooms.
Many scientists in psychopharmacology research say active placebos are impractical.
Such deals are also being discussed for prime-time shows, the networks say, but that will require cooperation of the shows' creators.
Overall approval of Mr. Bush's handling of his job as President was down slightly, at 63 percent, compared with 69 percent in September.
Also on display was a Mercedes-Benz sedan with a hydrogen-powered engine.
At their own expense, the couple presented rock groups, cabaret performers and folk dance companies all over the country.
Many small investors sold their holdings too hastily in 1987 and are more wary of market swings.
Philadelphia kept close in the divisional race, preventing the Giants from completing an early sweep of each divisional opponent.
Not that the sources are easily told one from another.
Neither Mr. Newhouse nor Mr. Bernstein would say what prompted the change in Random House's management.
Consequently, temperatures at higher altitudes are warmer than they are near the surface.
''It's really going to depend on how the American capital providing community decides to go after this.
As in much of Latin America, it counseled the poor to accept suffering with patience, stressing the hope of salvation in the afterlife.
When death comes for Louise Cooper, it is a harrowing, horrific experience, a nightmare end.
''To those suggesting that I have normalized the relationship with this power because of one visit, they simply are wrong, off the reservation on this point,'' Mr. Bush said, referring to the visit to Beijing last weekend of Brent Scowcroft, the national security adviser, and Lawrence S. Eagleburger, the Deputy Secretary of State.
After weeks of arm-twisting and button-holing by both sides, the vote was not even close: 239 legislators voted to cut the tax rate through the end of 1991, while 190 opposed the plan.
Everybody has to look at it that way or we will be in deeper trouble.''
He pursued interests outside of basketball.
Even in the 1950's, when Stalin and Mao huddled together against the capitalist world, the relationship was out of balance, with the Soviets unabashedly condescending to ''our little brothers.''
It provides return to the point of origin by bus; transport of baggage to the next base (or a bus carrying baggage for the entire journey); tent rental and reservations for camping sites (hotel reservations are left to the traveler); scooter and bicycle rentals, and so on.
It may be significant that Ms. Carrasco grew up in Santa Barbara, Calif, 10 minutes from the beach.
The Administration and the Environmental Defense Fund -which helped devise the plan - contend that this would be less costly than requiring the plants to install scrubbers, with Government subsidizing the expense.
''It is true that at present there are too many participants and profit margins are too low in many markets,'' said Rolf E. Breuer, managing director at Deutsche Bank in charge of its worldwide securities activities.
Plastic surgeons also try to assess the patient's psychological state.
I've spoken of it before, but it was never sex alone.
(Several months later, Chemical conceded that its contract with Minorco violated the Comptroller's guidelines - a tacit acknowledgment that Minorco is controlled from South Africa.
This daily work diary is really working this time and it is a good thing.
Alonzo Mourning, the Georgetown sophomore center who was named to the preseason all-America team of The Associated Press, testified yesterday in Washington at the Federal drug trial of Rayful Edmond 3d, a reputed cocaine dealer, and 10 co-defendants.
Rosita Olivero, 23, from Yonkers, ended up at the Painted Aprons with her twin 3-year-old daughters last summer after shuttling in and out of 16 motels in two years.
But mortgage rates have not responded to the Fed's actions.
There is control over the appointments and the showings as well as the investment of the broker.
Rates of unemployment and teen-age pregnancy surpass the city averages.
He urged international cooperation against the dangers of global warming through reduced emissions, improved energy efficiency and reforestation.
Hamilton because he is a black American.''
B2 Former town justice is charged B3 Koch presses for heavier zoning penalties B3 Homeless man dies, quietly, on the Upper East Side B4 NEEDIEST CASES B4
Or at least they thought they did.
Ann Bradford Lourie, the daughter of Mrs. Robert P. Stout of Bronxville, N.Y., and Donold K. Lourie of Siasconset, Nantucket, Mass., was married yesterday to Douglas Cushman Merrill, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Robert G. Merrill of Locust Valley, L.I.
VINCENT S. ROMANO Bellmore, N.Y.
Today, even for those with no religious beliefs, Santiago still sets up some indefinable longing.
Grain and soybean futures prices plummeted on a forecast for cooler, wetter weather.
The Congress Party is in power in these state legislatures despite its losses in the Parliament balloting, and Mr. Gandhi is considering a change in the leadership of a fifth state - Gujarat in western India, where the party fared poorly.
Open 10 to 8 Monday through Saturday; 12:30 to 6 Sunday.
It has behaved as if under siege, both at home and abroad.
The deep golden wine is vinified dry and has an appealing perfume of honey and hazelnuts.
ROBERT E. WHITE ED BAKER, PHARIS HARVEY Washington, April 26, 1989 The writers are, respectively, president of the International Center for Development Policy, a board member of Asia Watch and director of the Korea Coalition.
Mr. Hill was a little too self-effacing, taking fewer solos than his sidemen.
If you go, said the doctors, stay off the sideline and watch from the coaches' booth high in the stands.
Mr. Leys's witty lyrics contribute considerably.
In any case, Mr. Walesa in effect put off entering government by saying Friday that he would endorse whomever the Communists put forth as a candidate for the presidency, while making no mention of a role in the government for Solidarity.
While many of the routes that American has just agreed to acquire can be served by the Boeing 727, a smaller plane, the carrier will also have to take four wide-body jets and deploy them on the Central and South American routes.
b-After realized gains on investments of $346,000 for the quarter and $3,136,000 for the year.
Acting Justice Harold J. Rothwax had instructed the jury that it could ''infer'' that Mr. Steinberg intended to cause serious physical injury, which caused Lisa's death, ''by the results produced by his act.''
Efforts to bring the department up to its 1975 level faltered in 1987, after the stock market crashed and city tax receipts fell.
Mattingly hit his ninth homer of the year in a four-run second inning.
''We moved the puck real well and we scored a few on the power play.
Edwin W. Fiske Jr. of the United States merchant marine and the late Mrs. Fiske.
The coalition in West Berlin is a result of municipal elections on Jan. 29 in which the Social Democrats and the Christian Democrats won 55 seats each on the 138-seat legislature, while the Christian Democrats' national coalition partners, the Free Democrats, failed to win any seats and the Alternative List took 17.
''If somebody wanted to endanger U.S. aid, they couldn't have picked a better way,'' said an aide.
They made video the preferred medium for recording family histories, for keeping travel journals, documenting one's prowess in sports and generally capturing a living trace of our lives.
The carrier had nearly 50 workers in its system, he said.
The hands proved to be particularly difficult.
Hunt was a Proposition 48 academic casualty last season and was ineligible to play as a freshman.
Next year, Census officials said, they hope to include others who might be considered homeless but are not on the streets or in shelters, like families living together because they do not have a permanent home of their own.
That's why it's a tertiary hospital.''
But the defense motion to have the case dismissed was denied on Friday, so the court hearing will proceed.
At all events, the climactic moment in which the desolate pianist covers his eyes and silently weeps seems empty and even embarrassing: which is a pity, since there's a lot about the surrounding work to enjoy.
It carries a 165-foot aluminum mast and a 61-foot Park Avenue boom, a design of the 1930's that was flat and wide.
Any potential human application is probably several years away.
But over the years, as development pushed the deer out of the surrounding areas and into the reserve, the herd enjoyed a protected status that resulted in greater numbers of deer that were dependent upon a diminishing food source.
When the works are finished, Serra pays a visit to the factory.
I had to travel to Toronto to do color,'' she said.
Finished and I have a good feeling about today's work.
''The panel waffled on this issue,'' said Dr. Walter C. Guralnick, a co-chairman of the meeting.
''When a book is turned down, it tends to have a mark on it,'' Mr. West said during a recent visit to New York City.
But his mother is still very much part of the act: with the help of MTV, the rock video network, she is preparing to give away the family home to a fan of Mr. Bon Jovi, whose latest album is ''New Jersey.''
Mr. Lampert said that the percentage of cases that were ended by settlement - which the court must approve - was decreasing.
As a result, New York City stands to lose a Congressional seat and millions of dollars in desperately needed Federal aid.
But don't use water; it seems to invigorate them.
Miss Yakovleva also led the opening divertissement, ''Paquita.''
championship game last season, in which the 49ers rolled to a 28-3 victory in the chilling Soldier Field cold.
''We felt we included the most significant foods,'' Ms. Fulton said.
debut of Aleksander Mogilny, who defected from the Soviet Union, and the Nordique debut of Guy Lafleur.
Humenuik was dismissed by the Patriots in December after holding the concurrent titles of line coach, assistant head coach and offensive coordinator.
Officer Venable, 35, was shot when he and six other transit officers responded to a call of an armed man on Pitkin Avenue in the East New York section of Brooklyn.
Executives at state-owned companies enjoy more flexibility today.
Copyright royalties are exempt from those limitations.
In an extra edition, The Yale Daily News reported today that officers responding to the call attempted to question Mr. Dobbs, who told them they could not detain him without arresting him.
The show is to be on view 10 A.M. to 7 P.M. and there will be no charge for admission.
Mr. Baryshnikov himself is to dance on June 1 as a guest with the Graham company in ''Night Journey.''
She left it up to him, and Balanchine came up with Conrad Ludlow.
Chavez is the World Boxing Association/World Boxing Council lightweight champion and one of two big-money opponents the 22-year-old Taylor would like to fight.
In discussing the affair, Mr. Fernandez said he had no direct knowledge of the involvement of William J. Casey, the C.I.A.
''Right now it is dangerous to play the market in a major way.''
Jon Casey made 26 saves as Minnesota improved to 7-1-0 at home, the third-best home record in the N.H.L.
Mementoes of Grove Park's past are found throughout the public areas.
Judge Vela rejected a plea from Government attorneys that the policy remain in effect pending a full hearing on a preliminary injunction.
Hughes is worried about what happens after the end of that 90-day period.
There's much more danger of a recession from the Fed raising interest rates than wage-led inflation.
In Japan, it is now fashionable for Japanese girls to be seen with a black man.
Opponents of Iran's revolutionary Government were quick to say the development may be part of a power struggle in which various factions of the Iranian regime are turning against one another.
(AP) Australians Ahead by 3 Shots: Peter Fowler and Wayne Grady of Australia overcame intermittent downpours and swirling winds yesterday for a combined even-par 144 and a three-shot lead over Spain after 35 holes of the rain-shortened, 54-hole World Cup tournament in Marbella, Spain.
If the pending Time-Warner merger were for cash, not shares, there would be no way for the companies to avoid using purchase accounting, and the share swap would not be an additional problem.
''The proper work of the critic is praise, and that which cannot be praised should be surrounded with a tasteful, well-thought-out silence.''
'' Communists and non-Communists alike will long debate the question of whether intolerance, personality cults and the other mistakes that pervade the history of Communism are an inevitable product of the ideology or an aberration.
No precedent existed to guide the city, they say.
Mr. Kors shows some adventurous pants designs, including a style in sueded silk with a matching top made of yards of fabric wrapped around the body.
Surviving are his wife, the former Mary Sydney Johnson; two stepsons, Jonathan and Mathew Johnson, both of Jackson; two daughters, Sarah Green of Birmingham, England, and Bridget Doudante of Morges, Switzerland, and a granddaughter.
Bond's prose style is unforced, and his dialogue is natural.
Other airlines also advanced, with AMR, parent of American Airlines, up 1 7/8 ,to 79 1/8, and Delta Air Lines gaining 1, to 77 3/4.
Dredge them lightly in the bread crumbs.
That's fair for his Republican race, in which Mr. Lauder lambastes Mr. Giuliani in harshly negative ads.
Now movement in the ranking of Jimmy Carter is adding a new wrinkle to the process of revisionism.
Mr. Bassi, who is 47 years old, and Mr. Harvan, 43, were described today as the masterminds of a 1986 dumping conspiracy by the Deputy Attorney General who prosecuted them, John Mathews.
In Ysaye's unaccompanied ''Ballade'' sonata he showed a sense of dramatic gesture; elsewhere in the recital, a comfortable and idiomatic entry into the music's character sometimes proved elusive.
''This year we'll be notifying parents of the days when we go hiking,'' said David Silverstein, director of Summer Trails Day Camp in Greenwich Springs, N.Y.
My grandfather came here in 1883 with 15 cents in his pocket, a 15-year-old kid.
''It'' is Waterbust, an all-day blow-out that for the last decade has been held the Saturday before classes start at Washington State University.
Minorco has been trying to take over Consolidated Gold Fields P.L.C.
Riders will buy the card in advance - perhaps from their bank-card machines - having decided how many rides they want to pay for.
But the Tide then scored 7 consecutive points, capped by Horry's 3-pointer.
With the threat to his chairmanship clear, Mr. Boren began working the phones from Africa.
''Older houses all seem alike - they're dark, with small windows and no closets.
Mr. Wicenski dismissed the thought as ridiculous.
With each flash of lighting, I expected her to bolt.
Why are people ashamed to say Christmas is the celebration of the birth of Christ.
We'd take bonbons, make pin holes at the bottom and drain out the chocolate.
But that image succeeds, some of Honda's younger employees say, only as long as the company prospers.
In an announcement, Mr. Heine, 60, pointed out that DWG had some 20 million shares outstanding but that the total would reach 26 million after subordinated debentures were converted.
The piano pieces, played nicely by Richard Alston, gave off a similar easygoing humor and warmth.
If even this doesn't work, buy some oxalic acid crystals (sold in paint and hardware stores).
The fact that Time stock is trading well below the breakup value of its assets reflects several factors.
Moses is the name of an experimental project designed to hold back the tides that for centuries have buffeted this jewel by the Adriatic Sea and now submerge its low-lying sections dozens of times a year.
that one lives a gorgeous year within an hour.''
He said the ''collection of unlawful debts was accomplished in part by the use of a pit bull terrier.''
Ca'Nova (838-3725) serves lunch from noon to 3 P.M. and dinner 5:30 to 11 P.M. Monday to Saturday, until 9:30 P.M. Sunday.
That one seemed to be an awful expression of greed.''
Last Thursday, the military issued a statement that condemned ''anarchy'' in the nation and said, ''We are ready to defend the achievements of socialism.''
She later had a regular role in the ABC-TV soap opera ''One Life to Live'' and was featured in the Woody Allen film ''Radio Days.''
She has walked on walls and sent signals from dancer to dancer across SoHo rooftops.
For now, the hall remains open seven days a week, its gallery celebrating famous women whose ''stories illuminate the lives of all women and lend us courage and inspiration.''
The author recalls the places he visited and the books he read in his youth.
This season, Georgetown, Syracuse, Seton Hall, Pittsburgh and Providence will carry the Big East banner into the national tournament, which begins Thursday and Friday at eight locations.
The device is called a domestic digital bus, or D2B.
The station's golden age from the 1940's to the early 60's will be re-created live at the Jewish Museum on Sunday at 7 P.M., when everything from soap operas and melodramas to cantorial works and 40-year-old news and commercials will be performed.
The most important thing we can do is to get people out of the shelters and to shorten as much as humanly possible the time needed to get back to normal.''
These ''chichimeca,'' as they were called (the Aztecs were the last of the seven chichimeca tribes), share the same gene pool as our American Indians who remained behind.
On ''Dark Intervals,'' he seems to have toughened up his idiom, and with profit.
In Danbury, for instance, the recycling coordinator, Michael A. Cech, says his town is facing a tough decision: whether to wait for a state recycling center to open and miss the deadline or whether to hire a private contractor to build and operate such a center, which would be ineligible for state grants.
''When you go home and you've had a really bad day and you're telling your husband all about it and he turns around and says 'Is dinner ready?'
* CityFed Capital Corp.'s rating on $200 million of collateralized floating-rate notes due in 1991 has been affirmed at Aaa, by Moody's.
The Japanese are scrupulous in repaying their obligations to each other; why not those owed to the United States?
Talking to reporters at the local airport, Mr. Bush was in a relaxed, playful mood and confident enough to talk in terms of what he will be doing over ''the next eight years.''
Two works possess a calculated primitivism.
The subcommittee also heard today from Ms. Murphy, a Washington lawyer who is a close friend of Ms. Dean, Secretary Pierce's closest aide from 1984 to 1987.
He threw his remaining club on the diamond ace and led the diamond ten.
Ocean dumpers are not villains but officials who believed they were properly investing millions in local public funds to build sewage treatment plants with Federal subsidies.
Yet there it is, lent from the museum's labyrinthine library.
'Our Job Is Educational' ''It's not uncommon to sit down with a treasurer who starts off saying, 'We are a very conservative company, and we don't do anything with futures or options,' '' said S. Waite Rawls 3d, vice chairman at Continental.
It wasn't one of my better games, but we won, and I'm satisfied with that.''
There are relatively few short-sellers out in the Street to cushion a sharp fall.''
The statement gave no explanation of what caused the pump malfunction, which halted the countdown just 31 seconds before the scheduled liftoff.
Expanded Search for Gas At the same time, the industry is expanding the search for natural gas fields in the United States and has improved the recovery rates for existing natural-gas fields.
The Canadian experience is worth consideration in our discussion.
The prime rate is now 11.5 percent, 2 1/2 percentage points above its January 1988 level.
So far, more than 31,000 applications have been filed by veterans and their families.
I even bought a mint julep glass there.
In Mr. Shahar's subtle hands, the centuries-old (pre-Freudian) consoling inspiration of Jewish mystical thought - that the dark, private wound of loss can be liberated into the daylight of communal yearning - provides a delicate guiding thread through the fabric of the novel, poignantly illuminating these strange lives even as it is itself illuminated.
Federal law bans fully automatic machine guns, but not assault rifles modified to fire semiautomatically - requiring a trigger pull for each shot.
But many countries would be able to expand farming into regions that are now too cold or too dry to support it.
Addressing the United Nations General Assembly for the first time since taking office this summer, President Menem said, ''I want to reassert that we will fight unstintingly and peacefully to recover our Malvinas Islands with reason and perseverance.''
The ''divine political will and testament'' was read at an emergency session of the Parliament, the Islamic Republic News Agency said.
Then he is off on his walk through the town.
Indeed the judges repeatedly asked themselves if they were being confronted with issues that courts were unequipped to resolve.
The race to succeed George Deukmejian as Governor of California, considered the most crucial race of 1990 by the Republican National Committee, is already in nearly full swing a year before the election.
Elsewhere, The Bank Rate Monitor national index shows the average yield for a bank money market account down a basis point, to 6.54 percent, while the same index has the average six-month certificate of deposit down 17 basis points, to 8.62 percent.
To the Editor: An article on Dec. 11 entitled ''Urban Suburbia'' tells of a new building to be erected on the site of a building that is to be demolished at the corner of Seventh Avenue South and West 10th Street.
The man was tackled, his legs tied and his wrists handcuffed, Lieutenant James said.
Cooper and Chambers were given technical fouls, and a cup of beer thrown onto the court delayed play for about three minutes, giving everyone a chance to cool off.
But it is a cumbersome process and it makes eventual American citizenship hard to get.
The New York Alliance for the Public School is now supervising more than 105 mentoring programs in New York City.
In many parts of the system, more than half the workers quit each year.
His days at People are flexible, enabling him to work on the book.
The commission's chairman, Dr. Gro Harlem Brundtland, the Prime Minister of Norway, appeared on the program, gamely attempting to reduce the commission's ideas about what the report calls ''sustainable development'' (development that doesn't destroy the environment) to sound bites.
Gen. Anatoly Kuntsevich, deputy chief of Soviet chemical weapons troops, said at a press briefing that ''Libya doesn't have the industrial capacity to make toxic agents in sufficient quantities to conduct warfare.''
''This is a significant first step in convincing the judiciary to take economic liberty seriously.''
He argued that most pollution resulted from tanker spills, not offshore drilling, and asked for a feasibility study of deep-water transfer points where oil would be moved from ships to pipelines.
It's typical that in the Seventh Symphony, for which Prokofiev offers two endings, Mr. Jarvi takes the tub-thumping affirmative one, while Mr. Rostropovich goes for the more contemplative version.
President Bush promised Monday to produce proposals for reducing strategic arms that will ''capture the imagination of the Soviet people.''
Begin by cutting two pieces of 2-by-4 lumber to span the rough opening at top and bottom.
Danbury, Conn. $182,000 68 Highland Avenue 3-bedroom, 1 1/2-bath, 100-year-old colonial; large bay windows in formal dining room, walk-up attic, 0.33 acre; taxes $2,000.
But others note that people often die from cocaine without any external stress or threat.
When he was through with the dancer's cotton, satin and taffeta tunic (decorated with metal spangles and beads, metallic fringe and glass stone) the effect might have been merely gaudy.
I felt that he'd never be reconciled to it.
The Mayor said Mr. Goldin was suggesting that the city sacrifice a $357 million payment from the developer and $800 million in taxes from the Columbus Center project.
And there's no danger that he'll run out of material.
According to a college spokeswoman, Susan Cantrell, coeducation was last considered five years ago, but Mr. Wettack's predecessor, Lewis Salter, decided to postpone a decision until a special fund-raising drive for the 132-year-old college was completed.
The company said in a statement, ''The stockholder rights plan represents a sound and reasonable means of safeguarding the interests of all stockholders, should an effort be made to acquire the company at a price not reflective of its fair value.''
''We are going to send the good spirit to those who lost their lives and purify this school so the children can come to study again.''
Since HoHoKam Park is much smaller than a major league stadium - about a fifth the size of Chicago's Wrigley Field -the players are closer to the stands, and to the scrutiny of their fans.
Growth of two-way trade in manufactures - common elsewhere because consumers like variety - has not happened in Japan.
Goethe House and the Ruhr Cultural Foundation are presenting Ruhrworks, a series that will run through January, focusing on what appears to be a thriving arts world in West Germany's industrial region.
''The Year of the Baby'' is vaguely reminiscent of ''Raising Arizona,'' but has little of that movie's vagrant humor.
But Forsch walked Gregg Jefferies, loading the bases, and was replaced by Dan Schatzeder, who walked Mackey Sasser on four pitches, forcing in another run.
The center is open from 11 A.M. to 6 P.M. daily at 10 North Water Street, on the banks of the Norwalk River.
Within the next two years, the magazine will add editions in Turkey, South Korea, Taiwan and Thailand to its roster.
Wide Receiver - Lionel Manuel has had few passes thrown to him because he is doubled-teamed so much.
And speaking of credit cards, the random access memory of the LTE/286 can be expanded to two megabytes for $1,299.
Benton's indefatigable constitution, force of will and dream of painting America in its totality are best suggested in the three murals at the Equitable Center, where ''America Today,'' made in 1930, is on permanent display in a corridor.
We're not embarrassed by that.''
The new limits took effect on Jan. 1.
The northeastern states have an average of 294 acres of land for public recreation for every 1,000 residents, but Connecticut has one-third that amount, a recent study found.
The bridegroom, an associate at the Washington law firm of Davis, Graham & Stubbs, graduated from Yeshiva University and New York Law School.
A European diplomat said the attempt by Mr. Yeutter and Frans Andriessen, the community's new Commissioner for External Affairs, to meet this week reflected a mutual desire to smooth over differences, which have been aggravated by the hormone dispute.
Donald Peddie, the veterinarian at the Cider Mill Animal Hospital in Cornwall, said he saw no more wounded animals in the deer season than the rest of the year, but he explained.
The issue was won by Kidder, Peabody & Company.
House members adamantly objected to that plan.
The New York Stock Exchange said yesterday that it planned to join the list of exchanges trading a ''basket'' product that will enable investors to buy or sell, in a single execution, a large portfolio of stocks.
''But he's entitled to a bad night, and if he concludes he can do better, he'll go on.''
He sees a tame, housebroken press that habitually pulls its punches; a powerful protective police authority but little actual reliance on the rule of law in human relationships; a virtual one-party Government whose leaders are little more than power brokers among various factions and interest groups; an opposition contentedly resigned to a permanent if comfortable subsidiary role, and a gerontocracy of business leaders who buy domestic political power wholesale and expect bureaucrats in the Government ministries to insulate them from the rigors of unseemly foreign competition.
In 1988, the 41 state police agencies that gave statistics to Operation Pipeline reported seizures of 35,947 kilograms of marijuana, 4,055 kilograms of cocaine and 10.6 kilograms of heroin.
Proposals to replace it included a seven-story bell tower or a huge apple sculpture.
Kahondo Style, an English group making its first New York appearance on Tuesday at the Knitting Factory as part of the New Music America festival, revels in references.
A 'Balanced' Ambassador The language of the cablegram is the mark of the man, calm and collected, precise and concise.
It couldn't have been more than 15 or 20 percent.
Although they are temporary and last just as long as the application period, the retroactive increases can raise a rent bill 20 percent or more for a few years.
They believe they can use the city to their advantage and also offer a retreat.
Transportation: New Haven line on holiday schedule.
The conductor was Bruno Moretti, who got a healthy, robust sound from the Spoleto Festival Orchestra and the Westminster Choir.
In 1987, Queens Inner Unity formed a partnership with Warner, with each partner putting up $3 million in equity and Warner taking over the management and agreeing to provide or find bank financing for an additional $60 million.
Michigan returned four starters for the rematch against a Seton Hall team that had only one player who scored in Michigan's 80-79 overtime victory.
Part of this comes from rewarding people who apply the insights of others, as opposed to only rewarding those who come up with new and bright ideas.
''I plan to use it all the time.''
Among recent Nielsen disks, this is outstanding - a 72-minute pairing of texturally lush and philosophically vast works, in movingly shaped, exquisitely played performances.
But this began to change, Dr. Schele said, as two revolutionary ideas, put forth in the late 1950's, took hold among a new generation of Maya scholars that emerged in the early 1970's.
The changes are intended to make the proposal somewhat less onerous for the banking and savings industries.
Commissioner, Dr. Frank Young, was planning to tell his staff Monday that there would be a re-evaluation of the decision to require the clinical trial.
The dentist would worry about the crackers, too.
The song's first verse recalls a television appearance ''that everybody said would change the course of my life.''
The Federal Government donated the land; private contributions will pay the costs of building the museum.
He was executive director of the Association of Area Business Publications, an organization of business-oriented publications.
His statements about preparing Dartmouth for the 21st century, about Dartmouth's making ''a greater contribution to national life'' aren't just lyrics set to ''Pomp and Circumstance.''
Alabama (9-0-0) beat Louisiana State, 32-16.
What is the early-music movement all about anyway?
What if the school wants to find out if a student is on birth control?''
Page A1 President Bush extended support to Hungary's efforts toward political and economic change with a series of financial measures.
MYERS INJURED Pete Myers, the Knicks' swing man, twisted his left knee trying to block a Johnny Newman shot at practice yesterday.
''Good,'' she said, ''I'll have something soft and nutritious for you to eat.''
Including the principal characters and the bit players, I doubt that there are more than a dozen speaking roles in the film, and probably no more than a couple of dozen extras, which qualifies it as a shoestring costume drama.
''The world has turned,'' Mr. Lear said.
But I'll tell you the part - and I'm the new boy, the new kid in school - but the part I found most interesting was the unstructured part, the part where you sit with these other leaders, tell them what you think, listen carefully to what they think.
Mr. Clinton, 42 years old, who was first elected Governor of Arkansas in 1979, is the best known of the three.
And it still, like Mr. Hoover, reacts with defensive hatred to any criticism of the bureau.
Since it was appointed in May, the organization's negotiating mission, led by Foreign Minister Diego Cordovez of Ecuador, has made five visits to Panama in an effort to bring about the transfer of power from the Noriega regime to a democratically elected government.
Proponents therefore argue that testing and contact tracing are lifesaving tools, breaking the chain of transmission as well as enabling early treatment.
Mr. Ailes said the only rationale for the Lauder campaign was ''to destroy Rudy Giuliani.''
The mutual-aid plan, the professionals say, allows municipalities to reduce overtime and increase layoffs.
In most of the Reagan Administration, Washington had been pushing for a total elimination of farm subsidies and protectionism.
In an editorial accompanying Dr. Bergvist's study, Dr. Elizabeth Barrett-Connor, of the Univeristy of California in San Diego, said that women considering combination therapy already had to weigh a possible increased risk of heart disease against the protection against endometrial cancer.
Fewer than 100 of its members have been willing to cross the picket lines.
You were treated like an adult.''
Then he was left hanging for the night.
From 7 until 10, ''Ballroom at Bethesda'' will turn the plaza by Bethesda Fountain into a huge outdoor dance palace.
But some of Citi's competitors think he is overly optimistic.
A tentative contract settlement also has been reached at Pacific Telesis, which serves California and Nevada, although one union local president said union officials were recommending rejection.
What, in the name of Southern cuisine, is chicken hyphen fried steak?
Of course, General Noriega knows all of this.
McNeil Questionable The condition of Freeman McNeil, who is nursing an ankle injury, was upgraded from doubtful to questionable.
Dow Chemical rose 2 1/2, to 93 1/2.
's rules calling for Lufthansa, the German airline, to file security plans for its flights to the United States.
As for the Best Acceptance Speech Award, that clearly went to Geena Davis, who, on an evening that celebrates images, reminded the audience of what comes first.
Mr. Mayekiso, Mr. Bapela and three others were released on bail last month by a Johannesburg court after more than two and a half years in jail.
To him, the issue is communication and for that there is nothing to beat art, which, he says, ''is quicker than language and clearer than philosophy.''
Other members of the assembly will come from the clergy, from groups of Afghan exiles, and from among the ''faithful Muslims living inside'' Afghanistan.
''Very few people know or even care that Commissioner Ward is sensitive and caring toward all elements of the city,'' said Detective Roger L. Abel, president of the Guardians Association, which represents 1,800 of the department's 3,000 blacks.
This is their best performance since 1983, when they lost to Indiana, 3-1, in the semifinals.
The official signing of a Slow Food manifesto by delegations from more than a dozen nations is scheduled to take place at the meeting.
''But obviously we needed him in there.
The Mayor, who had walked the streets of Overtown several times yesterday, making a futile plea for calm, announced that the City Commission would name a panel of private citizens to investigate the fatal shooting Monday of an unarmed black motorcyclist by a Hispanic police officer that set off the disturbances.
Not long ago, the Whitney Museum of American Art's branch at the Equitable Center devoted an exhibition to these works and at the moment there are no fewer than three shows that deal in one way or another with this theme.
''You said you were coming right over!
''They steal money from the people and government.
Feels Less Pain Klein, who was in New York, spoke with Winfield after the operation and reported: ''He's still a bit groggy but was resting comfortably.
It was recently awarded a $600,000 grant from the State Health Department to develop an outreach program for teen-age runaways - Father Ritter prefers ''throwaways'' - in New Jersey cities.
''We served as a conduit between the districts and central,'' he recalled.
Such large machines will not represent the same volume of chip sales for Motorola as would a work station, which is designed for a single person, he said.
Two pass-interference calls against the Colgate cornerback Dave Bovell put the Quakers at the Red Raider 2, and Keys scored over the right side with 29 seconds left in the half to close the gap to 21-14.
And even though nearly four million East Germans have visited the West since the border barriers were taken down a week ago, more than 2.3 million East Germans visited West Germany last year, and 5.2 million West Germans visited the East.
Mr. Jacobs said yesterday evening that he had sent a second letter to Avon intended to indicate the seriousness of his offer.
Let me point out, however, that the efforts of one state are not sufficient for a comprehensive solution to this problem.
Perhaps for her holiday gift I should just search my cupboards for little-used and hazard-free articles.
One can also glean the usual differences of opinion concerning style, historical sources and truth to materials - all played out within the work itself.
They account for 80 percent of all businesses in Nassau and Suffolk Counties.
Long before Winston Churchill is invoked by a smirking humanoid named Sherman (Robert Joy) at the conclusion of ''Millennium,'' Michael Anderson's film about time travel has proven itself worthy of admission into the pantheon of movies that are so awful they keep an audience in stitches.
Items on display include drawings by the architect Robert A. M. Stern, fabrics from F. Schumacher & Company, furniture by Philip Hohenlohe and classical trompe l'oeil by Michael Tyson Murphy.
Hills, to determine which Japanese products should be subjected to the punitive duties, which would effectively double their prices in the United States.
My family is from the South.
Hirth said the statement provided grounds for disqualifying Gordon as a hearing officer and making him a witness instead.
The company did not release a figure for average shares outstanding in the quarte.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Vintage Enterprises (AMEX) Qtr to April 1 1989 1988 Revenue 5,740,000 7,913,000 Net loss 1,362,000 708,000 Yr rev 29,278,000 34,191,000 Net loss 1,584,000 1,758,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
University of Notre Dame: Peter V. Ueberroth, former commissioner of baseball (today).
''Uribe has more natural range at shortstop.
In what sounded like an appeal to the Kremlin not to back away further from its support of the Kabul Government, Mr. Najibullah included a passage that diplomats took as a hint that he might eventually request bombing raids by the Soviet Air Force from bases inside the Soviet Union.
After the suit, one of the three remaining all-male clubs voted to admit women.
The indictment of Justice William T. Martin of State Supreme Court shocked lawyers and politicians.
Holmes explained that the First Amendment does not protect a person ''falsely shouting fire in a theater and causing a panic.''
After two hours, the troops left and the United States Embassy sent its Marine guards to help evacuate Americans who wanted to leave.
Unlike the others, it does not concern his business philosophy or the flamboyant hobbies of his fantasylike life.
The Sikh religion, an offshoot of Hinduism with some Muslim influence, has martial heroes and requires men to wear a turban, a steel bracelet, a token ceremonial sword and a particular kind of shorts.
So far, the rhetoric has been tough.
This is a house without a home.
''There are a lot of agents here who are newer and they don't know these people,'' she said.
''The frustration lies in the fact that the business community just is not moving forward,'' said Julie Smith, a member of the Chatham County Commission who is co-chairwoman of Renaissance Savannah.
The Mets produced no runs and a grand total of three singles in Frank Viola's Shea Stadium debut last night, and the result was a 3-0 loss to the St. Louis Cardinals.
The tactic worked; NBC won the night with an 18.9 rating and a 29 share between 9 and 11.
Racism will not be tolerated.
The problem is, it will probably continue to struggle after Haight returns, and when McElroy does, if he does.
Child development experts have found them lacking in ''infant stimulation,'' something that today's parents are more than eager to provide.
Pual Turok POP/JAZZ Tom Petty: 'Full Moon Fever' MCA 6253, all three formats The 1980's barely touched Tom Petty, who has stayed with chiming, country-tinged rock since the early 1970's; the only change is that now he enunciates lyrics more clearly.
There will be truly free elections by spring, without the restrictions Solidarity had to accept in Poland.
The fundamental question is whether developed nations will cut off and punish trade in this form of death, and whether the acquisition of chemical weapons by irresponsible governments and their use by anyone will carry a real penalty - economic, political and perhaps military - even if enforcement injures Western economic or short-term political interests.
Suspended by the kind of stout nylon line used by deep-sea fishermen, for instance, Gauguin's ''Life and Death'' hangs in flat and flickery neon that stills its colors, as if it were no more than a curator's afterthought.
Ambassador to Italy presented his credentials in Rome this week.
I suggest he reacquaint himself with reality.
After the show closes in New York, it will move to museums in Indianapolis, Los Angeles, Anchorage and Ottawa, in a tour arranged by the Smithsonian Institution Traveling Exhibition Service.
Impose a hefty - 75 percent - capital-gains tax on assets held for less than three months, reduce capital gains on assets held for more than six years, and watch the problems disappear.
It kept them on a higher rung, at a healthy remove from the masses.
To The Home Section: Thank you, thank you, thank you for your ground-breaking article on recycling at home [ ''Space for Trash: a New Design Frontier,'' July 27 ] .
Mr. Joseloff is survived by his wife, Pearl; two sons, Gordon, of Westport, Conn., and Michael, of Manhattan; a daughter, Jill, of Manhattan, and two sisters, Jenny Beinfield of Fairfield, Conn., and Minnie Malkin of Manhattan.
''Most civil rights laws rely on punishment after something has gone wrong,'' Mr. Zimroth added.
Barely a day goes by when I do not receive a call from one of our members asking what can be done about one outrageous city policy or another.
The game proceeds by turns.
South was now convinced that the spade king was on his right, and that a finesse could result in a ruff on his left and immediate defeat.
It seems that many of them who had both the incomes and the required cash down payments could not qualify for one reason or another under the standards set by the Federal National Mortgage Association, or Fannie Mae, which was to be the purchaser of the loans.
(Orion released 16 films in 1988.
''What you don't see on the list of scoops,'' says Ross Benson, ''is that two weeks before the birth of Prince William, Dempster revealed that 'she' would be born a girl.''
The Socialists are hardly alone in enjoying this spoils system; all major political parties do more or less the same.
Sales volume in New Haven County, the site of Four Beaches, has fallen by 50 percent from its 1986 peak.
The first manifestation of the new push came July 20, on the 20th anniversary of the lunar landing.
Kohlberg, Kravis; Forstmann Little & Company, and Morgan Stanley & Company's leveraged buyout fund are among the only entities with sufficient equity capital to make a higher bid for one or both of the companies.
He would have been an original with any team: a reclusive, suspicious, brooding goalie, who won 88 and lost 36 in playoff games, with a superb average of 2.73 goals per game.
Elijah Muhammad, as the leader of the Black Muslim Movement, commanded his followers to separate themselves as far as is possible from whites.
There are today Americans who are held against their will in foreign lands, and Americans who are unaccounted for.
He vetoed a bill that would protect them from having to work when it is very hot, very cold, very humid or for more than eight hours at a stretch.
''If you think service means being servile, the hospitality industry probably isn't for you,'' says Dean Clark of Cornell.
''When they went door to door, the kids could wear a costume that you just get by with,'' Mr. Cornish said.
He pledged that the Catholic Church would speak up for human rights and against the ''demeaning'' treatment of demonstrators.
Collaborating with photographers, the star now stands apart from glamour and comments (often ironically) on it.
Following Hudson's voyage, the Dutch settled New Netherlands, which encompassed parts of what are now five states: New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Pennsylvania and Delaware.
It is not yet known whether estrogen patches, which are placed on the skin, will have the same effect.
is going to define it.''
So O'Brien continues to hold his unswerving belief that all he needs is work.
She was 66 years old.
This dish can be made at the last minute and run under the broiler, or it can be made ahead, returned to room temperature and then broiled, just long enough to heat through and brown the cheese.
Latest supply and demand figures from the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants show that in the 1987-88 college year, 46,340 students graduated with B.S.
Recommended appetizers includeplump crab cakes, sauteed shrimp and cedar-planked salmon.
The hourlong program, on Channel 13 at 10 and Channel 49 at 9, is a strong start to a second season of ''The American Experience.''
To the Editor: Your May 12 editorial calling for elimination of the office of City Council president in the City Charter reform misses an important opportunity to reconstitute watchdog functions for the new city government.
The Communist Party lately has complained that private enterprises evade taxes, violate various laws, waste raw materials and widen disparities in incomes.
''Any large investor can move the market, even for a few seconds,'' said James M. Stone, a former chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and currently president of the Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation, an insurer in Boston.
After seven years of back-room restoration, the second-century statue is ready again for public diplay.
In five years, Union Pacific is expected to convert $100 million in preferred shares into 25 percent ownership.
Mr. Pomodoro estimated that his retail store would have sales of about $1 million the first year.
Political leaders on both sides of the Atlantic had put pressure on negotiators to find creative solutions to isolate the beef dispute to prevent affecting other areas of the relationship.
1 guy is suddenly finding his hands tied.
The Brooklyn District Attorney's office and the police are investigating whether the attack was connected to other recent rapes and sexual assaults in Coney Island.
A rise of five-tenths of 1 percent in housing - 42 percent of the index -resulted mainly from steep increases in the prices of electricity and natural gas; fuel oil rose at a slower pace than in October.
''We have two years worth of chemistry, biology, physics to do,'' she complained.
Gotti whiled away his second sentence weight lifting and gaining peculiar perquisites.
Extensive Field Operation Bolstered by appeals from the pulpit in black churches and by recruits from labor unions representing municipal employees, teachers and hospital, garment and communications workers, Mr. Dinkins was widely credited with the most extensive field operation.
A Paint Job Question:My apartment in a rent-stabilized building has not been painted since 1979 and the paint is peeling from the ceiling.
Parental choice is both politically and educationally attractive: the idea of letting parents vote with their children's feet for or against particular schools unites liberals and conservatives in the belief that good schools will drive out bad ones.
Justice O'Connor said that when Congress passed Section 1983, five years after it enacted Section 1981, it intended the newer law to provide ''the exclusive Federal remedy'' for seeking damages against government agencies for civil rights violations.
Canadians may find bargains in skis, furniture, computers and telephone handsets under the tariff cuts that took effect at midnight on Dec. 31.
Analysts speculated that the cameras would be designed for specific users like children or the elderly.
Still, the economy is more and more conducive to easing by the Fed.''
(Details of a variety of Nile programs are on page 37 as part of the cruise guide published in this issue) The high season - the coolest time for travel - runs roughly from November to April.
Carrie Lee Nelson, who entertains frequently, has had a jar of maraschino cherries in the refrigerator of her Kensington, Md., home since last summer.
Educators are meeting with care givers because there are an increasing number who are not familiar with such safety features as the parking-lot routine of not allowing a child to run free in that area.
''We were in Hungary for three weeks,'' said an East German coal miner in his early 20's who crossed the border shortly after midnight with a companion.
Those who oppose it, including President Julio Maria Sanguinetti, say a victory by those trying to overturn the amnesty granted to the police and armed forces in December 1986 could put at risk the country's four-year-old democracy by setting up a confrontation between the armed forces and civilian authority.
It is not clear what evidence there was against them, how important a role they played in the unrest, or how they were arrested.
Taylor has two seasons remaining on a contract that will pay him $1.1 million this year and $1.2 million next year.
Various reports have said he served in Indochina, Yemen, Chad and Libya.
The bottom line is that profit margins for drugstores are squeezed, Mr. Briggs said.
In fact, processes there are developing swiftly.
We cannot wish away today's high costs by clicking our ruby slippers together three times and repeating, ''There's nothing like the old days.''
That feeling is reinforced when the waitress suggests dribbling olive oil over the bread.
On the surface, that view seems more humorous than realistic.
Industries unit; the State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company and Fireman's Fund.
When the whistle never came, Terreri put the puck down in front of his goal for Bruce Driver, one of his defenseman.
* Daniel Langdon has been named senior vice president of public relations at the Ad Council.
Believers and Nonbelievers Fresh insights were what Professor Visotzky, a Conservative rabbi, had hoped for in initiating the meetings a year and a half ago.
Closing Import-Export Gap ''There will be no discrimination between the public and private sector,'' Mr. Mubarak told Parliament.
He was 79 years old and lived in Manhattan.
The 138 technicians, from the Federal Radiological Monitoring and Assessment Center, usually monitor atomic bomb tests and have never before attended a shuttle launching.
My divorce lawyer told me about expensive battles between couples for the family pets, but custody was never an issue with us.
''We were talking about having our own fire plans,'' she said today at a motel where the Red Cross had given lodging to those left homeless.
I told the staff to get four players or I was leaving.
And he might have thought of retreating to six spades, losing 800 if the defense were perfect, after North's somewhat greedy redouble.
The lawsuit led to a Federal court order that will force a district-by-district vote rather than a citywide one to elect seven City Council members on Dec. 5.
''I told him Antron wasn't telling the truth,'' the detective said.
Characters become sentimentalized; all events turn portentous; actions lose their ambiguity of motive; and a tone of overwrought lyricism drenches the narrative in melodrama.
A Soviet diplomat in Phnom Penh said that the Khmer Rouge would have to move quickly, making its mark in this dry season before the spring, or risk being regarded by both the Cambodians and the world as ''a paper tiger.''
There's a fresh ''Anne of Green Gables'' quality to the first third of ''Ancestors,'' as Lucy apprentices herself to a half-crazed aunt who's a kind of sorceress and as she proudly and intrepidly handles the miseries of a jungle school full of half-wits and louts.
The entertainment at the Apollo has few if any answers to such questions.
''There should be more pessimism.''
I remember as though it were yesterday.
Simmons crawled up to the quarterback, then hit him laterally at the knee.
begins playing Glenn Miller's ''In The Mood,'' and I wonder how she knew it would be a lindy.
Besides Ereng, other champions from Seoul include Roger Kingdom and Andre Phillips, who will compete in the 55-meter hurdles, Peter Rono of Kenya in a college mile race, Gennadi Avdyenko of the Soviet Union in the high jump, Jackie Joyner-Kersee in the women's 55-meter hurdles, Evelyn Ashford in the 55-meter dash, Louise Ritter in the women's high jump and Paula Ivan of Rumania in the mile.
b-After a $5.2 million loss from discontinued operations.
Ms. Serrano goes one step further.
I hear all these people every day who plead with me to come back to save the city we all love.
After her divorce in 1976, she organized and ran support groups for older divorced women.
The result was Proposal 42.
The state's ability to generate power, Mr. Bradford said, ''is substantially in excess of reserve requirements.''
This may have been arguable two years ago, but not now.
Next Wednesday at 7 P.M., Abigail Kirsch will hold a dinner for 40 in her kitchen in Bedford Hills, N.Y.; on April 9 Maxime Ribera will be host at a luncheon for 80 in his restaurant in Granite Springs, N.Y., and on April 22 Ed Giobbi will prepare an Italian regional feast for 50 guests in the home of Ken and Janet Gilmore in Mount Kisco, N.Y.
Under those rules, the horse with the faster winning time would be declared the winner, and Probe had the faster time.
On Thursday, Representative Lee H. Hamilton sent a letter to C. Boyden Gray, the White House counsel, asking him to ''undertake an immediate review to determine whether documents were withheld from the Iran-contra committees.''
The seven-member board deliberated in private for more than two hours yesterday on how to go about finding a successor to Dr. Richard R. Green, who died suddenly last week after only 14 months as the chancellor.
With Danny Ferry nursing a sore back, the Blue Devils did not fare much better from the perimeter, either.
''You feel like a kid again.
Now it seems that they've waited just about as long as they can.''
Eleanor P. Brenner gave four intimate showings in her showroom instead of an extravagant one in a hotel and gave the money she saved to help battered women; her casual clothes also won plaudits.
Harvard 6, Dartmouth 5 CAMBRIDGE, Mass.
As in ''Mala Noche,'' Mr. Van Sant, who collaborated on the screenplay for ''Drugstore Cowboy'' with Daniel Yost, neither glamorizes nor sharply censures his characters.
And even if her name were announced, few would know that she was the designer who turned the 1898 neo-classical structure into one of Manhattan's top tourist attractions.
In addition to president and vice president, voters chose 127 members of the 254-seat Chamber of Deputies, one member of the 46-member Senate, and hundreds of provincial, territorial and municipal officeholders.
''That was the key,'' said Stephen Thompson, the Orangemen's junior forward.
In the lengthy process of mending our wrongs, guilt functions as a spur to conscience.
And the Vitalis/Meadowlands Invitational at Byrne Meadowlands Arena in East Rutherford, N.J., on Feb. 10 will include the first Bill Cosby Masters series as well as his appearance in a celebrity relay.
''We want a broad audience,'' Mr. Johnson said, ''but we never want to forget our mandate: to give black audiences a full range of black entertainment and information.''
Ferenczi's passion for cure may have been an effective form of self-promotion, but most of his innovations, if we accept him at his word, were ''exaggerations'' and errors.
In addition, two members of the Bass family of Texas said that they were considering making an offer to acquire the company.
''The 'Red Jackie' in the Stroher collection and in the Factory are the two we know about,'' said George Frei by telephone this week from the Thomas Ammann Gallery in Zurich, where he is working on the Warhol catalogue raisonne for Mr. Ammann.
During the 1960's cosmic catastrophe theories found so much favor among the counterculture that by 1974 Carl Sagan felt compelled to hold a session, sponsored by the American Association for the Advancement of Science, to put Velikovsky in his place.
It's left to the otherwise unprepossessing town of Cahokia, just across the river from South St. Louis, to tell French tales.
This time, there was no censorship at all.''
The Pennsylvania delegation to Congress, including Senator John Heinz, a Republican with a strong environmental record, lobbied hard for Federal financing for the breakwater.
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development today called on industrialized countries to deregulate their economies further.
An entertaining and cautionary demonstration that simple common sense can clear a lot of fog from quantitative propositions in everyday life.
When he and the farmer returned, the cow was tied with two dog leashes and ''munching away on my sod,'' Mr. Rydju said.
Led by John Zorn, the composer and saxophonist, the Oscar Pettiford Project delves into the repertory of the great jazz cellist and bassist for whom the group is named.
Following them are Towson State (6-2), Hofstra (6-2), Massachusetts (5-1) and, in a tie for 14th, Adelphi (6-2) and Virginia (5-3).
But the Bayreuth Festival's appearance was a coup for the Tokyu Group, a business conglomerate of department stores, supermarkets, real estate, railways and other enterprises.
''As a team, they're complementing each other out there, and we could see that happening,'' LaFontaine said of the Rangers, whose choreography captivated the Islanders when they should have been working on dissolving it.
He said Mr. Botha would nominate an Acting President on Thursday.
The lower the number, the more acidic the rain.
Here are some of the sites: SELKIRK LIGHTHOUSE, by the mouth of the Salmon River leading into Lake Ontario.
The armory is at 643 Park Avenue, at 66th Street, and admission is $10.
''One Day in the Woods'' was adapted for theatrical presentation by Jean Craighead George from her book of the same title, and set to music by Chris Kubie and the late Fritz Kramer.
Officials also said in interviews that there had been an easing of some aspects of domestic life and politics.
Some in the Reagan White House, he said, had wanted a report finding harmful effects, to be used in the campaign against Roe v. Wade, the Supreme Court decision that legalized abortion.
This is a very sophisticated town.''
David Bamberger has circulated to the members of his board a compilation of the pans and put-downs Beethoven's Ninth Symphony received from critics at its 1824 premiere, so, just in case, they can fortify themselves for the worst.
For Mrs. Aquino, her aides and advisers say, it was a crucial change in thinking, prompted by gnawing fears that the next phase of the well-financed, well-organized attempt to topple her almost four-year old Government may just be starting.
In each game the Jets' defense held the opposition to fewer than 75 yards rushing.
I had been at Lunacharsky's among poets and directors like Mayakovsky and Meyerhold.
Amy Heckerling, who wrote and directed ''Look Who's Talking,'' says her own daughter was the inspiration for the film, a comedy in which a small baby's thoughts are heard on the soundtrack.
They fell to the Islanders after an impressive performance in Montreal and dropped two to Quebec last week after a 1-0 triumph over Edmonton.
He offered it as a compromise, and, as happened time and again in the budget preparations, it was what Mr. Bush accepted in his final presentation.
The death of Karen Wood proved to have a strange persistence in the public imagination.
Recently he appeared in three much-promoted television movies, ''A Gathering of Old Men,'' ''The Father Clements Story'' and ''Roots: The Gift,'' wherein the actor reprised the role of Fiddler, which had won him an Emmy and made him something of a cultural icon when the original ''Roots'' mini-series was telecast in 1977.
A WAGGISH SCHOLAR once observed that the writing of history might be classified as one of the performing arts because it calls for so much interpretation.
Business at gasoline stations and restaurants generally picks up too, because of increased traffic.
Miss Muller has had the imagination to add this emotionally distancing dimension and yet she creates only an enigma - which is precisely what keeps the viewer from feeling involved.
After the proceedings, lawyers for Eastern's unions said their main hope for finding a buyer was that the two interested buyers would strengthen their offers before Monday.
There are now about 40 restored Victorian bed and breakfast inns, some spectacularly furnished throughout with Victorian antiques.
And there is much more: breads, pastries, salads, cheeses, muffins and sandwiches.
If you don't like this tax, tell us where you'll get the money,' '' this adviser said.
Some of the services appear to be stronger than others.
The expression >looking forward to, however, uses >to as a preposition preceding a noun or pronoun, not an infinitive.
In essence, it would be a national free public preschool.
Other women eschewed the trusty knitted cap in favor of plaid earmuffs, felt fedoras and, in the case of Mandy Morrison, a black angora toque with a showy bow that could have gone to tea with the Mad Hatter.
The seismic gap hypothesis was used to successfully predict the likelihood of magnitude 7.7 earthquake in Alaska in 1979, a magnitude 7.7 earthquake in Mexico in 1978, and a magnitude 7.8 earthquake in Chile in 1985.
The 24-year-old Gooden agreed to a three-year, $6.7 million contract that will make him the highest paid Mets player in history and, at least briefly, the highest paid player in baseball.
Chick-Fil-A is the nation's fourth-largest chicken chain, according to Nation's Restaurant News.
The city of Johannesburg opened swimming pools and recreational centers to all races today and proceeded with plans to desegregate buses.
Mrs. Lasry, an account executive at Salvatore Ferragamo in New York, graduated from the Charlotte Country Day Schools and Trinity College in Hartford.
Such leading members of PEN as Arthur Miller, the American playwright, long had encouraged a Soviet chapter.
Half-day Sightseeing Tours of Rome, Florence, Venice and Milan, including admissions where necessary.
Original Instrumental Background Score: ''The Last Emperor.''
It's possible for any old rock act to reproduce ancient hits for decades, and even to crank out new songs that vaguely recall those hits.
If I didn't know these scenes so well, I would almost say that they were by Francis Bacon, or by one of the German Expressionists.
They had expected her brother, James Jr., to assume the microphone.
''By fusing the sweep of opera with the naturalism of the musical play, 'Miss Saigon' is the best of the new school of the British musicals,'' Mark Steyn wrote today in a review in The Independent.
Her mother took her and a younger brother away from the ''diseased'' house to Europe and eventually settled in Montreux, Switzerland.
The Administration proposal, submitted to Congress in June, calls for the auto industry to begin producing up to a million vehicles annually by the mid-1990's that would burn an unspecified ''alternative fuel.''
After getting settled, I went to a yoga class geared by the instructor, Margit Corner, to a variety of skill levels.
But it has become more acceptable for men and women in business to make changes they may have considered trivial.
Repression TEMPTATION, by Vaclav Havel; translated by Marie Winn; directed by Jiri Zizka; scenery by Jerry Rojo; costumes by Hiroshi Iwasaki; lighting by Jerold R. Forsyth; music by Adam Wernick; sound effects by Charles Cohen; projection design by Jeffrey S. Brown; choreography by Raymond G. del Barrio; associate producer, Jason Steven Cohen.
At lunch, appetizers are $6 to $9, entrees $13 to $18; at dinner, appetizers are $6 to $13, entrees $21 to $27.
In Ganges, or in the smaller villages of Fulford and Vesuvius, there are plenty of galleries and arts and craft shops for browsing.
In his definitive work about running performance, ''Inside Running'' (Benchmark Publishers, Indianapolis, 1986), Costill wrote that ''a 60 to 70 percent reduction in training during the two weeks before a major race would dramatically improve a runner's performance.''
Surely, anything that requires waiting in Purgatory will have to be Heaven, no?
''The U.S. has perhaps the strongest patent laws in the world,'' said Wayne Denney, head of the American delegation.
The show, ''Gustav Klimt: 125 Drawings,'' explores the work of the Austrian artist, a founder of the Austrian Sezession, a turn-of-the-century group of avant-garde artists.
The District Attorney's office had considered dropping that charge on the ground that it never believed that Lisa's death was an intentional homicide.
If you had asked me in October the chances of his leaving New York, on a scale of 1 to 10, it wouldn't have even been on the scale.''
Those who resist efforts to maintain a viable semiconductor industry should remember that sorry episode.
Mr. Hardwick is portraying himself as a true conservative trying to thwart the Governor's liberal instincts on taxes.
Such waivers, he said, can save public housing authorities as much as 12 months of delay.
For ticket information call 668-2544.
If one is looking for enhancers, however, Ireland presents rich pickings.
He did it to make a living, because it was easier than the other jobs he'd had - working at a sawmill and a hospital, working as a service station attendant, a janitor, a delivery boy, a textbook editor.
Three weeks ago Prime Minister Mahdi disowned a peace proposal negotiated by one of his coalition parties, and reorganized his Government to pursue a harder line.
Thornton Wilder, Aaron Copland, Willa Cather, Stephen Vincent Benet and Studs Terkel all spent formative periods in the retreat at little or no cost.
Iran announced its recognition hours after dismissing its Ambassador to Bucharest for having failed to inform Teheran of growing opposition to Mr. Ceausescu before he visited Iran last week.
To prepare the party for its novel task of confronting an opposition in open politics, intense preparations are under way for a party congress that is to open on Oct. 6 and is to adopt a program of change.
At the Dyckman House, at Broadway and West 204th Street in upper Manhattan, the stamp is a hearth with a three-legged pot to remind visitors to this Dutch colonial farmhouse of its extraordinary cellar kitchen and hearth.
* Hoechst Celanese Corp., a chemical and textile manufacturer, said John Fennie would retire as corporate vice president and president of its textile fibers group.
I carefully removed the paint, remembering the white and red layers from way back, the undercoats of green and another white before my time, down to the original light pine.
It is the buildup of this carbon dioxide, more than any other factor, that scientists say will produce the greenhouse effect, raising the world's average temperature three to nine degrees in the next few generations.
''Is there no compromise in you, as there is in us?''
5 Israel is pleased hostage is spared 5 Arab-Americans fear hostility aroused by the purported killing of an American by a pro-Iranian group.
On the point of giving up territory, though, Mr. Shamir has made clear for years that he would not yield.
One year he took a course in jogging but dropped it.
''This is a small effort, obviously,'' Mr. Stevens said.
With the crucial help of his colleague Charles L. Schultze, he led the Brookings program called Setting National Priorities, which tried desperately, brilliantly but so far unsuccessfully to give greater order and coherence to the way the United States Government spends the public's money.
we shall explain to the passengers what is happening.
Another element that stiffens the defenses is that many in the garrison belong to the Khalq faction of the ruling People's Democratic Party, the hard-line group that organized the 1978 coup.
Political opponents call it a Tory ploy to weaken the local authorities, which tend to be dominated by the opposition Labor Party.
Hills, as well as the Democratic leadership of Congress, they said.
Under state law, said Lewis B. Oliver Jr., the lawyer for the Pine Barrens Society, further action on the projects named in the suit is halted until the court reviews the case and decides whether a cumulative environmental study is warranted.
A17 Seizing adult bookstore inventories before a court has found any of the publications to be obscene is prohibited by the First Amendment, the Supreme Court ruled.
The Green Monster gets all the attention.
The assets of the 141 institutional funds decreased by $645.4 million, to $84.21 billion.
Dick Modzelewski, the former Giants defensive tackle, was Krumrie's first line coach at Cincinnati, and told the rookie something he is still proud of.
Miss Plisetskaya's father, Mikhail, was one of the millions of victims of Stalin's great purge in 1937.
The three mediating countries abandoned a first attempt to negotiate a cease-fire in July, saying their efforts had stalled.
The 600-foot vessel, the Tor Scandinavia, was on its way from Goteborg, Sweden, to Harwich, on Britain's east coast, when the fire started, the police said.
''AMR has been operating pursuant to a highly successful, long-term plan designed to create growth and value,'' the directors said.
But he was intercepted twice by Ed Givens, an Army cornerback, and both led to Army touchdowns.
Today's epidemic of elision was helped along by those of us who write fiction.
''Once you get that heel in the throat, don't stop to reset it.''
They could scarcely bother to stir, yet they grew perky when Ms. Thomas sauntered by.
By and large, they are doing the very opposite.
President Ronald Reagan had named a New York lawyer, Stuart A.
Often it will go 15 plies deep and has been known to go as deep as 40 plies.
Soon the cars became the darlings of West German curio collectors, and the bane of environmentalists and high-speed motorists.
Rose said the check was for property in Somerset, Mass.
He seems to have scant feeling for the tensions and releases of Verdian line, and no more than nominal feeling for the need of singers to breathe musically, but his work here was appreciably more convincing than it has sometimes been at the house.
At that time, mortgage rates were touching 18 percent and A.T.&T.
They questioned students trying to enter and took some away, presumably for further questioning.
The house is sleek and white, and its glass walls are cantilevered out over the hills; two elegantly dressed women lounge inside as the lights of the vast sprawl of the Los Angeles basin twinkle below.
Horrifying Accounts But for Chinese students in the United States, the political intrigue behind the army's brutal repression was for now secondary to the horrifying accounts of violence filtering in.
Among other things, the company said that it had caused no losses to the Government because of mortgages it oversaw.
The award will be presented at the society's awards evening, March 9 at the Sheraton Park Hotel in New York.
Problems: Toxic wastes have contaminated air, soil and water.
These events were reported to the F.B.I.
Before patching, all rust must be removed by scraping or sanding, and rotted metal cut away so that only solid material remains.
The pianist Vladimir Feltsman is to play Beethoven's first and last Sonatas and Mussorgsky's ''Pictures at an Exhibition'' at 3 P.M. Sunday at Avery Fisher Hall.
Automation in Evidence Elsewhere in the plant, robots and other forms of automation are much in evidence.
As a utility infielder whose career batting average was .279, he played 249 games at shortstop, 105 at second base, 95 at third base and 3 at first base.
It isn't working and even the so-called experts can't understand the details.''
West Germany basically relinquished claim to any Polish territory by establishing relations with Warsaw nearly two decades ago.
As the distance narrowed, they awaited the order to draw their carbines and fire, but Colonel Sumner suddenly shouted ''Draw sabres!''
funds, the decision had been made by his predecessor, Mr. Pierce, and did not appear to be a violation of any H.U.D.
''Why can black people go up to each other and say, 'nigger,' but when a white guy does it all of a sudden it's a big put-down?''
Her father is the president of Brittingham Inc. in Wilmington, Del., a member of the New York Stock Exchange, and a former president of the Thoroughbred Racing Association.
REDSKINS' WILLIAMS IN HOSPITAL CARLISLE, Pa., July 28 (AP) -Doug Williams, the Washington Redskins quarterback, was admitted to a hospital in Virginia today to receive treatment for his ailing back, team officials said.
''She went home to measure.''
Mr. Bush singled them out for their valor and sacrifice.
Although they look like well-designed versions of the instant boxed dinners sold in supermarkets, these are a far cry from those dehydrated products that require only boiling water.
Even the debate over school reform is sometimes carried out in terms of cost-benefit analyses.
''It took us by surprise.
Thus Ms. Schreiber's illustrations of Octavio Paz's poem ''On Reading John Cage,'' and Mr. Cage's essay ''White on Blanco,'' dedicated to Mr. Paz, will be complemented by readings of those works by Eliot Weinberger and Cecilia Vicuna.
That is not automatically morally wrong.''
No doubt, some inconsistencies exist.
Economic security is important, but so is the old venture-capital adage, ''Funds chase good deals and not the other way around.''
The relationship between advertising and art will be explored when the Museum of Modern Art opens its sixth annual exhibition of British advertising films.
I don't like it, but if everyone started doing what they wanted .
''This initiative is currently behind schedule,'' the officials wrote.
In fall Concord is one of many stops on the foliage trail leading north toward Vermont.
Last month, King Hussein promised a ''gradual reduction'' in the activities of the martial law courts and said their responsibilities would be transferred to civil courts.
Even as private practice has grown logarithmically more lucrative, many lawyers still aspire to the bench, or at least say they do.
Consider the misleading way we have come to visualize a fetus: as a sort of larval angel, suspended against a neutral background.
It is just one of countless vignettes (involving stock scams, sex discrimination, sports records, elections, accounting procedures, lotteries, parapsychological claims, medical and insurance frauds, coincidences, even probabilistic strategies for choosing the ideal mate) that could be constructed to illuminate various quantitative aspects of our public and private lives.
A7 In the Vienna arms talks, the Soviet bloc moved closer to the West's approach by suggesting a new regional limit on conventional forces in central Europe.
The Astoria Stakes for 2-year-old fillies at Belmont Wednesday could feature the impressive recent maiden-race winners De La Devil (by Devil's Bag-De La Rose) and Stella Madrid (by Alydar-My Juliet).
THE BOUGH BREAKS CRADLE SONG, book and lyrics by Mary Bracken Phillips; music by Jan Mullaney; directed by Anthony J. Stimac; set design, Richard Ellis; lighting design, Clarke W. Thornton; costume design, Amanda J. Klein; sound design, Daryl Borenstein; musical direction, Keith Levenson and Mr. Mullaney; production stage manager, Sandra M. Franck; arrangements and orchestrations, Mr. Levenson.
For the last week, the State Department has refrained from indicating whether the P.L.O.
IT was once Coney Island's Statue of Liberty, an impressive symbol beckoning to passing oceanliners.
He said a report that 60,000 people had fled the region was exaggerated.
It rose 87.50 points for the week, to 2,322.86.
President Bush arrived here tonight on the eve of a summit gathering of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization with the alliance deeply divided over Bonn's insistence on reducing the threat of short-range nuclear missiles to German territory.
I remember one such afternoon in Florence when the charm I derived from my personality was at a low point.
''We like to live out here and more development is going to make things worse.''
In an interview with The Washington Post that was published today, the Deputy Secretary of Defense, Donald J. Atwood Jr., said the current practice saves money in the short term but has led to contractors cutting corners.
At that point, the clutter cutters of choice are remote controls that can mimic the commands of your other controllers.
The court yesterday granted the petitioning shareholders the right to join in the hearings on the Paramount suit.
Dr. Carrington held second in a four-way photo-finish for the minor awards, with Pok Ta Pok a neck back in third.
Our ability to make these decisions for ourselves is the result of exceptional foresight by the village fathers some 95 years ago when they decided to build and own the utility.
The sponsor is thus able to provide a purchase incentive to prospective buyers during a conversion to co-op or condominium ownership.
''I made the distinction between what I call political access and political influence,'' Mr. Bush told the House panel.
A tragedy, if you will.
''You would really like to have T.P.A.
Geza Kotai, secretary for international affairs of the Hungarian Communist Party, said Friday that his delegation disagreed with charges of ''revanchism'' and ''neo-fascism'' gaining ground in certain countries.
The bride, who will keep her name, graduated from the Columbus School for Girls and Vassar College.
Erik Howard, the nose tackle, said that in Wednesday's practice he suffered a partial tear of a ligament in his right knee.
''So I brought this instead.''
Priests are barred from ministering to prison inmates.
Garemma, a Shananie colt whose eight victories this year at New York tracks are the most by any horse, ran well in his stakes debut.
The ministers noted today that new food shipments would be needed by Poland early in 1990, and they called for contributions.
High on the list of Moldavian demands was a law establishing Moldavian as the prevailing language of official business in the republic.
''My problem is that I think the combination of low business activity and diminishing inflation is going to result in disappointments in profits in the second half of this year and particularly in 1990,'' he said.
Wandering through this city are a series of types - an Italian-American elevator repairman, an up-and-coming talent agent, a shy librarian - whose paths occasionally cross and who each search for romance, professional happiness, a sense of belonging.
The United States has not won the cup since beating France in 1982; Paraguay has never won it.
The Federal Department of Labor reported recently that for the first six months of 1989, Nassau and Suffolk lost 5,000 jobs.
The company said interest costs on the new debt to finance the Texaco Canada acquisition reduced earnings by $25 million, after tax.
For example, we will be transferring 24 FF-1052 Knox Class frigates to the reserves over a four-year period.
That proposal was issued, however, in the context of another rebel plan to postpone El Salvador's presidential election for six months.
''It was intended to save hundreds of millions of dollars in unfunded pension liabilities,'' he continued.
''We found that because of the operating-cost savings, the rate of return for energy-related work is substantially higher than for non-energy-related M.C.I.'s.
The numbers are still being assembled, but I would expect that for 1988 there hasn't been a terrible improvement in its capital relative to other banks of its size.
The Massachusetts law prompted legislatures in 14 other states to explore health insurance packages, according to the Intergovermental Health Policy Project at George Washington University.
Traders said the rally was fueled by another decline in bond yields, as investors apparently discounted a higher-than-expected seven-tenths of 1 percent increase in consumer prices for April, which was attributed mainly to higher gasoline prices.
A 1984 survey by Pumpkin Show officials found that the show added more than $6 million to the local economy.
Already the People's Liberation Army seems to be partially out of the control of leaders in Beijing.
Members of the chapter that lost its charter are considered alumni and will not be allowed in the new chapter.
I just make sure I have a lot of it around.''
DESPITE problems facing the $42 billion electronics components industry, some smaller companies in high-growth niche markets are showing significant earnings momentum.
''A startling tale of physical and psychic disintegration .
So that at first I didn't even notice the video cameras set on the roofs of some of the houses, pointed into the street.
By almost any standard, the Entry Team Striker-12 shotgun is a wicked-looking weapon, so much so that its distributor, Dick Delong, thinks the officer wielding it might not even have to squeeze the trigger.
He testified at public hearings more than a year ago that Mr. Spargo received at least $49,000 as counsel to Pyramid.
Presidential Support Needed ''He has veto power, and there's no way to override a veto on a tax increase,'' the Senate majority leader, George J. Mitchell of Maine, said today.
considers trade secrets ''things that give us a substantial competitive advantage and are not naturally disclosed over time,'' he said.
Most of these will darken the wood more than oil.
Two high school girls and a college student were wounded by stray bullets outside a Queens high school yesterday, apparently when an assistant principal trying to break up a fight was fired upon, police and school officials said.
There's a lot of stability on and off the ice.''
But the epoch of conscious construction of ideal societies died in Western Europe a long time ago.
This busyness doesn't simply telegraph comedy routines.
Eleanor Bride Kennelly, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James J. Kennelly of Hartford, was married yesterday to Victor Alexandre Gaetan, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Ion Gaetan of Ploesti, Rumania.
''What we have to show for weeks of wheeling and dealing in conference is an outrageous compromise corrupted by political and parochial avarice,'' said Representative Larry J. Hopkins, a Kentucky Republican who is a member of the House Armed Services Committee.
The company said the results for the latest and year-ago first quarters do not include results of its unconsolidated subsidiary, Elsub Group.
''It can't be Wesleyan University Press without poetry,'' he said.
Spokesmen for many of the campaigns say they will begin personal attacks only if they are attacked first.
The AIDS program director, Mark Henrickson, described Hartford as a ''third wave'' city, hit by the brunt of the epidemic later than New York City or secondary cities that are larger than Hartford or closer to New York, like Boston and New Haven.
Pursuing space missions is important, but not just for economic and scientific reasons.
McCord, a senior at the Academy of St. Joseph's in Brentwood, L.I., took the 55-meter dash in 7.1 seconds, the 300 meters in 42.7 seconds and the 600 meters in 1 minute 36.2 seconds, a meet mark.
He may go to church on Sunday and bow his head with a clear conscience, mount the bison head on his den wall and proclaim to all who will listen what a great shot he is and what a tough hunt it was.
Chilean fruit was removed from store shelves after the agency found traces of cyanide in two seedless red grapes.
Partner in Law Press Mr. Hovgard also was a partner in the National Law Press of New York, which published the institute's materials.
He was the author of ''Cooperative Housing and Community Development'' and a consultant on development projects for organizations like the United Nations, the Municipal Art Society, the Settlement Housing Fund, Rand Institute and the City of Hoboken.
''There is no question that it hurt,'' Mr. Giuliani told reporters yesterday.
As the bus pulls away, the journey has only just begun.
''We don't know what will happen next year, but maybe.
Last week the host celebrated 75 years of what he described as an ''enchanting'' life, with an elaborate chocolate cake, great clumps of peonies and 150 friends of diverse ages, sizes and shapes.
The plant already has six orders - two from established air shippers and four from latecomers to the international air freight business, Evergreen International Aviation Inc., with three planes ordered, and United Parcel Service Inc., with one on order.
It has been a long and steady downward spiral for this onetime center of shoe factories and thriving shops 25 miles south of Boston.
Mr. Munro was speaking of remarks by some student leaders that the experience of greater sexual freedom was an important part of the democracy movement.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Laclede Gas Co (NYSE) Qtr to Dec 31 1988 1987 Revenue 127,770,000 125,225,000 Net inc 7,279,000 7,632,000 Share earns .93 .96 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Some say the heavily favored A's simply had too much hitting for the Giants.
Some of them clearly need rethinking in the light of the new realities of global competition.
Before coming to Cornell in 1984, Fouts had been a head coach at Ohio Wesleyan for 20 years.
A written opinion is to be issued later by the appeals court.
Asan Tole, a major commercial lane, leads out of the old section to the placid waters of Ranipokhari, the Queen's Pond, while the road north leads to colorful tourist clothing, used trekking gear, Tibetan crafts, embroidered T-shirts and other treasures of Thamel.
Around noon, the Muslim call to prayer breaks the silence as it rings out from a loudspeaker, announcing that there is only one God and that Mohammed is his Prophet.
There are more than 6,000 brokers and traders at the two exchanges.
A dancer opens himself, at first haltingly, to the spirit of the drum.
''I don't think there will be an honoraria ban, not in the short-term,'' said Represenative William H. Gray 3d, Democrat of Pennsylvania, one of the few members of Congress who had publicly endorsed the raise.
A spokeswoman at South Fulton Hospital said one passenger was in serious condition with multiple broken ribs and two others had broken bones.
Only then will the West gain the necessary public support to drive hard bargains, as it did when Moscow accepted NATO's call for the mutual elimination of all medium-range missiles.
The company sometimes uses the proceeds from that sale to buy back stock from existing shareholders to prevent dilution of their earnings per share.
Under the computerized scoring system, his bout with the 1988 Olympic champion, Andreas Zuelow of East Germany, was scored 15-15.
I could have told them to go to hell, but I didn't.''
Kerosene, by Devil's Bag, won a Feb. 18 Gulfstream allowance race in the same time as Dixieland Band in the Fountain of Youth the same afternoon.
James M. Allison, 36, was named president and chief operating officer of the Wheeling Power Company, Wheeling, W. Va., effective Oct. 1.
What is it that rouses us and incites us against people pursuing innocent and healthful objectives?
The Civilian Ratio One civilian priest serves about 900 people, up from 700 people in 1965 as the number of priests has dropped to 56,000 from 62,000, according to church figures.
Others note that Japan has long had a history of isolation and distrust of people from other countries.
''Toothed whales eat larger fish or squid,'' Mr. Sieswerda said, ''while the balleen whales, which are larger, take big gulps of sea water and strain the food through the bony balleen structure, an efficient sieve-like mechanism.''
b-After an extraordinary tax benefit of $19,000 from tax loss carryforward.
The group took three weeks to repeat and check its results, Dr. Lynn said, and ''the bottom line is that the Brookhaven National Laboratory-Yale University experiment sees no neutrons'' beyond those coming from cosmic rays and other natural sources.
''Higher volume, particularly in the domestic market, led our sales growth,'' Heinz's president, Anthony J. F. O'Reilly, said.
He was understood to be referring to Morningstar Foods Inc., a Dallas-based company that last year bought the dairy business of the Southland Corporation, operator of 7-Eleven convenience stores.
Mr. Kemp told reporters that the program would cost the Government at least $3 billion more in reduced taxes.
I just don't think that it's historically important.
Gospel, Male: ''Christmas,'' Larnelle Harris.
RALPH R. SUNDQUIST Bloomfield, Conn.
''This is a first step, and the rest will be decided by the long judicial process here.''
This is the Villa Bonciani, where Tchaikovsky wrote his Third Suite for Orchestra and parts of ''Capriccio Italien'' and the opera ''The Maid of Orleans.''
''I have received only promises, delays, and lies, the same problems that caused me to defect from the U.S.S.R.,'' Gundarev wrote.
At the State University's Neuberger Museum here, that has been Nancy Miller's situation since the end of last year, when she became its acting director upon the departure of Suzanne Delehanty.
The person takes small or imagined slights and setbacks as proof, may be obsessed with correcting some injustice, often by suing, and is typically angry, hostile and violent.
Yet some bankers and brokers say Waterford Wedgwood may not have to worry much about being takeover bait.
Chubb began rejecting applications for drought policies in mid-June.
But it rejected an appeal by the South African authorities for the guerrillas to give themselves up and be escorted under United Nations supervision back to their bases in Angola.
Jennifer Gelfand was one of Miss Williams's last pupils.
Miss Muratova, who was born in Rumania and now lives in Odessa, is one of the few women who make films in the Soviet Union.
To my mind, the arbitrary grouping overwhelms the originality and when I look back, for example, on the ''Best Short Stories of the Year'' collections I find that the stories no longer exist separately, they adhere to one another, like badly cooked rice.
A Missed Opportunity Joan C. Weiss, executive director of the Baltimore-based National Institute Against Prejudice and Violence, said that ''obviously there are dangers inherent in any kind of mass effort, but I don't think that's a reason not to have a march.''
back to something, but he couldn't go all the way.''
''It's a small country, not so important to China's economy.
Arnaldo Antonio Vasquez, had initially opposed the order to kill the peasants but ultimately carried it out.
Positive Tone Welcomed Why do they happen at all?
Len Fontes was the defensive backfield coach since Parcells took over in 1983.
''This does not establish the degree of national consensus that this Court has previously thought sufficient to label a particular punishment cruel and unusual,'' Justice Scalia said.
Repatriation or resettlement before that date was to be voluntary.
When the Signers proclaimed a new nation based on revolutionary principles, its name was an invention: the United States of America.
A talented and dedicated adviser, Ronald Mezzadri, led students in the planning of a wonderful prom - drug-free, alcohol-free.
THIRTY-SIX YEARS AGO, in one of those wonderful twists of politics, the newly inaugurated President Dwight D. Eisenhower made good on a private pledge that he never dreamed he'd have to keep.
''They are going through a great transition,'' says Darrell Posey, an American anthropologist who has worked in Gorotire for more than a decade.
Current circumstances present the best opportunity in the postwar era to realize these objectives through a combination of unilateral and bilateral initiatives to demilitarize the relationship, reduce arms and military expenditures and regularize the competition.
The collective-bargaining agreement between owners and players will expire after this season and a strike looms on the horizon.
They added that even after the decision was formalized, there would be no need to inform Moscow, although Pakistan, which has channeled the shipment of American military aid to the rebels, will be kept informed along the way.
Neither team gave up another hit for four innings.
Turning the tweeter at odd angles - perhaps even away from the listener at the wall in back of the speakers - creates two distinct effects: an increased sense of depth and spaciousness of sound and a wider spread of the area in which the stereo is perceived.
Patients in the study, which was conducted by the National Institutes of Health, had all suffered heart attacks and then experienced very mild irregular ventricular heartbeats.
Lane reacted by saying: ''I've been complained about by better people than him.''
Many dressed in traditional garb -men in long flowing white robes or shirt-like tunics and checkered head scarves, and women in bright embroidered ankle-length Palestinian dresses and shawls.
If he is dead, Colonel Higgins was murdered in Teheran - wherever and whenever he died.
He introduced his spades on the second round, implying a long weak suit that was not worth an original preemptive action.
Our dream is someday to produce Michael Jackson.''
Last week the West German press and Government raised expectations of an imminent resolution, but none has begun, and several officials in Budapest said it may be days or weeks before the issue is resolved.
b-Included a gain of $374,254 from the sale of discontinued operations and a $272,417 tax benefit.
3 Convicted in Gotti Plot The reputed leader of the Genovese family in New Jersey and two aides were convicted of plotting to kill John Gotti in a struggle for control of organized crime in the region.
The 90-minute program included prayers, music and readings calling for tolerance, action and education about AIDS.
But as they prepared to dash across the main street, a man brandishing a .38-caliber pistol opened the glass door.
DWG's shares rose $1, to $12.375, on the American Stock Exchange yesterday.
And he makes no bones about the value of consultants in shifting the blame for an unpopular decision to a presumably unbiased outsider.
But it refused to act immediately on a proposal by Mayor Marion S. Barry Jr. to establish a mandatory five-year prison term for anyone using a gun to commit a crime On Tuesday the Council approved a curfew that would bar those under the age of 18 years from gathering on street corners, in parks or other public areas from 11 P.M. to 6 A.M. on Sunday through Thursday and from midnight to 6 A.M. on Friday and Saturday.
'Inter-Ethnic Disorders' Many Meskhetians have been allowed to return to Georgia, where they have been agitating for an autonomous republic.
Some purposefully donning their own Jewish stars, others still carrying the worn, folded letters that confirmed in terse official terms the disappearance of family members in Hitler's death camps, they have arrived dubious and bitter, but curious in spite of themselves to see their childhood home again.
Maybe we all get prettier near closing time.
'We're Still Here' ''People watching the earthquake on television thought San Francisco had fallen into the bay,'' said Richard Duran, a computer programming engineer sitting in Section 53.
But in the 1980's, as more buyers have entered the field, a group of wines has emerged that can be counted on for tremendous returns, according to William Sokolin, a New York wine merchant and author of Liquid Assets, a guide to investing in wine.
Dr. A. Noah Schiller, a great-grandfather of the bridegroom, was a founder of the Jewish Memorial Hospital in New York.
The angry protests by Muslims against the novel ''The Satanic Verses'' and the astonished reaction among other Britons have served to illustrate a gulf in understanding that has made each side a suspicious stranger to the other.
Chancellor Kohl appeared to get it right when he said in Dresden this week, ''With common sense and moderation and a sense for realities, we can reach our goal.''
* The best scenes in Joseph Koenig's crime thriller SMUGGLERS NOTCH (Viking, $17.95) are the ones that make you sick.
He pointed to the popularity of expensive and status-building spirits like single-malt Scotches and imported vodkas.
Republicans, who are in the minority in Congress, say such restrictions would prevent challengers from being elected.
Cells built for one person contain two inmates.
This raises the question of whether the Government should dispose of these assets or contract it out to the small group of real estate firms that specialize in asset management and disposition.
Mark Davis got the final two outs for his 22d save.
But T. R. comes with heavy baggage on board, in several senses of the expression.
With Mats, it's a different story.
Although it seldom comes down to this, all 50 states have statutes granting grandparents the right to petition for visitation rights to their grandchildren, even over the objection of a parent.
Instead she showed the newspaper to Mrs. Clark.
Mr. Van Dam's maps hold both a United States patent and a copyright as kinetic sculpture.
Two of the players in the box at the time were Clark and Vyacheslav Fetisov.
The same questions impelled Ms. Conway's thinking about being herself and being a woman: what do they mean without reference to the masculine standards of imperialism and those of an insufferable mother?
To stay within the bounds of the Bush request, the Pentagon is planning to cut its spending request for the anti-missile defense plan, one official said.
To the Editor: Holly Burkhalter should be commended for drawing attention to the sharp deterioration in the human rights situation in Somalia (Op-Ed, Aug. 13).
Patients are usually fed for about 8 to 10 hours while they sleep.
Poeschek was raised in Kamloops, British Columbia, the son of European immigrants.
His summit forays, which stress the advantages of regional cooperation, are part of a strategy to break out of South Africa's international isolation by showing that it can win acceptance from its black neighbors.
Consequently, we won't press as much as we did last year, but we'll use the press as a weapon, to keep other teams off guard.''
''The group's taste has developed along those lines, and it has allowed us to establish our own identity.
Unilever, the diversified British-Dutch consumer products company, said today that it had acquired Compania Productora Nacional de Aceitas S.A. of Chile for an undisclosed sum.
Shares of the Pyramid Technology Corporation plummeted today after the Mountain View, Calif., company said it might report a loss for the quarter ending June 30.
He pointed to the gleaming white-oak and cherry overdoors and mantelpieces, the majestic staircase and the cozy inglenook.
Happily, the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Velazquez exhibition, which opens Tuesday and continues through Jan. 7, provides a sparkling, more up-to-date and less idiosyncratic view of his genius.
Mr. Sharansky spent nine years in a Soviet prison before immigrating here in 1986.
Mr. Martinez has seen this city's underside, particularly in poor neighborhoods where crime is the most common.
These things were passed on by each generation for hundreds of years, but the chain has been broken.
We're not playing great basketball, just good enough to win.
'The Prudent Speculator' For those who would like to master prudent, long-term investment strategies, Dow Jones Irwin has just published ''The Prudent Speculator - Al Frank on Investing'' ($22.95 in hard cover).
It's probably the hardest job in the world.''
Faced with the humiliating prospect of losing at home to an expansion team, the Nets survived nearly three quarters of lackluster play and the outside shooting of Rex Chapman and Kelly Tripucka tonight to beat the Charlotte Hornets, 114-103.
'I Will Fight' ''For my good name, which is the legacy I intend to leave my children and my grandchildren, I will fight to the last ounce of conviction and energy that I possess,'' said Mr. Wright, his face shining with sweat as he looked into the hot lights and sparkling strobes of television news cameras and news photographers.
Stephanie Hogan Lee was her sister's matron of honor, and Michael Cooney was the best man.
Kirk O'Donnell, who served as a top aide to former House Speaker Thomas P. O'Neill and now runs the liberal Center for National Policy, said he would not be at all surprised to see bipartisan compromise.
Results of Voting In today's vote, Mr. Mojadedi becomes president and his moderate party will also take the Ministry of Health.
Final filling and smoothing are done with two or three coats of spackling compound, not joint cement.
''Aristocrats'' (which is running at Manhattan Theater Club's Theater Four) was inspired by Chekhov, in particular by ''The Three Sisters.''
''Our president said [ the partying ] was one of our strengths.''
Mr. Bronner said the state did not have the authority to overturn the sale and the system would lose the $10 million it put up for the purchase if the sale is blocked.
This scene, and others involving buckets of water, feather mattresses and a saw attached to a trombone, were clearly set up and acted out for the camera.
No doubt it helps him in the short term while the economy keeps sagging to have some successes to show in foreign policy.
They didn't care it was a 16-year-old volunteer.
Dr. Cerami said Dr. Baltimore ''actually helped precipitate the thing and make it worse, for himself and for science in general.''
In the West, talk of Japan's defenses usually centers on ''burden sharing,'' on its constitutional ban on offensive forces and on its longtime policy of limiting military spending to roughly 1 percent of the gross national product (the figure is not directly comparable to those of NATO countries; it excludes some military pensions, for example).
Membership: Open to the public for $30 a year, or $250 for Athletic Department permit, entitles you to track, pool, weight room and all other athletic facilities; available on a limited basis only.
The price of crude oil on the New York Mercantile Exchange for delivery in May rose 38 cents yesterday, to $20.53.
Miss McFadden, who has worked out a readily identified but somewhat exotic style, was quite right.
But aides to Mr. Cheney say the delay in completing the planning guidance stems from the rapid pace of change in Europe.
A1 News analysis: Israel's Government is so divided on Egypt's peace plan for the occupied territories that each party, Labor and Likud, is threatening to dissolve the coalition if it doesn't get its way.
If the Fleischmann-Pons apparatus proves to be as efficient as claimed, it would represent a major advance over previous attempts to achieve controlled fusion.
''I don't find these things at all intrusive,'' she says.
Although the singers and speakers move about the stage, the feel of the show is still static.
In response, the United States Congress froze $55 million in aid to the impoverished nation.
Hungary's state press agency said on Friday that the Austrian bank had an exclusive mandate to list Tungsram on exchanges in one or more Western countries and to float shares through a public issue or place them privately with international investors.
Christmas shopping had never been such joy.
She came with her family to the United States in 1908 and earned bachelor's and master's degrees from Cornell University, then taught high school in New York City.
Negotiations resumed late yesterday in a three-day-old strike at Sotheby's of 72 porters, bid spotters, doormen and property handlers.
Mr. Lechner later worked with Bella Abzug when she was a Congresswoman from New York.
More than most other Sondheim shows, ''Into the Woods'' - despite its darkness - has an evident family appeal.
The law has done some good.
AT one time, all it took to enjoy smoked salmon was a bagel.
No wonder so many don't grasp the significance of the Oliver North case.
David Roe, a lawyer with the Environmental Defense Fund in Oakland and a principal author of Proposition 65, said the manufacturers have repeatedly ''dodged'' the requirements of the initiative.
The state took in about $1.2 billion in lottery revenue last year from its instant lottery game and a conventional lottery game that awards multimillion-dollar prizes based on selection of a set of numbers.
The coalition, which receives Chinese military support and has a guerrilla army, is demanding the immediate dismantling of the Phnom Penh Government installed when the Vietnamese invaded in December 1978 and ousted Pol Pot.
''The combination of graphite and fiberglass makes it a whole lot easier to get speed on the ball, control the shot, and put the ball away.''
''I see people who are wasted on drugs.
The commanders did not say how they had obtained the weapons.
''The example being that a mother gives her children to her sister and then the sister, who is getting a huge check for the children, kicks back some of the money to the mother.
But no outside assessment of their work is offered.
Only last December did the case end, with the court ruling that the N.C.A.A.
Mayor Edward I. Koch and David N. Dinkins, the Democratic candidate, have also used bundling in their campaigns, but not to the extent that Mr. Giuliani has.
A six-block area, including the beachfront along Maine Avenue, is to make up the first phase of an $83 million development by Harrah's Marina casino hotel to fulfill that mandate.
Five years ago, Middlebury, in Middlebury, Vt.; Trinity College in Hartford; Connecticut College in New London; Tufts University in Medford, Mass., and Stanford University in Stanford, Calif., banded together and formed the New York Recruiting Consortium.
''We take a commission on the merchandising we do for them, but the federation collects their prize money.''
Brian Martin, a Taylor strategist and former executive director of the Mississippi Democratic Party, said the Taylor campaign marked a Democratic resurgence.
This flood of Indochinese refugees understandably has caused compassion fatigue among East Asian nations.
It's too soon to call our conclusions definitive, but they point to an urgent need to learn more.
If the big satellite does fall to earth, as scientists fear it will do this winter unless it is rescued, fiery debris could strike Africa, South America, India, Southeast Asia or Australia.
Using the Kurt Salmon data, which are jointly compiled with the NPD Group, a market research company, from monthly questionnaires filled out by 11,500 households nationwide, Mr. Warshaw calculated the monthly growth rate for men's suits from January 1987 to November 1988.
Barbara Wiesenfeld, an agent with the Jon Douglas Company, notes, ''In prime neighborhoods such as Brentwood and Santa Monica, $500,000 might buy you one and a half bathrooms if you are extremely lucky.''
Some warned us that we were breaking the law and that we could be arrested or shot.
Shaped like a box, the device was invented by Andrew Pratscher and Phillip Andres.
But it was among the older and least ''modern'' works in the museum that I found most comfort, and the message I needed: that even though God and human majesty, as represented in the icons and triptychs and tedious panoramic canvases of older museums, had evaporated, beauty was still left, beauty amid our ruins, a beauty curiously pure, a blank uncaused beauty that signified only itself.
''And even though I taught my daughter the opposite, still she came out the same way!
''I played chess with him, for instance, and I was much better than he was, and he lost in a very ridiculous manner, and he refused to speak to me for months in the prison,'' he said.
The center's model law on the definition of death was issued in 1972.
Year-ago quarter and 9 months both also included an after-tax gain of $36 million, or 24 cents a share, on the sale of the company's investment in Akebono Brake Industry Co. and an after-tax gain of $81 million, or 54 cents a share, from the sale of the automotive electronics unit and the formation of a joint venture between Allied-Signal and Union Carbide Corp.
Caring for the terminally ill at home resurged in this country several years ago, prompting the Federal Government to take steps to provide benefits for patients choosing hospice care over hospital care in their final days.
Indeed, when adjusted for Ghana's population growth - 3.4 percent a year - Ghana's growth rates are more modest: 1.5 percent in 1987 and 2 percent in 1988.
Mr. Finney is, in fact, Ms. Najimy's pet dog, a member of the breed commonly referred to as a mutt.
Many administrators go further, conceding that there has been resistance by some parents, at least initially.
Many of the awards were influenced by senior administrators in the regional office who are acknowledged friends of Senator D'Amato and his brother.
Add the chicken stock, tomato paste, thyme, lemon peel and pepper and bring to boil.
Fricke's book states the survival of the upper portion as a fact, but no one has actually seen it in modern times.
''Many a clergyman hides underneath his robe,'' Rabbi Sky said.
They're not going to happen in a year.''
''We thought if we could just copy the P.G.A.
A series of HBO biographical films has essentially been a compilation of his heroes: Edward R. Murrow, Andrei D. Sakharov, Nelson Mandela, most recently Simon Wiesenthal.
As far as anyone could determine, she was the girlfriend of the baby's uncle.
Nonetheless, Government officials, who usually shy away from any international initiatives that are out of the mainstream of common practice, say they are not disturbed by the fact that Japan has been heavily criticized for its actions.
The welcome helps to melt some of our exhaustion and edginess, but something doesn't seem quite right.
You just can't go out and replace a 150-year-old tree.''
Won't city government be dominated by new faces?
Self, selves - why not ''selve'' as a verb?
The distinction between products and services has blurred.''
A case in point that nicely illustrates the method is the suggestive essay on food by Jean-Louis Flandrin.
''Hastings has a unique history in Westchester because of its varied ethnic populations who come to work in the factories; it was a real town, not a commuters's suburb,'' Mrs. McManus said.
The National Hockey League expelled him after the cocaine arrest, but since has told the Red Wings to keep him on a protected players' list.
He met with a team from the organization last month.
One hopes that its introduction of personal memories and other people is a departure the author will develop further in future books.
The rates quoted below are for two people for one night.
Though Japanese companies now develop more of their own technology, they still scour the world for that of others.
The Speaker was warmly greeted by the crowd, which included many Fort Worth business leaders.
But while there were only two rapes reported in the previous two school years combined, Mr. Golden said he does not believe there have been an unusually high number of rapes on or near campus this fall.
But he never acknowledged the bloodshed inflicted on civil demonstrators by Chinese troops, and neither have Government-controlled news organizations here.
The night of violence and abduction began about 10 P.M. when Victor Otero, 39, burst into his brother's house at 88 Temple Street in Paterson, N.J., with a gun, said Capt.
The Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Science was awarded today to an obscure Norwegian professor whose pioneering work in methods for testing economic theories helped pave the way for modern economic forecasting.
Chief Colangelo said forensic evidence and more extensive interviews with Detective Rango had painted a clearer picture of what occured after a team of five officers, including Officer Gunn and Detective Rango, arrived in search of Mr. Richardson.
To obtain the rent-stabilized lease, I purchased the installed furniture from the previous tenant.
My dad was a Giants fan in those days and every so often we would pay our nickel and take the subway to upper Manhattan - Coogan's Bluff - to see the Giants and Mel Ott at the Polo Grounds.
But the light is a powerful lure.
The Eurofighter debate illustrates how difficult it can be to balance security concerns with economic ones, and national concerns with those of the Atlantic alliance.
It offered last September to pay $:13.24 a share, or $4.9 billion.
Equality seemed not a struggle but a matter of course.
Crossing the Santa Maria River was a snap after the Oyacachi.
Representative Lynn Martin, Republican of Illinois, said she believed Mr. Bush would have a better record on women's rights than Mr. Reagan.
A few years ago, a friend and I were ambling down the main street of an English town in Oxfordshire called Woodstock.
These are the voting members: Clive Barnes, The New York Post.
Before offering some suggestions, however, a brief warning: be realistic about your physical limitations when planning an activity.
It needs to be anchored in institutions, both the European Community and NATO, as Mr. Baker said, if it is not to become a dreaded loose cannon.
But unwinding in and out of embraces, he and Miss Blumberg, a first-rate dramatic skater, made for a picture in tenderness.
Yet much of the television-support industry is highly fragmented.
It is a particularly good place to keep in mind for large groups looking for a fun place on a budget.
Meanwhile, Treasury bill rates were narrowly mixed.
THE LONGEST SHADOW ON FRENCH FASHION is now Italian.
5 * 286 THE ROAD LESS TRAVELED, by M. Scott Peck.
''There's a busy intersection there - Burlington Route 539 and State Highway 72 - and traffic was interrupted periodically because of smoke,'' he said, ''but no structures were destroyed.''
The counters started Saturday morning, and they have worked 10- and 11-hour days since.
They simply end, like this.
It will be named after the flagship of James Cook, the 18th century English explorer.
She was said to check out of the Hotel Royal in Szeged this morning.
From Nov. 22 through Dec. 15, the resort will reduce the price of lift tickets to $25 (children $16).
Did these three scientists revise our understanding of the Burgess fossils only because they were brilliant and hard-working, only because they ''took the time to converse adequately with the Burgess fossils, and because they were willing to listen''?
b-Included extraordinary credits of $124,000, or 3 cents a share, and $410,000, or 8 cents a share, for the quarter and 9 months, respectively.
There were times when it was difficult to see what the Russians could harness from the lecture, as when Mr. Hatesaul said he usually urged his clients to use outside consultants to fill senior management positions.
''The company pays good money,'' said Donna Smith, a 28-year-old worker on the chassis line, ''and it's a good place to work.
Young Woman Not Identified The young woman, who is now 18 years old, has not been publicly identified because of the nature of the crime.
Tamp the concrete thoroughly, and slope the surface away from the post.
Since the last bus to Vernou was at 7:30 P.M. or so, I spent the evenings ''at home,'' watching television with the Suzannes before studying.
Cahners, a leading publisher of trade and consumer magazines, will create five divisions: one in Boston, one in Chicago and three in New York.
#17 Fouls in First Half South Alabama, which reached the second round by upsetting cross-state rival Alabama in its first meeting ever, took a 3-point lead into the second half, primarily as a result of Michigan's unsuccessful attempt to outmuscle the Jaguars.
''This put tremendous financial and other pressure on the family.
In a separate trial, he would load up on my guy.''
The Jazz and Heritage Festival does its best to pry grassroots music gently from its communities, and for a tourist who wants to hear everything in a weekend, it's an ideal middle ground between hometown communities and a mass event; people don't forget to dance.
''Why would an actor and a movie director be in charge of anything?''
The rolling grounds dotted with lampposts offer a tranquil place for a picnic, and there is a playhouse for children called the Rose Cottage, furnished with little white wicker chairs and a wicker table.
Put the turkey in the sling, lower it into the roasting pan or rack, and drape the handles over the top of the bird.
But the game became entertaining for the 10 seconds it took Stanford Jennings to run 93 yards with the ball in full football regalia.
For all this prodigious reporting, we are presented on other occasions with details that read like entries from an expense account diary.
In addition, in order to achieve as soon as possible the indispensable universal character of the convention, they call upon all states to become parties thereto as soon as it is concluded.
Laurelton's residents keep score of small, but fragile, successes.
Mrs. Helmsley was in the middle of a fitting, he recalled.
''What I want is to build an arena to make exhibitions, and to write about and interpret 20th-century art,'' Krens explains during an interview in his office at the Guggenheim in New York.
Ten neighborhoods banded together six weeks ago and formed the Alliance for Responsibility in Development, or ARID, to monitor the work of the Planning and Zoning Commission.
When I'm 10 minutes into a run, I'm already checking my watch and I don't feel much like conversation.
Melanie Graham Dorsey, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin Henry Dorsey of Chevy Chase, Md., and Daniel James Standish, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Robert W. Standish of Englewood, Colo., were married yesterday.
''I'm afraid, but I'm voting because I'm afraid there will be trouble if I don't.''
Perhaps ''the 20th century'' is too general a designation, obscuring discontinuities that call for new theories and critiques of theory.
The Academy also said that in taking on the immense job of cleaning up the 17 major plants in 12 states, the department should establish a consistent policy based on the risk to human health.
He also edited ''Essays in English Literature of the Eighteenth Century,'' published in 1980 by the Princeton University Press.
Tube Leaves a Small Hole When the tube is removed, Dr. Heimlich said, the hole it leaves is as small as that in a pierced ear.
''I'll never agree to raising taxes 30 or 40 percent to subsidize a Federal program just because a judge says so,'' Mr. Spallone said.
Also from Manhattan, Cathay Import and Export Ltd. sent a donation of $1,000.
But at the same time President Vinicio Cerezo, the country's first nonmilitary leader in 20 years, is struggling to preserve the fragile experiment with democracy that Guatemala started with his election in 1985.
The statement added that for now the company was advising its shareholders not to do anything until a decision was reached by the board.
At this rate, we may have to get a new one.
Mazda Motor Manufacturing sold 1,384 cars, up 86.3 percent.
''These are all people who probably went to Mass that morning.''
With their long walls and captive audiences, the stations make good galleries.
According to agreements reached between the Communists and the Solidarity-based opposition earlier this year, Solidarity was able to contest all 100 seats in the Senate, winning 99, while the Communists and their allies were assured 65 percent of the seats in the lower house.
Commercial bankers' response to Poland's call for debt relief is likely to depend on the specific terms of the relief being sought, and on any inducements offered by governments in support of foreign policy initiatives.
He said the Giants' improved pass rush had someone on Troy Aikman on almost every play, ''so he just couldn't stand in and throw it.''
TRACY DAVIS Northampton, Mass., July 25, 1989
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 20.17 points, to 2,243.04.
As it is, both the professional and the government employee seem to be able to do almost anything without worrying about personal consequences.
At the conference ball Thursday evening, Mrs. Thatcher conceded the sag in the polls but promised the party would soon overcome it.
Seven plays later, with 65 seconds left in the game, the 49ers scored an insurance touchdown.
Her mother, Jean Gisser, is a cellist.
Monday None Tuesday Retail Sales ... May Current Account ... 1st Qtr.
There's a saying in this business: 'When in doubt, get out.'
Through the egregious flaws of ''A Casual Brutality,'' Mr. Bissoondath goes to undue trouble to remind us of that fact.
Princeton recently initiated a review of its counseling programs, aimed, in the words of Thomas Wright, the college counsel, at ''putting some boundaries around the cost.''
The balance of the spending has come from the union's major-contingency fund, now at $13 million.
But now that the school and its Hackensack clinic, which provides training for students while treating about 2,500 patients from Bergen County, are to be closed, Dr. Donaldson said the money would be be used to buy new equipment for the department of electrical engineering and to renovate the dental school's five-story building to accommodate executive offices and the growing College of Business Administration.
Keith Hernandez left the game in the seventh inning with a contusion of the right knee.
It goes without saying that the Legacy is nicely finished, albeit in the plush-and-velour mode and forget leather.
He cannot turn on his 3,000-pound searchlights - available for events from birthday parties to opening nights at about $100 an hour - until 8:30 P.M.
These ''flags of convenience'' allow shipowners to sidestep national rules that mandate the use of domestic crews, with obvious benefits.
''When we were warming up, Tim McGee said to me, 'Okay, when are you going to tell us this is just a joke?
LetterPower is $99.95, plus $4.95 shipping, from Round Lake Publishing, 415 Main Street, Ridgefield, Conn. 06877; the telephone number is (203) 438-5255.
Unlike Forstmann's four other buyout funds, this one will not use debt to help finance the purchase of equity.
Sunday, 11 A.M. to 6 P.M. Crafts, food, entertainment.
Most of Moscow's satellites had become economic cripples, and Mr. Gorbachev is well aware that without integration into Western markets they will remain a drain on his own budget.
''One quote we use is 'As tangy as the sauce in an Austin barbecue joint,' '' he said.
Later in the half, Barros gave Boston College a 52-48 lead on a 3-point shot, then made it 54-49 after a Brust free throw with another jump shot.
We finish it off with a bit of butter or oil or stock, and we let it sit at the side of the grill and make its own sauce.''
Moreover, they say it was often impractical to move more rapidly.
The jury received instructions from Judge Charles Satterwhite on Tuesday.
Mr. Sommerfield repeated the Presidential oath and, as Washington did, kissed the Bible used during the swearing-in, the same Bible Washington used 200 years ago.
No identification was made and no group claimed responsibility for the attack.
But when Johnson's back problems ended his season, Moore started the last 10 games at right guard.
Improvements in technology have been responsible for reducing times.
''Depending on what the President does, the Republicans can get back into the bidding for leadership on the environmental issue,'' Frederic D. Krupp, executive director of the Environmental Defense Fund, said after he and leaders of other environmental groups met with Mr. Bush at the White House on Thursday.
29 National 9-12 New patent battles could determine which organization and even which nation controls the rights to new high-temperature superconductors, materials that could revolutionize fields like computers and electricity generation.
Medicaid provides free health care to 2.3 million of the state's poorest citizens.
Alice Kirikian, a librarian at the Art Museum at Princeton University, scribbled on a Sotheby's silent bid form.
The highest price that had ever been paid for a painting, at least at a public sale, was $7.04 million for J. M. W. TURNER's ''Juliet and her Nurse.''
Parts of the industry and their supporters in Congress are seeking easier requirements to give weaker institutions more time to recover.
Still, he does not anticipate a fundamentally different rhythmic conception to get in the way of a good performance.
''This much,'' McLaughlin said, holding his hands 2 feet apart.
Defense Secretary Dick Cheney told reporters on his way to a NATO meeting here that while President Bush would not ''be in the business of negotiating the future of Europe, I would not be at all surprised that they discuss future intentions, possibilities, with respect to force deployments.''
Maybe this will lend a little bit of humor to the campaign.''
The chant for Butler began with 9:47 left and the Knicks ahead by 20 points.
''That was Civics 101 for me.''
Slip the pot into a plastic food bag and keep it out of sunlight.
Which brings up ''84 Charlie Mopic'' with its ground-level, through-the-eyes point of view.
Mr. Sim was born in Scotland and holds engineering degrees from the University of Glasgow and Cambridge University.
The Philippines, whose people suffered Japanese rampages in Manila, brutal fighting in Bataan and occupation, announced that President Corazon C. Aquino would attend the funeral.
Groundwater's lack of debt and positive cash flow has attracted the attention of analysts.
Mr. Courter's campaign is lagging behind Mr. Florio's in fund raising and is several hundred thousand dollars short of the contributions necessary to receive full public financing under the campaign-financing law.
Can't put it off any longer.
But most interesting, and most infuriating, was the Chopin.
The movie adds a little raping to the sequence and quickly becomes far more hysterical and melodramatic than the same event reported in Shaw's measured, profoundly distressed letter home.
He accused Mr. Koch of shifting blame and later accused him of burying New Yorkers ''in enough statistical fog to confuse an Einstein.''
The agreement goes against the grain of repeated urgings by some American high-technology companies that high-definition television become the focus of special Government backing to develop an industry that could compete vigorously with the Japanese.
We approve inclusion of provisions for more democratic Council rules and to assure legislative accountability -requiring multiyear ''fiscal impact statements'' on proposed local laws, for example.
Dinkins is part of the community.
Opposition leaders said they were seeking to persuade the Government not to proclaim Mr. Duque the victor.
Human beings are good at rationalizing their behavior, and making a problem ''too big'' for the individual to deal with is a very easy way to encourage apathy.
But Spain is also under pressure to tighten its immigration controls from its partners in the European Community.
Since 1986, the Soviet Union's rate of rejection on deliveries of East German goods has soared because of quality-control problems, economists said.
Mr. Segal is understandably contemptuous of managers who entrench and enrich themselves at shareholders' expense while professing concern for workers, local communities and foundations that depend on the corporation.
But Mr. Deng always remained suspicious of political dissent and had the country's leading dissident of the time, Wei Jingsheng, arrested for daring to call for democracy.
She paused and said, ''Actually, there's no end to our dreaming.''
The 6-foot-4-inch Sotomayor began his record-breaking night by jumping 7-4 1/4.
But if she is going to a special meeting or lunch, she wears her regular shoes and hopes they won't be irretrievably ruined.
''In the second half,'' he said, ''it was not a question of whether I could go.
The pussycats, some left of center and some on the far right, hold that the deficit is trivial.
With his 19th movie, ''Casualties of War,'' scheduled to open Friday, Brian De Palma at last brings his sanguineous style to the battlefield.
With the pride of an artist, Don Gonzalez showed us around the terraced gardens he had bartered three years of his labor to own.
I don't know what court would allow it.''
The family, and then health authorities, accused the two doctors, Luise M. Weinstein and Gregg W. Stone, of improperly diagnosing Miss Zion's condition, of finding out too little about medicine she was taking, and of monitoring her vital signs inadequately.
In response the Lord Chief Justice in London was all wrought up - ready to slam him with a major adverse judgment.
Many younger people, though, find weaving tedious and low-paying - an image the slump has only reinforced.
Toon Remains Doubtful Al Toon sprinted for the first time since injuring his ankle five games ago.
The altercation started when Mr. Kelly honked his truck's horn at Officer Ortiz's car, which was double-parked on Eastern Parkway near Classon Avenue.
The A.&P.-Wasserstein group said today that it had increased its stake to 9.2 percent.
Not everyone, though, is happy here.
We think the taxpayers and the thrifts should be asked to pay more.''
''The judge's flip-flop will go down in the annals of jurisprudence as one of the biggest flip-flops in history,'' said Legislator Wayne Prospect, Democrat of Dix Hills.
Yesterday's stock surge followed weeks of takeover speculation that had already driven UAL stock up nearly $50.
Colonialism was still strong elsewhere in theworld and such a reminder may have kept our own hatred for domination by the British Government alive.
I like people in general.
Time shares are a hybrid form of real estate.
The others face possible sentences of more than 20 years.
At the same time, he helped made sure that the Angels would take an All-Star Game break with the best record in baseball.
The victory advanced the Seminoles (53-16) to the winners' bracket tomorrow night.
''I think you go back to the fundamental aspect of what he does and try to get that rhythm back,'' John Robinson, the Rams' head coach, said of Everett.
About 300 also attended a rally last week.
We were treated with kindness and good humor throughout our stay, even in the early morning when competition for the single bathroom - counting guests, there were now 11 people living in the house - became fierce.
Comprehensive reviews can help an executive find a product that most closely matches his or her company's needs, or at least narrow the search to handful of choices.
Another reason for the spurt in interest is the widely perceived demise of Drexel as a financier of last resort.
Mr. Baker correctly gave pride of place to NATO, which serves as a cornerstone of Western security and as America's main bridge to Europe.
''She has to drive my car to wherever I'm going to be playing.''
The columnist describes how to make sketches experimenting with possible layouts and finally mark the desired choice on the floor.
''But we believe it's robbery.
''It was absurd, but it reflected months of concern that the market had been showing over-leverage in the system,'' said John J. Phelan Jr., chairman of the New York Stock Exchange.
Also by its nature, the front nine is the Masters' furnace, the nine where the heat is generated.
''The fire and sparkle has started to subside,'' said George Lang, who owns Cafe Des Artistes, near Lincoln Center.
Khan's, diagonally down the street from Ferguson Library and across from the Avon Theater, is organized into three separate dining areas on two levels.
If the Administration and Congress have been unable to reach that target by Oct. 15, then the law mandates automatic spending cuts in almost every area of Government.
''Since we started in 1987, 10,000 people have been with the dolphins and there hasn't been a single injury or problem,'' said Mr. Wood.
A Coast Guard spokesman, Lieut.
The white dress and the white veil are symbolic.
From a distance the gallery looks like a curious laboratory experiment, with nine rows of glass domes, 17 per row, each holding equal-size design examples.
TNT has a period romance that thoughtfully tries to tell us something about ourselves.
Fourteen states now have official definitions of organic food, and the definitions differ.
Devon White's run-scoring single in the seventh made it 3-0.
About 100 people have been wounded and 1,000 arrested.
Copper prices continued to surge yesterday on the Commodity Exchange in New York amid investor concerns about labor conditions in Chile.
Dr. Green was contemplating some action, probably suspension, against the district board, and in particular against Mr. Cruz.
''The money is no problem,'' said Eleanor Jacobs, the defendant's mother.
Both pale in importance to reversing the tide of addiction.
My mind drifts back across a few decades to the previous technology of light, narrow-gauge railways, threading the forests and bringing the logs to sawmills.
It is worth pondering for a moment why it is that this structure, 100 years after its completion, should still be able to captivate us as powerfully as it does.
Mr. Gaul denied that racial or socioeconomic factors were considered.
Coleco Industries, the troubled toy maker, has agreed to sell most of its assets to a rival, Hasbro Industries, for $85 million in cash, the companies announced today.
Mr. Markovic's Government, which took over in March, has moved quickly to introduce market mechanisms as a way out of Yugoslavia's severe economic trouble, including rampant inflation, a $17 billion foreign debt and 17 percent unemployment.
Surviving are his wife, Marilew; two sons, Rick, of Chicago, and Mark, of Los Angeles; and a brother, Bernard, of Wilmette, Ill.
Having recently won a suit challenging at-large seats on the City Council for not meeting the one-person-one-vote principle, Mr. Emery argued vehemently that the same reasoning should apply to the board.
And they were right about the lecture method.
As Mr. Goetz seemed about to say something more, his lawyer, Barry I. Slotnick, tugged on his arm to stop him.
Last year when we got to the finals, we were so excited, basketball was almost secondary.
The Chestnut Cabaret (38th and Chestnut Streets near the University of Pennsylvania; 215-896-6420), presents name rock and pop acts in a 600-seat room and serves drinks but no food; cover is usually $8 or $10.
Treasury officials said that the plan involves complex financing but most of the money would come from increasing the deposit insurance premiums paid by savings institutions and commercial banks.
The appearance varies with the techniques used to apply the glaze, so experiment on scrap first.
But 89 percent of all tax returns were filed by people with total incomes below that level.
The answer is an obvious ''no.''
Good-quality veal is served here, so several entrees using it can be recommended, including veal chop stuffed with mushrooms and the Milanese-style chop.
About 200 cuts will be made at the company's Minneapolis headquarters.
Those who have earnings from summer jobs should be encouraged to put the money into savings accounts to earn interest, he said, and should do some comparison shopping to decide where to open the account.
Nearly everyone knows by now that the F.D.I.C.
James Ramseur, 23, is serving 100 months to 25 years in prison for sodomy, robbery and rape.
Meanwhile, the British Petroleum Company, which pumps about half of Alaska's crude, lowered the price it pays for West Texas Intermediate by 75 cents a barrel, to $18.75.
The Energy Department said its estimate of how much oil can be recovered from known reserves in the U.S. increased by a substantial margin in 1988.
In his keynote address on Sunday, Mr. Bieber took his strongest stand yet in favor of the jointness concept, while promising that the union would end any programs being ''abused'' by the auto companies.
Mr. Samphan singled out an article published July 21 about the conflict between the Supreme Patriarch and the Santi Asoke, a fundamentalist sect that accused the mainstream faith of materialism and other un-Buddhist practices.
He was 17 when the Brewers chose him in the first round of the 1986 draft, the sixth player selected and the first high school player.
About three years ago, she said, she called 20 fellow authors and not one knew about the problem.
''The concept should not be even pace but even effort,'' he said.
The Democratic plan envisioned financing the new package with an across-the-board budget cut of 0.3 percent in most Federal programs and 0.144 percent cuts in some specific programs.
THE Soviet President, Mikhail S. Gorbachev, has carried out a purge of the Communist leadership, sacking three hard-liners in the Politburo and thereby demonstrating that he still holds a strong grip on power.
''The crisis in urban schools is without a doubt the biggest problem that confronts this state.''
The delegation members are now trying to convince the chairmen to include the F-14 in their own drafts of the next defense authorization bill.
When trouble develops, the observers can radio a patrol, giving them the precise location of the disturbance.
The entire Lincoln Center event was underwritten by the Sara Lee Corporation.
For more information, call 478-2249.
Many people underestimate how much money they will really need.
Larry Fleming, another staff member, will conduct a toy-making workshop in which each child will make something to take home.
His innovations in each idiom were so persuasive that four generations of musicians followed his lead.
Talon Almahurst died Saturday, hours after he had gone off as a 1-10 favorite and placed second in an elimination race for the Woodrow Wilson for 2-year-old pacing colts.
Tours 5 to 7 P.M. Friday; noon to 2 P.M. Saturday.
I packed up my camping gear and went with Nina to upstate New York to think things out.
He missed twice in 16 attempts from the field, scored 34 points and had 15 rebounds, 4 assists, 3 steals and 3 blocked shots.
Bike riding is good preparation for telemark skiing because it strengthens the legs and knees, requires balance and contributes to aerobic fitness.
Words, ideas and actors don't concern him too much.
But she was very funny, and our defense against hardship was having a great sense of humor.''
And to mark another of this year's many political changes, Mayor Edward I. Koch is expected to spend his last evening in office at the cathedral, speaking to the crowd before the chorus begins ''Auld Lange Syne.''
''I am anxious for that opportunity.''
''And we played great in our end.''
To compensate Standard holders for their stake in Pittway, 1.63 shares of the new class A stock would be distributed for each existing Standard share.
She told them, for example, that the cell exercise was aimed not only at making abstract concepts concrete, but also at ''developing students' ability to work in groups.''
''So I logged into Eaasy Sabre and asked where I could find a hotel room,'' he said.
(AP) - Ken Clark, who played only the first 20 minutes, rushed for 168 yards and one touchdown as Nebraska overcame five first-half turnovers.
In our effort to get things to go a little faster, we can only hope that we are not slowed down.''
She also said an injunction was unnecessary because the university's student supreme court recently lifted its own ban against the two students' taking office.
He said the investment bankers were holding meetings with potential investors this week.
Costs Are Rising ''We can't pass on the increases as fast as they come in,'' he said.
How much more will the new president allow us to do?
''It's not believable that he's just the piano player who didn't know what was happening upstairs,'' said a diplomat who knows Mr. Cabrera, President Vinicio Cerezo's closest friend and anointed successor.
Prior to that date, the company was a subchapter S Corporation.
What can it tell us that we haven't already heard?''
Those fresh, inventive talents, however, are scarce.
Of the three new hotels, the most direct competitor to the full-service Marriott, with its many meeting rooms and restaurants, will be the Holiday Inn Crowne Plaza, albeit on a smaller scale.
Accordingly, consolidated results of the company include the operating results of Kraft, Inc. since its acquisition.
Images may be fuzzy and ragged, and the thermal paper used by most fax machines feels flimsy and turns black in the sun.
I don't snoop around like I do in the apartments of my single friends.
The ruling Monday has set off what many expect will be a political firestorm in the capital, Jefferson City.
The notion that delaying the tax cut could save money for the state began to surface last spring.
acknowledged the next day that it had not intended to kill two of those who died - the target had been Leslie Dallas, 39 years old, who it said was involved in a murder campaign against Catholics.
Rinaldo (R) N Y N 8.
Prince said, ''but I recognize the necessity for some, hopefully modestly used.
But he is certainly in tune with the restive right-to-lifers he courted in his campaign.
B1 Cuomo bringing Lincoln to Poles B2 Hard times overtake the Roosevelt tram B1 Woman sprayed with perfume receives $75,000 settlement B3 Developer hopes to build housing on New York City-owned land B4
What memories are stirred by your piece on the De Gustibus column of Dec. 7.
He sat West, playing with Dr. John Marek, who has represented his native Wales.
However, Con Edison recently announced plans to remove asbestos from 700 of the 1,700 steam-pipe manholes where it is still present.
Its preliminary statement on the Matarazzo house said it was ''essential'' to maintain the building until a study is completed.
Although Mr. Zych will not disclose the specific location of the wrecks, he does not dispute that they lie in Illinois waters.
Sales were up 5 percent, to 2.426 billion marks, from 2.312 billion marks a year earlier.
Mrs. Walker, an actress who had been in the choruses of six Broadway shows and had worked extensively in regional theater, started the York to provide actors - including herself - with an opportunity to perform challenging roles.
''We like to keep the tourists south of the Galway-Dublin line,'' one Irishman quipped during a lecture on local fiddling traditions held in the schoolhouse one evening.
Another White House official put it more bluntly.
membership dropped by one third to less than a million workers, as many United States plants closed or cut their work force while Japanese companies established nonunion plants.
Mr. Stolarz founded Beers International seven years ago after he was approached to teach an adult-education class the fine points of beer.
But the decline will not be mirrored in long-term bond yields, which will be hard-pressed to break through and stay below 8 percent as long as inflation continues to run at an annual rate of 5 percent or higher.
In the very close evening news race, the CBS ''Evening News'' returned to first place, with an average rating of 9.4 and 20 percent of the audience.
Interest of 'Baby Bells' Speculation has arisen that some regional Bell telephone companies might be interested in Lin.
It is true that converting a major exchange to electronic trading is expensive.
Working in cable as a volunteer is an exciting, creative and important service, where individuals still count in an age of high-tech communications.
''This is a substitute for a serious policy,'' Mr. Kramer said.
International The Senate failed to override a veto of Congressional restrictions on the co-production of a jet fighter with Japan.
But once in a while, the police get lucky.
''If it's illegal for employers to hire illegal aliens,'' he said, ''it also should be illegal for illegal aliens to solicit employment.''
Net sales for the year ended March 31, 1989, were $18.09 billion, up nearly 17 percent, and net income was $529 million, up 65 percent.
After a steep ascent through a subalpine forest, the path leveled onto a vast, treeless plain.
The thing the Penguins liked most to do to the Islanders in recent meetings, said Ken Morrow, was embarrass them with their prowess.
On Long Island rain is good for business, especially during the summer.
'The City Is the Loser Here' Police Chief Perry Anderson, at a news conference after the verdict, was asked if the department needed to review its policies.
is excluded, the association says, because it does not sell chips on the open market.
A3 National A10-16 The airline industry is thriving, with the five largest carriers reporting record profits for the spring quarter.
Training in 20 Programs ''As the occupational wing of most of the high schools in southern Westchester, we offer daytime vocational training in more than 20 different programs,'' Mr. Giuliano said, referring to the Valhalla center.
''It had been restored by relining but had retained all the freshness of the pigment.
Many older party officials regarded Zhao as too impatient; they were appalled when he flirted with heretical notions such as freeing prices and selling off state-owned companies to private shareholders.
Mr. Jones, who earned a Ph.D. in finance from Columbia University in 1931, taught at N.Y.U.
It is also an attempt to update the story of Eden by casting Eve not as the co-conspirator she is in Genesis and Milton's ''Paradise Lost,'' but as an innocent.
He said that the plant had emitted odors when it started operating in 1986, but that those problems had been cleared up by the summer of 1987.
''You were kind of ornery yesterday,'' a smiling Mr. Yeutter called across the room to Mr. Darman.
Both countries should call for holding the Olympic Games in both parts of Berlin in 2004.
Once unchallenged, the three television networks now compete for national advertising with dozens of cable networks, ''unwired networks'' of independent stations and syndicated television programmers.
projects handled by his firm, Bush & Company.
The manager is associated with Hillyer International Inc. of Manhattan, which has represented Mr. Fodor for five years.
Legal experts regarded the decision as more symbolic than substantive, because of the relatively small number of distress sales.
With the troops stymied, it seems for a few days that Zhao might win after all.
With titanic gusto in the late 1970's, Japanese engineers removed tons of earth from the nearby Rokko Mountains and dumped them into the bay.
A school in Brooklyn built in, say, 1915 did not look so very different from a school built at the same time in Pittsburgh or Paterson, and yet all three still managed to be the symbolic anchors their neighborhoods needed.
Witnesses Insist on Guilt Despite questions raised by the defense, the case remains one where the two witnesses who identified Mr. Monroe as the killer 10 years ago continue to insist that he was the killer.
Now the royal marriage is apparently on the rocks, the court tremulous about the outcome, the principals unavailable for interviews.
What prompted Miss Cisney to unearth and revise it for the Westport premiere was Villard Books' publication last year of ''What Fresh Hell Is This?,'' a biography of Parker by Marion Meade.
Ms. Ronstadt's memorable duets with the soul balladeer Aaron Neville, several big ballads by Jimmy Webb and a splendid production that brings a gospel choir and symphonic strings into a pop format make ''Cry Like a Rainstorm'' Ms. Ronstadt's most successful contemporary album.
Singles by Derrel Thomas and Bobby Molinaro.
It's a condescending gesture, a sign that the person administering the pat possesses greater status than the one being patted.
The public wants them to crack down on drug use, but the state doesn't have prison room for the people they arrest.
University-Clubs Agreement Their task was tricky.
The whole thing was played out in public view.
Tickets: students and the elderly, $6; others, $8.
On July 26 he received about 56 pounds of cocaine, half of which was fake, from a person working with the drug agency, she said, and he delivered it to another informer in Boston the next day.
''In every black-white race that I have ever seen, you can absolutely place the white undecided voters into the white candidate's column in the last poll before Election Day,'' he said.
Don't adjust your television sets tonight.
The Government has periodically tightened its asbestos regulations, but now has determined that the substance is essentially unsafe under any circumstances and has banned it altogether, though it has given industry until 1997 to ''phase out'' its use.
''I never saw Renoir use muddy blacks.
The dubious statement about the minister's death, many people believe, was the last straw for the army, which decided to side with the people.
In addition, Mr. Giuliani has clearly trimmed his sails on issues like abortion and private-school tuition tax credits to accommodate the Liberal Party.
Before the ball has even been snapped for the American Conference championship game Sunday between the Bengals and the Buffalo Bills, the formation has become a matter of dispute.
Appeals on subsidiary issues that are filed before a case has reached final judgment can greatly delay a trial if appellate courts consider them immediately.
''You cannot be number one without passion,'' she said.
No Government rule required Pan Am to begin the screenings, which are commonly done in some other countries.
While Mr. Frisell has whipped his band into shape - it has been on tour for the last two months - and his compositions allow for a sophisticated merger of written and improvised sections, he is not a master of putting a set together.
His new book does not crack the code of Vermeer's personality, let alone the code of his inner experience.
'' That is precisely the message the Mayor is carrying to neighborhood meetings.
The two men discussed international relations, ties between the two countries ''and some considerations on the development of Soviet-American relations, which were set forth by Kissinger on behalf of U.S. President-elect George Bush,'' Tass said.
I found on a visit to the Samuel C. Mumford High School in Detroit during the tryout that although the series is no competitor for ''The MacNeil/Lehrer Newshour,'' its choices of stories are a cut above many local news shows; instead of crime and fires, there is an attempt to interpret world and national happenings in a way that will hold the attention of teen-agers who may not read a daily newspaper.
In a clear sign that orthodontics has been given a push, the Government has allocated money for expensive X-ray machines and other large dental equipment that had to be imported.
Automatic weapons, or machine guns, fire a stream of bullets with each trigger pull.
Italian-Americans build most of them, and Hispanic residents do so to a lesser extent.
The Soviet leader had mixed success.
c-After extraordinary tax loss carryforwards of $715,000, or 17 cents per share, for the quarter and $1,908,000, or 47 cents per share, for the 9 months.
When her turn came, she pitty-patted primly to the front of the class with a gay bouquet of pink-inked pages and began reading - a tale dealing with her youth in an orchard where she was trying to pick peaches and with her mature life in a nursing home where she was trying to teach people who could barely speak the English language something about English literature.
But two months later, on the night of Nov. 23, the same officer who discovered the tombstone desecration saw two figures in what appeared to be white robes in the cemetery.
October'' for his World Series exploits may be the first living star to peddle his own.
I grew about 60 different things.
In the 1950's Rachel Carson raised the general level of public awareness concerning the importance of birds to the general web of life through her book ''Silent Spring.''
I don't want to see them miss the chance.
President Bush has wisely asked him to create the conditions that will enable us to move ahead together without risking the security of NATO and the Warsaw Pact.
But other investigators have previously said the apartment is that of an uncle of Mr. Scott and is where the killing was planned.
''I have bad eyes,'' the worker said.
It can be recommended to anyone who wants to turn out business prose to a good standard.
As the Supreme Court noted recently, the ''occasion'' for the measure was concern about the mob, but ''Congress knew what it was doing when it adopted commodious language capable of extending beyond organized crime.''
Local governments and local authorities responsible for airport development should be allowed free access to all kinds of capital.
Several Times editors, however, wondered whether this use of >looking to was standard English.
He also made largely unsuccessful efforts to elicit a strong statement from the Pope.
Federal District Judge B. Avant Edenfield, who presided, sealed all documents related to the case shortly after the indictment was returned.
''Then we thought of Chicken Margaret.
Property damage is in the millions of dollars, said Mayor Meyera E. Oberndorf.
In a newsletter that Ms. Strong edits for the Well Spouse Foundation, Cindy Cates of California, wife of a disabled spouse, recorded her revealing but unspoken replies to comments people often make: ''You're so brave.''
The hotel, built in 1926, was previously owned by Gerald Guterman, a developer.
Mr. Deikel, 54, will be chairman and chief executive of Fingerhut, succeeding William C. Johnson, who resigned in September for personal reasons.
The killing of the eagle is under investigation by the Federal Fish and Wildlife Service.
Businessmen who work with him are full of praise for Mr. Crandall.
Add the beans, salt and pepper, and saute briefly.
Mr. Cascione was wearing his uniform and was on his lunch hour, a police spokesman, Detective Joseph McConville, said.
You can hear it in Western films (as in ''that hombre is looking to cause trouble'') and in a recent television drama: ''He was selling [ Christmas trees ] , and I was looking to buy.''
''If you say your lines and you don't mess up, you'll be hailed as a genius.
Among them, she cited the heavy rain for much of Tuesday and ''confusion'' among voters caused by a Federal court decision a week earlier that struck down a state law prohibiting school employees and politicians from serving on the local boards.
We still believe the utility business has a future.''
Are there other overtones of paranoia in this general lament?
As word got around, however, so has Walter's Caviar.
Judge Patrick McGann of Superior Court ordered that Mr. Biegenwald be executed by lethal injection March 15.
The nine counts were unsealed May 11 after the trial of Oliver L. North.
The annual State Department global drug report issued earlier this month estimated that Afghanistan's opium production increased from a range of 400-500 metric tons in 1985 to one of 700-800 metric tons in 1988, and could jump by as much as 14 percent this year.
Perhaps in his next book he'll step outside his character and let us in on some of the secrets of his success.
She said it has been extremely difficult for her and her husband to carry on with their lives since the accident; she cries frequently and has flashbacks of her dead sons.
So I made him apologize, and he was demoted.
In the last five years of the Reagan Administration, during which about $350 million in United States aid was sent to the contras.
''Ed was the only producer who tried to do 'Barfly,' '' he explained.
But the times are changing, and a new consensus seems to have emerged - evident, according to many political analysts, in this week's elections -that the role of Government should increase in several areas: combating drugs, improving the environment, modernizing roads, bridges and other public facilities, improving schools and extending health coverage to the uninsured.
''If you put the risk in perspective and look at the incidence levels, there is no reason for alarm.
When, after a lot of such talk, the affair is finally consummated, Maria returns home to an ugly recrimination scene.
The collapse of this year's talks on a housing bill was arguably less disappointing to landlords and developers than to tenants.
''What a great learning tool,'' said Mr. Todd in a typical effort to connect with his audience.
Holly shareholders, while they may be irritated by the delays, are certainly doing better than Tyson shareholders.
His father is the treasurer of Colonial Parking.
It is to be auctioned in Sotheby's European paintings sale at 10:15 A.M. and 2 P.M. on Tuesday.
Federal securities laws require the disclosure of any holdings that total 5 percent or more of a company's stock.
In 1975 he moved to Maine because he saw an opportunity there to broaden a Division I program.
''Our first priority is to improve the quality of our programs and produce them here so that they are relevant to Hispanic Americans, but that cannot be done overnight.''
The venture is to operate as an autonomous company with independent management in about four years.
But Referee Mike Dieguez called Curry for traveling to seal the Walton victory.
In addition, he said, the average room rate last year, a crucial factorin an industry that discounts many prices, was $173 - identical to the major midtown hotels.
South of Charleston, crews hoped to raise the Ben Sawyer Bridge between the mainland and two islands back into place on Wednesday during high tide.
If you're wearing a robe or pajamas, you're inclined to go into the kitchen to have another cup of coffee and waste time.''
''Now I rarely miss a monthly meeting.
''It's a different sense of business - the skills are not as clearly developed,'' the singer said.
City welfare officials are exploring the possibility of a kibbutz-style shelter in which drug-addicted mothers, in order to remain with their children, would be required to undergo treatment.
The Khmer Rouge, led by Pol Pot, ruled Cambodia from 1975 to 1978 and presided over a brutal period in which at least a million Cambodians died.
In return, Mr. Walsh said he would act, in effect, as the Administration's messenger in court should the Attorney General decide that some information cannot be disclosed.
Francine's (7 Sconset Square, Westport, 454-9531; dinner only, Wednesday through Sunday) also does a commendable job of melding fresh ingredients with culinary expertise in an intimate, relaxed setting.
Thus it remained unclear whether the employees' offer was high enough to outbid rivals or even whether the group had lined up sufficient financing to complete a deal.
''I felt that by getting real scientists and actors and mixing them up together that I would create that kind of interest and interchange that was going on at Los Alamos,'' Mr. Joffe said.
The Irish team took the lead in the third, 9.3-kilometer, leg - from the World Trade Center back to the starting line at Tavern on the Green in Central Park - and reclaimed it from the United States on the strength of a powerful performance by John Doherty on the final, 10-kilometer, circuit of the park.
John Halpern, president of Hartz Associates, the developer's parentconfirmed that discussions are under way but declined to provide details pending completion of the deal.
But publicity has been slight, in part because members felt overwhelmed by the media at the time of their injuries.
To keep on top of fashion's constant evolution, the top executives travel the world four or five times a year.
The earlier conclusion that the foreign bidder's rate of return is unchanged as a result of the dollar's devaluation is based on the critical assumption that the exchange rate will remain at its current level.
The United States is acting as an unofficial mediator between Israel and the P.L.O., which everyone agrees would have to approve of the elections before Palestinians in the territories would go to the polls.
But the plan's author, President Oscar Arias Sanchez of Costa Rica counted on the leaders' longing for peace to breathe life into an agreement fraught with ambiguity.
Prudential and Blue Cross/Blue Shield plans around the country have begun to offer networks of doctors and hospitals to small businesses.
Mrs. Lee was one of four members of that board who successfully sought re-election in May, and she resumed her seat on the board on July 1.
Third-seeded Gabriela Sabatini and No.
Some of his comments to his wife were regarded as ''the most interesting discussions.''
15), the Adagio of which was played with exquisite restraint.
The measures could also set the stage for the forcible disarming and relocation of the contra fighters by United Nations forces.
It is the Lady Pepperrell House, built in 1760 for Sir William's widow, and contrasting nicely with the adjacent austerity of the First Congregational Church, a 1730 clapboard with a truncated bell tower.
urged physicians to ''sometimes give your services for nothing,'' doctors have cared for many patients for free or reduced fees.
1.Trim off the ends of the cucumbers and remove the skin.
Out of the same group in Japan, 400 are engineers; in the United States, only 70 are engineers.
A Gold Medal Winner Mr. Vlasov, who won the gold medal for weightlifting at the 1960 Olympics, has remained in the public eye as a writer and crusader against the official sports bureaucracy.
She has performed as a guest artist with other companies, among them the Cleveland Ballet, the Stuttgart Ballet, the National Ballet of Cuba and the state opera ballets of Zurich, Vienna and Munich.
Researchers have recently discovered a set of tumor-suppressor genes, which are thought to work with oncogenes.
A whimsical love seat consists of two old stools, freshly painted.
''It was very much a matter of the diligence of the individual Soviet field commander,'' Mr. Blyth said.
But she fears that if NATO agrees to negotiate, even with stiff conditions, Western public opinion will inevitably force the negotiators to accept Mr. Gorbachev's offer for eliminating all short-range weapons.
There are many other artistic factors that have helped change the climate.
4.Soften the gelatin in 1/4 cup of the cream in a small saucepan.
Please do not respond in any way to any form of criticism or provocation.''
''If the settlement goes forward,'' said Mr. McDonnell, ''the state would become owner.
consolidated close tk5 1/2 Stock price, 52-week range 60 3/4-44 7/8 Employees, Dec. 31, 1988 12,302 Headquarters Akron, Ohio *Excluding discontinued operations
He proved, under that rationale, that any President must take account of Sam Nunn in matters of the nation's defense.
Chess, he said, can tap high levels of thinking that aren't showing up in other academic pursuits.
Each week, I joined 300 undergraduate and graduate students to listen to Mr. Guber's mesmerizing tales of the movers and shakers in the entertainment industry and how they used (and sometimes misused) their power in the pursuit of their craft.
''But reflexively,'' O'Brien said, ''I didn't.''
''They got tired of BMW's,'' muttered Bob Zolczer, a 25-year fly-fishing veteran.
But we don't say people can't build in California.
At 805 Milwaukee is a four-story beige building that now belongs to D & L Office Furniture.
Federated Department Stores lost $321.6 million in 1988, the company reported, chiefly because of high debt-service costs incurred in Campeau's leveraged buyout.
Subpoenas and Publicity Mr. North's lawyers have also issued subpoenas for both testimony and documents to President Bush, former President Ronald Reagan, two House members and three House committees.
Mr. Kennan rarely provided any analysis, in Mr. Stephanson's words, ''of the economic structure that produced most of the litany of ills'' he sees in the the modern world.
No reading, filling out forms or shaving.
I discovered favorite streets and many dream houses.
ONCE, on a long-ago summer evening, I had a fight with a friend.
Nevertheless, Dr. Robert Schrier, a kidney expert at the University of Colorado in Denver, and Dr. Paul L. Kimmel of George Washington University in Washington, both said that the myoglobin may show up later.
All Americans would be covered by a basic package of medical services, which would be the minimum coverage for all private health insurance plans.
'Not a Competitor' Still, the distinction between personal and firm money often gets blurred.
''But it's not often you hear players go out of their way to compliment the coaching staff unsolicited.
In a more familiar vein, Mr. Reagan told Japanese audiences that contrary to much of what is written in Japan, the United States was not a declining nation and was ready to face its future challenges.
Now, normally, being happy to be in San Francisco is not much to talk about and less to write about.
Ms. Turner, as Mr. Fink and Mr. Greenberg show, had a different agenda, and years of resentment to work off when she gained power.
That's how he got the two bogeys that cost him sole possession of the early lead.
But as ''Water's Edge'' got more spectacular with the addition of more round-bellied dancers, it lost something of that initial impact.
To Judge James L. Oakes, a good illustration of why Federal judges deserve pay raises is what happens to their clerks when they join law firms.
THE struggle over language in Canada has roots that go back to the 17th-century, when England and France first locked horns over the vast hinterland of North America.
At first, only grudging support came from Leonel Brizola and from Mario Covas, who placed third and fourth in the November race.
Censors inked out pictures of women in foreign magazines.
Birth defects among birds in the Great Lakes region have increased over the past two decades, the Sierra Club, an environmental organization, said.
Students and their families are already called upon to make substantial sacrifices before receiving help.
The traditional ones were like the fairy tales of Cinderella and the Pied Piper, and their style carried over to Samite's own compositions.
The one-minute spots, promoting ''Dear John,'' ''Empty Nest'' and ''Baby Boom,'' appeared on the videocassettes of ''Switching Channels,'' ''Vice Versa'' and ''School Daze.''
''Fort Greene has been fortunate in the recent crime epidemic,'' said Abigail Golde, publisher of The Hill, a community newsletter.
His collection of 550 albums includes shows that were produced on and off Broadway, and in London.
Zack Brown has given the show a crisp, storybook setting, with model mockups of bridges and skyscrapers.
Even hats were woven and are quite special - above all the pillbox-shaped basketry caps, topped by figures of a human or a zebu, or incorporating Islamic zigzag patterns.
Soviet officials promised there would be no reprisals against any prisoner but have refused to reply to The Times' inquiries about him.
The title is also the team's second in two years, making Oakland the first major league club to win consecutive division titles since the Kansas City Royals completed the feat in 1985.
STICK TO YOUR RIBS, 1785 Stratford Avenue, Stratford, Conn. 06497; 203-377-1752.
The bride-to-be, who adopted the name of a stepfather, is a granddaughter of the late Zendon C. Barnes, an executive vice president of the Mutual Broadcasting Company.
The United States Geological Survey issued a bulletin warning people in mountainous areas around the Bay Area to be ready for landslides and advised people to stay away from coastal bluffs.
For the festival, he said, ''We've taken that kind of tradition and tried to re-establish the party aspect.''
Grab one of Aalto's seemingly free-form bronze door handles and it accommodates the palm of your hand and makes you feel that it is totally your right and privilege to open that door.
''We hear that they're worried,'' the official said.
Both Mr. Yeltsin and Dr. Sakharov, two of the country's most famous mavericks, were excluded from the slates drawn up by their organizations - in Mr. Yeltsin's case, the Communist Party, and in Dr. Sakharov's, the Academy of Sciences.
At a NATO summit meeting in Brussels at the end of May, President Bush said the Western proposals, including reductions in the number of Soviet and American troops in Europe to 275,000 a side, could produce a conventional-arms accord by 1992 or 1993.
''That way, we narrowed it down to a blend of soybean and cotton-seed oil that produced the same taste,'' he said.
''They should be doing something to take care of these people.
The New Jersey program and others also help very old people care for adult children who are disabled or ill. Splitting the Costs Under the Federal legislation creating the program, sponsored by Senator Bill Bradley of New Jersey, each client in the New Jersey program can get up to $2,400 worth of respite a year, enough to pay for about 480 hours of companion visits or fewer hours of care by better-trained health workers.
Her father is the national sales manager at the Magnetic Metals Corporation in Camden, N.J.
In his campaign for President last year, Gov.
The kids would come over in between dances and stare, mouths agape, at the foreigners.
John Ziegler's tolerance of fistfights has kept hockey on ice, too cold for too many people to warm up to.
Some of the notable restaurants and wineries in the area are sending their house specialities to the Sag Harbor Inn from 7 to 10 P.M. Saturday for philanthropists to sample.
Many universities offer athletes the chance to return for a fifth year, tuition free, to complete their education.
President Bush plans to tour the devastated areas of South Carolina, where he will sign the relief bill, on Friday.
At 10 and 11:15 A.M. Information: 535-5530.
Yevgeny P. Velikhov, vice president of the Academy of Sciences and an adviser to President Mikhail S. Gorbachev, is also a deputy chairman.
THROUGHOUT history, designers have used the chair to convey images like power (the throne) and movement (with wings and paw feet).
'Sweeney Todd' A talented actor can even pinpoint the moment when a man embraces murder, as Bob Gunton demonstrates in his portrayal of the title role of ''Sweeney Todd,'' now in revival at Circle in the Square.
''I don't see what purpose it serves,'' he said.
Tanztheater is very possibly an outlet for the tensions of modern life.
Reminiscing about dire financial straits, he recalled, ''I was on the brink of an abscess.''
The task force allows community activists, such as the West Side crime prevention program, to let the police know where local drug ''hot spots'' are, so they can target their patrols long range to stop dealers.
These days, he is still trying to keep his cool, he says, but it is getting more and more difficult.
That Griffith was always more of a showman than a thinker is never more apparent than in this masterwork, whose confused pieties make the racist sentiments of ''The Birth of a Nation'' (1914) look like pure reason.
One official recalled that some people saw ''a de facto renunciation of the doctrine'' in March 1988, when Mr. Gorbachev, in a visit to Yugoslavia, promised not to intervene in the internal affairs of other countries.
''Most of our focus is getting him playing experience,'' said Buck Showalter, the manager of the Albany team.
It would have been difficult for Wittes to find the essential lead at the start of the final.
His choice was Mr. Bosela, at 39 years old a new graduate of the training program for environmental police.
He cited four factors likely to fuel defaults next year: a slowing economy; excessive debt burdens of industrial companies coupled with overly optimistic predictions for sales and profit growth; the disarray in the ''junk bond'' market, and a tightening of bank lending standards for leveraged buyouts.
The bill permitted private insurance agents to sell the association's policies, but the association, which is operated by the state, would pay out claims.
Behind us I heard shouts of ''Just kick him!''
Remove the beef to the side and pour off any excess fat.
I deserve no such accolade.
In St. Louis, Charlie Kovac, a retired engineer for Southwestern Bell Telephone, said he was incensed at the notion that Congress could accept a raise when tight Federal finances were forcing cuts in benefits.
Facing a rare Government rebuke and an official investigation, Japan's largest computer company, Fujitsu Ltd., said today that it would give up a contract to design a large computer system.
But at that time Poland had already held an election in which a genuine opposition party - Solidarity - was allowed to take part and had won virtually all the contested seats.
Dr. James Dennis, vice president of academic affairs at the University of Southern California, said: ''Nearly every school give students special credit for special skills, whether it's music, art or athletics.
Four hours after they were seized, six of the hostages were on their own.
Up went the congratulatory banners for a favorite son, and sales doubled at Mr. Uno's rice wine emporium.
''We shouldn't be ashamed to be honest.
The other five offer these more convincing scripts: The Dinkins Scenario: David N. Dinkins was persuaded by an anti-Koch coalition of labor leaders, liberal Democrats and black politicians not to seek virtually certain re-election as Manhattan Borough President, but to run for mayor instead.
Koch and Dinkins are locked in a head to head.
''Certainly I'm scared to go out,'' said Erna Ellis, a 65-year-old manager of a building on West End Avenue.
Local boosterism may stroke the egos of cup officials, who are tickled by welcoming signs at the airport, civic celebrations and saturation coverage in the local news media.
While the boys were disporting themselves on the streets of the city, in the days when it was still safe to play on the streets, hitting, slapping or punching among the sewers, the girls were engaged in kinder, gentler (though not wimpier) games.
The order specifically allows the rebuilding of homes in the 1,000-foot zone that have been destroyed by storms, but the order may not last long anyway; the New Jersey Builder's Association successfully challenged the law in court and on the state's first appeal, and the second appeal is now pending before the State Supreme Court, New Jersey's highest court.
20 North Carolina State (19-7, 9-4) in the Atlantic Coast Conference game.
His call for both sides to ''explore'' President Eisenhower's old proposal for ''open skies'' surveillance of each other's territories seemed a bit contrived.
In describing how she was brought up in her father's boyhood home by his mother, Ms. Wilson also treats us to a Dickensian picture of Red Bank, where she went as a child in 1923 and where, she writes, both she and her father were ''molded'' by her grandmother's strong will and values.
Walkowitz also caught her stillness on stage - the quality that fascinated Edward Gordon Craig at the very outset of their headlong romance.
b-Net loss and after a $1,028,917 loss from the cumulative effect of an accounting change.
The mixed pattern is designed to improve air flow over the ball.
''We don't think they were deceptive.''
Or were they overzealous amateurs who promoted a crime?
If the Federal Reserve indicated that it was not going to push interest rates higher, upward pressure would be reduced.
The Salvadorans tend to settle in more urban areas, in places with a Spanish-speaking population or near transportation hubs, where trains and buses make it easier to travel for work.
Stone pillars mark the corners of the cabin's foundation on the northwestern shore of the pond, about a half a mile from the entrance.
''The trouble is we now have to learn how to control the formaldehyde that is emitted when methanol is burned,'' he said.
Federal officials refused to comment on the case.
They are Allnet Communications Services Inc., Cable and Wireless Communications Inc., Metromedia Long Distance/ITT, and Telecom U.S.A.
''She says there is a stray cat around her house.''
In Europe the rumblings of war were already reaching into homes everywhere.
Although no one could give specific numbers, the area is widely believed to be second only to New York in the number of Holocaust survivors.
What you're really doing is connecting a piece of text with who you are or who you imagine yourself to be.
Still other differences are the deep cuts sought by Moscow for the second phase of its plan, which go beyond what NATO says it can accept.
According to the registration statement, the Chilean securities markets are substantially less liquid than markets in the United States.
Awareness of the importance of these positions is growing, however, and the qualities that can make someone a valued member of a board are now beginning to be identified.
Every time they walk by, Jeff Blauser hears their friendly gibes.
Mr. Rushdie, who lives in London, has reportedly gone into hiding under police protection.
One of the first steps of the new Economy Minister, Erman Gonzalez, a former aide to the President in his home province, La Rioja, was to free the exchange rate.
The second musical in the series will be presented in August.
Bullmore, the urbane former chairman of J. Walter Thompson's London office and now vice chairman of WPP.
Josh Evans Jimmy Kovic .
He developed a knack for guessing where oil would be found.
I think the trilogy will have an enormous impact.
''In this age of arms control euphoria, it is not that one or another of your options is under attack,'' said the senior official.
Chrysler is building a car in Bloomington, Ill., with the help of the Mitsubishi Motors Corporation; Ford and the Nissan Motor Company recently agreed to build a mini-van together near Cleveland, and G.M.
But even if the conditions are not the most favorable, there are wars that must be fought for a nation's dignity and the survival of its system of government.
Magic Johnson is the most valuable player.
The hardest part was convincing the families and re-training the staff.
After losing $230 million in 1986 and 1987, Discover has earned $57 million for Dean Witter in the last five quarters.
Leaving binoculars in a hot or sunny place, like on the dashboard of a car, can also cause damage.
b-Net income c-Included an extraordinary credit of $6,500,000, or 73 cents a share.
Just north of Third Beach is Indian Avenue, lined with estates sloping down to the Sakonnet River, including Hopelands, whose vineyards press upon the road from both sides.
Ruins like Peterwell (which lie within sight of the university town of Lampeter), speak of a great distance, an interval of time the far end of which may safely be called ancient.
Ranasinghe Premadasa, now Sri Lanka's President, had told the Indian troops earlier this summer that they must withdraw or they would be ejected.
A league can have as few as four teams.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.
''He would never even take a free breakfast.''
Jay Humphries, 26, starting at guard, was acquired from Phoenix in 1988.
While the Israelis attacked north of the border, a state-owned Israeli bus carrying Arab workers was commandeered in Israel and torched in a West Bank village, police said.
''I'll just keep exercising it and keep getting treatment,'' he said.
''The voters should look at my total record.''
Both firms are run by strong-willed, highly public chief executives - Ernst & Whinney by Ray Groves and Arthur Young by Mr. Gladstone - neither of whom is at retirement age.
''The Sandinistas have pledged to facilitate our return home,'' he said.
The company has said that an April restart would return the plant to full operation by summer.
Grain and soybean futures finished narrowly mixed in quiet trading on the Chicago Board of Trade as players awaited news of new export sales.
At firehouses throughout the two counties, officials made certain that pumper trucks were filled to their 500-gallon capacities and that they had non-hydrant sources for any refilling.
The piece never threatened to fall apart under his hands and aptly rose to the heights of Mahlerian eloquence in the finale.
But as the Buffaloes departed at the end of their day at work, less than a week from the Orange Bowl meeting with Notre Dame and the end of their season, one of them acted as if this were late August, and the games were weeks away, and bodies were being worked into condition.
''We're 18-10, and we've lost three times to Syracuse, two to Georgetown, and two to Seton Hall.''
The county said its assessment was legal and said it planned to appeal the decision.
A voice recorder salvaged from the Indian Ocean has failed to explain the cause of an airliner crash in which 160 people died, officials said today.
William H. Webster, the Director of Central Intelligence, called today on the President and Congress to consider giving the Central Intelligence Agency greater latitude in supporting potentially violent efforts to overthrow foreign dictators.
After long moments, he looked up and said, ''Well, you can get married again.''
Other late dollar rates in New York, compared with late Monday, included: 1.8835 West German marks, up from 1.8638; 1.6190 Swiss francs, up from 1.6015; 6.3840 French francs, up from 6.3155; 1.19055 Canadian dollars, up from 1.18925, and 1,365.025 Italian lire, up from 1,354.50.
To The Editor: As an actor, I was fascinated by Michael Bloom's ''Theatrical Casting Can Be High Drama'' [ May 7 ] - in much the same way as a rabbit is fascinated by a snake.
But Pentagon spenders stretched Fedlink's intended function, using funds budgeted for computer services to hire more consultants instead.
''I think the campaign is going well,'' he continued, noting that the voters were familiar with his views and those of his opponent.
To The Home Section: As a teacher in a ''utility building'' who got a ''a shot of whimsy'' and a ''lesson in playfulness'' when she was moved into a mini-building this fall, I feel compelled to speak out about the glaring realities (inadequacies) we face daily in these buildings that appear to be ''on loan from Disney World'' [ ''A Lesson in Playfulness: School Annexes That Please the Eye,'' Oct. 19 ] .
So a call went out to the mature men who rule Southampton village.
The Minnesota-born 56-year-old Bishop Grein was elected in 1988 to succeed Bishop Moore as head of the influential New York diocese, and the two Bishops have served alongside one another since January.
The Air Line Pilots Association asked a Federal bankruptcy court to appoint a trustee to run Eastern, a move considered an attempt to preserve the entire airline while the machinists' and pilots' unions seek an outside buyer for Eastern.
Donoghue's said the seven-day compounded average yield for a taxable money market mutual fund dropped 11 basis points, to 9.14 percent, while the 30-day compounded average yield fell 8 basis points, to 9.23 percent.
''I wait until they're comfortable, and then I make a shapely image.
Today, there are about 500 employees, Mr. Perry said.
Twice I saw German tanks turned back by well-placed British guns.
Harris does not see a direct connection between the success of one black quarterback and an opportunity for another.
Congress responded by requesting that the endowment be more careful in the future, but it legislated nothing as sweeping as the Helms amendment.
The proposals that were set aside then had been considered too controversial to be acted upon quickly.
The spot May crude oil delivery on the New York Mercantile Exchange climbed 53 cents a barrel, to $21.22, driven further by strong demand for byproducts.
China imposed martial law in the Tibetan capital on Tuesday, and thousands of soldiers were reportedly deployed throughout the city early today to begin a crackdown after three days of violent protests against Chinese rule.
The presence of freshmen like Mickey reflects a tradition that is larger than sanctions, televison, and in a sense, larger than the N.C.A.A.
''And if the prisoner faints or is not healthy enough to take all the strokes, he can order the punishment postponed.''
Around $60 for two, including a good local wine.
Some are better than others, but most of them are meant for the morning news and the weather report - not for the deep sonorities of Johannes Brahms.
Edwards scored all 13 of his points in the final period to boost the Piston scoring to 29 points, their best period of the game.
Wine From the Mountains While Napa and Sonoma counties north of San Francisco are California's best-known wine regions, some of the state's finest wines are produced by small wineries in the rugged Santa Cruz Mountains.
There are also practical concerns, such as the availability of treatment.
As 12 o'clock struck, Mr. Malima looked at his watch, gave out a holler to his co-workers, and at once all of them set their tools on the ground, grabbed their coats and, still dusty from their heavy work, left the building to begin the strike and join the rally at V.D.U.P..
When the latter deal becomes effective, probably in the fall, it would leave Ramada Inc. with three casino hotels as its principal assets.
Many companies have reported improved drilling results in fields where they have been pumping oil for years.
They were also distressed to see several thousand tents that were air-freighted to the camp six months ago rotting, unused, in the outdoors.
The certificates in turn represent undivided ownership interest in the receivables owned by the trust.
Indeed, perhaps more than any major off-Broadway producer, Mr. Papp has demonstrated an understanding of theater's unique ability to put a human face on political issues, to bring them to the earthly, visceral level of personal experience.
And it is Patrick who provides the occasion for sin that Cecilia, paradoxically, has been looking for, an affair that eventually destroys her marriage.
In fact, if he doesn't stop all this generosity, said an angry Mayor Sharpe James, he is going to jail.
But they did not see it handed to the Greek leader, they said.
''I really don't, with my friends, talk the way Catherine talks,'' says the slight, 44-year-old playwright.
''We are debating that right now,'' said Christine Lee, 23 years old, a spokeswoman for the balky passengers.
RAOUL'S BUTCHER SHOP, 179 Prince Street, between Sullivan and Thompson Streets (212-674-0708).
It approached so quickly that I didn't have time to turn and see what it was before it was right on top of me.
The catalyst that brings Angela's and Palmer's marriage to a crisis is Ted Cotton, Palmer's handsome, ambitious agent.
So leading 259 House Democrats is like coordinating 259 little political parties; seniority counts for little, and the party line counts for nothing at all.
He declines to say whether he will run again in 1990.
Open Minds NASA officials have given the Livermore idea mixed reviews, a space agency spokesman said.
''In the fifth year, the sixth year the 10th year?''
Another new trend that may emerge in 1989 is the increasing interest in Europe by both corporate and financial acquirers.
Miss Gates, a vice president of Goldman, Sachs & Company in New York, graduated from the Ethel Walker School, where she serves as a board member, and Duke University, where she is a member of the capital campaign and admission committees.
The minister, Masud Roqani-Zanjani, said at a news conference in Teheran that the Government planned to sell some nonstrategic industries to the private sector and use the proceeds to develop strategic units.
Bioequivalence Task Force released the results of a 16-month study that concluded that the testing required by the agency for generics was sound and that doctors could feel secure in substituting products declared therapeutically equivalent by the F.D.A.
Melt butter in a saucepan.
''Before I knew it,'' Gigi Rodriguez said in her written statement, ''John had the pistol in his mouth.
For the Ayatollah and most Iranians, the collapse of the rescue mission was cause for jubilation.
In the meantime, on her own terms, which were also Lenya's terms, Ms. Faithfull's performance would be hard to surpass.
''Those guys will spend almost their entire lives behind bars,'' said Julie M. Cerf, program officer for the Schumann Fund for New Jersey, a foundation based in Montclair.
'Where's the President' ''If the President comes out and says, 'Let's raise gasoline taxes,' we march tomorrow,'' said the aide, speaking on the condition that he not be identified.
Bombing, however, is not Mr. Kadar's or Abu Nidal's specialty.
Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, viewed as holding a pivotal vote, is receiving more abortion-related mail than any other member of the Court, Ms. House said.
A Highly Visible Embarrassment The United States began thinking about encouraging Mr. Howard's expulsion from Hungary months ago, an American official said.
The ratings are too high to ignore.
of Stockholm and BBC Brown Boveri Ltd. of Baden, Switzerland, is one of the world's largest makers of electrical equipment.
Indeed, Saba, a part of the Netherlands Antilles, and close to St. Martin and St. Barthelemy, has been a diver's secret since 1978, when the island's first dive shop opened.
The display is from 144 prints in the museum's permanent collection.
As a matter of fact, a Taco Bell headquarters is in Commack.
The bedroom scene will be shown as flashbacks, through the eyes of different characters like Mrs. von Bulow's maid, Maria Schrallhammer, and others who testified at the trial.
''We believe this is important information for our customers,'' said James A. Cannavino, president of I.B.M.
The syndicator shook his head: ''I'm not interested in being a nice guy but in making money.''
It is repainting the planes of those two carriers with its own colors.
The crowds were demonstrating to support the students in Beijing, but the peasants didn't know what a demonstration was.
Homeless people do live in the park.
Mr. Glenn, for example, says he met with regulators simply to ask why the audit of Lincoln was dragging on beyond the normal 60 to 90 days, not to apply pressure.
Each 25-cent-an-hour raise for captains, waiters and busboys costs $100,000 a year, he said.
The Bush Administration said it wanted to help carry out the Shamir initiative.
The distance on the A4 toll highway from the outskirts of Venice (interchange: Mestre Est) to the outskirts of Trieste (Sistiana) is less than 80 miles.
Getting a few laughs as you learn a language makes the job easier.
IT was a cool, windy night when we pulled away from the pier in Monte Carlo and headed out to an almost frighteningly black vacuum of sea and sky.
Wreckage of Plane Shown Last week, the Government took reporters to view the wreckage of a twin-engine plane it said had crashed in the eastern province of San Miguel while ferrying arms from Nicaragua.
''The ability to create entities which are neither children nor furniture puts us in this situation,'' said Alexander M. Capron, a law professor at the University of Southern California who is an expert in biomedical ethics.
Under use immunity, the Government agrees not to use against a witness information that he or she provides while being questioned.
But Kelsey Stevens, the Children's Aid official who began the Saturday gym program, saw ''so many athletes using and abusing'' that he knew more was needed.
''It will make future leakers think twice,'' he said.
Barfield lined a double to left against Frank Tanana with two out and scored on a one-bounce single to right by Brookens.
G.E.C., which is not related to the General Electric Company based in Fairfield, Conn., has vowed to fight a takeover.
''The corruption of one century ago symbolized by the Tweed Courthouse remains with us today,'' Mr. Giuliani, the former United States Attorney in Manhattan, said in a statement.
Currently at the Greene Art Gallery on the Green, in Guilford, are some 20 of these images, old and new.
Mike Mayweather, the Army halfback programmed to run over Rutgers at West Point on Saturday, adds an extra dimension to the Black Knights' wishbone offense that Coach Jim Young has not previous enjoyed.
He blames us for saying that Allied armies in 1918 were held together by exemplary executions.
Some were better than good.
''My interests are far different than they once were,'' he says.
In fact, she and the internationally known pianist Ken Noda, class of 1980, were among the first in an impressive number of graduates who have gone on to make names for themselves in music.
Cole's face has been called a ''mud pie'' and a ''used Brillo pad.''
-Will Crutchfield POP/JAZZ Jackson Browne: 'World In Motion' Elektra 60830; all three formats.
Dressed in tan pants, a blue sport shirt and tennis shoes, Mr. Ravitch bounded out of the Jeep even before the driver, Gordon Jacobs, brought it to a complete stop in front of the Brighton Beach Bath and Racquet Club.
* Knirps Umbrella, to Michael Dweck & Co., with a budget of $500,000.
Compared to the profundity of the content, any visual staging will only magnify the banal.
The newly elected and empowered legislative body, the Supreme Soviet, rejected six men who had been nominated to the Council of Ministers.
Another floor sparkles with a solid wall of 1960's-style lava lamps and psychedelic gadgetry.
She left in a huff.
Mr. Fisher and Mr. Dickstein attended the University of Pennsylvania, graduating in 1983 and 1980 respectively.
The general said that after he gave a long explanation, Mr. Reagan replied, '' 'I always thought the world might end in a flash, but this sounds like it's worse.'
The Tactical Narcotics Teams, which work undercover in targeted neighborhoods, were formed after the killing of Officer Edward Byrne, 22, who was shot on Feb. 26, 1988, as he sat in a parked patrol car in Queens while guarding a witness in a drug case.
''About the only specific thing I recall from the transition is that he intends to aid Jonas Savimbi,'' head of the anti-Communist Unita rebels in Angola.
Today's ads, by contrast, show a Lawrence so fashionably fey that he appears to be modeling his flowing Arab costume.)
The family budget is tight but not fatal.
That flavor had just about nothing in common with the Mexican restaurants I've visited north of the border.
The size of the bill sale was increased by $5 billion on Monday to finance the first part of the $50 billion savings and loan bailout that will take place over the next 26 months.
The 12-tournament series, which began in May and runs through August, was in its ninth stage this past weekend.
* Rhone-Poulenc S.A., Courbevoie, France, a maker of cosmetics and specialty chemicals, said it would build a high-quality phosphoric acid plant in Geismar, La.
Allen H. Neuharth, who retired on April 27 as the chairman of the Gannett Company, sold 193,550 Gannett shares earlier this month for $7.3 million.
Sports television, just coming into its own in 1949, created celebrities instead.
The report said: ''A wound or injury is regarded, not as a misfortune, but a blessing.''
All shows begin at 6:30 P.M. and are canceled if it rains.
The Macfadden people say they don't intend to alter the editorial focus.
He found himself suddenly adrift.
Judge Goettel said that the act's regulations define reasonable access as including a sign-language interpreter for a deaf person otherwise qualified to participate in an activity.
He, on the other hand, will ''fight by the rules of Stonewall Jackson,'' he continued.
''It's really only in this decade that we've begun to be taken seriously,'' said Dr. Shane Murphy, staff sports psychologist for the Olympic Committee, which formally created the position three years ago.
Later, I wrote a letter to the school newspaper to try to raise campus awareness of date and fraternity rape.
Holmgren was an assistant for the Flyers for three years before taking the top job last season.
The decision, which was said by Merrill executives to have been made by Mr. Yassukovich, comes after months of concern about his ability to continue working with the firm as well as maintaining his outside activities.
The anger has been compounded under the emergency decree.
They have fidelity equal to digital tape players and have been available for cars for about four years.
Are we now to refer to Faulkner as a ''male regionalist''?
An industrial policy needs to assist the most productive American manufacturing sectors.
In the other semifinal Brazil led throughout against Poland, ending the day with a 45 imp advantage.
But if it needs improvement, there's no obstacle to another revision in a few years.
Now they're all color coordinated with their teams' uniforms.
''The gringos don't plan to affect our independence.''
She had enjoyed a previous job promoting Gatorade and thought that selling might be similar.
The regular season ends April 23.
John staged a comeback, edging out Robert for 10th place.
Debt * Cincinnati Gas and Electric Co. is offering $100 million of 9.70 percent first mortgage bonds due 2019 at 99.80, to yield 9.72 percent through Morgan Stanley & Co.
It's actually pretty funny and is one of those times when you feel like a member of that special club.
''I started from ground zero,'' said the 46-year-old Mr. Karp, who is from Stamford and is a playwright and filmmaker, as well as a director.
Wally Joyner walked, and Brian Downing followed with a double toward the corner in left.
8 14 BELOVED, by Toni Morrison.
''I don't necessarily think turnover is bad for an institution.
Sight singing is taught in public schools.
He also has a late 18th-century architect's table, a mid-18th-century Roman wig box and wrought-iron window gates imported from Rome.
But two years ago, when the Iraqis dropped poison gas on the Kurds, fellow Muslims and inhabitants of Iraq, the world hardly noticed.
The company declined to comment, but industry sources estimated that no more than a few dozen employees would be laid off.
China will supplant the Soviet Union as the largest importer of wheat in the current trading year that ends in June, the International Wheat Council said today.
The ramshackle encampment of the homeless in Tompkins Square Park is drawing mounting criticism from residents of the Lower East Side, a community where rioting broke out last year when the police tried to sweep the homeless from the park.
Jesse Barfield joined the Yankees yesterday and described himself as ''a kid with a new toy.''
They took the solo recital format and let it out a little at the waist.
The highway has become a subject of unusual political and racial sensitivity.
Its owner, a type attacked throughout the century, is what one anonymous writer called ''Farmer Slack.''
Rectangles that were often pleated like accordians, the screens were inlaid with plasters of mostly geometric forms in quiet colors and had a vaguely oriental air to them as well as a certain fusty dustiness.
Her father, a lawyer, is a managing director at the Adams & Rinehart public relations company in New York.
''I cannot say they have accepted it,'' the Mayor said, referring to the reaction of state officials with whom his proposal had been discussed.
* Nynex Corp., White Plains, named as a director John R. Stafford, president and chief executive of American Home Products Corp. * Pennsylvania Power and Light Co., Allentown, Pa., elected as a director Clifford L. Jones, president of the Pennsylvania Chamber of Business and Industry, Harrisburg.
Some members remarked today that they had been deluged this week by hundreds of telephone calls from consumers, urging them to approve the ban.
''So many people were talking about billions of dollars of product by the late 1980's,'' said Paul Kiefer, manager of commercial development for plant sciences at Monsanto, which has perhaps the largest biotechnology program of any company.
They are a mix of Democrats, Republicans and a Liberal.
And Isabel Leonard, 6, was unhappy with the baby sitter who ''sat down and read the newspaper, and I was in my room doing nothing.''
* The most inefficient collective farms will no longer be nursed along.
Piracy is widespread, in part because it is so simple and fast - and has become more so since software companies stopped using copy protection.
''The old chiefs are turning over decisions to the young because they can drive a truck or operate a video machine or go to the bank,'' he says.
Prices fluctuated throughout 1988, the economists said, but stayed well below the $18 level.
Seating is available from 6:30 P.M. to 8:30 P.M. daily except Wednesdays, when it is closed.
These startling and dramatic pictures were a fraud; a fraud perpetrated by ABC News, using an actor who resembled Mr. Bloch.
When masses of news people start using the same Pentagon euphemisms, you can bet they are not inventing their own cliches but amplifying a melody the Government wants lodged in the public ear.
''We have very long relationships with some Swiss insurance companies,'' he said.
In the articles, Prof. Lynch characterized the racketeering law as a useful device that has filled in the gaps of Federal law in many cases and said it had not been abused.
* Great Lakes Chemical Co., West Lafayette, Ind., said it had agreed to buy about 51 percent of Octel Associates, a European chemical company, and its operating unit, Associated Octel Co., for $180 million.
''As a friend, I tell you that Americans are not as patient as the Japanese,'' Mr. Reagan said in the text of a speech scheduled to be delivered at the end of his nine-day visit in Japan.
''I've learned to dance pretty well,'' he said.
N. H., Manhattan Answer: Probably.
BAJAN FRIED CHICKEN 1/4 cup fresh thyme leaves 1/4 cup fresh marjoram leaves 1/4 cup chopped fresh sage leaves 2 large cloves garlic, peeled and coarsely chopped 2 tablespoons corn oil Juice of 1 lime 2 to 3 Scotch bonnet peppers, seeded (see note) 6 scallions, tops and bottoms 1 teaspoon paprika 1/2 teaspoon ground cloves Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste 2 fryer chickens, cut into serving pieces Vegetable oil for frying 1 egg, lightly beaten 1 cup buttermilk 2 cups fine dry bread crumbs.
Clouds act as a blanket to trap heat near the earth and also as a shield against the sun's rays to keep the planet cool.
''Would it be better to do something on-site on our own, or to join with other companies in a near-site consortium?''
Largely using the Government's figures, the report shows on the basis of a two-year study (subjected to peer review by an independent panel) that children are at ''intolerable risk'' from a wide variety of potentially lethal chemicals that they ingest in legally permissible quantity.
Reflecting the continued slide in short-term interest rates, bids on three-month and six-month Treasury bills auctioned yesterday produced the lowest average rates in more than six months.
FOR PEACE OF MIND, AN EXTRA STEP Before concluding your purchase of a diamond, especially one larger than a carat, it is best to get an appraisal from a qualified gemologist.
The actors are precisely in character and are also secure with their American accents.
The Gonzalez Administration had forecast 3 percent inflation last year, but it ended up at 5 percent, and in some ways Mr. Gonzalez's failure to reach his 3 percent goal is at the heart of his dispute with labor.
And was it really necessary to close every street the motorcade entered - and some that it had just passed - from the F.D.R.
Have you got someplace near there that we might be able to ditch?
The Ones That Got Away Then there were the endorsements that weren't.
An untitled memoir by Andrei D. Sakharov, the Soviet dissident who died last week.
Hours: Monday to Sunday 9 A.M. to 6 P.M., Wednesday to 9 P.M.
''I'm too big to buy and I'm too big to sell,'' said the head of the arbitrage department at a large firm that holds more than 500,000 shares and incurred a paper loss of more than $50 million last week.
The briefs submitted by Mr. North's lawyers argue that a proposal by prosecutors to limit the disclosure of state secrets during the proceeding would violate the former national security aide's right to a fair trial.
Under Pol Pot, little rice or food was given to the people because the Khmer Rouge wanted us to become so weak we would not have the strength to rise up against them.
HAVE you ever caught the moment when a child discovers the joy of imagery?
Larry Gelbart's ''Mastergate'' would seem to be at the furthest possible remove from the firmly compressed, strictly verbal round robin of ''Love Letters.''
Hu Yaobang suffered a seizure, collapsed and died.
She lives off intermittent medical consulting work and her savings.
He said Mr. DeChirico ran from the shooting, clutching her purse, and passed several people, including Mr. Morales.
Responding to the arrest of the Czechoslovak playwright Vaclav Havel, a group of influential figures in the arts in New York staged a program of protest on Monday night.
A given child in Dr. Costello's study might qualify for several different diagnoses.
She had become one of the country's longest surviving children born with AIDS and a national symbol of a group whose number is steadily growing.
But, he added, ''There was very heady talk about Congress running the Government after the election, and it was entirely unrealistic.''
Still Big Savers The conservatism is most evident in the amount Germans tuck away, and how they tuck it away.
On Tuesday evenings, members train on the 400-meter track at the Sixth Street Park adjacent to the East River Drive.
Because the urge for an afternoon nap is appreciably weaker than the need to sleep at night, naps can be suppressed when they are inconvenient, although the cost is increased drowsiness, Dr. Broughton said.
The series opens at 8 P.M. Thursday with a dress rehearsal of ''Dr.
championship, playing for the University of Arizona.
She said: ''He was tireless.
He started in right away: ''What is it about our company that makes you interested in working for us?''
The four cities had agreements with the agency to control discharges of toxic wastes by industry.
It will stay open round the clock as demand requires.
By mail: United States Embassy, Moscow, U.S.S.R., APO New York 09862.
Monteith said the university was ''committed to take actions necessary to convince the public we run the program with integrity.''
The play's director is Charles Maryan and the cast includes Anthony Fusco, Lesly Kahn, Woody Romoff, James DeMarse, Joan Howe and Robert Nichols, all of whom did the play at Jewish Rep. ''Cantorial'' is billed as a comedy-drama, mixing laughter and the supernatural.
Shows are at 9:30 and 11:30; there is a $10 cover charge and a $7 minimum.
More than a third of the 43 countries at the meeting expressed support for an agreement that included at least an initial goal of stabilizing emissions.
Much of the water's energy is gone by the time it returns down the seaward slope as backwash, so it carries off relatively little sand.
In this case, he has polished a symbol of the way that recent French and British history have been woven together in the lives of the Duke and Duchess.
State and Federal prison populations have doubled in the 80's and tripled since the 60's.
The convoy had stopped for the night in La Ceiba, and some soldiers were given a night's leave, said Charles V. Barclay, a spokesman for the American Embassy in Tegucigalpa.
'They're a Part of Me' Mr. Johnson credits his parents and the Becks for showing him what lay beyond his gutted streets.
The cast for ''Mystic Pizza,'' for example, spent 36 days and $2 million in the state, with expenses going toward location and equipment rentals, office supplies, clothing, fuel, food and lodging.
Governor Cuomo says he supports in principle ''scenic easements'' between the highway and the Hudson, giving people in Manhattan views of the river and the lower Palisades.
Is there life after Steve Garvey?
You just can't compete with them.''
At present, each country operates its own national paging system and very few systems operate across borders.
The homes in the development, called Chestnut Hill Estates, are of traditional or contemporary design.
Criticism and Fire Racing to the Senate floor the day after the collapse of the attempted coup in Panama, he criticized the Bush Administration for incompetence with the same oratorical fire that back home earned him the honor of Grand Orator of the Grand Lodge of Masons of North Carolina.
But somehow it did not seem to matter quite as much, given the generally upbeat character of the day.
members from Latin American countries intended to run, and that if he were to defeat them in an election - a simple majority is required -they would blame him.
Boehlert (R) Y N 26.
In the broader market, the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index dipped 0.52, to 309.12, while the New York Stock Exchange composite index slipped 0.31, to 172.82.
There is something childlike, as well, about Alexander Calder's mischievous sculpture of a red devil that holds center stage in the show at Pace (32 West 57th Street, through June 17).
Everywhere we went we were hailed with greetings and offered hundreds of hands to shake, but somehow this sea of pilgrims never boarded the same trains we did.
After the game, Jackson made use of the line that he has had the opportunity to use all season.
The other thing you got up here is rocks and hills.
In the finale, he revisited both worlds, playing the Largo serenely and completing the circle by applying the same knifelike accentuation to the Allegro Risoluto as he had brought to the opening movement.
''But over all, we have gotten off to an excellent start.''
And it is, in the form of a ring of boulders hauled several yards in the opposite direction from where the wall was severed.
Ultimately, Raffael's ''visual encyclopedia'' serves to make the reality of history itself a kind of packaged commodity, to be play-buttoned, paused, fast-forwarded and ejected.
But some economists questioned the improvement in operating income, warning that it did not accurately reflect the status in the industry.
An as example, Parcells mentioned Flynn, a seventh-year backup safety who is limited in minicamp because of an injured calf muscle.
She was an owner and officer of Mallightco during that time.
Resorts International suspended payments to its bondholders, saying cash flow had been less than anticipated.
The love-hate motif was already present in ''La Sylphide.''
It is the largest tanker spill in United States history.
I don't speak out on most public issues.
''Who has not been stoned in the last two weeks?''
But the big wage increases never materialized, and now the window of opportunity has passed.
Doubling of Size Cited Bert Ely, a financial consultant in Alexandria, Va., who recently reviewed the Lincoln case, noted that during 1984 - the first year that Mr. Keating owned Lincoln - the institution's financial statements raised red flags.
Like most of their neighbors, they entertain on Sundays, Mrs. Bergdahl said.
''The days of a company's saying, 'We hire you, and you just get here,' are over,'' said Deborah L. Heinrich, director of the Mayor's Transporation Management Roundtable, which helped organize Transportation Day.
''There's no offer; there's nothing,'' said Paul Karos, an airlines analyst at the First Boston Corporation.
Bill of Rights for Government-paid educations.
''Negative, trivial and scurrilous ads are not a new phenomenon nor are present versions necessarily more outrageous than those from other elections,'' said Curtis Gans, director of the Committee for the Study of the American Electorate, a private group that studies voter participation.
The current dispute revolves around a proposal announced late last year by Dr. Satcher.
''Jabberwocky,'' the finest piece in this anthology, is as coherent and incoherent as the great nonsense poem on which it is based.
There is seldom a figure for saturated fat.
And as personified by Mr. Gromyko, the Soviet leadership in those years was increasingly intractable and irascible, insisting on a martial law crackdown against the Solidarity movement in Poland, rejecting calls from a United Nations majority to pull out of Afghanistan, and rebuffing President Reagan's proposals to eliminate Soviet and American medium-range missiles from Europe.
The First Boston Corporation ranked second, advising on 153 deals worth $78.23 billion, despite the loss of its senior executives in charge of mergers-related work, Bruce Wasserstein and Joseph Perella.
Sean S. Cunningham, the mastermind behind the ''Friday the 13th'' and ''House'' films, has given ''Deepstar Six'' a flat, predictable tone and a minimum of suspense; most of the monster footage is saved for the film's ending, though it would be anticlimactic no matter where it turned up.
A county judge, stepping into an area the judiciary has rarely entered, ruled today that A. Bartlett Giamatti, the baseball commissioner, cannot hold a hearing Monday into Pete Rose's alleged betting on baseball games.
Do you mean getting $800 billion worth of foreign goods in seven years without being able to pay for them?
Last week, Avon rejected an offer by Mr. Jacobs to buy the company for $41 in cash, or $2.2 billion, but Mr. Preston agreed to meet with Mr. Jacobs.
Giuseppe De Rita says that it is true in his household, even though he has eight children, ranging in age from 15 to 27, all living at home.
A few big-ticket weapons will be canceled, but herds of cripples will be continued.
''My position is absolutely firm: I stick to the course of perestroika, to Gorbachev's course.
Bo Schembechler, the athletic director and head football coach at Michigan, said he thought the proposal, adopted last week by the Presidents' Commission of the National Collegiate Athletic Association, sent mixed signals.
''People have been remarkably stupid by sticking these disks in their machines without reading the accompanying literature,'' said Noel Bonczoszek, a detective in the computer crime unit of Scotland Yard's fraud squad.
It is quoted in ''The Devil and Dr. Barnes,'' by Howard Greenfeld (Penguin).
Atwater was elated by the Democrats' choice of a North-eastern ''liberal'' Governor without a populist chromosome in his body.
The Bonnier family also controlled the publishing house Ahlen & Akerlund, where Mr. Bonnier was chairman until 1982.
The home addresses of more than a third of the infants who died were noted to be in the designated poverty areas of Nassau County.
Atmosphere: Memorabilia-filled, 19th-century landmark; 20th-century bar scene.
Qg5 23 Qe6 wins material anyway.
''But afterwards, we have good relations.
made in the bonuses split by Kidder employees.
More than 100 nuclear power plants worth $30 billion have been abandoned in recent years.
It's a needless nuisance that diary publishers inflict on the world every December.
Many Cuba experts in the United States are convinced that none of the smuggling could have taken place without Mr. Castro's knowledge and approval.
The Byrd resolution would require that ''no less than 40 percent'' of the work on the project be given to American companies.
The man not only yielded the cab, he held the door for her.
Altos de Chavon in La Romana is an artists' retreat that has a branch of the Parsons School of Design.
Mr. Huber would also reduce the discretion of the courts, putting a time limit on product liability and in some cases substituting the judgment of experts for that of juries.
In fact, I think the white students were more uncomfortable than we were.''
One of his essential possessions, his typewriter, was stolen from his room.
It will all take place Tuesday through Thursday at Danal's, 90 East 10th Street, with a 6:30 P.M. curtain.
Lunch Monday to Friday; dinner daily.
Congratulations on your photographic feature ''Victories of the Spirit'' (Photographs by Mary Ellen Mark, Aug. 27).
A benefit at the National Arts Club, 15 Gramercy Park South, will help support the venture: champagne reception at 7, followed by a New England-style dinner and songs of the sea and shore by the troubadour Bill Schustik.
American folk art is in short supply, but there are many more dealers in Oriental art (9), silver (8), porcelain (11) and antiquities (3) than have been represented at the Winter Antiques Show.
Critics noted that the measurement was consistent with the radiation normally measured in cement basements, where the Utah experiments were conducted.
Councilman Robert J. Dryfoos of Manhattan, the bill's principal sponsor, said it would protect the carriage horses and the riding public from the hazards of heavy traffic.
Nine murders in three wealthy North Carolina families that are connected by obsessive love and custodial conflicts.
The number of Emergency Law detainees held without due process fell from between 2,000 and 3,000 to around 900.
That strategy was aimed both at positioning him as the strongest Democratic alternative and, by making Mr. Giuliani appear more vulnerable, at jolting voters who figured it made little difference who won the Democratic primary.
It's obvious to Willy he's gotten hold of a customer for whom cars are less plain means of getting around than essential cogs of a Southern boyhood myth.
Other regulations remain in effect.
The committee's Democrats plan to work with Mr. Gradison and Mr. McGrath this weekend in fashioning their own package and plan to caucus early next week.
In what Ms. Montoya called a ''cultural pluralism plan,'' the university will identify programs that foster cultural pluralism and then assess which needs to be enriched.
''This is tricky stuff,'' says Ms. Feigin.
He and his bride formerly worked for Merrill Lynch Capital Markets in New York, where he was a financial analyst and she was a strategic analyst.
Mr. Ishiguro was indeed born in Japan but has not lived there since he was 5 years old.
On the basis of her clinical experience with sexually troubled adults, Dr. Renshaw has concluded that a lack of early sexual learning, a failure to know one's own body, ''correlates with later sexual problems.''
But the truth is that they haven't acceded to the U.S. position; they have offered only to defer both questions until after a Start treaty is signed.
The program also included ''Today, With Dragon'' and ''Cantilever Two.''
The verdict at last week's session, announced by the two co-chairmen at the conclusion on Thursday, was highly unfavorable to the claims of a new energy source.
The castle of the great pasha (''May I be praised!'')
Delighted and surprised, the Bills' quarterback passed the ball eight straight times at the start of today's divisional playoff game, unbalancing the Houston Oilers.
It also includes a typical parlor and kitchen furnished with original items from local homes.
Next to it I keep an inexpensive battery tester, so when I load cells into a camera I know they're up to the job.
The source of the Macklowe dispute, though, was significant: a moratorium on the alteration or demolition of single-room-occupancy hotels.
Under arrangement between leaders of both parties in the House and Senate, the Speaker was to prevent such a vote, regardless of action in the Senate.
He says he will not return to the negotiating table unless the rebels first agree to a cessation of hostilities.
Using a camera mounted on a tripod, I took some self-portraits in the hotel mirror.
''Imagine someone in the future digging up a sign that says Cuckoo's Nest, Nine Oscars,'' Mr. Stuart said.
''There are regulations which prevent us from using our own money in these pension funds in our own interest,'' said Mr. Jackson, calling for efforts to change those regulations and release $80 billion in investment over a 10-year period.
Since Oct. 13, when the dollar stood at 1.9075 marks and 144.15 yen, it has fallen sharply, closing yesterday at 1.8340 marks and 141.85 yen.
They stopped and chanted for several minutes in front of each house.
Running in only the second marathon of her life, she finished 14th among the women, with an excellent time of 2:38:27.
Because the primary language of many Haitian children is Creole, there are special classes at the school to ease them into speaking English.
Her elaborate tomb has become a shrine for pilgrims who still embrace Claudine, Cheri, Gigi and her other characters as if they were favorite children or beloved cousins.
Mitchell hit 19 home runs in the entire 1988 season.
Wisconsin (2-7, 1-5) lost its fourth game in a row.
YEARS ago, there were matchmakers who arranged for young men and women to meet the perfect marriage partner.
But I wanted him to stand for the universal Russian.
Gibbons Green officials did not return telephone calls.
Both are big, strong and incredibly swift.
''Nobody should think that we are going into this with our eyes closed,'' she said.
There were no punches thrown.
Jack Thompson, a Lexus dealer in Doylestown, Pa., reported that most of his trade-ins have been Mercedes-Benz cars.
Sheep's Clothing (1620 Shakespeare Street; 301-327-2222) features natural fiber clothing from Ireland and Scotland, including handmade Irish sweaters.
Among the largest creditors are the Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company, which had made a $36.5 million personal loan to Mr. Hunt, and Minpeco S.A., a Peruvian minerals company.
In April 1988, the Cardinals traded his rights to the Seahawks for a first-round draft choice and two fifth-round choices.
The Hall of Mirrors of Versailles - only bigger.
The association had arranged more than a dozen surrogate contracts in Ohio before Ms. Wyckoff left the state several years ago to set up a similar agency in California.
Some hurled firebombs and rocks at the riot police, who responded with tear gas grenades.
and the World Bank had produced analyses that showed the same needs.
William Finneran, chairman of the New York State Commission on Cable Television, said yesterday that at last week's meeting of the National Association of State Cable Agencies, the group had agreed that deals generating large debt were dangerous.
But he said: ''If there is a considerable outpouring of sympathy or positive remarks about Gorbachev and his policies in the United States, if the general attitude or public mood here has become more sympathetic toward the Soviet Union, those views and attitudes will be reflected throughout the texture of our broadcasts.''
Rescuers had found wreckage from
Mr. Shultz said the Soviets ''have the attitude'' that if the installation is a chemical weapons plant, ''it is a real problem.''
Another item from Leipzig showed Construction Minister Wolfgang Junker facing building workers on the job and conceding under criticism that better planning by his ministry was necessary to help them overcome the lag in housing construction.
''So long as he refuses to do this, he will only exacerbate Israel's isolation in the regional arena, and the uprising in the territories will continue and perhaps intensify.''
His work, based in jazz and modern dance, certainly has its own distinctive look.
East teams, I'll look at the tapes a little closer and a little longer because I might not have seen their pitchers for several weeks.
''We cannot hand over the money automatically,'' he cautioned.
The challenge for President Bush in the Middle East hostage crisis goes beyond whether he can save eight Americans.
After the verdict, Detective Venditti's mother, Anna, said the family respected the decision.
Senator Alan Cranston of California, another principal sponsor of the bill, said lawmakers had received no ''specific commitment'' from Jack F. Kemp, Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.
Williams raised his arms in the traditional victor's gesture.
Over all, the 12 designs of Smith's 24 sophomore students from last summer have elicited dozens of inquiries from independent and commercial bike builders.
''For one thing, we had immortals long before we had the real estate on which to honor them.''
''Neither report introduces a new inflationary bias into the market,'' said Peter Greenbaum of Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Company.
He said the hospital's patients had ''not'' included many children with AIDS.
His twin brother, Jiro (''Second Son''), is a psychologist who lives in Brooklyn, and after spending a few days with him, Mr. Shimono said: ''It's hard to talk to other people because we speak in shorthand.
But hotels have been given special rations, and anyone planning to go should ask the hotel, when reserving a room, to be picked up at the airport.
The report cites as an illustration the loss of a $100 million contract for digital switching equipment for Jordan in 1985.
Parents should book parties at least three months in advance if they want to schedule a weekend party.
''There are many of the things the town officials could be doing,'' he said.
Without Sterling Forest to absorb much of the annual rainfall, these rivers - already swollen by runoff from overdeveloped areas - would present an even greater threat.
The document, Mr. Steinberg said, names Lieut.
But they lamented the cost in lives and physical destruction, and hoped for U.S. support of a negotiated solution sooner rather than later.
He writes: ''The first, and overarching, count in the new indictment is that slavery permitted one group of people to exercise unrestrained personal domination over another group of people.''
He is the vice president of the Smyrna Land Company, a division of Sterling Grace Capital Management in New York.
Although magicians show considerable esthetic flair, as scholars they fall flat on their faces.
A 27-year-old Hispanic mother of four who requested anonymity said she planned to vote for Mr. Giuliani because she believed Mr. Dinkins would only represent the interests of blacks.
A major advantage of the pencil poppers or the slab-sided plugs is that they can be cast great distances because their weight is concentrated in their aft ends.
He is also the owner of that rarer gift of sympathy, an unsentimental compassion for bruised and disordered lives.''
We think they both came from the lead aircraft, but both aircraft did fire missiles.
Chancellor Helmut Kohl's decision to interrupt his long-awaited visit to Warsaw for only 24 hours to deal with the opening of the Berlin wall suggested that he was at pains to convince leaders that Bonn's preoccupation with East Germany will not distract it from its concerns about the rest of Eastern Europe.
But the Spanish authorities are running the risk of further appreciation in the peseta and further deterioration in the country's trade balance, economists say.
Vinyl gutters contain certain seams called expansion joints; these are left unsealed intentionally to permit the material to expand and contract with changes in temperature.
It all depends on the characters.
Just before dawn on Sunday, when the crowds refused official demands to clear the square, the troops tried to break them up by force.
''The principal came out and asked me what I was doing, and I said, 'Restoring the statue.'
Under the new equivalent of Article 70, a person calling for the overthrow of the Soviet system ''or for its alteration in ways contradicting the U.S.S.R. Constitution .
Soviet offer to mend relations rejected.
Mayor Edward I. Koch, who criticized Mr. Grinker for suggesting to a reporter that the Mayor did not sufficiently support the H.R.A., said he thought his welfare chief believed ''there was a vendetta against him.''
In a biting exchange of attacks and counter-attacks, the two major candidates for governor of New Jersey tonight charged each other with ethical lapses and portrayed one another as ideological outsiders in this moderate suburban state.
He's 70 now, but in the early weeks of spring training he sometimes pitches batting practice.
Mrs. Frappier said she made at least 15 calls before getting through on the contest line.
He said a rush of Federal funds in the new area could be detrimental, and cautioned lawmakers to pause for scientific confirmation before putting major money into the work.
Indeed, in this cellular age, they can be found almost anywhere, including the family car.
But the commissioners found that the necessary chain of ownership was not created by the lots that make up Grand Central's rail yard, under the street surface.
Charles Palmer, the chef and a co-owner of Aureole in Manhattan, serves tea-smoked squab.
Per-share figures reflected a 50-percent stock dividend declared in July.
But the question of how to fix it brings forth a plethora of ideas that pit poor cities against rich suburbs, Democrats against Republicans, and legislator against legislator.
Moreover, since no Federal repository for spent fuel will be available until 2003, the nuclear material will have to be stored at the plant, and guarding and maintaining it is expected to cost $10 million to $15 million a year.
Mexico Question: I have heard that Huatulco is Mexico's playground of the future and would like to stay there but have been unable to get information on resorts.
While the computer disk company made its May 15 interest payments on time, S.&P.
On the Commodity Exchange in New York, gold bullion for current delivery closed down by 50 cents, at $367.90 an ounce.
Shadow, who is chided by friends in this town of 8,000 for being ''different.''
Mr. Purcell said the firm has trained between 1,000 and 1,600 new brokers each year for seven years, and Dean Witter has one of the youngest broker forces in the business.
While this perception obscures the achievements of other German theaters, particularly those led in Stuttgart and Bochum by Claus Peymann and in Hamburg by Mr. Zadek, it accurately reflects the Schaubuhne's special status.
officials said the higher-performance Micro Channel would end industry speculation over competing standards.
During his 11 years in power, South Africa made military attacks on all its neighbors, agreeing only under pressure this year to a settlement in Namibia and Angola.
Mr. de Klerk has made it clear that the Government does not intend to negotiate itself out of power.
Approval of Cutback Last week, a panel of the House Armed Services Committee voted to cut $75 million from $115 million the Bush Administration proposed to begin construction of the plutonium refinery in fiscal 1990.
In 4 of the 32 decentralized New York City school districts, where black, Hispanic and Asian-American pupils make up half or more of the public school enrollment, all the members of the locally elected school boards are white.
Light truck sales, which rose 9.2 percent, to 51,075, made the difference for G.M.
We are doing some things on a regional basis.
It's a minor work, however, and it's coupled with Domenico Scarlatti's brief ''Dirindina,'' an occasionally hilarious comedy of even less musical interest.
Police Commissioner Francis Roache said the ban would not solve Boston's drug or gang problem, but called it an important step in the community's response to violence.
With 120,000 employees in offices all over the country, perfect discipline is impossible.
You name it and we got it.''
The Congressional intelligence committees do not have the power to stop covert operations, but their united opposition to a proposal has traditionally been sufficient to stop it.
Lay a piece of the fiberglass over this, press it into the wet resin and then saturate the cloth with more resin.
Life will not be easy, however, because other banks also see Europe as their home turf.
Lawrence Spagnola was the best man.
The health implications are uncertain, but experts are concerned that the virus could cause leukemia or other serious diseases that will exact a rising toll in future years.
Jody Ann Hocart, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William T. Hocart of Essex Fells and Bay Head, N.J., was married yesterday to Gregory Michael James, a son of Mr. and Mrs. John G. James of Glen Rock, N.J., and Fairfield, Conn.
Before stepping onto the polished wood floor, guests remove their shoes and are handed a plastic tag with a number.
He is now a visiting professor at the University of Southern California's School of Religion in Los Angeles.
If the pipe is metal and away from combustible material, you can also use a propane torch equipped with a flame spreader to produce a wide, relatively cool flame.
Under pressure from the ruling Liberal Democratic Party there was an overhaul of the tax system.
'Some Mistakes' ''Some mistakes were made in the past, but we deny there was any criminal wrongdoing,'' a company spokesman, Glenn Ruskin, said of the indictment.
I was sitting at home thinking about that yesterday.
Julius Maldutis, an analyst at Salomon Brothers, said GPA's order ''is going to cause quite a sensation.''
Not so clear-cut are our reactions to someone who testifies against friends and/or former colleagues.
Potential Changes for Baseball More likely, however, Judge Norbert Nadel of Hamilton County Common Pleas Court will refuse to grant the temporary restraining order Rose seeks to block Monday's hearing or reject Rose's bid for an injunction against the hearing.
Other demonstrators protested around the Central Bank in the business district before being scattered by the police.
If, as would not be unexpected, benefit costs exceed estimates, the cap or the surcharge or both probably would be increased.
Three other players became involved in the scuffle and were penalized along with Burke.
In refusing to hold up payments, the judge, who has overseen Manville's reorganization and was a pivotal figure in setting up the trust, said the lawyers had not filed proper papers and did not provide evidence to warrant a restraining order.
In 1973, Mr. Milliken founded the Association for Neighborhoods and Housing Development, a citywide program that provides technical assistance, information and training for 50 neighborhood housing and social-service groups.
The trek alone costs $125 a day a person for groups of two to three; $95 a day for larger groups up to eight.
I have read that, if left unfilled, there is danger of a cave-in.
''Things look 100 percent better than we saw yesterday,'' said Donald Acciaioli, a Coast Guard machinery technician who was assessing overnight oil shifts at Mackerel Cove.
Banks, already squeezed by Fed pressure on other short-term rates, had already begun raising their prime lending rate half a percentage point, to 11 1/2 percent, its highest since November 1984.
By most measures, the result is a ringing endorsement for giving the public this window on justice.
A fire resulted, taking out all Metro-North service for an hour.
'Pull the Rug Out' ''If we wanted to right now, we could really pull the rug out from under Gorbachev's charm offensive,'' a State Department official said.
He is an honors graduate with B.A.
But then I discovered there was one thing I was dependent on my right thumb for, something I'd never thought about: blowing my nose.
someone says when the show is over.
The alto saxophonist Bobby Watson is among a multitude of young musicians who went through a period of development with Art Blakey's Jazz Messengers.
Somebody is accused of murder and the neighbors throw stones at his windows.
''I had heard of Terry Bozzio five years ago when he was with Missing Persons,'' Mr. Beck said.
Mollica also informed them, and later issued a statement, saying that he had severed his relationship with the jockey.
But for the first nine months, the volume of $20.2 billion in junk underwritings rose 4.5 percent from a year earlier.
He rises at 4:45, takes his walk, eats breakfast, feeds his animals, reads and gets to work at 8 A.M. After work, he goes to night classes at a local community college, where he is working on an associate degree in refrigeration and heating technology.
Could Be Seen as Meddling Mr. Burlatsky said a statement from an official would be interpreted by the Kremlin's Prague allies as meddling in internal Czechsolovak affairs.
The incident brought to 29 the number of civilians killed by the I.R.A.
The Red Head guards put on a marvelous exhibition of tricky dribbling and passing.
Some traffickers seem to be avoiding the I-95 corridor, long a favorite East Coast route, perhaps because of intensified police surveillance.
Simms completed 21 of 39 passes for 241 passing yards and rushed for 29 yards.
Up on a ridge, Scott Browley, a 37-year-old police officer from Middletown, N.Y., was cooking hamburgers for his German-born wife and their three children.
DIGGING into valleys detected by space shuttle radar under the Sahara's sands has shown that during three separate periods up to 212,000 years ago they were vegetated and densely inhabited by makers of stone axes.
Stock prices surged yesterday, bolstered by stronger bond prices, a firmer dollar and some program buying.
''Roberto deserves an opportunity to show what he can do, particularly on offense,'' Green said.
With Ewing on the sidelines and Eddie Lee Wilkins, his replacement as the starting center, in foul trouble from midway through the first period, Pitino used several different combinations and relied heavily on pressure defense, which put the Nets in trouble at times.
From 1956 through last year, Mrs. Rosengarten was on the board of directors of Fountain House, a halfway house that offered therapy and job counseling to patients recently released from mental hospitals.
Asked who would monitor the safe return of the Vietnamese once they landed in Hanoi, the spokesman replied, ''We have no information on that.''
We hit them and hit them and took them out of their game.''
''If the only information we share is the somewhat superficial level we get from national television programming, the system will not work.''
The Continental tie-up is already paying off for S.A.S.
Oil poisons animals in a variety of ways, causing some to die of asphyxiation, some to starve and some to die by poisoning.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Carme Inc (OTC) Qtr to April 30 1989 1988 Sales 2,800,670 2,813,536 Net inc 343,853 294,738 Share earns .12 .11 9mo sales 7,310,123 6,871,138 Net inc 715,880 550,273 Share earns .26 .21 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
She was declared dead at the scene after firefighters responded to the blaze at 9:53 A.M., he said.
''So I can imagine what people in the area went through.''
Mr. Odum said the pipe leak did not directly affect Savannah's tritium-producing reactors.
Rather, a very substantial cut is required, because there is no other way to tackle the national agenda that the neglect of the last nine years has thrust upon us.
She was one of the belles of London's West End when she married O'Casey in 1926.
The meeting was moderated by Mervyn Rothstein, The Times's theater correspondent.
At 6 o'clock last evening, one broker's trading room was as noisy as it had been in the afternoon.
This is chancy, they realize, since when the big day arrives, the Cuban-born stylist may be off in exotic climes arranging models' tresses for high fashion photography.
But mostly there is fear.
Scott Turner is a small-town police investigator and Hooch is a dog even Turner describes as ''massive and ugly,'' a creature with huge floppy jowls, from which run great rivers of foamy white drool.
''We brought an inner-city game,'' said Morton, ''and they gave us a slowdown, more patterned approach.
A Public Retort His value to the City Opera survived a brief squabble that erupted when Mr. Molese did what hundreds of singers must have wanted to do.
b-Included a writeoff of $469,591 related to a fraud discovered by the bank earlier this month for the quarter and 6 months.
managed Governor Kean's campaign in 1981 .
''This game probably bothers me more than any other loss this year,'' Manager Davey Johnson said.
Businesses had generally delivered on the jobs.
He also rushed twice for 23 yards, was sacked three times and was not intercepted.
Today 15 million people live in the region, twice as many as in 1970, and an enormous demand for goods and services of every kind has followed.
Meanwhile, gay Eric next door makes a murderous attack on ''the pretty one.''
Justo is the closest that contemporary fiction gets to an old-fashioned hero.
Sometimes, that is to your advantage.
The plant, designed to burn 240 tons of trash a day, was thought to be the solution to waste-disposal problems in the region, which generates about 90 tons of waste a day.
For the year, net income climbed 14.5 percent, to $5.3 billion, or $10.96 a share, from $4.63 billion, or $9.05 a share, in 1987.
This was a young man who had sat crying in his grandmother's house on the island of Jamaica, ''wishing I had a mother.''
WHEN it comes to handling money overseas, Murphy's Law - if it can go wrong, it will - has wrinkles in its wrinkles.
The hours of work ranged from 10 in regular semesters to 40 in the summer.
''In 1986, after I won the Tour de France for the first time, I was sick of cycling,'' he said.
In autumn the palette has changed to browns and fawns, spiced with gold and ginger.
A senior military officer said that after nearly a full day of fighting in Panama, American forces had almost completed their first goal of dismembering and neutralizing the regular Panamanian Defense Force.
Results for the latest quarter and year included a provision for the expected losses on the sale of real estate of about $36 million.
St. Paul, for its part, insisted that its rate reductions, which broke a decade-long string of increases, were based entirely on economics - the declining trend in payouts in malpractice cases.
Tommy Tune is the director and choreographer, and there is a cast of 32, including Karen Akers and Liliane Montevecchi, both of whom were acclaimed for their performances in Mr.
The only convicted men who benefited from the pardons were three former military commanders, including former President Leopoldo Galtieri, who were serving sentences of 12 years each for mismanagement of the 1982 war with Britain for control of the Falkland Islands.
Westinghouse and Energy Department officials said the F.B.I.
Dizzy from the afternoon heat, forest silences and two hours of trudging up a steep wilderness trail, my wife and I wondered at first whether we were lost or had merely underestimated the time it would take us to get up the mountain.
Tommy Kramer has been the Vikings' quarterback lately because of Wade Wilson's injured status.
Even if the economy continues to slow, the recent rise in energy prices could lead to higher inflation and push up interest rates over the longer term, a number of economists and analysts fear.
''Anyone who calls me a racist should be shot in the street like a horse.''
Ms. Chinh allows that even her recent roles are modest, and she forthrightly expresses the wish that better, bigger roles might still await her.
The report accused the former Attorney General, Rudolf Gerber, of an ''inadmissible'' failure to control the activities of international drug traffickers and money launderers in Switzerland.
Stakes-Rich Weekend The Gold Cup is the last of three stakes races tomorrow amid a particularly stakes-rich weekend of racing at Belmont.
By contrast, credit cards -particularly telephone calling cards - are definite ''can't do withouts'' on campuses this year.
Mingo has been among the best-known black-owned agencies.
High-definition television sets are expected to cost about $3,000 at the outset and HDTV videocassette recorders would cost considerably more.
Her father, U Aung San, is regarded as the father of the country.
a leading Wall Street arbitrager remarked.
Among these early works, which hang in the relatively narrow space that is an echo of the colonnade outside, are portraits of the artist and his wife, Sally, and curios like ''Moth Dance,'' where 10 women in long white dresses seem to be emulating Loie Fuller's butterfly dance, as recorded by Toulouse-Lautrec.
In terms of concrete results, Mr. Helms's record is not particularly impressive.
Although a serious 1973 accident left the Windscale operator, British Nuclear Fuels Ltd., unable to reprocess the ceramic oxide fuels from modern nuclear power plants, the company continued to seek new contracts and store additional spent fuel pending completion of a large new reprocessing facility.
The department said lower domestic spending more than offset gains in trade, causing the modest revision in the second-quarter gross national product figure.
Ms. Oakar said she had not changed her basic antipathy toward abortion.
An unusual fish dish from the Jewish menu is red snapper with raisins and vinegar.
But the elections also said something about the changing nature of the Southern delegations.
''Instead, orders for durable goods are down, consumers aren't spending and one of the most reliable economic indicators, scrap metals prices, has been falling all year.
Hong Kong, known for its practical approach to life, is awash with schemes so wildly imaginative they must be regarded as either absolutely inspired or utterly desperate.
Last month, the King was noncommital on the plan.
But he seemed to acknowledge at one point that he might be playing the role of Jesse Jackson to Ron Brown's Michael Dukakis; that is, a candidate who will not win but has a message to carry.
''Because the city has filled up.''
Admission is free unless otherwise noted.
Plan Backed and Criticized Peter F. Vallone, the Council's majority leader, said recently that he thought the charter commission's plan would ''strengthen representative government.''
Phased Deployment The President said he had ordered a brigade-sized unit to deploy to Panama to reinforce 10,300 American troops already there and to protect American lives.
There is an elegance in the size and shape of the whole book, of the tightly boxed paintings.
The three sailors washed overboard from the aircraft carrier Dwight D. Eisenhower on Tuesday were moving equipment from the flight deck to the hangar deck.
It is as much a part of baseball ritual as Opening Day and the Fall Classic.
In winter the wind-lashed seas around Antarctica freeze, and the shifting ice pack would snap off ordinary drill rigs from their wells.
So the few statewide attempts to make use of the ''Wizard of Oz'' have kicked up as much dust as the movie's cyclone scene.
Eosinophilia is characterized by high counts of eosinophils, a type of white blood cell, and is associated with bronchial asthma, allergies, parasitic infections or reactions to medication.
Three Democrat Senators, Wendell Ford of Kentucky, Bob Graham of Florida and Kent Conrad of North Dakota, today announced their opposition to the nomination.
One of the women's lawyers, Bonita E. Zelman, called the findings ''an outrageous and obvious whitewash'' and said a civil lawsuit would be filed.
Mr. Agh, however, said he was convinced that the majority of Hungary's 725,000 Communists accepted the conversion and that little by little, symbols of Communism like red stars and portraits of Lenin would disappear.
But Americans and Peruvians in charge of security here say the guerrillas have no heavy weapons and are unlikely to attempt a frontal asssault on the base.
The World Bank said it had approved a $130 million loan for Tunisia to help finance a restructuring of public enterprises like the national railway, fertilizer and state-owned mining operations.
Meekins is 20-2-2 with 15 knockouts.
Many of his criticisms can be applied to news coverage in general: its failure to put day-to-day events in a historical context; its willingness to accept official versions of events as the truth; its pandering to the complacent ignorance of the American public; and its tendency to reduce complex relationships into good-guy, bad-guy scenarios.
The play is being performed in rotating repertory with ''The Night of the Iguana'' and ''Alone at the Beach.''
More than 150 town houses have been hoisted into place and 1,000 more will follow.
Charles Powell, director of scheduled services for Air Europe, a British discount airline, is eager for Brussels' proposals to be approved.
At night, a cluster of young men gathers between 229th and 300th Streets, drawing a new fleet of fancy cars with tinted glass and blaring radios.
So how come last year, when the soft drink industry's total sales rose by just 4.5 percent, A&W's sales leaped a full 25 percent?
Whenever I danced ''Herodiade,'' it was always to this animating force that I moved across the stage.
Golden, the dean of student relations, said he does not believe there has been an increase in sexist or racial incidents on campus this year.
Campeau acquired Federated in May 1988.
First, paper currency is flat, a condition that makes its realistic reproduction easier.
''There couldn't be a less religious object - and so the Gothic elements are used decoratively, as pattern,'' Mrs. Hunter-Stiebel said.
At the very least, Michael Dorris's last comment should be prescribed: ''My son will forever travel through a moonless night with only the roar of wind for company.
So it would seem only fair and logical that everyone also have a good-luck something to put on when mood or occasion demands.
''Our last conversation at the series was talking about the loss of Congressman Leland,'' Mr. Montgomery told The Associated Press, ''and I told Larkin that he should be careful in traveling and performing his duties.''
But sometimes one gets a glimpse of the ragged edges of this hectic week-in and week-out series played by musicians who have other jobs as well.
''Midget computers are going to be an awesome force,'' said Michael Weiner, president of Microlytics, a Rochester company that supplies software for such devices.
''To have a mandate that these be placed in a place of business is an infringement on people's constitutional rights,'' said Nicholas A. Hill, a spokesman for the Marriott Corporation, whose local hotel supplies the Book of Mormon in the rooms (and no Playboy magazines in the gift shop).
The Senate majority leader, George J. Mitchell of Maine, took the Senate floor to accuse the White House of twisting facts in its effort to achieve a cut in the capital gains tax.
Thus, the dollar, as in May and June, is above what are thought to be the ceilings set by the United States and its economic allies - 1.90 marks and 140 yen.
Yet her classical training was always on view: her high open ''attitude'' positions, for instance, energize the shape of her dancing with a contemporary, exciting clarity.
When I sold my co-op apartment in the city last year I paid a 1 percent transfer tax.
Markets Forty-six commodities brokers and traders were indicted by a Federal grand jury that accused them of repeatedly defrauding customers by stealing and skimming investors' profits.
''As individuals, we are extremely thrilled by the recent peace initiatives,'' said Stanley C. Pace, chief executive of the company, which makes the Air Force's F-16 ''Fighting Falcon,'' the Navy's nuclear-powered Trident submarine and the Army's M1 Abrams tank.
10 6 BATTLE CRY OF FREEDOM, by James M. McPherson.
Last year, foreign purchases of Treasury securities amounted to a record $61 billion, up more than 70 percent from the $35.9 billion foreigners bought in 1987.
In his first two novels, Mr. Ishiguro evoked a Japan struggling to rebuild and come to terms with a tarnished past.
This is why we traveled to Washington to support Senator Bradley's measure calling for a moratorium on the kind of tax New York is imposing.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended down 18.65, at 2,638.73.
Through State Bonds The homes, estimated to cost $14.5 million each, are to be built and run by the Terence Cardinal Cooke Health Care Center, an affiliate of the archdiocese.
Los Angeles County law-enforcement officials and the California Peace Officers' Association insist that the games are illegal.
It was not clear whose side the sniper was on in the fighting, Mr. Gwertzman said.
I think the way to deal with this is to allow all schools of thought to discuss their ideas.
''We look fine on the outside, but it's pretty turbulent on the inside,'' said Viviana Carballo, a hotel catering manager who lives in San Francisco and works in Oakland.
''Work on it a little bit more, Dick.
Nellie ... Joan Plowright Margo ... Billie Whitelaw Rita ... Jane Horrocks Jack ... Peter Postlethwaite Wesley ... Tim Ransom Mrs. Manders ... Rosemary Martin
''You can sell its smile, its skin, its meat its liver, its fins.
Saatchi began the British advertising invasion seven years ago with friendly acquisitions of well-known agencies like Dancer, Fitzgerald, Sample; Compton Communications, and Ted Bates Worldwide.
''Nobody changes until they have to,'' acknowledged Marshall Davidson, director of financial services at Kidder, Peabody & Company.
Would the commission have stepped in at the last minute to save 114 Hudson until the entire district proposal was ready?
''But now I can plan,'' he said.
Mr. Nissenson's prose ''often serves to heighten the emotional and physical violence it describes,'' Michiko Kakutani said in The Times last year.
But like all portable computers, a significant drawback will be Portfolio's screen.
asks Arkady, pointing to the man's chest.
The audit revealed an increase of 18.5 percent in anti-Jewish vandalism, including arson, bombings and swastika assaults against Jews, Jewish institutions or property, over 1987 figures.
Music From Bulgaria April 23 - Strange as it may sound to some American ears, Bulgarian folk music is filling concert halls these days, and one of its most popular practitioners is the group Balkana.
Raymond and Betty Kaplan of Jerusalem sent $50.
The magazine's new approach was approved by at least one manufacturer.
Some seminal designs already have - for example, Peter Muller-Munk's 30's chrome-plated brass ''Normandie'' pitcher, named for the sleek ocean liner it resembled; Eames's 40's molded plywood chair, dubbed ''the potato chip,'' and Noguchi's 40's amorphous walnut and glass coffee table, now being produced again by Herman Miller.
Mr. Halpin, who might normally coast in the second year of his four-year term, said he had spoken before 60 civic and taxpayer groups in recent months.
Mr. Davies's effort goes not into making the marriage psychologically plausible - the marriage is a given - but into inventing implausible circumstances to affect it.
''My technique was to use 'Extracts From Adam's Diary' as her unwitting and unconscious text,'' he says, ''since to use any other text would have been an imbecility.''
The bullpen could not hold the lead, although the Yankees won the game.
It's still amazing to me that I can go out and throw with no pain.
''This weekend has just pulled it out into the open.''
Under the current law, candidates for governor can raise up to $1.7 million in private funds for the general election, with individual gifts limited to $1,500.
The decor is subdued, woody and elegant, with bucolic tapestries covering a wall.
By late in the day, prices of most high-yield issues were down by about 1/2 point.
The committee is ''besieged'' by applicants seeking a hearing on their projects, Mr. Platt said.
Walter Klien has played in America for 20 years without exactly becoming a central figure in our concert life.
Others were inside working with Mohammed Bay, a double amputee who trains others to take their first steps.
But at the humor house, they are certain that someone somewhere is already at work.
The project is the first part of a $12 million renovation of the park, which separates Columbia from Harlem.
The influx of Wall Street brokerages is expected to make the market only more volatile.
At the conclusion of the National Cable Television Association convention in Dallas last week, John Malone, chairman of Tele-Communications Inc. and the man widely considered the most powerful figure in the cable television industry, made a startling statement.
Mr. Stein, a graduate of the City College of New York, retired as the editor in chief of McCall's magazine and the executive vice president of the McCall Publishing Company in New York.
Mr. Gaja attributes the quality of his wine to attention to detail: in the cellar, where he was one of the first to introduce aging in small oak barrels, and in the bottling room, where he uses specially designed bottles and what must be the longest corks ever squeezed into glass.
Furthermore, Li has traveled abroad - to Japan, France, the United States - in order to visit museums and attend exhibitions of his work.
''At first I didn't feel it,'' Mrs. Sabatin recalled.
The latest 9-month period included a deferred tax benefit of $91,000, or 4 cents a share, from the adoption of FASB 96.
''Having a united front makes it easier for parents to be more consistent and to catch and reward the child who is doing something right,'' Dr.
Mr. Brower testified for the government as part of a plea agreement.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Greenman Bros. Inc. (AMEX) Qtr to Oct 28 1989 1988 Sales 67,231,000 61,543,000 Net loss 2,360,000 2,478,000 9mo sales 170,125,000 153,191,000 Net loss 8,918,000 9,231,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
But many of the same street corners still have the groups of jittery young men that indicate the presence of a crack house.
These issues are being addressed by the State Planning Commission as it draws up New Jersey's first development master plan.
The parents of a 36-year-old crewman who died when he was washed overboard in the Whitbread yacht race from Punta del Este, Uruguay, to Fremantle, Australia, have requested that he be buried at sea.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Computer Factory Inc (NYSE) Qtr to March 31 1989 1988 Sales 94,322,000 62,450,000 Net inc 2,436,000 2,095,000 Share earns .27 .24 6mo sales 197,105,000 138,951,000 Net inc 6,414,000 6,772,000 Share earns .72 .76 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The Patriotic Union has refused to back a drug traffickers' proposal to negotiate an end to the violence that has plagued Colombia since mid-August.
For general work, the distance should be one-sixteenth inch.
For now, Mr. Gorbachev appears to be working to avoid a sense of confrontation.
Democrats Voice Criticism Democrats in Congress, who would face the question of approving increased spending for space exploration at a time when they are struggling with budget deficits, were skeptical about the proposal and in some cases hostile.
chairman is Richard C. Breeden, who has been serving as the White House troubleshooter on the savings and loan crisis.
Shipments of durable goods were unchanged in January at $124.18 billion, after a 3.5 percent increase in December.
The Crimson caught Penn near the end of the Adams Cup at Boston, winning by two-tenths of a second.
The Administration also says that Hanoi must help the United States determine what happened to the American military men unaccounted for in Vietnam.
A striking one is in the Department of Agriculture, which the President has wanted to shrink for years but has treated gingerly because of the political clout of farmers.
Under the drug agreement, a first-time offender is paid and treated.
WTSP dismissed Mr. Shapiro in February and Mr. Cole in April after their arrests.
Representative Robert H. Michel of Illinois, the House Republican leader, said he had had no indication what the President intended to do about a minimum-wage increase once the legislation approved today was vetoed.
Herman's nine-piece group manages to find interesting mixtures, if not ''new directions'' derived from his contemporary big band (the first and most exuberantly driving of his Herds), from his brief association with Igor Stravinsky and from the personal styles of his Woodchoppers, particularly Bill Harris, Red Norvo, Jimmy Rowles and Chubby Jackson.
Conservative Disillusionment He said he had already spoken by telephone, with mayors of a number of major cities, including Edward I. Koch of New York, W. Wilson Goode of Philadelphia, Tom Bradley of Los Angeles and Marion S. Barry Jr. of Washington.
And, as others indicate, even if you get a bad review, you can extract a favorable adjective from it and turn it into a blurb.
Timing Crucial He added that this year had ''more schedule pressure'' than was suggested by the number of flights because of some unusual time constraints.
Nights, he sweated profusely, suffered from diarrhea, low-grade fever, poor appetite.
''I didn't feel myself gaining any weight,'' he said.
Will Continue Conducting Mr. Foss is a noted composer, and the orchestra said he planned to devote more time to composing.
On Wednesday, raid teams found 2,255 pounds of cocaine in a house in Williston Park, L.I., and hundreds of pounds more in a car in Yonkers and a house on Sheridan Road in Greenburgh in Westchester County.
Blair, who won a gold and bronze medal in speed skating at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary, Alberta, made her debut as a competitive cyclist in the Sundance Juice Sparkler Grand Prix in Northbrook, Ill., this weekend.
The 1986 bond act provided $1.2 billion for the cleanup of hazardous waste sites and $250 million for land acquisition, historic preservation and parks.
Mr. Brooks made especially fast progress with his new teacher, who opened his eyes to the world of piano literature.
Officials of the Town of Babylon decided to have a prom for those seniors who had loved their own prom so much, or missed their prom, or like Mrs. Beatrice, could not remember if they had a prom.
Technical expertise, and even bravura dancing, have become relatively familiar ingredients and may be enjoyed in diverse programs throughout New York City.
He entered the army as a first lieutenant and rose in the ranks, apparently on his own merit, to full general, the rank at which he assumed command of the army five years ago.
A 1988 survey by the United Seniors Health Cooperative in Washington found that beneficiaries of many leading long-term care policies had little chance of receiving money back from a claim despite premiums ranging from $2,000 to $8,000 a year.
doubles in a four-run fifth inning to propel California to its sixth consecutive victory.
The influence of African art is never direct.
January was a month of 13 murders in San Jose, with a population of 740,000 the nation's 13th-largest city.
Heavyweight (200 lbs) - Javier Alvarez, San Antonio.
For India and Nigeria, bank officials said, payments on their debt turned out to be higher than data had suggested.
''Industry profitability pressures are as severe as I've seen,'' said a senior executive of a major investment firm.
Heavy Stock Trading Ogilvy's release of the letter, which Mr. Sorrell had insisted was private, led to heavy trading in Ogilvy's stock.
Nuclear explosions create vast amounts of radiation, some of it emitted by tiny particles that can be absorbed into the body by swallowing or inhaling.
It is possible that the fungus disease botrytis is the cause.
Other Warhol pieces in the collection are two polymer works silk-screened on canvas: a portrait of Mr. Mapplethorpe from 1971, which is expected to bring $80,000 to $120,000, and ''Mona Lisa,'' showing the famous image from the late 1970's drained of color ($30,000 to $40,000).
A generation of seven younger Tisch family members is following the parents' lead.
''The Return of Swamp Thing,'' opening today at the Warner and other theaters, is intended for people who missed the 1982 ''Swamp Thing'' and don't want the bother of renting the videocassette.
Story of 'Generosity' The report devoted many pages to detailing the accomplishments of existing programs for the homeless.
Broccoli With Bean Curd and Pork 8 ounces bean curd 2 pounds whole broccoli or 1 pound broccoli florets 2 large cloves garlic or 1 teaspoon minced garlic in oil 2 teaspoons shredded fresh ginger 1 tablespoon corn, safflower or canola oil 1 to 2 teaspoons hot chili-garlic paste 4 ounces lean ground pork 2 teaspoons cornstarch 2/3 cup chicken stock or broth 2 to 3 tablespoons hoisin sauce.
But with the issue of garbage disposal taking on far more importance, the squeezable ketchup bottle and many products like it are rapidly joining the plastic-foam hamburger box as a symbol of wasteful packaging, many environmental groups say.
Jan Hird Pokorny Architects and Planners of Manhattan sent $315.
She fixed her eyes on the needles, while keeping up an on-and-off conversation with me.
The cells, called tumor infiltrating lymphocytes, had been taken from the patient's cancerous tissue and treated in the laboratory to increase their numbers and therefore their ability to attack the cancer tissue.
There are, some experts say, between 2,000 and 4,000 humpbacks in the western North Atlantic.
Mr. Picard was also president of the French Chamber of Commerce in the United States and a director of the New York Board of Trade.
Martin Zeiger, executive vice president of Rugby-Darby Group Companies, a privately held company believed to be the largest producer of generic drugs, said, ''They are always free to make inspections, and they're welcome any time.''
Why not one more time?'
Saw Mill River Parkway .
In the world of ''The Student Prince,'' dancing freely and openly translates into an important qualification for wise and humane leaders.
He said he would like the commission to vote formally Tuesday to reject a weighted voting system.
''Maybe they should put a limit on how many abortions one person can have,'' she said, ducking her head in shame.
Scrape away the excess filler while holding the screw, and avoid wiggling the patch.
That amount is matched by another $100 million from American companies.
Joseph S. Murphy has headed the nation's third-largest university system for seven years.
''He told me I'm streaky.
They kept handing a fat book of poetry back and forth until one put it back on the shelf with a look of genuine pain.
Nearly 90 buses have been used for the last week to shelter demonstrating students in central Tiananmen Square, and since martial law was declared on Saturday, citizens have commandeered 200 buses and trolleys to use as roadblocks on streets they expect army troops to take into the city.
But some of the mystery, the rough and exciting edges are gone.
Economic crisis will be transferred to Turkey as West Germany absorbs its eastern German unskilled workers and sends back the legions of Turkish workers.
''Every time there is a round of sharp price increases, we get a wave of new visa requests,'' a Latin American diplomat said.
And, still others say, it may have been Israel, which has an interest in keeping attention away from the issue of talks with the Palestinians and the rising pressure on its Government to engage in those talks.
But we're going to go 11-0 this year and say we should be in the Cotton Bowl.
He was a civilized human being.
Last year's winner, Pedro Delgado of Spain, finished third in today's 91-mile course, but picked up only 29 seconds on LeMond, not nearly enough to catch him.
Tennessee 52, Akron 9 KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) - Three Tennessee players threw touchdown passes, and Chuck Webb ran for 162 yards and two touchdowns.
His writing doesn't plant itself in either avant-garde or traditionalist camps, and seems unacquainted with big-band cliches.
The police could not stop that.''
As long as interest rates remained relatively stable, this was a profitable activity.
He's probably so worried about something like whether his body fluids are turning into STP that he doesn't care who's running him.
Wife's $18,000 Salary Mrs. Wright worked for two years for Mr. Mallick and then for an investment company that the Mallicks and Wrights formed jointly.
In a series of decisions it reinterpreted old statutes to make them weak or useless on behalf of equal rights.
New Lotus Products Indeed, Release 3 is but one of at least nine new products, including a flashy new information-retrieval and file-management program code-named Magellan, that Lotus plans to release this year.
Instead of angst, these men convey a boyish exuberance at the toy store they have wandered into.
The Fed is expected to take a soft tone in a report, to be released this morning, on American access to Japanese markets.
Together he and I produced John Guare's ''Bosoms and Neglect'' on Broadway.
If convicted on all counts, Mr. King would face up to 65 years in prison and a fine of $500,000.
Regular activity will resume today, and will include the Treasury's regular auction of three-month and six-month bills.
A memorial service is to be held at 11 A.M. on Friday at the First Unitarian Church of Brooklyn, at Pierrepont Street and Monroe Place.
Many members complain that on the important matter of the budget as well as on the Tower case, the President has been playing more to the crowds than to the Congress.
I liked that independence even though eventually it led to his destruction.
The chamber music world had its version of a baby boom in the late 1960's, when forming an ensemble seemed almost as glamorous an endeavor as pursuing a solo career.
Two of the professors are appealing the punishment proposed by the dean of the Institute of Technology.
After a year of anti-smoking regulations in New York City, non-smokers have gained tremendous ground, but tougher measures are needed, the city's Health Commissioner said yesterday.
For now, then, Dickerson is the top priority.
Peter Price, publisher of The Post, said the newspaper hopes to attract on Sundays the same 500,000 customers it reaches the rest of the week.
This, federation leaders say, smacks of elitism.
Enormous cuts must be made in Pentagon expenditures; the timid nicks Mr. Cheney has taken only briefly postpone the ax.
''In the mornings,'' he said.
Its implications go far beyond a child's mastery of the hit-and-run, said Mr. Kokoska, an education consultant for Connecticut's vocational school system and a former president of the Polish-American Congress.
Hess, who seldom speaks with the news media about the club's fortunes, did not return a phone call seeking comment.
Stoked by a trend-starved press, the Cajun fires were rekindled - for a while at least.
Aside from those in the Islamic holy cities of Mecca and Medina in Saudi Arabia, the mosque under construction by order of the Moroccan king, Hassan II, will be among the world's most capacious -and its tallest.
The wake-up call from mission control in Houston this morning was a brass band rendition of the Marine Corps Hymn.
When the filming was finished, the movie company ''wanted to give all these materials to the people here,'' Ericila Tafoya remembers.
Oregon, a Pacific-10 Conference team, improved to 2-0, putting the game away in the third quarter as Musgrave directed long touchdown drives on the first two possessions to make the score 38-0.
would have to renounce its death-to-Israel covenant before he would agree that the United States could recognize it.
Ms. Pettway said she threw this material into a canal in Berlin.
Better yet, try to put that youngster into a dance studio.
Many are taking back to their hometowns not only a new enthusiasm for democracy but a sense of how to organize a local movement and how to keep in touch with organizers in Beijing.
Mr. Tanenbaum said Judge Burton Lifland signed an order yesterday in Federal Bankruptcy Court in New York after receiving a stipulation summarizing a plan for paying creditors.
With newer cameras, he had chronicled the growth of 50 years of children in our town by the time he died.
Rally in Economic Showplace Reuters reported that more than 100,000 protesters marched today through the thriving new city of Shenzhen, on the Hong Kong border, chanting for democracy and demanding the resignation of Prime Minister Li Peng.
''It was exciting to think you could improve your chances by enfranchising a great chunk of people,'' said Matt Reese, a political consultant who has served in hundreds of campaigns since he advised John F. Kennedy and Mr. Johnson.
''I was faster and covered more ground than DiMaggio, so I know I could have played in the major leagues,'' said the 75-year-old Wright, who still lives in Mexico and runs a restaurant called El Dugout in the city of Aguascalientes.
In the past, top Wall Street executives have been cited by the exchange for their failure to provide adequate supervision when legal infractions were discovered.
At the bare minimum, dramatic works about the Holocaust have an obligation to restore vivid immediacy to horrors that scoundrels and the passing of time would have the world forget.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Neoterik Health Technologies Inc (OTC) Qtr to Aug 31 1989 1988 Sales 1,474,000 2,011,000 Net inc 32,000 74,000 Share earns .02 .08 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The gap is greatest at the beginning of the day when traders have the least information and at the end of the day when they are trying to guard their overnight positions.
's Oyster Bay branch that skirts my apartment building.
In the final moment of the tribute, Miss Davis peered out into the vast Avery Fisher Hall audience and smiled.
A mother and her two sons were found slain last night in their home in Central Islip, L.I., the Suffolk County Police said.
When the Israeli vote was taken at noon Friday, Labor's proposal to accept the Egyptian invitation was rejected.
b-Included extraordinary credits for net operating loss carryforwards of $107,911 for the quarter and $359,112 for the 9 months.
They urged ''all Lebanese people to exercise restraint, to rededicate themsleves to the urgent task of national reconciliation and to demonstrate their commitment to democratic processes.''
''Hobart drops us after this season,'' said Bob Deming, the Ithaca athletic director.
''Tony said he would play for less than originally asked.
''I was dreaming and had a nightmare.''
(AP) Graf Advances in Hamburg: Top-seeded Steffi Graf of West Germany and Jana Novotna of Czechoslovakia won their semifinal matches in the $200,000 Hamburg Virginia Slims tournament yesterday in West Germany.
In comparison, sales grew by 51 percent in the 1988 period.
Dante Caputo, the Foreign Minister of Argentina, has called his Government's response to a raid by an armed band on a military outpost last month a victory for democracy in Latin America.
A bride of three months, Ms. Lowry, the director of business development at American Express, said she'd have a Monet and something from the Hudson River School because ''one of my first dates with my husband was going to the Hudson River exhibit at the Metropolitan Museum, and when we were on our honeymoon in France, we went to Monet's home.''
When the contraction becomes severe enough, doctors operate to remove tissue from the affected joints.
Versions of DECwindows are also being released for Digital's other computers that run Unix and VMS.
That is advertising jargon to mean that the quality of junk mail must improve.
The idea dies hard that what's good for General Motors - or Toyota or Unilever - is good for America.
The entire record was recorded the old-fashioned way: live with everybody performing together in the studio.
The same is true of the Department's efforts to address the problems, the inspector general said.
This summer the board of trustees of the college voted to rename what had been the Ithaca College School of Communications to honor Mr. Park, the 79-year-old founder and chairman of Park Communications and chairman of the college's board of trustees.
His art is created as we watch it.
This week, The Voice reported that Jonathan Alter, who was one of the Newsweek staff members present at the interview and is the magazine's press critic, had violated Newsweek's policy by proposing an article based on the Mason-Giuliani interview to 7 Days magazine without obtaining permission from Newsweek editors.
A lot of people just refuse to understand how important that is, how healthy even.
The Unisys Corporation, the nation's third-largest computer maker, said yesterday that its earnings for the fourth quarter were essentially flat in the face of a year the company called unexpectedly difficult.
No way, I told my daughter, who should have known better, would they let me into the joint to meet her.
Woods did one reading and got the part.
Virginia Beach and Los Angeles have passed similar ordinances and Hawaii and California are considering state laws.
There were many narrow escapes, but few as close as Frank Cannatelli of Hamden experienced.
Dr. Galvin is survived by a daughter, Jane Lewis of Brooklyn, and two sisters, Susie Mansfield of Franklin, Va., and Elizabeth Patterson of Baltimore.
He's a suave entertainer who borrows from jazz and Western pop as well as Western show business; the liner notes for ''Babeti Soukous,'' recently released on Peter Gabriel's Real World label (through Virgin Records), say he polished his stage show before many other African bands had thought about their presentation.
He struggles to make sense of contradictions.
So far just one suspect has been extradited, but proceedings are under way against another.
The Rieders have surprised some skeptics who wondered if a company whose previous experience was limited to residential development - it has built 3,000 units in South Brunswick township alone, including single-family homes and apartments -- could turn around a project in Mercer County, which had a 26 percent vacancy rate.
''I won't be here - I shall be in Europe,'' said a woman who, like many others, did not feel that she was already there.
Parents want to view it as such.
One of the victims, who remained unidentified early this morning, was shot in the head and was declared dead on arrival at Kings County Hospital.
It will depend, too, on the work of the proposed new districting commission, whose most critical role would come in the spring of 1991, when it would draw district lines for the new 51-member Council.
Dallas Green is out as manager, replaced by none other than Billy Martin.
Already, Republicans are blaming the Democrats, who have controlled the legislature the last two years, for creating double-digit spending increases.
Joseph and Claire Flom, lawyer, $17,000.
Mr. Stevens, 40 years old, describes himself as an artist who supplements his income by painting signs.
When the founder of the Communist New People's Army, Bernabe Buscayno, began talking about shifting to a peaceful political struggle a couple of years ago, he set off a furious debate within the top echelons of the party that still has not been resolved.
The township has decided, in the words of Mayor Richard Pucci, 42 years old, that it does not want to be ''the Florida of the North.''
The group threatened a bloc vote against management if the company didn't quickly show more concern for the environment - beyond just cleaning up the spill.
Fee: $165 plus a $20 registration fee.
''We're elated,'' said Harold M. Lehrman, an assistant principal, who after a sleepless night had spent all day on the phone pleading, badgering and fighting for his students.
Steve Rosner, Taylor's business manager, said Taylor would probably be in camp within 24 hours.
Could be, says the Shopper Report, a marketing newsletter published monthly by the Consumer Network in Philadelphia.
Bjorn Nittmo, the Giants' left-footed kicker playing in his first professional game, missed a short-range field goal.
It said this compared with net earnings of $3.7 million, or 21 cents a share, for the 1988 first quarter.
''We just came to look,'' said Ms. Vinkman's friend, who asked not to be identified.
Pravda reported that in the settlement of Yeraliev, 140 people from Transcaucasia, who often come to work in the oil and gas fields of Kazakhstan, were evacuated from the area last night at their request.
Prince Francis Josef II, the longest-reigning monarch in Europe and the only German-speaking one, started pressing in the 1950's for female suffrage; it was grudgingly accepted by Liechstenstein's men in a 1984 referendum.
While waiting for the house lights to dim, we poured over the program, overcome even before the production began as we drank in highly romanticized oil paintings of the main players reproduced in the souvenir book.
''I have my views, I have my positions.
Fetus Called Endangered ''The fetuses should be treated as persons and should not be put in prison without a trial,'' Mr.
She said she eats pumpkin only this one time.
''Berkeley is a very competitive campus,'' he said, ''and a lot of people are used to being at the top of their class.
While Miss McFadden has a few images inspired by Salvador Dali's melting watches, her collection is more notable for the way she has softened her trademark pleats and acquired a lively young air.
Co-op Marketing James C. McCarty, senior manager of advertising and sales promotion at Levi Strauss & Company, San Francisco, took an unusual approach in the field of cooperative advertising allowances that producers give retailers.
Mr. Yeutter, who spoke through an aide, has said he is acting as a private citizen, testifying only to Mr. Monieson's good character.
Itami also knows how the moans should sound in a love scene and how to get a baby to smile on cue on-camera.
Even in areas where trails are well-marked, snow can make signs difficult to follow.
Dollar signs dance before them as they probe open wounds before the eyes of the morbidly curious.
Several officials suggested that Teheran engineered its announcement that large numbers of people were arrested because most of those identified were double agents controlled by Iran.
In other developments, rates on the new three-month and six-month Treasury bills auctioned yesterday rose slightly from the levels reached at last week's sale.
But within seconds, a K.G.B.
While frequent-guest programs are not all that new, hotel operators have become more aggressive in marketing them in recent years.
Margaret Walter Brown, an active community volunteer in Greenwich, Conn., where she lived, died of a heart attack June 22 at Greenwich Hospital.
Mr. Botha reportedly took umbrage but finally said he would think about it.
By early 1980's, included more than a dozen facultades (academic departments), five schools of professional studies, several dozen research institutes and a network of secondary-level preparatory schools from which admission to Unam was guaranteed.
They have their say at 8 P.M. Tickets: 334-0800.
As the New York Stock Exchange prepared to begin trading yesterday, John J. Phelan Jr., its chairman, said in an interview that the expectation from reports on orders coming into the system was that the opening would be ''basically flat.''
''Poor women worry about getting money to feed their children and pay rent,'' Mx.
Well, maybe it will send a few of the kids who watch to the book.
''You cannot replace fertile land with a telecommunications screen or direct contact in certain financial services with a computer message.''
Don't wait until the week before you leave.
Forty-nine percent of Bostonians are Catholic; there are 1,807,312 Catholics in the local archdiocese, the third largest diocese in the country.
Cat food was acceptable, at least for now.
''If you're going to limit the amount the landlord can charge, then on the benefit side you ought to limit those benefits to the class of people who needs them,'' he said.
He proposes separating the state's solid wastes into materials that can be recycled, materials that can be turned into compost, and materials that require special treatment as toxic waste.
Insects invade neat kitchens as well as sloppy ones as long as they can find an entry and food to feed upon.
In fact, some black priests have spoken out against it, saying Father Stallings should work for his goals within the church's established framework.
''I do that many times.
On Friday, 20,000 anti-apartheid demonstrators marched in King William's Town, in the southeast, to protest apartheid and police tactics.
Accordingly, Ms. Rosen predicted that price declines for 1989 ''could easily be in the 5 to 10 percent range again.''
Dispute on Plane and Troop Cuts The issue of regional ceilings is a remaining obstacle to an agreement.
Mr. Susman: If I may.
Four firms expressed interest in a possible acquisition and reviewed financial records for the division.
In addition, suburban homeowners have grown furious in the last year, as their property taxes have jumped.
The two-year notes were offered on a when-issued basis at a price to yield 7.71 percent following the announcement.
Now, according to our parish priest, rather than concentrating on ''giving up,'' we should make an attempt to do something extra special, like attending daily mass, or spending an hour or two every day praying for world peace, or volunteering for a worthy cause.
Science Ignores Borders The companies have also seen international barriers lowered among scientists.
The relatively sharp drop in the funds rate occurred despite a move by the Federal Reserve to drain reserves from the banking system by effecting six-day matched sales.
St. Louis Cardinals (10*) 561,856 522,296 7.8 12.
The foundation of his house already has two cracks, he said, and he continually reassures himself that the landslide has not grown any bigger.
Local law-enforcement agents stopped us on the highways, especially at night, and arrested us on false charges.
Judging from the lack of care with which Mr. Botstein treats curricular problems here, this is hardly an enticing prospect.
But clearly, the Manhattan office market has weakened since the spring of 1987, when the United States Postal Service selected a bid from the Hines team to build a tower atop the seven-story post office, at Lexington Avenue and 45th Street.
The plan's architect was Secretary of State James A. Baker 3d, for whom the goal of cooperating with Congress was at least as important as the substance of any policy that might emerge.
Mr. James said the man who would replace him as chairman, president and chief executive on Sept. 22 would come from outside the company.
H. ROBERT HELLER, 49, joined in 1986 .
Yes, black was the beginning of yet another legendary romance.
And Sax drove an 0-and-1 pitch past a diving Jody Reed at short to end it.
''The reinstatement of the curfew enables us to enforce it whenever it is appropriate and whenever we have the resources to do so,'' Mr. Stern said.
And then, fueling the chaos around them, the troops simultaneously began firing their submachine guns into the air, creating a deafening thunder that lasted several minutes and sent people diving to the ground.
Few in these camps, according to those who have escaped, have any idea that anyone other than the Khmer Rouge feeds them.
Most recently, researchers have found that the protein closely resembles a protein of the immune system.
''It tells children that adults feel ambivalent about what they're going through.''
When the program, called ''Inside Edition,'' had its debut on Jan. 9, it could be seen virtually everywhere in the country, including New York.
There's a certain spirit that you don't find here when you talk to people about bread.''
Jimmy Ballard Golf Workshop, 4400 N.W.
Instead, the skier operates the boat with remote controls.
True, many Catholic Poles including priests and nuns died at Auschwitz, along with 2.5 million Jews.
But the Japanese and the foreign transplants are either staying where they were or increasing their output, some by as much as 50 percent.
The use of police spies offends the fundamental notion that citizens have the right to associate among themselves to achieve social or political objectives in which they believe without interference by the government.
That nickname marked an affinity dating to his origins in the Bronx, where his father, John, spent long hours for little money digging subway tunnels and driving a trolley.
Show times for his appearances are 9 and 11 P.M. Tuesday through Saturday.
Sun Microsystems has signed up Toshiba, one of Japan's leading computer companies, to develop low-cost personal computers based on Sun's microprocessor and software.
It is sold and smoked openly outside schools and on thoroughfares, day and night.
The White House announced today that it was suspending high-level meetings between United States officials and the Chinese Government.
In 1986 only 40 percent of black college students were male, reflecting a decade of decline in the number of black men pursuing higher education.
The committee is expected to unanimously endorse one candidate but give the owners at least one other recommendation.
The portraits were removed from the Great Hall when the chamber left in 1980.
''I know parents who actually go out and buy a keg or beer-ball for their kids, set it up and just leave,'' said Mr. Lombardi, the high school senior.
''It will be tremendously successful,'' predicted Joseph Maimone, a vice president in foreign exchange trading at the Bankers Trust Company, which is expected to be one of the heavier users of the new contract.
The young woman who leveled the charges, Sunita Haldankar, has left her job and gone into seclusion in the home of another politician, her friends say, raising questions about a political motive in her case.
From Isa Thomas's entrance as Kate Keller, Joe's wife, a domestic story takes on a portentous tone.
But most of these works don't pretend to be great art in the way traditional art historians use that phrase.
The telephones at the Pittsburgh headquarters of the United Steelworkers of America, which brought the complaint to the safety agency, went unanswered this evening.
When the faculty voted ''overwhelmingly'' for John Silber's dismissal but the board of trustees supported him, it was clear that financial considerations rather than educational excellence had become the guiding force behind the new Boston University.
''And there is nothing in these decisions which says that he must now step down,'' Mr. de Klerk added.
Fittipaldi darted around the slowing Unser and the two drivers drove into Turn 3 side by side.
Mr. Fuller expertly illuminates the ways in which we deceive not only others but ourselves.
There is a lot of Brancusi in Christian's smooth, but never entirely organic, shapes, and a lot of Giacometti in his insistence on distance.
There's a new level of heightened competition among East End restaurants this year.
Produced by Frank Beacham and Richard Wilson, the latter a Welles associate since the 1930's, this generous package draws from more than 100 hours of Welles's own acetate airchecks that were long stored in Mr. Wilson's California garage.
''The declaration of the People's Assembly of 21 July 1940 on the entry of Lithuania into the U.S.S.R., and the law of the Supreme Soviet of the U.S.S.R. of 3 August 1940 on the incorporation of the Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic into the U.S.S.R. are illegal.''
He was made a partner in 1948 and was a senior partner when he retired in 1977.
He planned to walk to the airport and plead with the airline.
Credit cards: American Express, Mastercard, Visa.
Beginning with several Hudson River School paintings from the 1830's and ending with ''Winter Solstice,'' an energetic landscape abstraction from the early 1980's by Katherine Porter, the exhibition attests to the mesmerizing power that nature has exerted on two centuries of American artists and also to the landscape's gradual encroachment by human forces.
''The contra war in Nicaragua is now over.
The convention's opening day had been marked by a thunderous demonstration in support of striking unionists at Eastern Air Lines, Nynex and Pittston Coal.
That creates direct conflict in choosing between preservation of mining jobs and higher electric bills for consumers.
Dr. Pantoja, a retired professor from the University of California who has been a founder of several Puerto Rican civic organizations in New York City, preaches a sermon of self-help.
Aileen Pringle, a leading woman in more than 60 movies, most of them silent, and a personification of the exotic siren of the 1920's, died on Saturday at her home in Manhattan.
$ Three months ended Dec. 31 1988 1987 Revenues $3,174,000 $3,224,000 Net Income 131,000 54,000 Earnings per share $0.96 $0.36 Year ended Dec. 31 1988 1987 Revenues $15,296,000 $15,747,000 Net Income 807,000 608,000 Earnings per share $6.02 $4.11 $ Total assets, Dec. 31, 1988 $12,254,000 Current assets 7,246,000 Current liabilities 2,785,000 Long-term debt 3,064,000 Book value per share, Dec. 31, 1988 $30.15 Stock price, April 20, 1989 N.Y.S.E.
New Recommendations New recommendations, issued by the Public Health Service's Immunization Practices Advisory Committee, call for children living in areas of continuing outbreaks among preschoolers to be vaccinated at the age of nine months as a precaution, and again at 15 months for lasting immunity.
She was wrapped in a blanket and stuffed in a blue travel bag.
Afterward, she sued Shearman & Sterling, the Wall Street firm that did Mr. Johnson's estate work, for malpractice - the first such suit in Shearman's more than 100-year history.
One left the National Gallery wondering if photography had become less wonderful once it became popular.
The top-ranked squads all advanced safely in the Spingold Knockout Team Championship here Monday at the American Contract Bridge League's Summer Nationals, but there was a major upset in the Women's Knockout Teams.
Paul C. Empie, who was the executive director of the National Lutheran Council in New York.
The sale is subject to approval from 21 of the 28 owners.
would have allowed 27 ... Rf3!
In overturning that practice and ordering the mentally ill and the retarded out of the nursing homes, which do not provide intensive psychiatric care, Congress sought to force the states to open provide sufficient numbers of community-based centers like halfway houses and group homes.
'Karate Kid III' Begins New Era ''Foreign revenues are tremendously important,'' said Ms. Steel, the former president of production at Paramount, ''but foreign audiences are dying for American movies, not for films they could make themselves.''
She worked as a draftsman in the Hollywood office of R. M. Schindler from 1944 to 1947 and began writing about the architects she had come to know.
Excluding this sector, all other orders were down four-tenths of 1 percent last month.
KNICKS (NBA) - Waived Ken Scott, forward, and Duane Martin, guard.
Last year, in his first full season, the Indians went 78-84, an improvement of 17 victories.
Rich Karlis, the Denver Bronco kicker, booted a record-tying seven field goals in the Minnesota Vikings' 23-21 overtime victory over the Los Angeles Rams.
But the reasons it has been so talked about are not mysterious: the combination of Mr. Pei as architect and Michael Ovitz, the chairman of the vastly successful talent agency C.A.A., as client represents at least as notable an intersection of architectural and entertainment-industry power as when Michael Eisner, chairman of Walt Disney Company, hired Michael Graves to design his new headquarters in Burbank.
But even the college's official version is disputed by one of the Middlebury students, who said he had participated in the fateful event.
You need to be among your own people, immersed in your own language.
Nonetheless, it appeared unlikely that the Government would release Mr. Mandela before the Sept. 6 elections for fear of offending white voters.
The security guard was identified as Thadeus Hill, 28, of St. Albans, Queens.
Reserve Doubleday Field for the night of the Baseball Hall of Fame induction next summer.
Goods were displayed vertically, as high as 10 feet from the floor, and with white walls the clothes provided the color.
In the brisk outer movements, her approach was more extroverted, and there were occasional moments of recklessness.
But Jerry Jasinowski, chief economist for the National Association of Manufacturers, said it was too early for signs of significant slowing.
In either case, the railroads only commit to furnish the car within ''a reasonable period,'' said Roger Sperry, a grain specialist at Burlington Northern.
Richard Emery, a civil liberties lawyer, said that Mr. Maloney would be ''remiss'' if he did not look into the stock deal, but said that the disclosure of the investigation was ''fostering a sense of criminality.''
The first of three cycles, already underway, is actually a sequence of four Saturday matinees that might be regarded by the Perfect Wagnerite as a monthlong dress rehearsal.
This supercalendered paper allows a better print quality.
13 * 9 13 THE PILLARS OF THE EARTH, by Ken Follett.
But what about playwrights like Peter Handke, Franz Xaver Kroetz, David Mamet, Sam Shepard.
You'll be changing your whole life.
Sanchez, who is the first Spanish finalist in the history of the French Open, beat Mary Joe Fernandez of Miami, 6-2, 6-2.
He tracked his father's footsteps into the counterrevolutionaries' camp, serving for a time as his chief aide.
Today the state insurance commissioner, a member of a Republican administration, called Mr. Courter's insurance proposals unworkable.
But if they do not want to join, that is no problem, too.''
Mario Cuomo's budget without irritating him.
He added that ''the dicussions did not result in an agreement and have been terminated.''
Even the appearance of gambling ties has prompted action.
There are many types: Sensors, ground (or floor) vibration detectors, laser or infrared beams that, when broken, set off the alarm at the house and at the police station.
Dr. Gipp was reported by bureau aides to be traveling, and did not return messages left at his home seeking comment.
The Library Lounge, Rubens Hotel, 39-41 Buckingham Palace Road, London S.W.1; 834 6600.
The agency is also proposing that it be allowed to pull a chemical from the market while it is still investigating its potential risks; the current provision for an emergency suspension requires that there be relatively conclusive evidence of a serious threat to public health.
He saved 150 games for New York as his blazing fastball made him baseball's dominant reliever.
He grew up in the Los Angeles suburb of Van Nuys, where at one time he associated with ''a bad element,'' he said, who were involved in gang violence, drugs, ''you name it.''
Mr. Coelho said the Republican was trying to tear down the House of Representatives.
''You have to look at the whole package of data about a physician before you make a judgment.''
Such tightening would raise short-term interest rates by yet another notch.
As the agency responded over the years, it kept developing additional programs.
''Everyone will have to swallow hard.''
Lincoln's financial condition is also likely to limit buyer interest.
My job in the Nixon Administration was to turn off the lights after a meeting was over and call back into the darkened room, while unknown recorders still whirred, ''But it would be wrong!''
There is virtually no flickering of the kind that mars other vintage films, and the black-and-white tones remain surprisingly vivid.
I follow this with 500 fast rowing motions while setting on a stool and pulling on the same springs.
b-Included losses from discontinued operations of $18,193,000 and $15,229,000 for the quarter and year, respectively.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Marshall Industries (NYSE) Qtr to Nov 30 1989 1988 Sales 130,684,000 133,241,000 Net inc 4,667,000 5,396,000 Share earns .50 .58 Shares outst 9,359,000 9,276,000 6mo sales 258,151,000 264,998,000 Net inc 6,171,000 7,826,000 Share earns 1.00 1.23 Shares outst 9,348,000 9,267,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Boyd L. Jefferies may have violated Federal election laws by concealing contributions made to members of Congress, lawyers in the GAF stock manipulation case said.
''President Cristiani told me last week that he had been going back and looking at the evidence and he was concerned that the testimony from the captured guerrillas was not terribly reliable,'' said Mr. Dodd,, speaking from his office in Wethersfield, Conn. 'Eroding Support' for Cristiani Mr. Dodd said that in his many conversations with the Salvadoran President since Ms. Casolo was arrested, he tried to communicate the concerns in Congress and the possible implications for Salvadoran aid in light what he called ''eroding support'' for the Cristiani Government after the slayings of six Jesuit priests last month.
Many American businessmen operating in Moscow say they already assume that their buildings are bugged.
Value Line said that it expected a mild recession this year but that it did not expect any drastic downturn for the company, citing Coleman's diversified line of products and the large amount of low-priced items it offers for cost-conscious consumers.
''We have made no decisions,'' Ms. Logan said.
His excuses are becoming rather thin.''
A1 The McMartin child molesting case is teetering on the brink of mistrial with only one of six alternate jurors left, an example to many of the legal system run amok.
''Sarah, Plain and Tall'' was a hard act to follow, but ''The Facts and Fictions of Minna Pratt'' is a worthy successor.
It spotlights a promising young musician, Roglit Ishay, an Israeli-born pianist who now makes her home and musical living in Boston, in a program that includes works by Mozart, Schumann and Bach.
* Nevada Power Co., Las Vegas, named James C. Holcombe executive vice president, effective March 1.
The best are witty about the silly genre they take advantage of.
Although it fixed no blame on him, it said the Vice President had some responsibility to advise the President on the sale of arms to Iran because Mr. Bush was a member of the National Security Council.
From a political perspective, it appeared that the White House did not want the Democrats to take credit for repealing the legislation and eliminating the surtax that many older Americans consider onerous.
You should also investigate an insurer's long-term financial solvency with the A. M. Best Company, the industry analyst.
Mr. Fishlow said he could not remember if he had been wearing his seat belt during the accident.
''When I worked in the plant, the owners never told us anything.
As a native New Yorker, I found that my first morning in North Carolina did not match my preconception of a temperate southern dawn.
Sheik Salem said today that the release ''has nothing to do with the demands of extremist organizations.''
Defining 'Temporary' A Corrections Department spokeswoman, Patricia Mulcahy, said the state has fulfilled its obligation under the court order to keep Hudson inmates for 30 days.
'Strong-Arm Tactics' A State Department spokesman, Richard A. Boucher, said: ''A fraudulent election will only perpetuate Panama's problems.
John C. Goff, a 33-year-old C.P.A.
The company hoped that the special dividend would bolster its stock price.
's good cops and bad cops Regional B1-4 Drug dealing in a housing project in the Bronx has created an atmosphere of intense fear, with residents wary of going to the police because of their dread of the dealers.
The Dayton Hudson Corporation said yesterday that it had agreed to sell its Lechmere appliance, electronics and leisure equipment chain of 27 stores to Berkshire Partners, an investment company; members of Lechmere's management, and other investors.
''They had that empty, dazed look.''
So is baseball, which Jackson also plays.
The Islanders continue their four-game trip with a game in Calgary on Saturday night.
For more than two weeks, Alaska has been gripped by a cold wave that has turned a shared adventure into a test of endurance.
LOOKING BACK - SKIN - A STATE OF BEING, conceived and directed by Ping Chong, in collaboration with John Fleming, Jeannie Hutchins, Dan Froot, Allan Tung and Daryl; set designer, Mr. Chong; lighting designer, Howard Thies; costume designer, Matthew Yokobosky; projections designer, Jan Hartley; sound designer, Brian Hallas; production coordiantor, Meryl Vladimer; set realized by the La Mama Set Construction Group, David Adams, Mark Tambella and Jun Maeda.
She said, for example, that she asked her pupils to write reports on tropical animals in Asia to familiarize them with how to put together a bibliography.
I have introduced a family living wage bill, which would increase the earned income tax credit and vary it for family size.
The discovery came during spot checks by Federal officials after the United States and Japanese embassies in Santiago received anonymous telephone calls earlier this month saying fruit exports would be poisoned.
Similar results were reported in District 2, site of the Martinique Hotel on West 32d Street, which the city finally emptied of homeless families last month.
At times, they would rumble on bass drums while holding their sticks in the air.
But Monday's most eagerly awaited show -Marc Jacobs's - was a mess.
And after the 900,000-square-foot tower is completed in 1992, Davis Polk & Wardwell, a law firm that has been based in downtown Manhattan for nearly 150 years, will take half the space at a rent below the developer's projections of what average rents will be.
Instead, many of the companies agreed to offer networks that do not penalize nonparticipants.
Tools of Persuasion Since tolls tend to raise both huge amounts of money and the hackles of motorists, some planners have been weighing their usefulness as a tool for persuading people to forsake their cars for mass transportation.
Bush on TV Tuesday President Bush is scheduled to present his drug program in a nationally televised speech Tuesday evening.
A new generation of ''optical amplifiers,'' for example, could replace the sluggish electronic repeaters in use today and make ordinary light signals much faster.
Written in the serpentine style that distinguishes James's prose, this piece gets my vote for the best parody of the much-parodied James, as well as being a marvelous spoof of the reverential memoirs that, praise be, are no longer fashionable.
Her statement that dentists hire dental hygienists for public-relations reasons is sheer nonsense.
Under an arrangement that runs through 1993, Warner hardcover books are distributed by the Random House sales force and Warner paperbacks are distributed to bookstores by Ballantine Books, a division of Random House Inc.
Even as Mr. Kohl has slid to new lows, Mr. Genscher maintained his customary approval rating of about 75 percent.
This leaves the heads of nails in the piece projecting enough so that they can be gripped by the pry bar or hammer claws.
Neither Dr. Mahoney nor Dr. Epstein committed the sin of publishing the fictitious paper.
Whole walls are what his magic needs.''
Shouldn't I take advantage of it?
Theater and film will be shown through Aug. 21.
Bob Stein, president of the Timberwolves, said the team had no choice but to sue Mahorn if he attempted to play in Europe.
Indeed, Mr. Samayoa said in Costa Rica last week that ''a purification and reduction of the armed forces'' will be high on the rebels' agenda.
The first, which is not particularly new, was that good California wines can and do hold their own against France's best.
Previous Highs Are Tied While it is common for Presidents to lose popularity in their time in office, Mr. Reagan's current approval rating of 68 percent ties his previous high, recorded in December 1985 and May 1986.
Mr. Brydges's assumption was that the bill was so radical that it could not pass the Senate.
He would not comment beyond his letter.
His comments today came two days after a frank discussion in New York with a group of leaders of Jewish organizations.
On a smaller scale, but no less witty, are Mr. Robbins's evocations of the lost vaudeville worlds of the soft-shoe (Mr. Alexander and Faith Prince's duet to ''I Still Get Jealous'' from ''High Button Shoes'') and the striptease (''You Gotta Have a Gimmick'' from ''Gypsy'').
Michael C. Kraland, marketing director for the line, said that when the Champagne is introduced in the United States, ''I don't think it will be a huge success in the Bible Belt.''
And blocks to build a city.
The subheading should have read, ''Once a high-ticket item, furs are now seen as more affordable.''
Dr. Balter looked down at my daughter, the picture of sweetness and innocence.
* Hillsborough County Aviation Authority of Florida is offering $93.1 million of tax-exempt revenue bonds for Tampa International Airport through underwriters led by Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Co.
The Whiteness of Bones By Susanna Moore 277 pages.
The totals for 1989 have not yet been calculated.
She has been actively seeking another teaching position.
Once sequestered, jurors could not be released, even for Christmas, the prosecutor said.
We will recruit anybody who is good enough to play for us, who is academically acceptable for Seton Hall.
At a time when British houses generally took a subdued approach to book publishing, Gollancz books were notable for bold jackets and heavy advertising.
''That doesn't seem like much.
There's struggle in the novel but it's creative struggle.''
Following is a roundup of the major actions New York State While taxpayers who live and work in New York state are enjoying lower tax bills, residents of other states who commute across the border to work and part-time residents will, in many instances, end up paying more for 1988.
''They want us to bail them out.''
His miming was clear, and his leaps were vigorous in his variations.
''He is the essence of North Carolina, its symbol,'' said Rufus Edmisten, a Democrat elected to succeed Mr. Eure.
2 Georgetown lost during the week.
But the American aircraft carrier was so far from the Libyan chemical plant, he said, that even Colonel Qaddafi could not have believed that an American attack was imminent.
''They hire our people, they make donations and they have gone out of their way to make that plant as safe as possible.
Ministry Denies Findings The Interior Ministry here said the Amnesty International findings were not true.
The authors of the report, which was had been requested by the dean of the faculty, Michael Spence, included three women, two blacks, an Asian-American and a person of Hispanic descent, all members of the arts and sciences faculty.
A year ago at the gene mapping meeting at Cold Spring Harbor, Dr. Robert K. Moyzis and colleagues at the Los Alamos National Laboratory reported discovering a telltale short sequence of DNA subunits that always appears in multiple copies at the end of any human chromosome.
For the past six years, he has been wearing a hearing aid.
THE director of the Westport-Weston Health District, Judith F. Nelson, decided that radon testing by the state of 100 houses in those towns was not enough.
Zaire has maintained remarkable stability, given that the country is made up of more than 250 ethnic groups and that it experienced a five-year civil war following its independence in 1960.
Many of these patients want everything possible done to prolong their lives; others refuse the procedures.
The huge awning they had brought for shade flapped crazily in the wind.
And now ''it's all over the place, all over the country,'' Joseph Colodner, head of the psychological counseling services for the Education Ministry, said in an interview.
THE DECLINE IN PESTICIDE use is welcome news to people concerned about their health, but many experts take the position that as long as most farmers ignore effective alternatives to insecticides, herbicides and fungicides, these chemicals are being overused.
The helicopter crashed shortly after midnight, cutting a 20-foot-wide swath through woods and scattering its doors, glass and other debris.
But suddenly, a week or so ago, the members of the Association for the Advancement of Time found themselves in journalism's glare.
The dollar finished mixed as currency traders awaited the jobs report and developments from the Group of Seven meeting.
Stalin responded that the Germans themselves had executed the officers.
''The younger child may not be able to handle the social pressures, especially if the date is a few years older,'' Dr. Sahler said.
Some elderly remain insured by their former employers and say that they do not need the new Federal insurance.
''Part of what we're saying is that he is historically important,'' Mr. Adams said.
Tyson was unchanged, at $18.25, in over-the-counter trading.
Bold Midway, a Midwestern gelding who carried 113, was second by 1 1/2 lengths over Cryptoclearance, who carried top weight of 123 pounds.
All this comes at a time when the National Collegiate Athletic Association is seeking to strengthen academic requirements for athletes.
Thus the Mayor's task force calls for at least 1,500 new nursing-home beds and 2,500 more health-service housing units.
In the international economic community, Mr. Mulford is known as a hard-line free-marketer, but in his effort to overhaul the debt policy, he has shown a softer edge.
Daytime Robberies The first murder took place June 9, the second on July 14.
The city must include in the application any prison-related construction on federally regulated waterways.
Nationally, about 90 percent of all new cars have air-conditioning.
The firing occurred last Friday, when a Soviet Sovremenny warship near the island of Crete shot one of its four-inch guns during an exercise, according to the Navy.
Also, the surrogate mother would have 180 days after the child is conceived to repudiate the contract, in effect allowing her to keep the baby.
But was I really quite that naive?
''Greece could become like Italy, with regular government crises,'' said Mrs. Vlachos.
''We're always hearing 'collective leadership, collective leadership,' '' the writer notes.
Other calls were received on March 3 and March 8.
They say they won't forget it.
Gas Main Is Struck The blast was apparently ignited about 1 P.M. when a backhoe struck a 26-inch underground main outside a Con Edison distribution plant at 132d Street on the East River.
Sales of domestic light trucks, which include mini-vans and utility vehicles and double as personal transportation for a growing number of Americans, were 94,543 for the mid-October period, down from 122,468 a year ago.
With Children,'' vicious insults and threatened violence were the hot commodities of the moment.
Norway's state oil company, Statoil, announced plans today to sell for the first time part of its holdings in an offshore oilfield.
A loss would have been their fourth in five games and their seventh in their last eight road games.
An American public that has lost faith with one powerful institution after another is still reluctant to kick nuclear weapons off their oversize pedestal.
''The program works in varying degrees,'' Dr. Doremus said.
After learning of the test results, Mr. Mays asked for the location of Arlena's grave, his lawyer, Arthur Ginsburg, said at a news conference.
In March, Mrs. Nadarajah put up a collection of uncut gems, one of which weighed 187 carats.
(AP) Kroon Beats Woodforde: Niclas Kroon of Sweden won the first Grand Prix title of his career when he defeated Mark Woodforde of Australia, 4-6, 6-2, 6-4, yesterday in the final of the Queensland Open tournament in Brisbane, Australia.
Iron Pots and Wooden Spoons by Jessica B. Harris.
Until recently, Avis Europe was an independent company that had been spun off from its parent in 1986, when the rental-car concern underwent a leveraged buyout.
Affiliated stations, which usually benefit from strong national sales, are also sure to see increased revenues.
The stock market turned in another listless session, with the Dow average off 2.93 points, at 2,301.87.
Lyn Greene Harry Edison .
Mr. Frank, a 49-year-old Democrat, has represented the district since 1981.
As for the husband and wife, their surname is Macbeth.
Over the years the N.F.L.
Tickets are $20 and $50 for reserved seats; $10 for students and the elderly.
Laimbeer, who scored Detroit's final 6 points, sank four free throws the rest of the way for the final margin, giving Detroit 1-0 lead in the best-of-7 series that resumes at The Palace Friday night.
We want our German Democratic Republic.
[ Reuters estimated the number of Soviet troops at the airport at 500. ]
As Miss King sees it, there isn't much left for a guy who wants to act like a guy.
Mr. Papandreou himself suggested that political rules were changing now that his opponents of right and left had ended a longstanding tacit pact under which a new group taking power did not investigate the patronage, kickbacks and other forms of corruption of its predecessors.
William F. Glavin, a vice chairman of the Xerox Corporation and one of its four top executives, is taking early retirement at age 57 to become president of Babson College, the company announced yesterday.
negotiate with Israel about how to hold the election suggested by Mr. Shamir.
Every time he saw people meandering indiscriminately through the galleries, Taylor felt discouraged.
Other possible percentages are progressively less likely the more they differ from the reported results.
As a result of the lawsuits, the E.P.A.
The towels were smallish and thinnish, but progress had clearly been made.
To state that the Israelis have long recognized the legitimate rights of the Palestinians is an allegation that none but the most hardened supporters of Israel would accept these days.
Typical Settlements Typical of the settlements reached under the supervision of the Army's task force was $700,000 recovered from the advertising agency N.W.
To accomplish that aim, the lawyers had to convince the judge that the Reds and major league baseball were not proper defendants.
After the analysis, tasters will sample the onions and attempt to rate the flavor - from mild to breathtaking.
''I think it's deceiving the viewer as to the risks regarding seafood,'' Mr. Lord said yesterday.
Tomorrow all will be fine, but tonight it's silence.
We now have a historic opportunity with the Soviet Union.
Navy officials insisted that the winds must subside considerably before Mr. Bush attempts any more harbor trips in the Belknap's 40-foot motor launch.
Ms. Salembier said the newspaper's travel section had failed to attract advertising, in part because of early deadlines needed to allow it to be printed in Buffalo, the nearest commercial printing facility capable of the color work The Post required.
The trial of Oliver L. North today resembled the legal equivalent of hand-to-hand combat as the chief prosecution lawyer tore into Mr. North's personal integrity as well as his assertions that superiors authorized his actions on behalf of the Nicaraguan rebels.
Like others of their order, Hexagenias spend their first years as underwater nymphs, then they rise to the surface as adults, emerging from their nymphal shucks like butterflies escaping cocoons.
Gregory E. van der Vink, project director for the report, said in an interview that officials of the Energy Department, which runs the Nevada test site and the nation's nuclear weapons program, ''have nothing to hide, but they're hiding it anyway.''
''The buildings come up but we have to see about the conditions of the area.
Officials say inflation in August was really much less than the 37.9 percent figure would indicate, with most of that attributable to a carry-forward effect from July.
The Democratic Leadership Council plan, based largely on the work of the Northwestern University sociologist Charles Moskos, seeks to revive a civic philosophy, now faded from American life, that recognizes obligations as well as rights and accepts duties as well as rewards.
Real Roman family dishes are seldom seen in the city's restaurants.
Had I been 27,'' says the 58-year-old accompanist, ''I would have changed without hesitation, because I would have thought that this woman knows more about them than I do.''
Long Islanders are seldom lukewarm about the Canada goose.
''Everybody huddles around the keg and watches each other.
The drug dealers may have killed more than a man last week.
Prost finished the 65-lap race around the 2.97-mile Silverstone Circuit in 1 hour 19 minutes 22.131 seconds on a hot, humid day.
A famous, elderly, ailing lawyer plays a prominent part.
And the public has always had a taste for them.
Luggage where it should be?
Every morning, Mr. Mejia said, he takes a bus from Hempstead, arriving in Glen Cove before 7 o'clock to wait for the trucks that come by about 8.
* Like many new immigrant groups, Asians have concentrated on getting an economic foothold and educating their children rather than looking outward toward the larger community.
''No way,'' the owner said by telephone from Tampa, Fla. ''He was too happy doing what he was doing.
''The impact of interest rates, which we expect to trend downward for the rest of the year, will have a positive effect on starts, and we should see an appreciable pickup in the fall,'' he added.
''It's important in a neighborhood like this,'' Ms. Furth said.
''Basically we didn't see eye to eye with our partner.''
Some Seem Hesitant ''A lot of the top players in the game, players who can skate and handle the puck, don't like to pull the trigger,'' Roger Neilson, the coach of the Rangers, said of Sandstrom's tendency not to shoot.
This, however, worked to his disadvantage.
Surgeons can't restore cartilage, but they can replace it with something that does its job.
About 500 of an estimated 900 have been released.
For one thing, the computer, in the HeadStart tradition, is accompanied by a Stop!
It is hoped that the same lawyers who stalled baseball for six months before advising him to give it up will now show him how to get help.
Major Martinho, 30 years old and second in command of Angola's cease-fire monitoring team, said the only serious violation of the accord has been South Africa's lack of cooperation on establishing three control posts in the southeastern corner of the country, bordering the Caprivi Strip, Namibia's panhandle.
When he checked his couple-of-years-old yogurt in the refrigerator and found it still not moldy, he thought it was incredible but said, ''It's going to be thrown out.''
In his last budget proposal, Ronald Reagan urged Congress to appropriate $9 billion to operate the weapons plants.
The Dinkins ads were created by the Democratic political consulting firm of Doak & Shrum in Washington.
Determined to transcend regional popularity, he moved to California, where his progress was impeded by his lack of facility in English, which he now speaks quite fluently.
Even at current production rates, Moscow is not producing warships and submarines fast enough to maintain the strength of its rapidly aging fleet.
There should be about 3 cups.
In the cast, Trisha Gorman, as Ruby, says, ''My name is Ruby, and I'm a dancer and I just got off the bus and I want to be in a Broadway show,'' while the rest of the company - all of whom appeared in ''Red, Hot and Cole,'' except for Miss Gorman - struggles with lines like ''Give 'em heck'' and ''Thank gosh.''
Congressional investigators say she acted out of revenge: Mr. Fortuna had testified against her in another investigation, in which she was accused of seeking to intimidate a woman who had filed a sexual harassment complaint against a deputy of Mrs. Connelly's and invading the woman's privacy.
The company in 1988 changed its method of accounting for income taxes to comply with the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
In Japan, there is little fear of a sustained downturn in the Tokyo markets.
''All I have is an address in Bombay, not a name, and we have found this address on a freight document written in West Germany and we still do not know if this is the end user,'' he said.
''They didn't need us,'' he said.
''Each year, he sends his servants out into the world to record the number of eggs decorated.
Manufacturers Hanover has created a global services group, the first step of its promised reorganization.
Steven Spielberg, a cultural idol of the baby boomers, was Bullwinkled at an early age.
JACQUELINE G. WEXLER President, National Conference of Christians and Jews New York, July 5, 1989
More than a sixth of Brooklyn's population is Hispanic, and this large and growing segment consists of a half-dozen or more diverse communities, each with its own folkways, background and dialect.
Now the combined company will be able to publish books derived from stories or reporting developed by Time, Fortune, People, Sports Illustrated, Life or the 11 other Time Inc. magazines.
''I'm certainly glad I didn't wear my new coat for them,'' she says to herself as she walks into the sunlight.
In Act I, the women whisper in pairs, and the crowd shifts turbulently during the mad scene.
The ensemble has toured worldwide for a half-century, most notably as the chief Soviet cultural export at various world's fairs.
The official, who asked not to be identified, said increased Chinese security around the American Embassy in Beijing may have been the result of Halloween festivities at the embassy but was without justification and amounted to harassment of Americans.
''It's better than being on the street,'' Daniel, who is in his 40's, said during a recent interview at a single-room-occupancy residence in Manhattan, where he has been living since September.
But the two did not discuss Union Carbide, Mr. Jefferies said.
''It was a privilege for a new generation of Soviet dancers to see how she works.''
Volkswagen's profits rebounded strongly, while Renault, France's state-owned car maker, moved back into the black after losing more than $1 billion a year in the mid-1980's.
The church, too, has struggled with homosexuality.
''It takes place in a theater they call Virginia,'' he says in his best husky detective tone.
Rodeos come in just about as many shapes and sizes as the cowboys who ride in them.
The infants die hours after birth, many of them born undernourished from the wombs of undernourished mothers who have taken too little time between babies.
The 54-year-old Mr. Bahro, who returned here early this month and was seen scribbling furiously in an anteroom of the Dynamo hall last week, sprang to his feet and demanded to speak for 30 minutes on his concept for changing the economy.
With an interesting topping it becomes a lunch dish.
H. Allen Holmes, the Assistant Secretary of State for Politico-Military Affairs, told Congress today, ''We accept in principle that some form of sanctions, if appropriately formulated, would give the Administration an additional instrument against countries that use chemical weapons and companies that aid proliferation.''
I threw eight in a row.
We have been told that the roof material is quite delicate and will not tolerate being stepped on.
The two that were sold at Skinner's had other characteristics, including quarter-round molding of the tops and different cuts of the legs.''
Steve Wynn, the impressario of the Mirage hotel-casino, which paid an $8 million site fee for last night's World Boxing Council supermiddleweight title bout, talked of upstaging Bob Arum and Don King in a financial restructure of future boxing promotions that sounded almost altruistic.
One of the students says the diminished scores were a rebellion against pressure to perform, but administrators at the school, West High, deny that there was too much pressure.
She is credited with being a major force in reviving the German theater after World War II.
Audi of America says it feels vindicated by a Federal study concluding that drivers' ''misapplying'' their feet to gas and brake pedals was the principal cause of sudden, uncontrolled acceleration in some Audi 5000's.
''I've been here 17 years and I've never seen a cow tipped,'' Mr. Knox said.
''They havenot coming back,'' he said, ''but they should have.
One team has made an offer.
''They were contributing more than just their expertise.''
Seashore Marks Its 25th The Fire Island National Seashore sent out two news releases recently.
''I was driving along and the freeway went out from under.
He faces up to 403 years in prison at his sentencing hearing next Monday.
''Talk is cheap,'' Mr. Koch said at one point in the opening moments of the session.
Terms of the deal were not disclosed.
''They haven't changed, and we don't see any reason to change our attitude toward them.''
The benefit is part of a series of concerts that began last spring to raise $100,000; about half has been raised.
The turmoil that has engulfed the team is, to a great extent, the result of an epidemic of foot-in-mouth disease.
He was not a little man.
''What the study says is that staff are the key to good child care, and we're having a hard time keeping good child care staff because the pay is just too low,'' said Marcy Whitebook, executive director of the Child Care Employee Project, a nonprofit group based in Oakland, Calif.
The movie also deserves kudos for its innovative use of breathing and slobber sounds, which serve, when bears alone occupy the screen (fairly often), as a kind of reflective monologue.
''This hobby has allowed me to put one foot in the 18th century.''
And when mayors and editors gathered to elect this year's Marianne, the mythic French woman who incarnates republican virtue and dignity, they chose a fashion model with an aristocratic pedigree, Ines de la Frassange.
Court Ruling Awaited For now, both the Government and the Moluccans have taken their arguments to court.
''It's not easy to start a company it Poland.
The 33-year-old Johnson, who played with the Milwaukee Bucks under Nelson and was traded to the Los Angeles Clippers in 1984, suffered a flexion neck injury in a November 1986 game against Dallas.
- Ferdinand E. Marcos Jr. [ B7:1. ]
''This is a tragic decision,'' added Allan G. Rosenfield, dean of the Columbia University School of Public Health, who said the world had eagerly awaited a pill that would avoid unnecessary deaths, and ''now it has been driven from the market by what amounts to a business decision.''
Here is what some of the first-graders wrote: Janet Feliciano: ''My sisdr is fun.
They weren't laughing at the jokes.
The comments came as the Investment Company Institute released detailed figures for August, showing that while net cash flow into stock-oriented funds slowed from the hectic summer pace, it continued to be positive.
If that was what Miss Jenkins and Mr. Eckert were after, they have certainly succeeded.
The earliest known lyrics in a Romance language come from Moslem Spain: the kharjas - 61 colloquial women's songs in the Mozarabic language which the medieval male poets of Andalusia used as the end verses for their classical Arabic and Hebrew poems.
Heart patients who undergo bypass surgery appear to have a better chance of long-term survival than patients who undergo drug treatment alone, a new study has reported.
Other young people, who see dealing drugs as their only chance to make it, ride around in luxury cars that are startlingly incongruous on the filthy streets.
Indeed, the owner has had a history of signing Reich clients and treating them well financially.
''For a nickel or a dime at the time, it was the greatest thrill.
7 In his first week combatting drugs, William Bennett, announced a ban on importing semi-automatic rifles, targeted Washington for anti-drug efforts, in spite of a promise not to make a big splash.
Why not put America's energy house in order at the same time by enacting a variable oil import fee?
While many people buy kosher without realizing it, some believe that if it's kosher, it must be better.
Rowland (R) Y N 6.
When Mr. Cheney declared that he thought Mr. Gorbachev would ultimately fail and be replaced by a more traditional anti-Western hard-liner, he said he was simply honestly answering a reporter's question.
The official said the complaint was delivered by Vyacheslav I. Kochemasov, the Soviet Ambassador in East Germany, to the Foreign Ministry last Friday.
Stephen DelGiacco, a spokesman for the three-member Albany-based commission, said the conclusion was drawn from a review of the original autopsy and other records in the case and from an inquiry by commission investigators, who interviewed police officers and medical technicians.
The cases before the Supreme Court this term will deal with the rights of minors to obtain abortions without parental involvement.
Only countries that take tough economic measures will be eligible.
- Dennisse Vidal, Colorado Springs.
Lewis and Johnson each got an estimated $250,000 for taking part in a celebrated race in Zurich, won by Lewis, before the 1988 Olympics.
OPEC came close to dismantling its system of quotas before ending a meeting without agreement on how much oil each member will produce in the final quarter of the year.
Although he came close, nobody expected Gretzky to reach the mark on Friday night.
has interpreted the results of an unpublished Park Service report to create an artificial crisis atmosphere and justify its rushed regulatory decision.
One minute it wants to be serious, the banking capital of Central and South America.
The only tickets still available are for night sessions on Aug. 31, Sept. 1, Sept. 5.
hope it will be well established.
First-degree rape involves either the threat or the use of violence.
Gear gained 2 1/4 to end at 35 1/4 after the sneaker maker reported sharply higher sales and orders.
''I don't think the Soviets are in a position, considering the state of the economy, to stick their neck out on a project that no Western company, even a consortium, would consider doing,'' said Jan Vanous, the research director for Planecon, a Washington consulting company that specializes in the Eastern bloc and Soviet economies.
Instead, Mr. Bennett said, ''the board finds that there are no unique physical conditions peculiar to and inherent in the particular zoning lot which give rise to practical difficulties or unnecessary hardship.''
Mr. Marsalis, who is 29, comes out of the fertile New Orleans scene of the late 1970's, which emphasized the great masters of the 1950's and 60's and which produced his younger brother, Wynton, with a score of other well-known jazz musicians.
Posterity has done nothing for us; and theorize on it as we may, practically, we shall do very little for it unless we are made to think we are, at the same time, doing something for ourselves.''
Renewed Complaints ''I don't believe that gives you an automatic right to disclose information that will kill somebody or disclose a basic secret that you, your client and everybody else is pledged to protect,'' the judge said.
The schedule was worse away.
The Amalgamated Clothing and Textile Workers union said it planned to pursue the purchase of Cluett, Peabody & Company, a subsidiary of West Point-Pepperell Inc., through an employee stock-ownership plan.
Spanning the golden age of Radio, Mr. Moss played the lead in numerous radio soap operas, was spokesman for the New York Philharmonic Orchestra and was a staff announcer for CBS Radio in New York.
* Imperial Corp. of America, San Diego, a savings and loan holding company, named Lyman C. Hamilton Jr. interim president and chief executive.
It said that it was also considering ''the feasibility of an advantageous disposition of the company'' and that it had begun meeting with potential buyers.
An improvement in relations with Israel is considered a prime goal of the new policy.
''I liked meeting people and I can tell stories well,'' he said.
New applications are most likely, they say, in problem areas where conventional materials are inadequate.
With respect to my background in the defense area, it's an issue that I've - a set of issues that I've been interested in for a long time, obviously had some exposure to them during the Ford years, when I served as White House chief of staff and sat in on all the National Security Council meetings.
Sidewalk hawkers sell flowers and fruit.
And now this is where the situation becomes murkier.
Their names are on an American Express card.
The coupons were for use in purchasing other Cuisinart products.
Eventually, he learned that by using polls, he could stock products people wanted and be more successful.
The doctor, Kathryn Hinnant, a 33-year-old pathologist, may have also been raped and choked, Police Commissioner Benjamin Ward said yesterday at a news conference at the hospital.
Democracy is not perfect, and it is not applicable to our country now.''
It was not until 1980 that Mrs. Pirone learned her real mother was Juanita Jennings, a woman she had grown up knowing and loving as a close family friend.
The testimony was taken during an inquiry into how The New York Times obtained the grand jury's summaries and published an article quoting them more than a week before the panel concluded that Miss Brawley, a black teen-ager from Wappingers Falls, N.Y., had made up her tale of abduction and assault by a group of white men.
Relief efforts were hampered, however, because airports on the islands, including the one in San Juan, P.R., remained closed.
Crowd Unhappy With Outcome When the ring announcer, Michael Buffer, pronounced the bout a draw, the pro-Hearns crowd booed.
Professor Bauch estimates that the cost will be less than half that of setting up individual lines and answering machines at the school.
We estimate the cost would be roughly $100,000 for the system to block those calls.
As the riders stormed up the Rue de Liege and into the Place de Verdun, Laurent Bezault and Heinz Imboden found themselves traveling an unexpected road.
In their study of diverse aspects of material culture - from the printing press to walled gardens, from cooking to child rearing, from keeping diaries to domestic architecture and the fashion for household pets - the authors, Mr. Chartier explains, looked for traces of ''sentiments and values'' and tried to discover how documents and objects could reveal ''social and individual practices.''
But underlining that solutions are hard to come by, other business leaders say it is often difficult to persuade companies to cooperate in such consortiums.
But it voted down suggestions that would have required a two-thirds majority in the Council to overturn a borough president's budget choice, and a three-quarters vote in the Planning Commission to overturn or change a borough president's recommendation on a proposed land use change.
He also announced at the hearing that he had received the support of the Investment Company Institute, the trade group of mutual funds, and the heads of the stock and options exchanges and the National Association of Securities Dealers.
Forty-one showed no blood or were inconclusive, and six showed only the user's blood type.
I had to admit that the carpeting on the floor was an unaccustomed touch of luxury.
Gibraltar Financial said it had been caught off guard by today's action despite its financial troubles and a previous finding by the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco that its financial condition was ''unsafe and unsound.''
When a contra supply plane was shut down over Nicaragua in October 1986, Mr. Gregg assured reporters that he had never discussed the contra issue with Mr. Rodriguez.
Consumer prices increased in 1988 at a rate of 75 percent, and economic planners say they are now compelled to curb the strong development that had been Mr. Ozal's hallmark after taking office in 1983.
In 1930 Louis Morino opened a seafood restaurant within sight and smell of the Fulton Fish Market; it came to be known as Sloppy Louie's.
My effort to protect Tyson from King and from himself has so infuriated King that he has leveled every charge in the book against me.
Tonight's game, in which the Knicks shot 39 percent from the field, was a prime example of an offense that has stagnated.
It's late, 1 or 2 o'clock in the morning, and the man of the house taps the woman of the house on the shoulder.
Ewing declined to reveal how much money he was receiving from Phoenix, saying, ''You know I don't like to discuss money.''
Mr. Smith said American City was not hurt as badly as some business publishers by the stock market crash.
So MCA has found itself particularly dependent on Universal Pictures and on Mr. Pollock.
He then became vice president and chairman of the editorial board of Scholastic Magazines Inc., a position he held for 20 years, retiring in 1968.
Hernandez reveled in the nickname Mex.
Rosabeth Moss Kanter, a Harvard Business School expert in organizational behavior and a noted management consultant, took over the top editorial job at The Harvard Business Review on Friday, succeeding Theodore Levitt, who will return to teaching.
''One should be lion-hearted, I suppose, but one should be practical also,'' said Mr. Ghosh, a lawyer.
''In our society,'' he said, ''man is forced to undergo violence of every kind without being able to react.
In a new introduction to his case studies about victims of Chinese ''thought reform,'' Robert Jay Lifton says the lessons can be applied to American religious cults.
We've made that agreement with Canada and we intend to honor that agreement.
As two large Spanish banks picked up the pieces after their planned merger officially fell apart last week, bankers across the country began to consider the repercussions of the thwarted deal.
The two are Wuer Kaixi, one of the most prominent student leaders, and Yan Jiaqi, a leading political scientist.
A driving force behind the broadening of Las Vegas's appeal has been the Convention and Visitors Authority, which widely promotes it as a family destination in television and newspaper advertising nationwide.
Easy Goer looks like a good bet to pass the test on both counts.
30-Year Issue at 8.16% Trading in the secondary market for Treasury securities remained light.
Despite his efforts to rig up a plot about drug-crazed teen-agers and the suppliers who keep their dirty trade under respectable wraps, the first-time mystery author sketches a thin tale of small-town corruption.
A strip of five stamps purchased recently for a few dollars could be easily identified: ''Postage Stamp,'' the line at the top reads.
My room was Spartan but clean.
Mr. Marcus is a structural engineer with I. G. Cantor, a consulting-engineering firm in Manhattan that handles large projects, like Trump Tower.
China has accused Taiwan of using its wealth to buy diplomatic recognition with foreign countries, as a new quarrel further strained relations across the Taiwan Strait.
She cannot remember the last time she failed at anything.
The wheat sale was the first reported under a 1.5-million-ton offer of subsidized wheat to Moscow approved Tuesday by President Bush.
One healthy competitor thinks IDS risks a potentially divisive culture clash with the large influx of newcomers.
The advantage became greater the more the tasks required spatial cues, like looping a cable through rings.
But suddenly, I didn't care about being fair - I felt trapped and frantic.
Mr. Wiesel has written extensively about his survival at a Nazi death camp and worked with President Francois Mitterrand on a conference of Nobel laureates in Paris last year.
There were stories about holdup men who threatened their victims with syringes saying, ''Give me your money or I'll give you AIDS.''
Rounded Up En Masse In the spring of 1915, the Ottoman Empire began to round up hundreds of thousands of Turkish Armenians, who were a dominant force in the eastern part of the empire.
The Kean administration has asked all department heads to review their proposed budgets and come with up possible economies.
I absolutely love children's drawings.
He stressed that he had always been assured that any side effects would be temporary at worst with the small doses of short duration he was administering to his athletes.
But to this crepe maker crepes are best straight from the pan, with all the company watching, the ceremony of creation almost as tantalizing as the first bite.
Engineer Pleaded Guilty Defense lawyers portrayed their clients as unwitting participants in Mr. Parkin's effort to obtain confidential information through bribes to a Navy engineer, Stuart E. Berlin.
YUNG-PING CHEN Boston, Sept. 1, 1989 The writer is the Frank J. Manning Eminent Scholar in Gerontology at the University of Massachusetts.
El Espectador, which provided early employment to Gabriel Garcia Marquez, Colombia's premier novelist and a Nobel laureate, has suffered before for crusading against the drug criminals.
'Bubbles in the Water' Inpectors from the Interior Department discovered the violation on a routine but unscheduled visit to the Tenneco platform, Mr. Richards said.
''I'd rather be in Toronto's position, but I'll take where we are because I know about five other clubs that would like to be where we are,'' Robinson said.
There followed 10 brutal months under the Khmer Rouge Communist government in which his mother, his older sister and brother and their families - a total of 15 people - were murdered.
It is ''like soup,'' said Dr. Gee.
When an elected representative supports the anarchic tactics of a radical group in opposing that consensus, he negates the very democratic system he is sworn to uphold.
But when asked if a single woman who did not want to marry the man who made her pregnant should be able to get a legal abortion, the country split: 42 percent of those surveyed said yes, 50 percent said no.
The designer Mario Buatta has a client who does house her equipment in the living room.
Ultimately, we are all witnesses.
''Some people crawled out on their own, but others, mostly elderly, needed help.''
Political analysts say their votes have provided crucial margins for, among others, Senators Daniel Patrick Moynihan and Alfonse M. D'Amato.
The 27 other patients were taken to Sheba Hospital in Tel Aviv.
Together, communicating mostly in sign language, the two attempt to get back to the French lines.
In this same vein, Israel will also be asked to consider halting the use of deportations as a means of punishing leaders of the rebellion.
No line drawn on a map can stop the advance of pollution.
Immediately after the denial of sameness comes the hallucinatory perception of it.
While the left side looks away, the right side of the head and body can be read as facing toward us, so that the figure becomes a Janus.
Construction activity was projected to be about the same in constant dollars, with housing starts probably flat after a drop of 90,000 this year.
He died of his injuries late Monday night.
In ''Ducks & Diners'' are cards of the sky-high cranberry cocktail bottle on Cape Cod and J. C. Harbin's tourist cottages in Memphis.
''Dry'' is not a new description for beer.
New genetic findings will help doctors diagnose ''elephant man's disease'' before symptoms appear and aid scientists in finding the gene that causes the disease, which afflicts at least 100,000 Americans, experts say.
Federal District Judge Harry Claiborne of Nevada was impeached by the House in 1986 while serving a tax-evasion sentence and later removed from the bench by the Senate.
''The Embassy thought I was crazy, but they finally agreed.''
The dispute centers on reported changes that would curtail the activities of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or Darpa, and other Government initiatives.
Nonetheless, some critics in Congress as well as the executive branch think more is needed.
''You will have a mighty good time reading the story, although there will be moments when you may fear that you are going mad,'' Isaac Anderson said in these pages in 1939.
The Replacements have a reputation for unpredictable, improvisatory concerts that can be sublime or ridiculously self-indulgent.
The police surrounded the church with armored cars but did not interfere.
The poll found that 63 percent of women and 70 percent of men said that to succeed, women have to be as tough as men.
He noted that not long ago in the port city of Sheng Chen, a company that was found to have infringed on trademarks of the International Business Machines Corporation had been required to pay the highest such fine ever in China.
Individuals who are at this level of moral development have a sense that right actions are those that have been agreed upon by society, but are aware that values and opinions are relative and can be changed.
Mr. Tetley's choreography is excitingly airborne and there is an unusual feeling about his strongly theatrical stage picture.
That final thought seems to come out of nowhere.
Mr. Grosz remained immune from explicit criticism.
On Jan. 21 (''More Ado About Abortion''), you say of me, ''He cavalierly appended an anti-Roe brief he filed three years ago.''
''The shock waves don't have the same impact.''
Oil-industry officials and newsletters estimate that Kuwait has vastly exceeded its quota over the last few months, as have the United Arab Emirates, Ecuador, Qatar and a number of others in OPEC.
On Jan. 12, The National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences announced the nominations for this year's Grammy Awards, to be presented on Feb. 22 at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles.
''He was reaching his goals,'' he said.
$25 Billion Transaction The two companies filed the action against RJR/Nabisco and F. Ross Johnson, the former RJR chief executive who began the management buyout bid.
''We're probably two or three years away'' from developing seismic-recording techniques to sketch beyond salt caps, said Orville Gaither, president of the Africa and Middle East region of the Amoco Production Company, an Amoco subsidiary.
Her father, the chairman and president of Loriva Supreme Foods in Hauppauge, L.I., is the president and a trustee of the Robertson Research Fund of the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory and a vice president and trustee of the Robertson Foundation, an endowment for the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University.
Civil libertarians were pleased that the Supreme Court decision viewed drug testing as search and seizure, but dismayed that it was sanctioned by the court even in the limited circumstances defined in the decision.
''What is filed as a one-family house becomes an illegal two,'' Mr. Kober said.
Bulgaria insists that its Muslims live well, that they are free to practice their religion and that they are simply using relaxed passport procedures to travel abroad on three-month tourist visas.
It was the first start for Young, who replaced the starting quarterback, Will Furrer, two weeks ago after Furrer injured a knee.
LIFE OF A REVOLUTION Early euphoria: 1949-1955.
It slid and it hit them.''
The summer menu features seafood entrees of Irish salmon with fresh herbs, and grilled swordfish with ginger; new main courses also include sauteed and roasted chicken with wild mushrooms and rack of lamb with fresh mint-butter sauce.
Here we have the minorities living in our four largest cities primarily, not in the suburbs, yet when it comes time for college, we mix them up on our campuses.
Ball State returned the entire starting lineup from a team that had the best record in major college basketball last season at 29-3.
So too did a slightly weaker stock market, which fell by 18.65 points, to 2,638.73.
''Some of the pollution problems have masked problems the Jersey Shore would have experienced anyway,'' said Wayne Cimorelli, president of the New Jersey Amusement Association, which represents amusement parks and arcade owners.
The finance committee, for example, had a long and productive meeting two days ago and there are some very positive things in the works.''
They spent 98 consecutive days in first place, from May 26 through Aug. 31, then stumbled through a 2-12 road trip and watched helplessly as the Blue Jays surged to the front.
Not even a little bit.''
POOR Miami finally caught a break.
New Amsterdam, with its strong evocations of old-time New York City, is made in Utica, N.Y.
Mr. Walsh announced the indictment this afternoon after a private meeting with Aubrey E. Robinson Jr., the chief Federal district judge for the District of Columbia, who ordered the indictment unsealed.
He will remain chairman until his retirement later in the year.
But in an initially positive reaction, Mr. Mitchell said Democrats were ''heartened'' by the President's ''apparent decision to terminate his effort for the capital gains tax cut.''
'', Johns directed a ride and tie in Napa, Calif.
The Sunday Silence camp was not complaining about the time, the trouble or anything else.
Efforts to improve the quality of Long Island Sound are further along than most people think.
Most of the hammering was done by Clark, the 25-year-old first baseman from New Orleans, the star of the 1984 Olympic baseball team and the man who lost the league batting title this season to Tony Gwynn of San Diego by 3 points.
One Wall Street professional observed, ''Nobody really knows what's going on; everybody's just guessing.''
The chairman's biggest sin in the capital-gains contest was not lack of ideological purity, but that the Administration and Representative Ed Jenkins, a Georgia Democrat on the panel, made the deals to sew up those 19 votes before Mr. Rosentkowski did.
He added that he expected to meet with Mr. Bush next month.
''Our deliveries are up 3.8 percent through the first six months of the model year,'' beginning in October 1988, said Candace Robbins, manager of Chevrolet truck advertising, ''and Ford's deliveries are down, so we think it's working.''
This recipe works best with chopped fresh rosemary, which is widely available in winter.
A movement for pizzicato strings, depicting Sganarelle creeping away from the graveyard, was rendered with admirable unity.
Thousands of people have visited the exhibit since it opened last month, and crowds continue to come every day -elderly people, parents with young son and daughters, schoolchildren.
A Lack of Experience Because he must hire people who are not experienced, Mr. Esmark sometimes has to fill in at the front desk or in the kitchen if trained employees fail to show up.
He neither litters nor loiters.
* Computer dealers, who often have old ''demo'' versions of software or old hardware to donate.
Somewhere inside most of his elaborate, fanciful and fastidiously executed paintings the human figure is secreted.
The silhouette of a pair of pitched metal roof-lines set side by side recalls the simple form of so-called shotgun houses, those shacklike dwellings often built for sharecroppers in the South.
Then, at a town meeting on that day, residents approved their first subdivision ordinance, setting more-or-less standard development regulations about drainage, sewage, roads and the like, and retaining the present minimum lot size of two acres.
Francis K. Githieya, a Presbyterian minister, performed the ceremony.
The Blackhawks had tied the game midway through the third period on goals 91 seconds apart by Doug Wilson and Steve Larmer, both set up by Denis Savard.
The Tokyo Bay site is a major commercial fishing center about 30 miles south of Yokohama.
''I would have to say we got lucky,'' Don Zimmer, the Cubs' manager, said after the game.
He's our most important player because of what he did this season and what he represents.
Mr. Kemp's journey has its origins in a telephone call he made to Mr. Hayes, whom he had never met, the day Mr. Bush named him to head the Department of Housing and Urban Development last December.
For vacationers who respond to a marketing agent's promise of a free cocktail party and free night's lodging - a typical offer - the pressure to buy can still be strong, as Jody Dougherty, a Federal bankruptcy court employee in Wheeling, W. Va., found out at Puerto Vallarta in Mexico three years ago.
But it had better be used to an advantage, not for showmanship.
The day the tree came to stay the snow fell down with a hissing sound.
The MCI lawsuit contends A.T.&T.
Those taken away never returned.
Richard Wesley's play about a black professional haunted by memories of his radical past.
The city bought the stadium property, changed its zoning laws, scouted developers -all with visions of a bigger property tax base dancing in their heads.
b-Included an extraordinary gain of $804,000, or 26 cents per share.
Your passport is not likely to get stamped there, but if you want the principality's rubber stamp in it, go to the Liechtenstein National Tourist Office, 37 Stadtle, Vaduz, telephone 21443), and pay a 62-cent fee.
Whether the new taxes will be approved is still unclear.
You'd make a beeline for a phone.''
But the ball didn't sink.
CBS commissioned a script, hired an actor to play the kid, and produced a little movie.
And that's the way I worked as Vice President.
Tommy Lasorda, his new manager, reminded Murray about the fun of playing baseball when he called him last Christmas Eve.
If you are very small, you actually understand that there is no point in jumping into the swimming pool unless they see you do it.
''He sponsored many of the major modern-dance companies in England in the early 60's.
''To make it clear from the very beginning, the members of the new Standing Committee from the first day they start work must pay attention to establishing and defending this collective and the core of this collective.''
He has the good looks of Dennis the Menace.
The singer Bobby Short recalled Mr. Gordon's uptown supper club, the Blue Angel, which he described as ''the bee's knees'' of the 1940's, noting that ''in 1945, the Blue Angel practiced totally a policy of nondiscrimination.''
We were competing for time.
The program works like this: A builder of low- or moderate-income housing re ceives from the city five transferable real estate tax abatement certificates for each unit of new affordable housing, or 3.3 certificates for each renovated apartment.
''I played in Sweden not long ago,'' he said, ''and they're funny there.
There are memorable sequences, particularly when the blunt Mr. Lepkoff dances with Felice Wolfzahn, who moves in continuous soft loops of activity.
One resident called him ''the meanest man in the world.''
The narrative center of ''A Voyage'' belongs not to the Luria family, however, but to a onetime classmate of Gabriel's, the librarian Israel Shoshan, called Srulik.
Forte, president of the Association of Thrift Holding Companies.
If negative findings are not reported back to the companies within a specified time, the companies would be free to proceed with their plan without fear of legal backlash.
If a general court-martial is ordered and the defendants are convicted of both charges, the maximum sentence would be a bad-conduct discharge and 15 months' confinement with loss of pay and allowances.
He had been a director of the New York Futures Exchange.
The distinctive Czechoslovak flag -a blue triangular field at the left, with a band of white and a band of red on the right - hung from balconies, fluttered from poles and decorated windows everywhere.
But law offices, however modest, always seem to use the word.
Downtown, colorful yet unadorned shelter may be found at Head Dress, 366 West Broadway, at Watts Street.
''It's a chicken and egg thing,'' said Arvid Anderson, director of personnel and facilities for the New Canaan public schools.
At the same time, Sergeant Manley said, the price for the pure cocaine from which crack is derived by heating and mixing with baking soda, forming smokable crystals, is going down, increasing the profits even more.
The enigma of Japan is partly a result of an unwillingness to scrutinize unpleasant facts.
What is certain is that the Castello Nuovo (''new'' in this case meaning 14th century) above it sheltered a later poet: in 1911-12 Rainer Maria Rilke was a guest of Princess Maria von Thurn und Taxis-Hohenlohe, whose family has owned the castle for 400 years, and while walking through the nearby woods he conceived the ''Duino Elegies.''
Then there was nothing the F.B.I.
The most he ever bet was $2,000 on the Super Bowl.
Officials refused to arrange interviews to discuss the issue on recent visits to Henan and Shandong Provinces.
He said the leaders in signings were the Packers with nine, the Browns with six and the Redskins and the Kansas City Chiefs with five each.
The victory sent the Railsplitters into next Monday night's championship game at the Felt Forum against the survivor of today's semifinal game between Bronx powers Stevenson and Walton at City College's Nat Holman Gymnasium.
''While you're losing one thing, something else is coming along.
So we want them to learn and hope that 90 percent of them will have a positive experience.''
(Visitors who are tempted by the festive aspect of the Palais Lerchenfeld on the Damenstiftstrasse should be warned that this onetime playground of the Bavarian nobility now houses the Department of Municipal Cemeteries.)
''Some of our nurses failed to renew their licenses in a timely manner,'' said Fred Winters, a spokesman for the Health and Hospitals Corporation.
Mr. Wolf professes to be proud of the peaceful and disciplined way East Germans handled their quiet revolution.
Another part of the attraction, as Mr. Benning freely acknowledges, was Miss Bembenek herself.
''It was fourteen hundred square feet, two bedrooms, one and three-quarters baths, dark and dingy, with very, very little yard,'' the new bride, Patrice Serrani, relates.
They are emulating the wrong kinds of heroes.
Besides, he told an opening news conference, the bulk of the more than $350 billion spent annually on education comes from state and local sources, not from Washington.
If the boxes were piled together, they would form a stack about the size of two yellow school buses.
Joining in the selling were the central banks of Canada, France, Spain and Britain.
The Holland America Line decided to suspend calls at La Guaira, Venezuela, by the Rotterdam during its current series of 10-night Caribbean cruises from Fort Lauderdale and to put into Bridgetown, Barbados, instead.
Most of us are human and the author of this volume suggests that business executives also fall into that category.
Once a comfortable relationship has been developed with these two plants, it is time to move on to some of the lesser known summer bulbs.
Growth factors would be used only in very advanced cases, where surgery is necessary, said Dr. Sam Lynch, a research fellow at the Harvard School of Dental Medicine.
Spoon off the milky froth that rises to the top and the solid residue that settles to the bottom.
FRED ALLEN His Life and Wit.
Occasionally, descriptions are lightly tinged in purple and phrases stilted - ''He would help fructify their holdings''; ''The air was still and cool in the cold stone's propinquity.''
There are about 45 French properties and 2 in Belgium.
That vase is almost as eloquent, in its way, as the ''great truimphal chariot'' that Albrecht Durer designed for the Emperor Maximilian in 1513.
Proceeds from the sale will be used to refund in advance bonds that were sold earlier when interest rates were higher.
The bank then discounted the checks 10 percent.
''Look what happened with Rose's suspension last year,'' Miller said.
And a reprint of the advertisement appeared on the front of the local news section of The Des Moines Register - more exposure than the couple had expected.
A cartoon can be one panel like ''The Lockhorns'' or a strip like ''The Phantom.''
A copy of the report was obtained by The New York Times.
The AIDS epidemic will liberate gay America of its intransigent isolation within the larger society; and those dying of the disease are martyrs to this cause.
He added: ''At this particular point in time, Admiral Watkins has considerable credibility.
And when you do a fortissimo, it's clearly articulated.''
Often development officials start in other administrative areas.
Sunday Journal Classifieds is scheduled to start publication July 2, Mr. Marschel said, adding that he has already secured a contract to carry inserts by Sears, Roebuck & Company, the largest newspaper advertiser.
Although seeing a physician is important, there are too many parents who are totally helpless in dealing with a sick child and whose only recourse is to call the doctor.
With only the hint of a Southern accent, he answered the question that was asked in Florida all week: Why did he call a special session that seemed destined to fail?
They also said an informer had come forward who might help solve the crimes.
Hundreds of thousands of East Germans marched peacefully through Leipzig tonight, demanding democratic changes, including legalization of opposition movements, independent labor unions and separation of powers between the Communist Party and the state.
Both groups have called the elections a fraud and called on voters to boycott them.
Mr. Ludwig, at the age of 39, is what one Broadway critic called ''a fascinating mutation'': a man who speaks show-biz and legalese with equal fluency.
Then, Senator Bradley does not correctly represent the views of Soviet reformers.
Her stepfather is the president of Ultra-Products, a maker of dairy products, and of Classical Stone-Leisure Rock, a maker of decorative building materials, both in Phoenix.
Mr. Ferrer is scheduled to appear at a commission hearing tomorrow.
In the days after Mrs. Gandhi's death, more than 3,000 Sikhs were killed in India by mobs that attacked their homes and shops and set fire to Sikh-owned property.
A proposal in the United States that would have authorized Customs and Coast Guard pilots to shoot at suspicious planes as a last resort was narrowly defeated in the Senate in October, mainly because of objections from private pilots who argued that innocent pilots may be killed by mistake.
The castle is surrounded by a late medieval borgo that includes the little church of Santo Spirito and several interesting houses of Venetian Gothic design.
The country folk throw tomatoes, and the curtain falls to a song called, ''Tell Me Why the World is This Way?''
The state expects to seek Congressional approval of a plan to require that gasoline be even less volatile than under Federal requirements.
* Delta Pride Catfish Inc., to Puskar Gibbon Chapin, Indianola, Miss., with an undisclosed budget.
The men have also resigned as officers and directors of four companies that are about 87 percent controlled by Southmark.
For the Town of Hempstead to crack down on residences with accessory apartments by enforcing existing (though antiquated) legislation is irresponsible and ill timed.
Shandwick P.L.C., the British public relations conglomerate, yesterday took a step toward unifying its diverse agencies by appointing Dermot McNulty, formerly of Burson-Marsteller, its first executive vice president of marketing for North America.
With its comfortable armchairs and scholarly ambience, Grolier soon became a meeting place for poets of distinction.
Other women her age can emulate her and certainly relate to her in a comforting way.
Krushelnyski scored the seventh goal of the third period with a 20-foot wrist shot at 16:16 to tie the game.
And it's partly because Ms. Kahn is a kind of toy person - diminutive, delightful, sexy, impish, cute and capable of squirting vinegar in your eye.
''Work, personal life and recreation take place within social systems,'' Ms. Resnick, a psychologist at the University of Pittsburgh, said.
One, showing a bedraggled teen-age girl, was a parody of cosmetics advertisements.
''Dennis, you'll be with this young lady,'' said the boys' coach, pointing to Weasel Kiesel.
Bulls are so ornery that cowboys who ride them are in a class by themselves.
You mistrust your friends because you think they're being nice, but there in black and white with the power of the printed word it says you stink and you have no idea of what you're doing.''
Nonetheless, she added, the banking trade group plans to stress that the United States is losing its international competitive edge in the financial services industry, particularly as the further unification of the European Community in 1992 approaches.
Most oil futures rose on the New York Mercantile Exchange as traders evened up their positions after a week of losses.
''And what may be happening here is that the economic reforms in China got out a little bit ahead of the political reforms.''
There's a passing reference to his authoritarian father, and the clear implication is that this might explain his obedient little-boy relationships with such later father figures as Director of Central Intelligence William J. Casey (Barnard Hughes) as well as the national security advisers Robert C. McFarlane (Paul Dooley) and Vice Adm. John M. Poindexter (Peter Boyle).
The excerpts of statements by Mr. Bush and Roman Popadiuk, Deputy White House spokesman, were provided by The Associated Press.
In fact, there are parallels between ''Montsegur'' and Mr. Messaien's opera ''St.
Under terms of the November agreement, bondholders are to exchange debt securities with a face value of $865 million for a package of new debt securities with a face value of $400 million and about 78 percent of the equity in the reorganized company.
The storytelling, unfortunately, keeps the reader at arm's length from the reality of life with disease.
The percentage of disabled men who work full time dropped from 29.8 in 1981 to 23.4 last year.
RALPH A. OCON Sarasota, Fla.
The Carneys are a family of braggarts and brawlers, brought up by their father to battle one another but never to question his authority.
B1 Jannet Caban, the off-duty officer who was in a shootout with the fugitive Ralph Richardson, has been praised by police officials as a hero.
Mr. McPherson, a designer at Walker & Moody, an architectural concern in San Francisco, graduated from Cheshire Academy and the University of Hartford.
They recovered slightly, ending down 2 1/2 points for the day.
There were unconfirmed reports that the Government would impose strict censorship of newspapers starting Tuesday.
To the Editor: ''A Foreign Push for U.S.
Peter R. Kann, publisher and editorial director of The Wall Street Journal, has been named to the additional posts of president and chief operating officer of Dow Jones & Company, the parent organization.
In 1986 our reviewer, Rosellen Brown, praised the author's ''unique voice - a touch irritable, adorned almost affectionately with his characters' cliches, unsympathetic to pretension, quirkily independent in the face of received opinion.''
''By deserting the army and telling the whole world - as no one had ever done previously - about the atrocities committed by agents of the Mexican Government, Mr. Osorio Cruz broke his oath of obedience and became a traitor in the eyes of certain Mexican authorities by expressing his strong political disagreement,'' the appeal board wrote, explaining its ruling.
Contempt for Washington Thus, while Panamanians may have been intimidated by the extent of the violence, few were surprised by the vote fraud itself.
Sharing Their Fears Even the most optimistic of these children sometimes must weather bad moods, many of which are induced by medications or by a flare-up in their condition.
It was all very much in the manner of Mr. Gigli's fall collection, which had made him a fashion hero in March, only this time the earrings, made of Murano glass, were the size of chandeliers.
A particularly welcome benefit of the plan to make that door accessible to the handicapped is the fact that this entry will also now take on slightly more monumental grandeur.
The Princeton/Newport case has been closely watched in legal circles both because of the use of the racketeering statute in a securities fraud case and because much of the Government's evidence against Mr. Newberg is expected to be introduced later against Mr. Milken.
He's much smarter than all of us.
The two diplomats were not harmed during their detention, a State Department official said.
The recent Wimbledon victory by Boris Becker of West Germany, coupled with the withdrawal of the injured John McEnroe from the American team, meant that both Andre Agassi and Brad Gilbert would have to beat the West German No.
''Richard was a big advocate of young playwrights,'' said Bernie Jacobs, president of the Shubert Organization.
''I see more expanded part-time work for women lawyers,'' she continued, citing the 38 day-care centers the state operates for children of employees.
Marcin Swiecicki, the Minister for Foreign Trade and one of four Communists in the 22-member Solidarity-led Cabinet, told Mr. Mosbacher that Poland was ''determined to carry out a reasonable amount of privatization.''
The action against members of the old guard came as East Berlin and Bonn agreed today to lift all restrictions on travel by West Germans and West Berliners to East Germany as of Jan. 1.
THE setting is Snug Harbor's Newhouse Center for Contemporary Art, on Staten Island; the action is provided by the 14 artists contributing to ''Bridges and Boundaries.''
was handcuffed by a lack of witnesses in pursuing the DeBus matter further.
For second, she chose the boxer, Ch.
''While we are still primarily a business/conference hotel during the week, we are aggressively going after weekend customers,'' Mr. Reyes said.
Instead, the Cypress Fund proposes to buy back 30 percent of its shares, at 92 percent of net asset value.
His Notre Dame teams have won 22 straight games.
KANSAS CITY (AL) - Activated George Brett, first baseman, from the 21-day disabled list.
They dwell instead on the tax cuts that have already been put into effect.
What about providing arms to governments that face insurgencies?
Salute the Count,'' lists several Basie standards along with some of the specialty numbers that have become signature pieces for Mr. Gillespie.
Forced motherhood threatens the core of a woman's constitutionally valued autonomy in two distinct ways.
It is precisely to prevent this that the abortion rights cause has hired so many counselors.
* VS&A Communications Partners L.P., an affiliate of the investment banking firm Veronis, Suhler & Associates Inc., has acquired PJS Publications Inc., a magazine publisher.
''There's still a certain degree of skepticism because the work has been shrouded in secrecy, supposedly due to patents,'' complained Dr. Soures of Rochester.
''In practice, consolidation worked with existing customers, though new users were not attracted to the bank.''
They would include child care at home provided by relatives or friends.
Cofield, who will be 26 years old in May, stands 6 foot 2 inches and weighs 242 pounds.
Said Mr. Runkel, ''There are still some questions on the words.''
Mr. Courter and Mr. Florio agree that rates must be brought under control.
Holiday Inns is moving its 120 company-managed properties (the rest of the 1,400 Holiday Inns in the United States are franchises) back to A.T.&T.
But in France no such rational, peaceful avenue is open to the average citizen.
Meanwhile, it's back to the stage and, before long, off to America.
Berger, playing McEnroe for the first time, appeared to take command when McEnroe double-faulted twice in the fifth game of the final set.
The scientists did not actually discover a specific gene involved in the abnormal growth, but discovered a loss of material from a particular portion of chromosome 17 in the patients' cancer cells.
''It's what I grew up with,'' she said.
The alternative to badly run public enterprise is not necessarily privatization, but better administration with effective checks and balances against incompetence and malfeasance.
Foreign Minister Arens took the same line with Mr. Baker, Israeli officials said.
One notices how the narrative tells what the characters are feeling instead of dramatizing it (''I'm really sad, Thomas told himself as he pedaled along - really sad''), as well as how frantically these feelings get manipulated to match up with the plot.
Many details of the Hunts' settlements were disclosed in their reorganization plans, which were filed last week.
This often happens to cancer patients because the powerful chemicals used to kill the cancer tissue depress the blood forming system.
But if you see a guy fishing with the reel upside down, you know he's from New Jersey or Boston.''
Nonetheless, an outright cutoff was out of the question, because Mr. Bush promised last November - just four days before the election -that the quotas would be extended.
It is swarming with families from neighboring buildings who are escaping the bombardment.
Gannett, based in Washington, publishes 87 daily newspapers, including USA Today.
A canister, with two cats forming the handle, costs $70; large platters are $200.
''And when she's caught, she leaves home and works as an au pair and meets a 43-year-old man who is an intellectual.''
But his lawyer, Michael A. Marinaccio, said: ''The indictment was not unexpected.
But he then struck out Len Dykstra, bid good night to the Mets and then waved thanks to his legion of family and supporters in the stands.
* Sara Lee Corp., Chicago, completed the previously announced acquisition of Hygrade Food Products Corp. for $140 million from Hanson Industries, the U.S. arm of Hanson P.L.C.
Weirdness and eccentricity usually have something to do with it.
Congress's decision to drastically cut back on valuable benefits of the 1988 catastrophic-health insurance program generated cheers from the well-to-do elderly who opposed the law.
A New Yorker, returning to live in the city after years away, found himself unprepared for the visibility of poverty.
The two-day gain of 12.3 cents in the March contract represents a 9.7 percent increase in the contract's value.
Retrieving and reselling errant golf balls is a big business, one that has spawned dozens of companies that make contracts with club pros to harvest lost balls.
Most economists believe the Fed will wait for fresh statistics before making a policy move, but others are convinced that it has started to tighten monetary policy even more.
But his insistence that the U.S. never intended to invade Cuba, either before or during the crisis, flies in the face of the facts.
''We were not evaluating the people, just the jobs,'' said Colette Nemni, the York board's employee relations officer.
About the same amount was collected by the American Association of Blood Banks in Arlington, Va. A much smaller amount came from the Council of Community Blood Centers in Washington.
Miss Scheckter's mix of easy, offhand delivery and precise enunciation gives a sparkle to such Porter gems as ''Where Have You Been?,'' ''Dream Dancing'' and ''You're Sensational.''
Salomon Bros., too, wrote up the data on Time.
''With succulents, there is always something new to me, always a surprise,'' Mrs. Bancroft said.
Q. I take it that business is up this summer?
Arguments for such a committee cite the practical difficulty of getting good candidates without an organized effort.
* Freedom Newspapers Inc., Irvine, Calif., appointed Alan J.
''I wanted everything solved on a high note,'' he explained, ''but I realized it's not going to be like that anymore.
Dr. Antonia Novello, a pediatrician and an expert on AIDS in children, has been chosen to be the Bush Administration's nominee for Surgeon General of the United States, Administration officials said today.
The employee-owners may find that running the company may turn out to be more difficult than winning the bidding.
546,320 519,363 Warner Lambert Co 132,661 213,756 Washington Water Pwr 514,836 510,200 Waste Management 2,713,365 2,657,448 Waxman Industries 262,379 390,581 Weingarten Rlty Inv 118,110 92,213 Wellman, Inc. 273,117 175,471 Wells Fargo & Co 90,064 54,949 Wells Fargo Mtg Eq 348 14,869 West Company Inc 12,822 1,924 West Point-Pepperell 21,126 9,800 West Union Corp 1,148,103 1,228,478 Westinghouse Elec 620,671 437,710 Westvaco 31,380 54,872 Weyerhaeuser Co 544,920 864,209 Wheeling-Pitt 451,849 647,890 Whirlpool Corp 161,832 49,004 Whitman Corp 251,824 298,158 Willcox & Gibbs Inc 64,843 53,834 Williams Co's Inc 451,467 392,351 Windmere Corp 2,536,680 2,329,692 Winnebago Ind 104,272 34,824 Wisconsin Energy 477,868 520,767 Wisconsin Pub Svc 39,535 262,056 Woolworth Corp Hldg 126,968 169,014 Worldcorp, Inc. 32,296 15,316 WPL Holdings, Inc 45,505 170 Wstrn Co N Amer (New) 43,766 62,782 Wtrn Un $3.00 cl B 127,309 74,400 Wyle labs 167,075 366,128 Wyse Technology 279,397 218,014 Xerox Corp 359,183 514,238 Xtra Corp 314,825 337,296 Zenith Electronics 404,161 591,366 Zenith Labs, Inc. 1,280,449 1,323,483 Zenix Income Fund 122,311 None Zero Corp 9,558 22,780
He wrote a series of essays about Calcutta called ''The City Of Dreadful Night.''
I'd like to do a Broadway musical.
The boy seemed not to understand right away.
Mr. Ebersol said he had no agenda for change on ''Today.''
found in children with low to moderate levels of lead exposure is the sentinel for a much larger impact on populations: a quadrupling of the number of children with I.Q.
At that moment they would be sent instantly.
New Rules on Financial Awards Then the leaders of higher education decided to change the rules and make financial need the primary basis for financial aid, a policy that became firmly enshrined with the growth of Federal tuition assistance in the 1960's.
They move easily across cultures and through the history of art, and within their work build an artistic community that is international.
But private insurance companies follow the Government's lead in setting their own reimbursement rates, and many experts expect them to do so if the Government adopts these changes.
''That turn-of-the-century generation called the shots for the whole century.
I believe that is the value board members are speaking of.
Inside the athlete was a man struggling with issues of personal identity, race, religion, love and self-respect.
''I've got a lot of those guys in me,'' Tyson was saying now.
''Unfortunately,'' said Leonard, ''you can't have a bad night in a major fight.
The deal, valued at about $12 billion, would create one of the world's largest pharmaceutical companies.
She said a survey was being taken of residents to determine how many of them were 55 or over, and lawyers would be retained to see if an exemption could be obtained and children kept out of the complex.
Another potential reason for the cholesterol rise, Dr. Superko said, was that the decaffeination process may chemically alter the beans.
Most of the South players took action over a one-spade opening, judging that the six-six distribution compensated for a certain lack of high cards.
Forward-thinking chief executives know that crisis management must be practiced as a strict corporate discipline.
Anything less than a sow in season is, among truffle cognoscente, an inferior truffle.
Most people believe that any portion of the surplus not used to pay current Government expenses can be squirreled away for a rainy day.
A meal has a subtle cadence, like a play or a symphony, and when the timing is off, the whole production suffers.
Administration officials said other German suppliers of material to the plant included Preussag of Hannover.
The potential sampling error for smaller subgroups is larger.
Her father is the president of Elderworks, a foundation in Scarsdale that promotes productive retirement.
But in crime fiction, as in life, the serial killer seems here to stay.
Greg Walker, who works for a Chicago advertising agency, says he began coming to Wolf Lake three summers ago.
gently'' because she is an ''authorized'' biographer is false.
So opposing, or even playing at, negotiation, will be very costly for the Government.''
An American residing in Lausanne, Switzerland, who asked to remain anonymous, sent a check for $100.
Gone were the happy days of looking forward to a dinner party - a relaxed evening with friends, one night I wouldn't have to cook, a chance to dress at the last minute and go off with my lovely husband.
Finally, switching jobs has become the norm.
SHORT and long grain, polished white, natural brown, saffron yellow - Americans have become casual, even blase, about the variety of rice available at home and abroad.
After years of concentrating on keeping costs low and luring customers with constant rounds of sale prices, the large department and apparel stores increasingly see competent service from an efficient, cheerful sales staff as the key to success in an increasingly competitive retailing environment.
We have all the size and muscle we need.''
In effect, they have time bombs in their chests.
Still, attorneys and executives say that patent rights decided now will go far toward determining who can profit from the technology.
They will go into effect April 1, the same day that Japan's nationwide 3 percent consumption tax also begins.
Like television, it will provide entertainment, information and ideas.
Only the roof of our house is visible from the sidewalk, thanks to a thicket of woody vegetation just inside the fence.
It was the second rejection of a candidate put forth by Prime Minister Nikolai I. Ryzhkov in two days.
For this reason, a two-line conversation can be heard all over town.
For the Central Asian Jews, two factors are very important - family and religion.
If some new evidence unravels that story, or if it emerges that he or his aides had any connection to the withholding of documents from the Congressional investigation, the consequences could be serious.
With the help of Eduardo Sicangco's set and costume design, ''Max and Maxie'' conveys the theatrical atmosphere and the comedy of early vaudeville.
Margit Echols's ''Big Apple Circus,'' bottom, has a bear, a clown and other figures, some with movable limbs.
In a related development, President Bush announced this week that he would retain the housing department's chief internal investigator, Paul A. Adams, as inspector general despite criticism on Capitol Hill that he was not sufficiently aggressive in exposing wrongdoing at the department.
I was just being set up for something awful.
She was painted twice with her son by the late Richard O. Skemp, as a gift from their employees on the occasion of the company's 20th anniversary in 1983.
''We don't intend to discourage risk-taking.''
McCumber got to the green easily on this mild, warm day with little wind.
who unaggressively hang around the baseline and have what I call ''net fret.''
He still seemed dubious, and so I held up a score of the B Minor Mass.
The causes of Neptune's high winds are mysterious.
A Mother's Warnings Ignored ''My mom let me know how discouraging acting can be,'' Mr. Cryer said.
In wheat, the competition is mainly with nations in the European Community that heavily subsidize exports.
By ignoring this consensus among scientists, the article implies that it does not exist.
The Turbo Tax state module will also take numbers from the Federal form for use in the returns of 41 states, saving even more time and effort.
So I would argue we should be rational capitalists, not romantic capitalists, for the precise reason that on the margin that might have some effect.
How was Tim Burton seen and judged by his technicians and other associates on ''Batman''?
''When a psychopath in California went hunting schoolchildren.''
Finished products can be picked up in a week.
The book had been scheduled for publication this month, but the project was deferred because of the review.
''During the early 80's, there was a dramatic sensitization of people to these issues.''
The San Francisco AIDS patients are mostly gay men, and the researchers say they have insufficient data to say whether intravenous drug users and women with AIDS are doing as well.
Asked about that possible step, Kamin said, ''We haven't decided when or how or in what form that would be done.''
Now, we're issuing a penalty right at the start.''
Cost of a drink: $12.
WORK WORKSHOPS The American Association for Retired People is conducting an Employment Planning Pilot Program for mid-life and older individuals in the county.
They propose an expedition that would conclude with the renaming in honor of King George's birthday of an island in the chain once called by Marco Polo the Island of Our Outlawed Dreams.
The company said 1988 also included $3,000,000 reduction of net due to implementation of new accounting rules that required deferral of mortgage loan origination fee income and certain loan orgination costs, and the amortization of such fees and costs over the estimated lives of the related loans.
3.Using a potato masher, roughly break up the cod and the potatoes.
If the day is slightly warm, there will be a delicious scent in the air, akin to honey and apricots.
'Will Cause an Earthquake' Richard Wittington, an analyst with Kidder, Peabody Inc. in New York, said: ''This is the most important story'' in the international chip business in years.
Mr. Platt and his wife, Linda, have a son and a daughter.
That some New Yorkers are evidently prepared to pay $245,000 - the price of a two-bedroom co-op in Brooklyn Heights or a four-bedroom single-family home in Northern New Jersey - for 112 square feet of outdoor space in Manhattan says much about the No.
Three daughters, including a set of twins.
''We keep moving our projections up, but reality has always been worse than the projections,'' Mr. Takahashi said.
''These are macro ideas we have agreed upon,'' Ondrej Saling, a Central Committee secretary, told a news conference at the party headquarters in narrow Celetna Street.
So, like many others, my father went west.
''No, I'm not laughing,'' the judge replied.
For one thing, it doesn't last.
He was a reserve forward who specialized in defense and helped the Knicks win the 1973 title.
Both brought similar devastating rains.
But though he undergoes a number of humbling experiences in this fairy-tale ballet, the character never quite loses the swagger of a self-sufficient and good-looking young man.
The Antarctic remains menacing, with temperatures that drop to 40 below and killer winds of more than 100 miles per hour.
Let us consider this for a moment.
One ''rumor-mongerer'' wanted by the police was turned in by two shop assistants.
But believers are believers; the whole of the left today the authors label a ''fifth column,'' a monolithic apparatus that seeks to vilify the contras and exalt the Sandinistas and the Salvadoran rebels: this from disillusioned commentators who wish to bury the 60's.
''You don't need any of the worst chemicals,'' says Charles Benbrook, whose staff helped put together the report.
Discounts Would Drop The discount for evening calls would drop to 33 percent, from 35 percent off the rate charged if the call had been made during the day.
The square was strewn with rubbish and the burned-out remains of the encampment of the students who occupied the square until they were forced out by the soldiers.
But a recent resurgence of the independents has emboldened houses to publish books that lack the mass-market appeal favored by the chains, and enabled less overtly commercial books to become best sellers.
He has written on connections between philosophy and detective fiction in the Gettysburg Review.
I am excited - but also very cautious.
They tend to agree that radical change in the ownership structure is essential.
(A new novel titled ''East Is East,'' about a Japanese seaman who jumps ship off the coast of Georgia, is two-thirds complete.
While some people were sort of on the move toward the right during these last few years, they've now arrived where they were going.
And fewer screens will be available by midsummer because so many pictures will be holding on.''
Catwalk Catfighting For the catwalk photographers, fashion week means trench warfare.
After some looking, we come upon a few that still resemble the basic Cape Cod model, and Levitt traces the original outline for me.
The movie unravels in a series of commonplace scenes, each introduced by a dateline, ''San Francisco, October 1943,'' say, followed by a snippet of narrative.
and to other American companies.
Despite Gorbachev's rhetoric about the vitality of Communism, I believe that success for perestroika and glasnost are less likely than four alternative outcomes: * A protracted and inconclusive systemic crisis, lasting for more than a decade and periodically punctuated by outbreaks of social turbulence among the economically dissatisfied urban masses and, especially, the politically restless non-Russian peoples.
The slow pace is causing government officials and educators to fear there will be growing shortages of college teachers, scientists and many other professionals in coming years.
But the Senator, who is starting his third term, told Mr. Bush today that he wanted to remain in the Senate.
How long the British police will think it necessary to maintain extensive security arrangements for Mr. Rushdie, or whether he could afford to pay for private guards if the Government cuts them off or he decides to live in some other country, are unknown.
Inside, the structure is just as eclectic.
Replacements Named The Boston Company also announced that George W. Phillips, its chairman, would assume the additional title of chief executive.
Nevertheless, Thornburgh's most contentious personnel action has been his selection, in conjunction with the White House, of former Wayne County (Mich.) Executive William Lucas to head Justice's civil-rights division, perhaps the most politically sensititive and symbolic job in the department.
The amendment has great political appeal, according to Dwight Evans, a spokesman for the Tri-State Metro Naturists, who maintains a residence on the East End of Long Island.
But the company maintains that the layout is typical of European cars and is superior, Mr. Bennett said.
I am like the lily of the field, and I have no idea what I will do after I graduate in June.
But what should amaze us is, first, that we have this show in New York at all and, second, that it really does mark off, one by one, the domains in which Velazquez excelled.
''We are worried about the wide differentiation between contraceptive use on a regional level,'' he said.
The brunch menu also lists cold borsch with sour cream, and smoked fish sandwiches like Nova Scotia salmon and whitefish on toasted bialy with scallions, cream cheese and tomato, or sturgeon and salmon on pumpernickel.
Archbishop Tiran Nersoyan, a former Primate of the Diocese of the Armenian Apostolic Church of America, died of cancer early Friday at St. Luke's Hospital.
Now there are discrepancies, contradictions.
Attorney General Dick Thornburgh said today that enforcement of securities and commodity trading laws would be ''beefed up'' after reports of a widespread Federal inquiry into the Chicago commodity markets.
Although crises dominated public perceptions of his time in office, Mr. Carter is emerging as the best former President, partly because of his role in assessing Panama's election.
In fact, even though Mr. Koch will not be around to carry out most of the budget cuts he planned, two major rating services, which affect the ease with which the city can enter the financial markets, responded positively to his program.
There also were other anniversaries being celebrated: 100 years of the National Geographic (''Odyssey: The Art of Photography at National Geographic,'' Thomasson-Grant) and 40-odd years of Magnum photojournalism (''In Our Time: The World as Seen by Magnum Photographers,'' Norton).
* Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. named Harry P. Kamen executive vice president and general counsel.
With the new equipment they could probably make the company competitive, and if glass prices rise they will have more money to pay down debt.
He added that there is strong disagreement about how vigorously to conduct the screening, and that at the highest level it will be conducted by the chief of security, Qiao Shi, who has a reputation as a moderate inclined to compromise.
After Gilbert Johnson hit a 15-foot jumper, Matthews made both ends of a one-and-one.
Her mother, Katharine Thomas Bidwell of New York and Fishers Island, is the director of special projects for Lincoln Center and a former president of the Metropolitan Opera Guild.
Both ''Venice'' and ''Oxford,'' the works by which my slightly younger generation knew James Morris, who was born in 1926, were relished for their essentially masculine, though estheticized, adventure-story view of history.
''We were all very upset about this,'' said Gerri Wells, 34, a photographer.
''I've done parakeets in cages, too,'' she said, ''and I use a lot of fruit and little flowers.''
When every drive goes right down the middle of the fairway?
Look, there's Susan Minot, there's David Leavitt and Michael Chabon.
But with the inflationary threat not over, and the economy still operating at high rates of capacity and employment, it appears unlikely that the Fed will move immediately to bring down the dollar by cutting the interest rates it controls.
Pro-labor members are also involved in the debate, arguing that suspending cargo preference in the case of Poland would be an insult to union workers who have supported Polish workers since 1980.
Priced Based on U.S. Index The purchase price of Mount Laurel housing is based on a Federal index of median income.
On the other dates it is $849 for adults and $699 for each child.
Similar audits, by private firms that use more rigorous accounting methods than the Government does, have not been conducted at other agencies holding large Federal loans and loan guarantees.
To achieve a trade balance, America must either export more manufactured goods or replace imports with domestically made alternatives.
While a Columbia College student in the 1950's, Mr. Weiner organized a syndicate that invested in plays.
Now, she says, the fashion focus has shifted from tops to bottoms.
The language also includes the words ''and which, when taken as a whole, do not have serious literary, artistic, political or scientific value.''
''It seems that jumping out of bed and running around to do something is a risky moment that we should think about,'' said Dr. Andrew P. Selwyn of Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston.
Will he kick in the game?
The contractor testified that he paid for many of the expenses for two trips to Las Vegas that he made with Mr. MacDonald, their wives and others, lent a company car to Mr. MacDonald's daughter, Hope, and paid a $400 bill for her use of the car's telephone.
At stake were millions in profits for the arbitragers, standing against the F.D.I.C.
In the fall, 17,711 minority-group students attended private and public colleges in Connecticut.
Some USX officials and outsiders consider Mr. Corry's major weakness to be a lack of experience in dealing with unions and developing political alliances.
Mike Boddicker (12-9) shut out Detroit on three singles for five innings before tiring and getting relief help in the seventh as the Red Sox extended their longest winning streak of the year to seven games.
The Isle of Bryher, where the film was shot, is outstandingly picturesque.
Would the new charter allow waterfront property to be leased without the approval of elected officials?
The visitor can do the journey - about 215 miles - by rental car.
Most members who have been involved long enough point to their participation in the Presidential inauguration of Dwight D. Eisenhower as the highlight of their playing careers.
''I'm just not sure that everyone had a real understanding of the mechanical process of the voting because I see conflicting stories,'' he said.
The seasonal population gave way to permanent residents after the Garden State Parkway opened in the 1950's, but most of the jobs remained in the urban north.
And while the clothes looked simple from the front, the backs were always eye-opening.
The strikes took place against the backdrop of efforts in Warsaw by the recently elected Prime Minister, Gen. Czeslaw Kiszczak, to assemble a cabinet of ministers to run the executive branch of the Government.
The bank board has previously discussed the improvement in the figures but did not release the specifics until today.
One room showing life in the South - tenant farming, one-room school houses, segregated waiting rooms and drinking fountains - focuses on the reasons for going North.
Comes now an alarm system that makes more sense.
The pledge signing was organized by the Committee on Decent Unbiased Campaign Tactics, a nonpartisan group that has been monitoring campaign practices since 1982.
As for the park in front of the tunnel vents, he said that all testimony indicated ''it is a safe place .
''When it goes down another 10 degrees, I put my feet on a hammock and stay home,'' said Mr. LaFountaine.
Common Cause Spurs Action The Senate ethics committee turned its attention to the Lincoln case after the public affairs lobby Common Cause called for an investigation into whether the lawmakers violated Senate rules guiding ''dispensing of special favors'' by members.
When these two superstars are not present, the point becomes even clearer, as it did in the Sweden Chess Tournament, which concluded in early May in Haninge, a suburb of Stockholm.
Gold rose in London to a late bid price of $411.50 an ounce, up from $409.75 bid late Wednesday.
But one expert who has studied the redesign of publications says that is easier said than done.
Background and foreground are squeezed together.
Peace Kyalo, a 29-year-old pregnant mother of six children, consulted with the lawyers about how to reclaim her five children that she said her husband had taken to the residence of a religious sect.
Lacroix is the newest member of the inner core of the French ready-to-wear designers, the ones who most consistently are avant-garde in their directions.
The extraordinary charge in the latest quarter is from reversal of tax-loss carryforwards; extraordinary items in the year-ago quarter and in the 9 months in both years are gains from tax-loss carryforwards.
But Mr. Burke also noted that the level of bullishness was close to its highest level since the crash.
If a worker's family income falls below a certain level, the Government funnels him money by cutting his taxes.
Throughout the 1980's, Pepsico, which owns Frito-Lay, has aggressively expanded its snack-food businesses abroad.
Overall, said the beaming Mr. Bush, ''This has been historic.''
Nor can I summon enthusiasm for June Anderson's new Angel CD's of Bellini arias (CDC 7 47561 2) and arias and duets with Alfredo Kraus ''Live From the Paris Opera'' (CDC 7 49067 2).
Reputation Under Reagan As Education Secretary in the Reagan Administration for three years, Mr. Bennett gained a reputation for stirring controversy to make a point.
Upstairs is a room devoted to the story of the Amistad mutiny, told through pictures and sketches.
George Kerns, a spokesman for the Camden County Prosecutor, said results of laboratory tests performed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation would be released in 24 hours.
Orvis Company, Manchester, Vt. -three-day weekend or weekday sessions, April-August; $340 per person includes text, gear and lunches.
* Phelps Dodge Corp., Phoenix, a mining company, declared a special dividend of $10, payable Oct. 10, on common shares at the close of business on Sept. 20.
For the last three years, thanks to practices credited to Mr. Woodside, the museum, on Madison Avenue at 75th Street, once burdened, like nearly all nonprofit institutions, with a deficit, has had a modest surplus.
Heaven help us if we make a mistake or follow the rules of the road.
The Governors said that a recent estimate by Congress's General Accounting office put the cost at $130 billion.
It covers the period from May 1988 - when fierce fighting broke out in the north between the Government and the Somali National Movement, based on the Isaak clan - to March 1989.
Yesterday, Father Paschak, like Ukrainian Catholic priests elsewhere in New York and New Jersey, delivered a sermon that spoke for the first time in four decades of real hope that his people would again be able to pray openly.
Latest second-quarter and 6-month figures included results from Accuride Corp.
The Internal Revenue Service wants to trace United States citizens who have moved overseas and stopped filing an income tax return or have never filed.
The Chelsea Chamber Group is scheduled on Sept. 17, and the Melisande Trio on Sept. 24.
If programs are to be added without severe cuts in the military or some politically favored area like Social Security, taxes must go up, he said in an interview Friday.
Trains Two-Thirds Empty Reports from the Indian Ocean town of Port Elizabeth said black union members failed to show up at automobile assembly plants, and commuter trains ran more than two-thirds empty.
Mr. Marsh was sworn in on Jan. 30, 1981, making today his 2,923d day in office.
This flat-topped pyramid, constructed in phases between A.D. 900 and 1200, served as a platform for an imperial temple that faced a central plaza flanked by 20 or so other earthen structures.
That is a monthly increase in the average subscriber's cable bill of $2 to $4.
Panevino, in Avery Fisher Hall (formerly Allegro Cafe), an Italian restaurant open to the public for lunch and dinner daily (874-7000).
That is, not unless the typical investment banker was also the London-born son of a Russian prince and a grandson of John Jacob Astor, who is said to have been the wealthiest man in America when he went down with the Titanic.
Dave Stewart of Oakland and Joe Magrane of St. Louis have also won 18.
He said, 'It's one thing for me to write something in an early novel; it's another for you to have me read it in your documentary.'
''AIDS really tends to overshadow everything else at this point,'' said John Magisano, the acting president of the city's oldest and biggest gay Democratic club, Gay and Lesbian Independent Democrats.
And I feel slightly ill at ease.
Literary Day April 2 - Maxine Hong Kingston is a writer who lives in Honolulu, her creative world divided between East and West, as told in ''The Woman Warrior,'' which received a National Book Critics Circle Award in 1976, and ''China Men,'' winner of an American Book Award in 1981.
''It's a fact of life of the way business is done,'' he said.
''It happens not very often - love, patriotism, justice are the big romantic reasons.
''Most of the opportunities to jump on undervalued companies in the United States have been acted upon over the past five years,'' Mr. Brown said.
Recognition's stock fell $1.375 today, to $6.50, on the New York Stock Exchange, where its 17.5 percent decline was the day's worst.
Instead of lashing out jealously, she withdraws into a mood of regretful rumination.
The report had no effect on prices of fixed-income securities.
The marriage of Diana Stratton-Crooke, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James Stratton-Crooke of Scarsdale, N.Y., to Edmund Murphy Kelly, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Edmund J. Kelly of Scarsdale took place there yesterday at the Immaculate Heart of Mary Roman Catholic Church.
They're telling me to take a ride on their parkway, but they're not telling me what the tolls are or where the road is going to take me.''
Tokyo's Ninagawa Company imported a boldly theatrical version to the Edinburgh Festival last autumn, and Cheek by Jowl, an innovative London-based touring company, is currently performing the work in repertory with Sophocles' ''Philoctetes'' (another play about a desert island hero).
Mona also has a little trouble separating reality from fantasy, but then who doesn't.
Robinson, who died at Brotman Medical Center shortly after having been admitted, was suffering from Alzheimer's disease and diabetes.
The new center, housed in the Moscow Jewish Musical Theater on Taganskaya Square, is named for Solomon Mykhoels, a Soviet Jewish actor, cultural leader and chairman of the Jewish Anti-Fascist Committee, who was killed in 1948 during a Stalinist purge.
Mr. Linh swallowed a lot, friends say, but just before the Fifth Party Congress in March 1982, he disappeared from the Politburo.
And so, while none of the stories in the ''Confessions'' section are, by themselves, particularly memorable, they have a cumulative impact.
E. Gail Macandrew, a producer for public television, died of complications from diabetes on Friday at Winthrop-University Hospital in Mineola, L.I.
Constitutional Right to Secede The Soviet Constitution offers the union's constituent republics the theoretical right to secede, and nationalist leaders have said this could evolve as a logical option, considering the Baltics' history and the increased political freedoms promised under Mr. Gorbachev's perestroika program.
Lunch/dinner seven days, noon-10 P.M., bar to midnight; no charge cards.
He called the Athletics last December looking for a winter-league pitching job and they invited him to throw for them at the Coliseum.
''It's a dying trade,'' he lamented.
This morning, Chi Chi Rodriguez appeared on the practice tee wearing one of his wife's petticoats over his pants.
For new arrivals, Ladispoli is considered a good transit point because it is a summertime resort.
The guarantee might be limited to one year, and then renewed as the company maintains the dividend payments.
Although Mr. Heimann is of a generation for whom personal bookplates were not at all unusual, even in modest libraries, he hadn't thought of reviving them until he was working on television commercials in Australia and became friendly with two youngsters (he is a cinematographer and director, and Ms. Safir is a producer).
Since he refuses to pull the shade down to protect the window, is there a paint that would hold up better or will constant exposure to water cause any paint to peel?
If that is accepted by the Legislature, there will be a plan - a nonbinding plan.
The evolution of the typewriter, for example, is traced from an early, 19th-century model that looks like an intriguing piece of metal sculpture, to today's sleek lightweight portables that fit into an attache case.
West Germany signaled today that it was prepared to take a more flexible stance in its dispute with the Bush Administration over short-range nuclear missiles, as Bonn's Defense Minister arrived here for two days of talks on the issue.
''I'm glad I had money when I was young and pretty,'' she said.
Costs are kept relatively low by dividing them among participating museums, by subsidies drawn from dues paid by the organization's 600 member institutions and by grants like recent ones from the Lila Wallace-Reader's Digest Fund and the Knight Foundation.
But in fact, immediately after his release, he played a key role in organizing Nowa, the largest of more than 100 underground publishing houses bringing out the works of prominent writers and creating a network of illicit print shops and clandestine newspapers.
Signs of Change Another corporation that both owns and franchises properties, Trusthouse Forte Hotels, is also putting in effect new standards for its Travelodges.
Legislators from the Communist party and its allies, the Peasants and the Democrats, stood and applauded the result, while the Solidarity's members sat in silence.
''This year will tell the tale, but we look pretty good right now.''
While local governments are short of cash, the authorities acknowledge that there is another reason they issue white slips - because funds earmarked for grain are misappropriated and used for rural enterprises that bring in more cash for the locality.
The prize dishes at Tiger Bowl were entrees rather than appetizers.
3-1 Underdog On Thursday at a mock weigh-in here, when Camacho taunted Mancini, calling him ''Ray-ski'' and otherwise baiting him, Mancini looked at him from narrowed eyes and told him, ''You'll get yours, you'll get yours.''
''Like labeling on food, this will create a social awareness,'' he said.
Some people, who are apparently confident, trust in the motto: 'You can have it all.'
Others in the show are Brig.
Willful violations are the most serious issued by the safety agency and are based on a finding that the contractors knew that a dangerous condition violated safety standards and made no effort to correct it, Mr. Connors said.
That buggie was definitely in there when she bought it.
He said he was concerned about ''the premature discussion and disclosure - that means leaks - on this matter because I think you can jeopardize the case itself and perhaps the man's ability to get a fair hearing.''
The three-acre site, at 100th Street and Lewis Avenue, is part of the property that the city acquired years ago for a high school.
Write Bubeck Publishing, Post Office Box 104, Collegeville, Pa. 19426, or phone (215) 287-6356.
Both volumes are to be edited by Michael Korda, editor in chief of Simon & Schuster.
But most carriers are not ready to make a commitment to an expensive new technology.
suspended Gasser from competition and revoked her bronze medal in the 1,500 meters at the 1987 track world championships in Rome after urine tests showed traces of an illegal steroid.
For most, in recent years, it means a long trip back on the short end of the final score.
For example, he said, General Noriega might give up control of the Legislative Assembly if he could keep control of the presidency, or vice versa.
The Fund's staff has tentatively agreed to grant Venezuela about $450 of a total the country seeks from the Fund of $1.1 billion for this year and about $4.5 billion over three years.
Once, feigning a Carmen Miranda accent, she sang her introduction to the tune of ''La Cucaracha.''
The House ethics committee has begun a preliminary inquiry into Mr. Frank's hiring of Mr. Gobie, whom Mr. Frank once paid for a sexual encounter, as his aide and chauffeur.
This, however, was not a common experience, according to the black mayors who gathered in Oakland.
The bill, introduced by Senator Ernest F. Hollings, a South Carolina Democrat, and Senator John C. Danforth, a Missouri Republican, uses the Federal Government's broad powers to regulate the airwaves to make it much more difficult for candidates to run the sort of attack advertising that increasingly dominates political campaigns.
Age of certain systems such as a roof or heating plant can normally be determined, although remaining life may vary widely.
University officials in Frankfurt said they knew of no case in which a dissertation completed before the Nazi takeover was defended after the war.
But Greenberg says that the demand for angel-food cake can't compare with the demand for such temples of fat as cheesecake and chocolate mousse pie.
Although he said he viewed ''the Vaughan side'' as ''an isolated side dealing with specific accounts,'' like Jergens, he emphasized that Mr. Gargano ''is still in charge of everything that goes on here, creatively.''
In the newly important top-of-the-ankle length, it costs $560.
Keith Howell, a spokesman for the Federation of Saskatchewan Indian Nations in Regina, said he had heard rumors that unemployed Indians set some fires.
Her opponents say that more taxes are anticipated as well.
Moreover, Section 190 of the 1986 tax law allows deductions up to $35,000 a year for such modifications.
An Unending Cycle Of Rebirth and Decline Over the years, Clinton has stood as a metaphor for the cycles of rejuvenation and decline that have engulfed many neighborhoods.
10:30 A.M. to 6 P.M. Closed Thursdays.
''It looks pretty, but the contrast is what's most important.
Influence is the way the political system works, he says, and he intends to use it.
Later, there is a beautiful slow-section melody, and in the last section the ominous minor motive turns into a rather frivolous scherzo.
So I believe the legal process ought to run unfettered without you or me endangering the trial process that's going on right now.
Partners had until Friday, the first day of Andersen's new fiscal year, to approve or reject the revised partnership documents.
The final section (Chapters 75 to 82) ties up some loose ends of the attenuated plot and returns Colonel Vorotyntsev to pronounce damnation upon the entire high command.
A plant in Midland, Mich., which was intended to be a reactor when construction began, is undergoing such a conversion.
Mr. Vergari responded that a major investigation of the Westchester carting industry was being conducted by his office and Attorney General Robert Abrams, and that he has prosecuted prominent Republicans, most recently State Supreme Court Justice Anthony Ferraro, who was convicted for criminal solicitation.
Bakery windows are crammed with pink and yellow cakes; inside, customers take a tray and tongs, then choose - amid hanging pinatas, sacks of frijoles, industrial-sized cans of pickled jalapenos - from the various traditional shapes and sizes of sugary buns.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Medical Devices Qtr to Dec 31 1988 1987 Sales 1,512,000 1,402,000 Net inc 116,000 87,000 Share earns .05 .04 6mo sales 2,976,000 2,272,000 Net inc 256,000 160,000 Share earns .12 .08 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
City Councilman Zev Yaroslavsky, the only significant challenger to Mayor Tom Bradley, dropped out of the mayoral race today, saying he was discouraged by a poll indicating he had little chance of winning the election April 11.
Yes, Mr. Baker was saying the Bush Administration is not wildly happy with the Israelis.
Dr. Racaniello and two colleagues, Dr. Cathy Mendelsohn of Columbia and Dr. Eckard Wimmer of the State University of New York at Stony Brook, did the polio research.
I've seen conflicting statements coming out of Iran on this question, and my view is to make the statements unconflicting, and my view is to do nothing that will be seen as quid pro quo for hostages.
The league said the dance was not prohibited under league rules governing taunting on and off the field.
Tiepolo's painting, ''Rinaldo Enchanted by Armida'' (1742).
The United States is chiefly pressing for access to the rich Tokyo market for cellular and third-party mobile radio systems.
In her videotaped address, she discusses the mixed racial blood of many white Americans, pressuring all viewers to consider their response to blackness and whites to consider what it is like to live inside a black skin.
But by reducing by half the number of new housing units built annually in the city, which would be a result of the plan, according to one outside study, the proposals have also inspired the opposition of builders and housing advocates who argue that if anything, the city needs more, not less, housing.
An attempt to ruff all dummy's spades, combined with a diamond finesse, succeeds as the cards lie but runs into trouble if the trumps do not split evenly.
In a dissenting opinion, Justice John Paul Stevens said the ruling would ''subject large employers who seek to comply with the law by remedying past discrimination to a never-ending stream of litigation and potential liability.''
The 'Misuse of Power' What he told them about the causes of collapse in East Germany could apply equally well to Rumania.
Musing sadly on the Vendean Wars of the 1790's at a windy beachside creperie, Ms. Bridier said: ''The Declaration of Human Rights was a fine ideal.
The Jets had announced Sunday their plans to waive Bingham, but did not have to notify the National Football League officially until today.
Lately, however, her view has been less of land and more of houses.
Some 120-volt circuits do the same.
If ethical questions concerning top aides haunted the Reagan Administration, Mr. Bush made it plain today that even the appearance of wrongdoing was unacceptable.
''A lot of that paper shouldn't be carried at par,'' said James P. Heffernan, a partner of the Whitman, Heffernan, Rhein & Company, a New York investment partnership that has traded bonds and loans of so-called busted companies for 18 years.
Stalin was always with us, as well as Stalin's system and Stalin's type of leaders.''
Whatever the reason, companies that once heeded the ministry's every wish have now developed a sixth sense about when to cooperate and when to strike out on their own.
The Bulls saw their 14-point lead whittled to 97-92 with 1 minute 3 seconds left, with Terry Porter rallying Portland with 8 points during an 18-9 spurt.
The hot and humid days are not over yet.
In remembrance of her parents and her sister and brother, killed during the Holocaust in Poland on Aug. 19, 1942, Tonia Rotkopf Blair of Manhattan sent a contribution of $20 to The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund.
Devoted to the Academie Julian in Paris as it existed between 1868 and 1939, it is a veritable dictionary of curiosities, and one that comes with a catalogue that doubles as a short biography of Rodolphe Julian (1839-1907), the painter and draftsman who founded the school.
Stir in the cheese, correct seasoning, sprinkle with chives and serve.
''I'm not denying the fact that the pro-life cause has taken some body blows,'' Bishop O'Donnell said.
The incident has caused great concern among journalists in Moscow.
b-Included a net gain of $577,000 from the sale of real estate.
However, much of the meeting will be devoted less to immediate action than to laying a solid foundation for future activity.
The House bill includes a ban on testing the MIRACL laser and urges the Administration to negotiate a ban on all anti-satellite weapons.
documents show that in 1987, the 205-unit Houston project was promised nearly $18 million in Federal rent subsidies over 15 years.
Now I am not so sure.
Rice With Zucchini and Red Pepper 2 tablespoons butter 1/2 cup finely chopped onion 2 small zucchini, about 1/2 pound, cut into 1/4-inch cubes 1 small sweet red pepper, cut into 1/4-inch cubes Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste 1 teaspoon ground turmeric 1 cup converted rice 1 1/2 cups fresh or canned chicken broth 1 bay leaf.
Gambling was a man's personal business, and the ensuing fights were matters of honor between two men.
To date, there have been 19 land-based flight tests and 3 sea-based tests.
New tours to the small kingdom this year also will include visits to valleys where rhododendrons grow to the height of trees and treks to remote areas.
The young man arrived on the Massachusetts beach early carrying a portable radio, a shovel and an odd assortment of tools.
Jezzie, it seems, is the lover of Jacob Singer, played by Mr. Robbins.
The value of the redeemed credits last year exceeded $15 million, it said.
Factor of Residential Programs Drug-treatment professionals insist that the history of their programs demonstrates that fears about them are baseless.
While offering faint praise for Mr. Pierce, Secretary Kemp issued perhaps his harshest assessment to date of Mr. Pierce's eight-year tenure at the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
Terms such as ''fine-motor skills'' and ''fantasy play'' have become part of the standard vocabulary.
A1 The space shuttle rocketed into orbit and sent the Galileo spacecraft on its way for a planned six-year, 2.5-billion-mile journey to Jupiter.
The father's hatred for blacks, Jews and Catholics drew him toward the Ku Klux Klan, while his wife, a teacher and pious Methodist, worked for the N.A.A.C.P.
In 37 of the County's 54 fire districts, he said, the police serve as the dispatchers.
But, sir, will you pursue these allegations in the executive branch?
Polish Political Skirmish Citing a ''crisis of confidence,'' Lech Walesa urged two small parties aligned with the ruling Communists to defect and help form a Solidarity-led coalition Government.
1.Lightly rinse the chicken livers, drain thoroughly and separate the lobes.
Flushing a typical toilet uses 5 to 7 gallons.
The review process for a sale can be lengthy, and the industry contends that approval must come within a few weeks or the sale will be lost.
It is like the keening sound the moon makes sometimes, rising.
Mr. Young's own piece is one of his ''eternal'' electronic constructions -a continuous emission of carefully selected frequencies from loudspeakers at the perimeter of the space.
But since the farm crisis of the early 1980's, enrollment has fallen from about 120 students per session to 50.
The indictment of retail brokers was also wrong.
And a lot of what Bill Buckley wanted to say has not been represented in the American theater.
''People can stay all day, taste the wedding cakes, watch performances by the bands on VCR's, arrange for the impending name change with a representative from Social Security and a change of address with a Postal Service representative.''
Its advertising and marketing budget is $180 million.
And the person who comes most to life in these flashes is Billi's mother.
''This frenzied air of speculation doesn't help anybody,'' Mr. Bush said.
''I believe he has been targeted because he symbolizes the courage to rescue babies, and Atlanta has placed itself firmly on the side of the baby killers.''
The harmonic explorations of modern jazz converge in the playing of Stanley Cowell, a pianist who is making a rare New York appearance through Sunday at Fat Tuesday's (190 Third Avenue, at 17th Street).
Heather Covell Hawkins, a daughter of Walter E. Hawkins Jr. of Shreveport, La., and the late Gaynell Little Hawkins of Shreveport, was married yesterday to John Bruce Duncan, a son of J. Bruce Duncan of New Canaan, Conn., and the late Leila Hammond Duncan.
''That's getting close to tacky,'' conceded Barbara Aiello, president of the Kennebunk/Kennebunkport Chamber of Commerce.
If the order is not suspended, Judge Nadel will hold a hearing July 6 into Rose's request for a preliminary injunction.
There was nothing June could do.
But that has to be seen in the context of probabilities and those probabilities are very, very low.''
It also reminds us of more positive, less upsetting aspects of the national temper: the first walk in space, the arrival of the Beatles, Cassius Clay, now known as Muhammad Ali, winning the heavyweight boxing title at the age of 22.
Traders said that other bond issues suffering from depressed prices, although to a far lesser extent, were Circle K, Owens-Illinois, Harcourt Brace Jovanovich and even UAL.
The second is that they are taking forward positions in preparation for an attack against them.''
''These reserves are important to Colombia's future,'' Reyes explained.
A rule of thumb is that the procedure is more successful with younger, smaller trees and more expensive with older, larger trees.
She said she has become emotionally involved in the topics of each of her previous books, but eventually the involvement faded.
Larry Nance, a prolific rebounder, shot blocker and scorer, is recuperating from ankle surgery and doesn't figure to be ready until January.
John Thompson, the Georgetown coach, said of Jackson afterward: ''Greatness has an effect on other people.
He came to government after 15 years as president of the Washington-based Conservation Foundation, a think tank with a reputation for not ruffling feathers.
Nicaragua's shift makes pragmatic sense.
'' That sort of charm - a quality that begins on the surface but goes very deep - defines Ms. Haran's singing.
The more numerous residential treatment ''centers'' in the county also accept fire-setters, Dr. Swanson said, ''but they use their own critieria for determining risk.''
D1 Washington Talk A14 In the game of Sovietology, Washington is more than just another place for an emigre to blend in.
Purchases of services, which includes housing costs, rose $12.5 billion, compared with a $13 billion increase in July.
Less congested areas with adequate sewers and roads could also grow, though more compactly than they do now.
''There are grave concerns in Congress that the states' regulatory systems are simply not up to the challenge,'' said Representative James J. Florio, Democrat of New Jersey, in a recent speech.
Marianne Faithfull's concert on Sunday at the Church of St. Ann and the Holy Trinity in Brooklyn Heights had an aura of deja vu for anyone who heard the singer two years ago at the Bottom Line.
When political arguments become shouting matches, for some of my friends are very vocal about their politics, my only response is to look at them - and laugh.
For the year, the segment posted operating income of $475,000,000, up from $444,000,000 in 1987.
Unmasked, the clown turns out to be a beautiful woman.
Obesity and reduced levels of exercise appear more important.
What will they be willing to sacrifice by, say, 1995?
Victims suffering third-degree burns are sent to Paris or Kuwait for treatment because local hospitals cannot cope with such cases.
And they lost the game in the eighth when the Expos bunched three singles off Jeff Innis for the run.
Speakers also forecast that stepped-up inflation for a variety of goods would lead to a new wave of price-cutting among the nation's stores.
The spill began 20 miles southwest of here on March 24 when the 978-foot tanker Exxon Valdez, owned by the shipping subsidiary of Exxon Company, U.S.A. struck Bligh Reef - named for the notorious captain of the H.M.S.
By all rights, since the roads are private, town and postal officials say, postal carriers are under no obligation to deliver mail there except to a central location.
The former employee, Christopher Urda, sued Singer and the Link Flight Simulation Corporation last November, accusing the company of keeping two sets of books: one for internal purposes, which showed the true labor costs, and a second set of cost estimates, which were arbitrarily inflated to increase labor costs by about 10 percent.
The owners' committee consists of the co-chairmen, Wellington Mara of the Giants and Lamar Hunt of the Kansas City Chiefs, along with Art Modell of the Cleveland Browns, Ralph Wilson of the Buffalo Bills, Robert J. Parrins of the Green Bay Packers and Dan Rooney of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
The enemy is gone, so what do you do?''
Her father had known an elderly Politburo member, formerly a marshal in the People's Liberation Army during the civil war.
The third movement focuses on tiny tykes in orange leotards.
Now, as a senior citizen herself, the 66-year-old Ms. Bernstein has created a program in which able-bodied elderly people help those who are not.
''My mandate is to take that embryonic effort and turn it into a very successful group.''
The ethical issues may be considerably more difficult with the procedure known as fetal reduction than they are with fetal surgery.
Mr. Pettersson's criminal record includes a murder conviction for which he served three years in psychiatric care.
The toasters and the blenders were fine, but something else was needed to transform a gee-look-what-Aunt-Tillie-gave scenario into a more memorable event.
If we find them, we would arrest them.''
The movement toward a more entrepreneurial work place makes that task ever more important.
Tentative Conclusions The report and an accompanying editorial said the conclusions had to be considered tentative until further studies confirm the link between the drug and kidney disease.
But education programs, particularly in New York City, will likely suffer.
Tax collectors don't win many popularity contests, but the I.R.S.
On Sunday, Babbie Connett was on the deck of a 54-foot marine research vessel, the Geronimo, with students from St. George's Preparatory School in Newport, R.I.
Mr. Choquette, a mason for 22 years, said he would also fix a series of hairline cracks that have developed within the main fracture and in some other areas of the rock.
We're going to try and regain the power, toughness and explosiveness we had in the past.''
Less is known about Azan, who expressed a strong reluctance to discuss any aspect of Johnson's current status or answer questions about himself.
His borrowings from Russian and French experimental directors and choreographers of the 1920's, from Petipa's ballets and even Bournonville (''Tarantella'') are still not apparent to most.
''Jean Helion: Abstract Drawings of the 1930's'' remains on view at the Rachel Adler Gallery, 1018 Madison Avenue, at 79th Street, through April 1.
But some scholars say there are many differences.
Overhead a banner proclaimed: ''Chinese in Hong Kong and China should come together to fight for democracy to the end.''
This is because he designed the covers for the acclaimed Vintage International series, the first 15 titles of which were published three weeks ago.
Burkett, picked up in September after Walker and Al Toon were injured, has quickly grasped just what this Dolphins-Jets rivalry is all about.
''Now that Mark's here, I don't think they'll be any question about it once he gets comfortable,'' Thomas said.
The ''Final Solution'' in History, by Arno J. Mayer.
The play won a Pulitzer Prize, which appeared to be bestowed more in consolation than justification, Mr. Albee having been denied one for ''Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?''
The mortality rate is about 10 percent for diseases caused by meningococcus.
Mr. Mityunov explained, ''We decided, at least in the first stage, to use the elections to promote the Democratic Union and to show that the process itself is not democratic.''
Wearing rugged-looking sneakers, Barnett maintains, is a way of saying ''I'm tough.''
His attitude toward the region changed over the course of his life.
''But you'll have to dance yourself.''
''And he has on some unconscious level bought into that fact, even though consciously he realizes he is as good as anyone else.
''I treasure more than anything else I know that bond of trust which has been established over 47 years of my service to the people of this city,'' the Mayor said, ''and I want nothing to tarnish it, nothing to question it, nobody to doubt it.''
27,849 George Hudak,* D .
ST. PHILIP NERI CHURCH (Roman Catholic), 3025 Grand Concourse, Bronx.
Instead, it seems that the huge reduction in industrial unrest owed much to deep recession and a reshaping of the British economy in the early 1980's that swelled the unemployment rolls to more than three million, or 13 percent of the work force.
''People want what's new, and they've come up with some new ideas.''
Mrs. Caine was born 41 years ago in Guyana where her mother, a dressmaker, taught her about clothes.
He recorded the range of speech across three generations, and compared his findings with earlier linguistic surveys from the 1940's.
Going Beyond 911 The program, called Citizen Oriented Police Enforcement, or COPE, is being closely studied by law enforcement officials across the country, and parts of its approach have already been adapted by some departments.
In 1945 she was, theoretically speaking, one of the victors.
Uncleaned Railroad Car State and Federal investigators have determined that a railroad car previously used to transport barium carbonate was not cleaned properly before soybean hulls were loaded and shipped to a feed manufacturing plant in Shreveport, owned by the St. Louis-based Purina Mills, a subsidiary of BP America Inc.
People get sick because they are poor and they get even poorer as they get sicker and can't be that productive.''
An article on Wednesday about Federal lawsuits involving faulty asbestos removal included an erroneous report from the Environmental Protection Agency about two companies accused of violating demolition and renovation rules.
Mr. Osborne insists that this is not elitism but a simple fact of life.
Because the quality of the designs is exceeding expectations, Mr. Beylerian said the foundation was trying to come up with other merchandising concepts to raise money.
The Webster Precedent The Court was badly fractured in the Webster ruling, which upheld provisions of a Missouri law including a ban on abortions in public hospitals and clinics.
Jim Carter was second at 64.
''The expirations contributed to an initial upward movement in the Treasury cash market,'' Mr. Greenspan said.
In the early 1980's, the control of the State Senate shifted to a more pro-oil, pro-development majority rooted in the state Republican Party.
The players wore pads for one practice last week at their training facility at Santa Clara, Calif.
Four scientists at Genentech Inc., who used genetic engineering to produce the drug T.P.A., which is used to treat heart attack victims by dissolving clots in the blood vessels, have been named Inventors of the Year by Intellectual Property Owners Inc., a Washington-based association representing inventors.
It's getting your anger out at somebody.
Four thousand people from 48 countries attended the festival this year.
He cited a tradition that the Budget Director appears only before full committees of the House and Senate.
Separately, at Ford's annual meeting yesterday, Mr. Petersen said Federal fuel-efficiency standards based on corporate fleet averages were biased against companies that offered a full range of large cars.
The two spiritual guides - one to 850 million Catholics, the other to the Church of England and 70 million Anglicans worldwide - spoke hopefully of eventual reunification and of a cooperative spirit that they said had permeated their discussions here over the last four days.
At that price, the choice of a condominium townhouse in one of the least fashionable cities of the Northeast was easy, because in the case of Newark, Mr. Sosa said, fashion lags behind reality.
When he decided to run for the European Parliament, he organized publicity events, and even showed up in disguise at a news conference given by Carlos Solchaga, Mr. Boyer's successor as Economy Minister, and came away with an autograph dedicated to Jose Maria.
So it was that a Los Angeles computer executive, Elden Hughes, teamed up with officials in the Federal Bureau of Land Management in 1985 to try to save the boarded-up Union Pacific Railroad depot in Kelso, Calif. By then the Mojave Desert town, an iron ore producer with nearly 2,000 residents during World War II, had shriveled to two dozen hardy survivors.
The coalition issued the draft of a joint statement, and said ''our sincere efforts remain useless.''
Bernard Ros, who is organizing the cruise, is the owner of Cafe C., 310 West 58th Street; tickets can be picked up there.
Though discussions about keeping it alive, perhaps in other quarters, are being conducted, inside the darkened, silent premises at 123 West 43d Street, there was an eerie air of abandonment the other day.
He once successfully defended himself in court against a charge of stealing from a bookstore.
The Quota Club is now looking for sponsors to keep the police department well stocked with the stuffed animals.
Four pairs of African elephant tusks, two from adult elephants and two from juveniles, were removed yesterday by Sotheby's from an auction to be held tomorrow.
Drawing on his own experience with China's intricate politics, President Bush has tried judiciously to express sympathy for the students without appearing to exhort them.
During the high-debt years of 1980 to 1987, that rate improved to 2.38 percent a year.
In this tough and gritty town just across the Rio Grande from Brownsville, Tex., Central Americans continue to arrive daily, roaming the streets for food, shelter and work.
But twice so far Mr. Kean, while supporting him, has publicly taken exception to his positions.
Four of these five new books are called cookbooks, and they ought to be judged on their recipes as well as their information.
To pay for the I.R.A.
Although it has never been out of print in France, ''The Grizzly King'' - a story of two hunters who track a grizzly and a cub in British Columbia in 1885 - has been out of print in this country for more than 50 years.
The wild, wide-open game we played game after game just ran out.''
Although Mr. Wilson prefers life in television and finds it more civilized, he is still witness to behavior that makes him shake his head.
In June, Imre Nagy, hero of the uprising of 1956, is allowed a hero's reburial.
The standard operation is performed about 400,000 times each year in the United States to relieve increased frequency of urination and other symptoms due to non-cancerous enlargement of the gland.
''This is the state television network, not a private company,'' Mr. Brazauskas said, defending the decision to cancel the program.
''This year, it's been a non-issue.''
''All the time Marty is helping me out and telling you what you're doing wrong,'' Byrd said.
''They give a sense of mystery to the tower,'' said Mark Cagle, a theater-arts sophomore from Brownfield, Tex.
Such auctions, he added, would provide the Polish Treasury with badly neded funds.
Our academic composers would be bored doing music of the simple nature required for amateur choirs.''
''It seemed like he had a little trouble handling the race track down the backstretch,'' said McGaughey.
The poll also indicated that fewer than 1 percent of the depositors said they had already withdrawn their money because of the savings crisis.
''He's 63 years old,'' Detective Nordt said, ''the lineup couldn't have had four 16-year-olds and a 63-year-old.
But in combination with other factors, they have hindered the development of a general Asian political consciousness that encourages candidates to step forward.
The stands began to fill with patrons who had just stocked up at the adjacent food concession, a stand that sells beverages in aluminum cans to spectators about to enter an arena composed of aluminum stands.
''The concentration of AIDS patients in a few hospitals is threatening to overwhelm these providers financially and limit their ability to treat other patients,'' Mr. Andrulis said.
''Any time we changed in the past came after a series or coming into a home stand,'' Mattingly said.
Airbus said in a statement that the financial director would be responsible for insuring full and open accounts in the group, forcing the Airbus partners to divulge their costs.
His last opponent was Saoul Mamby, who stopped de Jesus in the 13th round for the W.B.C.
Spassky gave up the exchange with 41 Rc6 dc to deprive Kasparov of his crushing central pawn phalanx.
How long will you keep up your full-scale pursuit?
But the Stroock team tracked down at least $10 million in Swiss bank accounts, $10 million more in French villas, chateaux and apartments, and some condominiums in Monte Carlo.
Then I heard the crackle of shoes on needles, and braced myself for the sight of a nightstick.
He had a 1987-1988 streak of 211 passes without an interception, second best in league history behind Bart Starr's 294.
But a double-fault at 40-30 in the next game cost him dearly.
Her lawyer, Lonn E. Berney, said there would be a news conference today.
No charges were filed against the 23-year-old owner and operator of the 18-foot fiberglass motorboat, William Cannon, who suffered cuts in the crash and was in shock.
Briarcliff Manor, N.Y. $372,000 22 Hyatt Road 4-bedroom, 3-bath, 38-year-old ranch; 20-foot-deck, 1 acre; taxes $6,290.
Steel buyers say they have seen regular price increases over the last year and add that they will try to pass those costs on to customers.
When New Yorkers think of bed-and-breakfasts, they might imagine a New England farmhouse in the woods or a European cottage by the sea.
Mr. Pennington said the tank problem posed no danger to the astronauts.
The commission is scheduled to end early next year.
THEY call it a game.
Mr. Runkel acknowledged on Friday that the Government was ''in a rush'' to bring charges against General Noriega and had failed to review relevant national security documents.
The networks have cut back on their artillery for the sweep month of November, because of costs and a drastically changed television environment.
Simpson broke a 1-1 tie when he fired a slap shot from the top of the left faceoff circle between Ron Hextall's pads at 13:07 of the final period.
fixed-weighted price index 5.0 *G.N.P.
The daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James Robert Moffett of New Orleans, the bride-to-be attended the American School in Lugano, Switzerland, and graduated from the University of Texas.
Imelda Marcos has released her first record album, on which she sings her husband's favorite love songs.
Catherine Murphy Lennon, Weinberg Inc. 580 Broadway (near Prince Street) Through Dec. 22 As to what it means to live in an American house, neither small nor large, somewhere in the leafy, unthreatening and slightly suburban American Northeast, Catherine Murphy is one of our best guides.
For example, his office is reported to be battling with a clinic that wants to build extra floors that would overlook the compound in which Mr. Li lives and works, and his staff says this would be a security risk.
The nine-minute dance places the four men in a small confining square where they bend, tilt and perform typical lawyers' gestures and other autobiographical gestures, spoken phrases and even screams suggested by the events and emotions in their own lives and in the life of Ms. Carlson.
Jack Barbanel, the former head of futures trading at Gruntal & Company who now runs a money-management firm in Princeton, N.J., said the change would make executing a big order ''a much fairer project.''
In those days, 1973 B.B.
Now, the day after the worst storm to hit the area in decades, the entire community is littered with downed trees -80-foot oaks, pines, white maples, locusts, magnolias, dogwoods.
As a result, the number of libel suits filed has begun to decline, several press organizations report.
City Council President Andrew J. Stein sent a $100 gift.
A blood sampling at Bronx-Lebanon last spring found that 79 of 283 alcohol-detoxification patients carried antibodies to the AIDS virus, a rate of 27 percent.
Mr. Hiss was convicted in 1950 of lying under oath and sentenced to five years in prison.
Officially, the department refused comment other than to report that an investigation of the incident was under way.
Admission is $2, parking is free and the ground floor of the restored Twain house-museum will be open free of charge from 5 to 6 P.M.
The general's regime today decreed that it would not permit any protests while the O.A.S.
A picture last Sunday with an article about the United Nations' special representative for Namibia was captioned erroneously by The Associated Press and published in error as a result.
In the United States, he added, ''where the cost is $1,800 an hour to rent a Lear jet, we have put aerial medical transportation out of the range of most people who need it.''
This could hamper the effectiveness of the lobbying group, which operates behind the scenes to recruit support for Israel, the largest recipient of United States aid with $3 billion annually, and to oppose weapons sales to Arab countries.
''Anything of the type mentioned in the press has no substance and will be resisted accordingly.''
''Americans created this industry,'' he said yesterday.
President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt removed his powerful, pro-American Defense Minister, Field Marshal Abdel Halim Abu Ghazala, today and appointed him presidential assistant in a move that perplexed many Egyptians.
Throughout the book, the illustrations correspond to this sort of fantasizing, with some pretty hilarious and expansive results.
Two passengers, Ken Fraser, 62, of Pelee Island, and Charles Russell Ransom, 28, or Harrow, Ontario, died in the wreck.
As Mr. Szantyr put it: ''This is more fun than I ever imagined.
''You want to be sure there is no cutting of corners, no risk to the mother, no encouragement to have an abortion.''
The officials, Treasury Secretary Nicholas F. Brady and Richard Breeden, the chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, appeared to be trying to reinvigorate proposals for change in the markets made after the crash in October 1987.
The most objectionable feature of the evening, however, was also a technological one.
Carlyle has made takeover offers for a number of companies in recent years and bought Oakite Products Inc., a New Jersey chemical company last year.
''Services should be provided where the patients are.
Officials of the school say that the policy has never been challenged in court and that similar policies have been upheld in several court cases.
House Democratic leaders chose Representative Jack Brooks to introduce a resolution today deploring the Supreme Court ruling, and Mr. Foley noted that he was ''a Marine Corps combat veteran.''
And you see it in all its magnetic mystery whenever Frederica von Stade steps onto a stage.
''Rebecca always carried this glass when she walked in Teatown Woods, a reservation near her home set aside by her neighbors to preserve a beautiful bit of primeval woodland.''
And Jim Ringo's knee was blown out two years ago, while he was coaching the Bills, when a player hurtled into the area on the opening kickoff.
But he held open the possibility that he might entice them with something sure to stir dread in those who worry about the blurring line between advertising and entertainment.
As we are initiated into the day-to-day rhythms of this ingrown Parsi community (the weekly religious rituals performed by the devout, as well as the daily squabbles and exchanges that take place between neighbors), we slowly get to know all the building's residents: the local curmudgeon, who secretly covets his wife's cleaning woman; the fat Najamai, who ingratiates herself with others by giving them access to her precious refrigerator; Jacqueline, a superstitious maid, whose sexual fantasies produce a real-life ghost, and a couple who sublet a room in an apartment and soon succeed in making life miserable for everyone in Firozsha Baag.
The grand jury investigation of steroid use in the school's athletic department was prompted by disclosures by Tommy Chaikin, a former Gamecock football player, in an article in Sports Illustrated last fall.
Should the Transportation Department be looking into the financing plans of an airline?
Mr. Umewaka delivered the title characters' few chanted lines himself, from behind his mask; but Miyako, who was portrayed by Koichi Okada, had more florid music, which was provided by a vocal stand-in, Toshiko Matsudaira, a soprano.
* Tom Monroe has been named chairman and chief creative officer and Mike Rawlings general manager and chief operating officer of the Dallas office of Tracy-Locke Inc.
As a result, today we might not have the intricate and beautiful passages of toe steps in the ballets of George Balanchine, Antony Tudor or Sir Frederick Ashton.
The report warned, however, that future developments, including more weapon testing, might change that.
The purchasing power of the maximum grant, which covered 46 percent of average college costs in 1979, covers only 29 percent of those costs today.
I think Poulenc was after something more graphic, and that Blanche's final triumph (if that is what it is; the conclusion of this opera is deeply ambiguous) was too easily achieved in Ms. Norderval's portrayal.
Mr. Hasselmann fails to mention those instances in which banks, such as Citibank, issue multiple credit cards and credit lines, as many as five or more, to one person.
The choices are wide, with the most basic being the type of log to be used.
Mr. Crawford points out, speaking particularly of newer regional companies, ''The stars are needed to sell subscriptions and dress up what otherwise might be rather drab offerings.
As the committee continued to deliberate in private, Mr. Wright and his supporters have organized a quiet damage-control operation, holding meetings with senior Democrats in Congress and other prominent Democrats, such as Jack Valenti, president and chief executive officer of the Motion Picture Assocation of America.
After lobbying by university officials, $38 million was restored.
At a briefing in Manhattan, Mr. Ehrenhalt said the region's economy lost momentum and took a clear break from the past during the first 10 months of 1988, according to statistics his department collected.
asked Mr. Feinberg, the executive vice president of Gannett Transit, which is owned by the Gannett Company, the media giant.
There is perhaps no more enduring image of the Asbury Park of the 1980's than the juxtaposition of the once-grand Casino, a copper-trimmed palace of amusements; a green stucco Fun House proclaiming ''tunnel of love'' and adorned with a grinning, nerdish face, and a chaotic assortment of cheap motels, X-rated movie parlors, candy shops and centers for the elderly.
We have tried to heal the wounds both on our ship and within ourselves.
And the network has a new arrangement that brings in more money.
The Lottery Commission took calls from as far away as West Germany in appeals for tickets.
4, three Hungarian Dances; CD, cassette).
The cramped layout has produced another exception: on the barge, inmates get their commissary goods delivered to them, rather than having to go to a window and stand in line.
Gibraltar Financial complained that the seizures were unjustified because the institutions remained technically solvent.
Even though the finished-goods index had been expected to show a modest increase, some economists remained concerned about the core inflation.
But while an engraver was preparing to add the name on the marble, a reporter for The Associated Press who had searched in vain for war comrades of Mr. Fife told Mrs. Fife that her husband had lied.
Signed and numbered by Mr. Lofthouse, who will make just 20, the chairs cost $5,360 each.
He declared himself emperor of all China in 221 B.C.
The American League has lucked out because its lopsided schedule, caused by 14 teams, includes more games outside the division, 84, than within, 78.
''The perception of the American public that Japan is a potential threat to the well-being of the United States is alarming and problematic,'' said Koji Tsuruoka, a first secretary in the embassy's political section.
''There was a vote of punishment by people fed up with the Government.
In fact, the group disbanded after 10 years.
However, other material remained in the territory that had been occupied by Jordan, and was given over to an ''interconfessional committee'' of Roman Catholic and Protestant scholars, from which Jewish scholars, despite superior expertise in the subject, were excluded.
In June, the workshop is scheduled to move from its quarters on Mulberry Street to a larger space near the Brooklyn Academy of Music, and to help defray expenses, an auction of glasswork will be held at Christie's.
Bard Inc. to halt shipment of a catheter caused sharp movements today in the stock of Bard and a principal competitor, Sci-Med Life Systems, Bard's shares fell $1.50, to $20, on the New York Stock Exchange, with more than two million shares trading.
The United States saw Motorola's complaint as an example of Japanese bureaucratic pettiness, another case in which Japan has made a show of allowing American competitors into the country while keeping them out of the most lucrative markets.
After 12 ... Nb8, the threat of 13 ... Nd5!
Indeed, Black's drawing chances do not look good after 19 .
Indeed, according to the investment banker, Mr. Bass was stunned to learn on Monday that Airlie was using his name in connection with a possible bid by Pan Am for NWA.
Crack, residents say, is posing a mortal threat to the neighborhood's fragile stability.
He later collaborated with popular composers, including Hoagy Carmichael, Richard Whiting, Gerald Marks, Irving Caesar and Burton Lane.
It is a philosophy, a way of life, and thus is dead serious.
We believe that the conclusion of a framework or umbrella convention on climate change to set out general principles or guidelines is urgently required.
Built in 1855 as the main house of the 300-acre farm, the Hopper House was partly rebuilt in 1890 after a fire destroyed one wing and part of the roof.
'Sweeps Are Red Herrings' So far, this winter has claimed one victim in a city park.
There is also resentment - fanned, many residents say, by a group of about 20 radicals usually known in the community as ''anarchists'' -which has focused on the Christadora, a 16-story, long-empty settlement house last used as a city welfare office, that has been turned into condominiums.
Monsignor O'Brien is credited with spreading the word of the therapeutic community with almost evangelical zeal.
I am inclined to believe that the second course is being followed: the Government wants to stop the high rate of inflation or put it under control, while pushing liberalization as fast as feasible.
About 85 percent of his patients are wives of Japanese businessmen.
Israel refuses to talk with the P.L.O., and many Arabs say the United States may prove neither willing nor able to persuade the Israelis to change their minds.
The point is not 'offending' people.
Betty Woodman was invited several years ago to work in the experimental studios at the Sevres factory in France in a program that has been shared by such notable ceramics artists as Viola Frey and Adrian Saxe.
The International Committee today appealed for medical supplies, blood and medical workers, but emphasized that all offers should go through national Red Cross societies.
The single case history he uses to tie his book together, however - the Colliers, a dual-career couple on Manhattan's Upper West Side who realize that they must change their lives - makes concrete, compelling argument in itself.
A hurricane last fall slashed coffee production by an estimated 50 percent or more and could cut export earnings by more than $100 million.
One floor of the headquarters, which is in an Albany brownstone, was used for offices a year ago.
These things usually solve themselves.''
After all, we each have an old T-shirt that feels best when we're tired or upset.''
The income from the $250 a person price tag will be shared by the Bob Fosse Theater Scholarship and the Writers Theater.
And as protection against the cold, it was first commonly made of sealskin.
To the Editor: Re ''The Zest of the Uninteresting,'' [ April 23 ] , about John Cage: There is no 1951 John Cage manifesto titled ''Silence''; that is, however, the title of a book published not in 1987, as your writer has it, but in 1961.
American officials had warned that unless Liberia tended to its obligations, the unique bonds between the two countries would be strained and aid severed.
He said the chapter is considered closed and students must find other housing.
The war against wrinkles and sagging skin is fought by those who look as if they still dip into the Clearasil.
Justice Rubin, who serves primarily in White Plains, was 76 years old on May 9.
James Thoma was the percussionist in the Heiss work, and Mr. Amlin played the piano part in his own score.
The United States Customs Service has put teeth into these agreements by aggressively enforcing the 1934 National Stolen Property Act.
The Government already bans imports of fully automatic weapons, which fire a stream of bullets as long as the trigger is pressed.
''Some of these people are more agents than curators,'' says Klaus Ottmann, a former independent curator who recently signed on as curator of exhibitions at Wesleyan University's Art Gallery.
''Have you ever jammed your thumb and have it swell up in the joint?''
Further, it will be described in radio public service announcements later this year or in 1990.
China was granted observer status in GATT in the early 1980s.
If you dwell on that, you'll be 0 for 9.''
Mr. Byrne recently completed a one-hour documentary on the Afro-Brazilian religion Candomble to be shown this season on the ''Alive From Off Center'' public-television series.
The board clearly intended its comprehensive study, which produced a report that is not yet finished but in the current draft runs to 200 pages, to dramatize what most members viewed as the urgency of the need for change.
Ms. Kesner accepted the offer.
Seeking its second trip to the Stanley Cup championship series, Calgary is 9-0-1 against Chicago since last losing to the Blackhawks on Feb. 23, 1986.
New Life, New Name NBC had high hopes for ''Tattinger's,'' a dramatic series from the production team responsible for ''St.
Mr. Kravat does not remember sitting by the radio on New Year's Eve when he was a boy growing up in the Bronx, listening to Guy Lombardo and his Royal Canadians.
Since then, Turner Broadcasting grew from a station known mostly for its programming of reruns and Braves games to a media power that includes CNN, Headline News, the new TNT network and the MGM film library.
George Bell's two-run single off Thurmond made it 4-2 in the seventh.
In 1969, they paid $199,000 for the place, which has changed hands a number of times since the Washington family sold it in 1774.
Divide those enormous factories with 1,000 to 2,000 students into smaller schools-within-schools, or ''houses.''
One time, absolutely by chance, of course, we arrived at the very beginning of a war film.
At a news conference this afternoon, Holtz said that his reference to ''living a lie'' was a response to an angry Colorado reaction early this week to disparaging comments attributed to - then denied by - the Irish quarterback, Tony Rice.
The police said there was no apparent motive for the shooting.
Over the two years a growing roster of public officials and other groups, including the Anti-Defamation League, have been pressing the Army to review Mr. Rubitsky's case.
We arrived at the restaurant a bit early and watched as a farmer began plowing under a field of squash next door.
The interplay between Donissan, once a poor student and now a priest who gravely doubts his own ability, and the more knowing Menou-Segrais immediately establishes the moral and theological debate that rages throughout the film.
The race was moved to this Dolomite resort from Val d'Isere because of lack of snow in the French resort.
The guest artist at Merryall next Saturday will be the pianist Marian Hahn, who has become increasingly popular as a recitalist and chamber musician since she won the Litchfield-based Simone Belsky music competition in 1967.
Black colleges ''are heavily dependent on funds from white sources,'' said Christopher Edley Sr., president of the United Negro College Fund, which supports 42 black colleges, including Spelman.
The sleek industrial materials and objects and simple repeating compositions used by Judd, Flavin and Sol LeWitt continue to be deployed by countless sculptors, both abstract and appropriationist.
William Jones, a spokesman for Philadelphia Electric, said the company was pleased with the Federal report and was confident it could quickly correct the remaining problems.
A missing University of Tennessee student who was thought to be the victim of foul play was found unharmed in Central Park, the police said yesterday.
Both actors handle farce with deceptive ease.
From there, they either move directly to market as frozen fish or to a port such as Bangkok for canning.
Let's not, as Janet Malcolm did - while describing all journalism as ''morally indefensible'' - consider this man as an abstraction, as a ''subject'' suitable for reflections on journalist-subject relations.
Bob Milacki (5-8), the winner, gave up 3 runs on 5 hits in 7-plus innings.
In Angola officials appear to allow almost anyone with a serious-looking credential to accompany departing passengers or await arrivals at the door of the plane.
The embassy sent its cars, paid their bills and put them up at the ambassador's residence.
At the same time, however, researchers who seek Government grants face an increasingly complex web of social and ethical issues, as well as political opposition from those who mistrust the direction of science.
Tosteson, hearing of this, came to McLean's and, at a meeting attended by some 150 staff members, presented his views.
The Turkish-born Londoner's feral-looking trousers and evening dresses, and his embroidered tops, have spawned a wealth of imitations.
New York State Medical Care Facilities Finance Agency, $150 million of revenue bonds for North General Hospital.
The 36-voice ensemble, which is directed by Stanley Sperber, sang a program of mostly sacred settings and folk music on Sunday evening at Merkin Concert Hall, as part of a North American tour.
''Anybody who's healthy is home,'' Thompson said.
In a state where half the population depends on wells for water, a growing number of local and county officials say that underground sources of water are not protected.
But the final step of replacing aluminum-reinforced latch locking mechanisms with steel ones has not yet been completed throughout the fleet.
''The Congress enacted no new bold initiatives in public policy,'' said Mr. Michel, who is the House minority leader.
10 13 15 LEGENDS, LIES, AND CHERISHED MYTHS OF AMERICAN HISTORY, by Richard Shenkman.
Howard E. Heiss, deputy chief in the criminal division of the United States Attorney's office, told Judge Charles S. Haight Jr. in a letter that there was ''an overriding public interest'' in having the facts weighed by a jury.
But the 9-member Politburo, which was chosen and announced late at night, included 6 of the former members of the old 13-member Politburo.
The rarity of these can also raise the price.
* SFFed Corp., San Francisco, a bank holding company, said Paul Weinberg was named executive vice president and chief financial officer, replacing John Parker, who resigned.
In none of Rome's four phases covered in the books - papal, monarchical, Fascist and republican - has Rome offered unalloyed pleasure or an escape from reality.
Miles was stubbornly continuing until 30 Rc8 showed him that 30 .
''The Left Hand of Darkness,'' by Ursula K. Le Guin, is a novel that takes full advantage of the freedom that far-future science fiction offers.
But the indictment last week of a former special adviser to the Mayor, Joseph DeVincenzo, on 11 counts of perjury in an investigation of a city job-referral program has once again focused attention on the administration's mistakes.
Still more bigoted northerners insist that Africa begins just north of Rome.
Her minimal idiom in two solos defines her as a member of the contemporary generation.
The budget office's six-page bulletin is a monument to the complexity and confusion of the Government's fiscal housekeeping.
''I thought maybe the Montreal papers would carry a small story, which would have been fine.''
Secretary of State James A. Baker 3d said today that the Bush Administration was increasingly concerned about China's political crisis.
Lincoln Kirstein announced yesterday that he would retire on Nov. 1 as the New York City Ballet's general director and as the president of the School of American Ballet.
Why not reproduce an ''offensive'' Mapplethorpe for your readers to judge for themselves, or is the problem the motto on your front page, which reads ''All the News That's Fit to Print''?
These laws limit, usually to two, the number of offices an optometrist can own or operate; they prohibit optometrists from working in malls and in other commercial locations; they forbid optometrists to operate under corporate names and also from working for people who are not optometrists and for corporations.
The most important gauge will be whether the trials of former Prime Minister Andreas Papandreou and associates on corruption charges can convince Greeks that their leaders are no longer above the law.
The left guard is Mike Haight, the 1986 top draft pick, who may finally have found his spot.
Nonetheless, the bank report expressed fears that the American budget deficit would significantly exceed the Gramm-Rudman target as it has in previous years.
A theater and cafeteria are also planned for next year.
In all, about 145 million barrels of oil entered last year, mostly from Alaska, headed for nearby refineries here in the industrial underbelly of Los Angeles.
playoffs - the most it has ever had in post-season play - may only have one this time.
Instead of reassuring genre pieces with predictable outlines, the music was rich and amorphous and unmoored.
The three wineries that form the Hermann Vintners Association sponsor the event, and visitors are urged to wear their best ''German-related dress.''
The researchers noted that while helmets have long been recommended for cyclists, there has been little reliable data to date to demonstrate their effectiveness in averting injury.
Credit cards: All major cards.
Some Nets Are Wider When Mr. Dinkins described corruption under the Koch administration, he cast a wide net, including in his tally even dishonest city restaurant inspectors.
''Clearly significant cuts in the industry have already been experienced,'' he said, ''but we have had increases in other areas that have balanced off the losses.''
Hundreds of people walked around, gawked at, admired and stroked the long-horned whip-tailed bull, the image of a surging market in the lore of high finance.
Open-Door Policy Therein lies the problem for the Communists.
The toilet is in its own small room; but why such a luxurious operation pinches pennies and buys flimsy plastic toilet seats is a mystery.
''We have been highly responsive to many concerns of the Community Board,'' Mr. Selver said.
Japanese inro are available in great numbers, as was seen at Sotheby's Japanese art sale in New York on Dec. 9.
''In terms of intrinsic value, lingerie is sensational,'' said Neal Hochman, the president of Sandra Hochman Designs Inc., which produces intimate apparel under four labels: Christian Dior, Carole Hochman, Sara Beth and Bordeaux.
''South Jersey is so lovely this time of the year.
Is Utz finally (and ironically, of course) a champion of spiritual freedom in the mode of traditional Czechoslovak indirection?
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* MGI Properties (NYSE) Qtr to May 31 1989 1988 Net inc 2,025,000 2,403,000 Share earns .21 .31 Shares outst 9,425,062 7,723,192 6mo rev 4,166,000 4,962,000 Share earns .45 .64 Shares outst 9,229,160 7,722,471 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
These eight programs have generated repertory that has ranged from Schoenberg to Walton and Varese to Dukas.
B1 The overcrowded health-care system could cause New Yorkers to lose access to services unless it is expanded to deal with the AIDS epidemic, a mayoral task force warned.
We statehooders are tired of having a relationship based on handouts from Federal agencies and charity from Congress.
But analysts and Hyundai executives and dealers say that the company's problems are not irreversible and that it is not unusual for importers to suffer growing pains as they move beyond the introduction of their first car.
The Economy The five S.E.C.
Mirele, whose fragile charm is portrayed by Emily Loesser, is sold to a gypsy (Avery Saltzman) with the voice of Marlon Brando in ''The Godfather,'' and carried off for resale in Constantinople, which leads to a funny cooch dance interlude.
The hurricane's six-day path from the Caribbean to the Appalachians left 51 dead, 24 of them in the United States.
They beat Atlanta by 45-3 on Nov. 12.
''The film showed life as it is,'' grumbled Kolya, a 33-year-old former mining engineer now working as a gypsy cab driver in an attempt to work around the system.
''It is outside the law.
In some universities, they have set up illegal organizations and taken power from official student associations.
Private transportation costs also fell one-tenth even though gasoline costs rose by one-tenth.
The 1988 earnings included income of $1,800,000 from the cumulative effect of an accounting change for both the quarter and 6 months.
Hart told college officials he was resigning because he could not devote enough time to the $2,500 part-time job.
He'll even buy you lunch or dinner.''
''Cowboyphilia,'' as Ms. Thurman and Ms. Trattner jokingly call their specialty, is cowboy decoration inspired by the Western movies of the 1920's through the 1950's, during which time Hollywood produced more than 3,000 Westerns, perpetuating the heroic cowboy image.
The Janata Dal, the largest party in the National Front, is sending unemployed engineers to speak to young voters, a party official said.
Mel Hall's sacrifice fly to center was deep enough to bring in Polonia, and it was 2-0 before Greg Cadaret began to work.
That appeared to be the case yesterday after the Baltimore Orioles finally signed Ben McDonald, the Louisiana State University pitching sensation who was the No.
Milford is about 20 miles northwest of Detroit.
''The chorus was lip-synching,'' Mr. Casten recalled.
''But like my brother Martin Luther King,'' he continued, ''I have a dream.
''This would be catastrophic for the Island.''
My father was able to leave his father's sharecropping home under protest (he was the oldest male and he was, therefore, a valuable resource on the farm).
''To build a party is a very creative act,'' said Mr. Brown, dismissing the notion that he is running for a position that would have once seemed beneath him.
Problems With Control Leiter, 23, has disappointed the Yankees.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* National Data Corp (OTC) Qtr to Feb 28 1989 1988 Revenue 55,491,000 44,180,000 Net inc 5,191,000 4,283,000 Share earns .45 .37 9mo rev 158,512,000 130,132,000 Net inc 14,053,000 11,916,000 Share earns 1.22 1.04 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
''Who could have anticipated,'' he said, ''that 13 months after emigrating I would take part in an international conference and meet with wine masters from around the world and exchange knowledge?''
While most French wine regions are predicting a crop 10 to 15 percent smaller than last year, Champagne could have even less.
Leonard versus Hearns was originally intended to take place late last year.
Columnist Jack Smith has long commanded the language in The Los Angeles Times.
c-After a loss from discontinued operations of $52.7 million.
The David Sarnoff Research Center, formerly the RCA Laboratories facility in Princeton, N.J., today called for the formation of consortiums to develop optoelectronic integrated circuit technology.
Here are reports on issues surrounding government support for the arts in nine countries.
Rising automobile prices came as a particular surprise because they had declined in the previous two months.
''Kenny needs to back off.
Ancient agricultural festivals were reworked and absorbed into the Christian calendar.
The Castles credited Europe with having introduced them to the fox trot, the most enduring of the many steps they popularized.
The 1989 results included the accounts of Medical Management and its wholly owned subsidiaries.
But their new proposal calls for the Duarte Government to remain in power until the election.
I would have liked to see the tomatoes peeled.''
Since Nick resists using ''reserved'' signs, he ''reserves'' mine by leaving the previous diner's soiled dishes on the table till I arrive.
That is what many New Yorkers have sought from the City Planning Department over the years.
Contrary to the assertion of some opponents of sex education that it encourages intercourse and promiscuity, most sex education instructors stress the moral and pregnancy-preventing appeal of abstinence.
posted a loss of $127 million.
Gallery hours are from 11A.M.
There have been far more drastic incidents and nobody paid any attention to them.''
One of his plans is to survey Federal projects.
St. Matthew's Episcopal Church is also on Route 22.
Many, like Aam Kamel - his nickname is comparable to Uncle Kamel, his real name is Rekaby Hassan Ali - see children as part of their potential labor force.
There was no reported discussion of unification today in the stadium record crowd of 85,319, which included fans who stood atop concrete ramps high above the corners of the end zones.
''You may not have to go back to your old tribe,'' Mr. O'Rourke said, alluding to what the Roman Emperor required for his census, but ''there has to be a count somewhere along the line.''
''During the summer,'' he said, ''they show signs of mania.
But the need to appeal to those voters is well understood.
But the lesson of Eastern Europe is the opposite.
''But it's going to be very, very difficult,'' Mr. Owens said, ''to get votes for Rudy Giuliani in Harlem.''
This is the fallout from the stalled ''peace process.''
''If you had a bank account, would you turn it over to the Mayor to invest for you?''
''I never thought we'd be this good this quickly.
''I can't imagine that we won't get at least $1 billion,'' an executive close to the negotiations said.
''Funny'' is 90 minutes of 100 people telling their favorite jokes.
At her husband's trial in Yugoslavia's most troubled region recently, Nadira Vlasi compared the hearings to a political style that much of Eastern Europe has given up with bewildering speed in recent months.
The Federation of West Side Block Associations will present the 18th annual Plantathon and Crafts Fair, tomorrow from 11 A.M. to 6 P.M. on Broadway between 72d and 79th Streets.
''It was an emotional roller coaster,'' said one juror, Allen Jared Koob, 36, an actor and waiter.
The number of construction workers has increased gradually in each year since 1984, the Federal agency said.
No chill wind, no icy chop.
Toon's situation, though, is at a standoff.
Risk of Civilian Casualties The Pentagon has a variety of standing contingency plans for bombing raids against known terrorist camps, like the Sheik Abdullah Barracks in the Baalbek region of Lebanon.
''I think we're pretty nervous,'' said Marcy Mays of Scrawl, a three-woman band from Columbus, Ohio, that plays smart, asymmetrical rock songs with new insights about friendship and private strife.
The new studies used systematic criteria for evaluating distress, including assessments by friends and relatives of the mourner.
Mr. Bush got the message, and he responded this afternoon by telling the Democrats to stop ''carping'' and give his program a try.
The Jets signed six picks on Friday and added a wide receiver, Tony Martin, yesterday along with Stallworth.
February: Under Congressional investigation for conflicts of interest and mismanagement, Rita M. Lavelle, the head of the Environmental Protection Agency's Superfund program to clean up toxic waste, is fired by President Reagan.
''Many of my songs I think of as very filmic.''
Heave: What frost does to plants and roots as soil thaws and refreezes.
Al Thuesen, a press officer of the Fire Department, explained today, ''That's normal in something like this.
now estimates that the amount of aid needed to cover losses at the former First Republicbank units, now controlled by NCNB Texas, will be approximately $3 billion.
The bridegroom, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Daumant Kusma of Lavalette, N.J., graduated from Rider College.
Despite nearly two decades of active cultural exchange, Americans are still insufficiently informed about European art, and the P.S.
Traffic will be barred from Chambers Street and all arteries south of there, except for West Street and the F.D.R.
''Everyone talks about democracy,'' he said.
I stopped believing in miracles.''
The people are not drawn to scale.)
David Reed's latest paintings are on view at Max Protetch, 560 Broadway, at Prince Street, through Nov. 15.
One of the documents was described as a C.I.A.
And I wasn't running very well, anyway, around 11.6.
''One man said the sound of the wind was like a locomotive passing through his living room.''
''I read about Cobb taking umpires beneath the stands to fight and intimidating other players.
Senator Daly said he wants the increases kept in the rent rate base after the improvement has been made; Assemblyman Grannis is considering laws that would limit the payback to the cost of the project, stretch out the amount of time over which it can be charged to tenants and require that all building code violations be remedied before a building owner can qualify for an M.C.I.
Mr. Arledge called that incident an aberration that resulted in an official reprimand for the ABC News employees who produced the news report, and a change in ABC News policy.
Natural-Gas Demand Soars The recent bitter cold across much of the nation has left dozens of utilities and large industrial customers scrambling to secure enough energy to avoid shortages.
It was fitting that Dizzy Gillespie should sit in with two ensembles that performed.
Our hosts seemed genuinely interested in all their guests and willing to assist with any special interest.
''There are lots of forces in society that want to limit these rights.
PC's and compatibles with at least 384K RAM and two floppy drives or a hard disk.
You have to read keys to tell what's going to happen.
Burton Richter, director of the research center, cautioned that ''many months of hard work lie ahead before we can bring this first-of-a-kind accelerator to its design performance.''
The 1985 turnout was even a little higher than for Mayor and the City Council.
Mr. Kayden said he called a friend and asked to ''sit down with some peristroika entrepreneurs,'' or agents licensed to negotiate joint business ventures.
If GATT entry were also to stipulate a realistic time schedule in which Moscow would assume market-economy-style obligations and offer foreigners free access to its markets, that too would serve to hasten continuing reform of the Soviet foreign trading system.
The push and bustle of crowds and traffic virtually disappear.
Along with Robins, expanded day care centers will be established at air logistics centers in Ogden, Utah, Sacramento, Calif., Oklahoma City and San Antonio.
In all, the Dow is up 39 percent since then.
Prices of most issues were unchanged on the day.
The state paid $90 million for the land, using Federal money for 90 percent of the purchase price.
A decision to lift some restrictions is expected early next week, a spokesman for the Environmental Protection Department, Andrew McCarthy, said.
And Mr. Secord is charged with paying for a $13,800 home security system for Mr. North.
The assets of the nation's 464 money market mutual funds increased by $53.7 million, to $343.4 billion, for the week that ended Wednesday, the Investment Company Institute said yesterday.
''But he knows a whole pile of stuff that I don't know, and as far as I know there's one surefire way of learning it, and that's to get bludgeoned by it.
He left confident he would get the job.
Some popular committee workers acknowledge that, in the end, the authorities will prevail in issuing the new cards because people need the money they earn in Israel.
The Reagan Administration had insisted that Moscow agree to such a right.
Eliot Ness, in his 1957 book, ''The Untouchables,'' recalled how agents with sawed-off shotguns crept up fire escapes and stairs in 1930 to raid the still, which Ness said could turn out 20,000 gallons a day and fed booze directly through a webwork of piping to railroad cars, parked on the adjoining siding.
The U S Sprint Communications Company and the American Telephone and Telegraph Company also bid for the contract, MCI said.
He's looking to replace his current SLR with a newer model, but he doesn't want automatic focusing, programmed exposure automation or any other ''fancy'' feature.
And this will probably rankle Mr. Bush, who told the young people gathered then on the South Lawn of the White House that they did not need to be ''bribed'' to do good.
'' Eventually, Miss H. found two feminist lawyers in Fukuoka to file the first lawsuit in Japan charging ''sexual harassment.''
Until then, he'll remain promising.
''For that I might talk to our real estate partners,'' she said, explaining that often she can find professional help within the firm.
John Garcia, an analyst with Wertheim Schroder & Company in New York, upgraded his rating on Dow to ''attractive,'' from ''neutral,'' because of the political changes sweeping Eastern Europe.
Born in the United States in 1914, my father ate typically American - eggs and whole milk for breakfast, steak for dinner.
In other words, the team that won 108 games three years ago and that won 100 games one year ago and that won 97 games on average for the five years Johnson had managed it is the team that was transformed as Year Six unraveled.
When the car moves on, the next in line takes its place.
Always, until the week that business demands that I travel to 37th Street and Fifth Avenue.
Leading Economic Indicators Mr. Moran expects that the May index of leading economic indicators will show a fairly sharp decline of nine-tenths of 1 percent, or perhaps even more.
Rheumatologists also report that a growing number of women who had breast implants later developed connective tissue disease, a condition that thickens and reddens skin all over their bodies.
Seattle's loss was its 11th in a row.
The second floor will have 10,000 square feet of office space.
He apparently granted the interview because of the imminent visit by President Bush.
''There is going to be a very strong discussion of the local elections here,'' said a resident and party member, Vladimir C. Yefremov.
''We knew we had to put points on the board but we just couldn't do it,'' said Mike Ditka, the Bears' coach.
But the real impulse for change comes from an altogether different source: the peoples of Poland, of Hungary, of Czechoslovakia, of Bulgaria, and of East Germany.
The curfew announcement explained the coup attempt as a consequence of a ''vast campaign against drug trafficking, contraband and corruption'' it said General Avril had undertaken in recent weeks.
Miss Tandy, who is indeed the right age - she turns 80 this week - was delighted to enter Daisy's musty world of pickle jars, mah-jongg games and renascent Cadillacs.
But as a result, the Capitals were out again, eliminated from the playoffs for the seventh consecutive season without advancing past the second round.
But when Mrs. Seeger went into labor, she avoided them because of their cost.
One is a 40th birthday installation, complete with cast-off armor, baseballs (symbols of the ''hardball'' she has had to play) and an unending festive dance in which the artist keeps facing a white wall.
''For all our aid, for all the genuine commitment to democracy, things in El Salvador are getting worse,'' Senator Mark O. Hatfield of Oregon said last week.
Every Soviet citizen knows that the gifts can be withheld, or taken back.
He was encased in a clear-plastic rain poncho.
The shop is full of modern equipment like power saws, but much work is done with hand tools.
On the European museum circuit this winter the most important single event has been, beyond question, the exhibition called ''Prague in 1600: Art and Culture at the Court of Rudolf II.''
Thanks for the journey, Armistead Maupin.
The alert was lifted after a quick inspection, but the state and the plant managers are still discussing what to do with the water.
Government officials said the agreement would also enable the bank board to pledge certain assets and those of the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation as collateral for borrowings needed by insolvent institutions under its control and under the control of the F.D.I.C.
Industry Heartened The commitment made by Turner, which shows as many as three newly converted color films every month on TBS and TNT, is heartening to industry executives like Norman Glick, chairman of Colorization Inc. ''I believe there is life in the hereafter in the colorization business, but it's going to take some courage,'' said Mr. Glick, who is also president of Colorization's half-owner, Glenex Industries.
Not every parking story is a tale of woe.
Sometimes the tone was a little too padded or rounded for pitches to blend as beautifully as might have been wished, but the music was conveyed satisfyingly.
RAY CHARLES and THE TEMPTATIONS, with the Raelettes and the Ray Charles Orchestra.
The trouble here, however, goes way beyond mere culture shock.
Living Higher 'Off the Lamb' ''Maybe we'll live a little higher off the hog, or I should say a little higher off the lamb,'' said Mr. Goldin, who does not eat pork.
Yet, writing is so alien and repugnant to him that he was amazed that I could engage in the process for more than six paragraphs, much less six chapters.
''I've said it many times,'' he said at one point, while speaking of those in the photography business and elsewhere whose behavior mocks civility.
More cheers, more snowballs, and some noncombatants with cameras and note pads found shelter behind a cannon.
The retrospective suggested that the emphasis on the languid, melancholy side of be-bop in movies like '' 'Round Midnight'' and ''Bird'' might have something to do with the age of many musicians playing be-bop today.
Because of the volume of submissions, however, we regret that we cannot acknowledge receipt of or return articles unless they are accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped envelope.
Mr. Stern said an enforcement crackdown was not what he had in mind.
There were also these developments at the Court today: Tenure Secrecy The Court heard arguments in another closely watched case that requires a balancing of competing interests: the confidentiality of the academic tenure process versus the Federal Government's ability to investigate complaints of race or sex discrimination in that process.
Total weekly pie output - 50 to 60.
There are many forms of depression and, unfortunately, we have only one word in our language to describe several different entities.
Secretary of State James A. Baker 3d said Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir and his Likud party raised questions about their commitment when they attached several hard-line conditions to the proposal last week.
''We are offering something that no one else can offer - gambling in a smoke-free environment,'' said Josh Ketcham, who is in charge of the day-to-day operations.
meeting, Treasury Secretary Nicholas F. Brady sought speedy adoption of the third world debt reduction strategy that he initiated last month.
''Recidivism starts in the prison.''
The escorts were waving contracts in their guests' faces.
Among other things, he refuted the comfortable Upton illusion that war was someone else's fault.
The slayings had probably been committed several hours before, he said.
And I'd like to be proven wrong.''
Selling an Image ''Vodka is probably very much like the perfume or fashion business -there's not a wide range of product differentiation, so what you are really selling is an image,'' said Mr. Creason of Brown-Forman, whose slogan for Icy is, ''It's smooth as ice.''
Steve Lance, formerly at Della Femina, McNamee WCRS, is joining Earle Palmer as a creative director.
While the network did not supply intelligence on hostage cases or political developments, the officials said the agents did provide the United States with useful tactical intelligence, including documents describing the Iranian Navy's operational plans for the Persian Gulf.
But both Mr. McManus and Mr. Rivard said the revamping would not guarantee independence to Honeywell.
Now, that might be fun.''
Surtax Repeal Is Retroactive Congress made repeal of the surtax effective as of Jan. 1, 1989; this was possible because the program's financing was intended to provide a surplus against future expenditures, and because of the repeal these will not occur.
History in Song A series of folk song cassettes with a historical narrative linking them has been issued by WEM Records and is the product of the husband-and-wife team of Keith and Rusty McNeil, who sing and play a variety of instruments, and are accompanied by various choruses and instrumentalists, including other family members.
In his career, Mr. Grzelecki, 52 years old, has been an executive with makers of jewelry and silverware and, as he said, ''I've gotten to know the business as a user of products,'' sold by Handy & Harman.
1.Place the rinsed broccoli di rape in a saucepan over medium heat and steam for three to four minutes.
She could have been sentenced to six years in prison if she had been tried and convicted.
''She danced in the Metropolitan Opera Ballet corps at 14.
To the Sports Editor: Concerning the protest of Coach John Thompson of Georgetown regarding the N.C.A.A.
A symbiosis was forged by the intersecting agendas of politics and labor.
''The executive committee does not disapprove of the transaction with NBC,'' Joseph (Sepp) Blatter, the general secretary of FIFA, said at a news conference.
More space would be make life easier, but ''right now we have other priorities, like traveling,'' said Mr. Simon, a 43-year-old graphic designer who had lived at Kensington House for eight years before Mr. Browne joined him last year.
This morning I met with the other NATO leaders and shared with them my views on the role of the North Atlantic alliance in a changing Europe.
Even women with incomes above $30,000, but who do not have health insurance, can participate in the MOMS program at fees negotiated with individual hospitals.
''We think we're going to hold onto our market share,'' the Ford analyst said.
Until then, he said he would not be prepared to comment in detail about his priorities or about Mr. Bush's recent remarks that he wanted to emphasize drug education.
Blacks are poor because they are weak - because they have no vote.
In 1969 when construction began, Westbeth in Greenwich Village was hailed as a place where poets, painters and performers would find low rents, large rooms and sympathetic neighbors.
The trade dollars at auction Tuesday comprise a set of all years of the authorized trade dollars and all except the 1877 coin are in brilliant proof condition.
The reasons for their reticence are somewhat murky.
There is also disagreement about where the initial economic benefits of the removal of national trade and investment barriers will fall.
Mr. Plaskett's remarks, which reflect a view held widely among airline executives, were particularly noteworthy because one of his airline's jets was destroyed by a bomb in flight over Lockerbie, Scotland, in December, killing 270 people.
With eggs we're talking cholesterol and salmonella; if you don't die of a heart attack you throw up.
Corcoran Gallery Engulfed Washington's oldest art museum has lost exhibitions, a curator and artistic support in the aftermath of the Mapplethorpe affair.
Mr. Mazza said, ''As a result of changes in the company's operating goals and philosophies, we have decided the time is right to move on to new challenges.''
Texas researchers reported evidence today that a new treatment halts the progress of spinal osteoporosis and reverses bone loss.
More than 60 percent of the inmates are from these cities.
The final session features ''East of Eden,'' Elia Kazan's interpretation of the John Steinbeck novel.
The White House has not officially named Dr. Lee to the post, but he said in an interview that he had told the 1,500 patients in his practice at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center that he planned to assume the role on Tuesday.
Scholars of high academic caliber have unequivocally stated that the number of Jews killed there is more than two million.
Two young boys were injured, one critically, when they fell from windows in their apartments in two separate incidents in the Bronx yesterday morning, the police said.
As the counselors drive around Wednesday through Saturday nights and Monday afternoons, they give out five condoms to each prostitute who will take them; bleach kits to sterilize needles; ''dignity packs'' containing soap, toothbrushes and other toiletries, and a comic book that describes in street language how to practice safe sex, how to clean intravenous needles and how to seek help.
Replies for publication should be no more than 300 words and addressed to Sunday Sports Section, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036. Letters should include the writer's name, address and telephone number.
New Model Is Faulted In a related matter, the House Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations made public a report by Col. R. Dennis Kerr, who commands the aviation brigade in the 82nd Airborne Division at Fort Bragg, saying the new Apache attack helicopter, ''has a long way to go to make it on the battlefield.''
He looked around, carefully examined some green vegetables and reached for his walkie-talkie.
The postwar advent of spinning tackle and the development of casting lures designed for saltwater species changed this.
Mr. Clark, the only incumbent defeated in the primary, said he was not campaigning actively because the Democratic nominee was virtually certain to win.
This year, Mr. Cuomo said, he doubts that his commission will degenerate into a 1971-style slugfest.
This is big playing, with drive and virtuosity, controlled tone and extraordinary finish.
As the book opens, Samson's wife, also an agent, has defected to the Russians; Samson is under suspicion of treason and hiding out in West Berlin.
Risen Star won by 2 1/4 lengths.
The only acknowledgement of Mrs. Thatcher's reservations in the summit's final communique was that the conference would have to be ''preceded by full and adequate preparation.''
The immediate goal of the embattled Communist leadership appeared to be to avert a two-hour general strike that the opposition has called for Nov. 27, a call that if widely answered could extend the heart of the protest beyond students and intellectuals, For their part, opposition groups also appeared to be searching for compromise, amid uncertainty about how many of Czechoslovakia's traditionally placid industrial workers would join in the work stoppage.
The city already has plans to turn it into a park, once decomposition has run its course.
The change can be seen in these developments: * The New York State Public High School Athletic Association will shortly announce a $1.5 million, three-year deal with major corporate sponsors, who will be entitled to have their names and logos on various tournaments and events.
Corporate pension officers and the managers they hire to oversee their international investments are hard pressed to ignore world stock markets that consistently outperform the United States exchanges.
Yields on the serial bonds range from 6.25 percent in 1991 to 7 percent in 2002, while term bonds due in 2009 are priced to yield 7.40 percent and bonds due in 2026 yield 7.50 percent percent.
b-Included a loss from discontinued operations of $1,795,000 and $1,493,000 for the quarter and year, respectively.
Yet so far, the main wrestling competition witnessed by the people of Barcelona has been between Mr. Maragall, a Socialist, and Mr. Pujol, a conservative.
Florence Antiques Question: I will be in Italy the last two weeks of September and the first week of October and would like to visit the International Antiques Fair in Florence.
The Government's order delighted Sakiz.
The Nanjing newspaper, the official New China Daily, said that 3,182 people were arrested in eastern Jiangsu province, according to wire-service reports in Beijing.
''If we were betting on those, there's a concern that somebody might drop the ball in the end zone because he might let down some fans or friends by beating a point spread.''
Newer systems, distinctive for their design, can be found in Montreal, Mexico City and Cairo.
''We had a marvelous, no-pressure day,'' Mr. Gomes recalled.
On the other hand, Gary K. Vikan, medieval curator of the Walters Art Gallery in Baltimore, who testified for the Government and Greek Orthodox Church of Cyprus, said, ''No buyer would touch them.''
'' State Senator Albert Wynn, sponsor of the Senate bill, said he has seen newspapers advertisements for jobs that are only for nonsmokers, showing that the Montgomery County Fire Department is not the only employer to penalize smokers.
Under standard agency procedure, the terms of the agreement were first negotiated by Drexel and S.E.C.
A DROP IN AGENCY EMPLOYMENT: The decline in the number of employees per million dollars of billings was an oft-noted consequence of the industry's financial pressures.
A 98-yard 49er touchdown drive ended nine seconds before halftime and tied the score at 14-14.
''It's given us the chance to do some soul-searching, to say: 'What do we want to do with this company?'
The next time I saw him I thought it wise not to ask for my lure back.
Richard Ravitch said in response to a question, ''Koch has been Mayor since 1977, and there were more murders last year than ever before.''
Of 253 members of the administration, 38 are members of minority groups, of whom 12 are black.
#10,000 Sets to Be Available Although handwritten in the research stage, the revised edition was computerized; it serves as an electronic data base that will enable future changes to be made quickly.
''They said Mike Ovitz refused to talk to them directly but sent spear carriers.
INDIGO BLUES, 221 West 46th Street (221-0033).
The next morning I headed down the Adriatic coast to Pula, on the southern tip of the peninsula.
Last month, a NATO military exercise came to an abrupt end when the West German and Turkish participants objected to an American proposal for the hypothetical use of battlefield nuclear weapons against an enemy on German and Turkish territory.
rule has no expiration date.
Arizona, Illinois and Oklahoma were three of four schools that were recognized for outstanding athletic achievement.
b-After income of $238,000 from discontinued operations.
Possible Negative Consequences But Dr. Cassileth and other critics say that even this kind of counseling can have negative consequences.
In October 1988, on one of his last overseas flings at taxpayer expense, Charlie listened to an offer in Tokyo from Hiroaki Shikanai, son of the executive who had already sounded out the President in the White House.
In an open ''Dear Jerry'' letter this fall, Mr. Westly accused Mr. Brown of violating the spirit of party rules by moving here from Los Angeles to be eligible for a post that alternates between Southern and Northern California.
Mr. Marcos, 71 years old, has been at St. Francis Medical Center since Jan. 15 with respiratory, heart and kidney ailments.
''But in the last five years,'' he said, ''the number has exploded.''
He plays them straight, sets them in a grand plain formal structure, and slips in some auxiliary images from our own time, the way a champion pool player plays a winning shot from somewhere behind his back.
On clear days, there is a panoramic view from the castle of the Firth of Forth and the Highlands far to the north and west.
He narrowly won the city with less labor support than Mr. Dinkins has.
Brookens has endured tough times and, in recent weeks, a sudden surge since he was traded to the Yankees for Charles Hudson in March.
Let the next generation solve the other problem,' '' of the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
Add to these a trash novelist called the Southern Belle, Hazel's dead-but-animate mother, Johny Holy Joy, Martha, Marian, Renate, Miss Binns, Hooper and Iris Tatters, and you've got quite a cast.
Regional planning, whether carried out by the county or by inter-county authorities, must be our focus in the years ahead.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Di Giorgio Corp (NYSE) Qtr to March 31 1989 1988 Sales 259,791,000 243,055,000 Net inc 1,662,000 1,965,000 Share earns .32 .26 Shares outst 5,143,000 7,518,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
'Develop Our Industries' ''The processes are going very slowly,'' he said.
Bettis, 55, coached the Kansas City Chiefs' defensive backfield last season.
But low funds and perhaps low morale, too, have kept it from realizing its potential.
''It's a very unfulfillng feeling, particuarly when you're new,'' said Dr. Sheryl Pegus, a 24-year-old resident who helps supervise new interns like Dr. Speira.
Dr. Pariza said the first extracts of C.L.A.
Cut off from certain exports, the Soviet Union trails the West by as much as a decade in a range of semiconductor and computer technologies.
State Department officials said these funds could be used to register voters, to monitor the elections and to provide equipment and training to selected political parties.
Harrison, N.Y. $695,000 7 Bates Road 6-bedroom, 4 1/2-bath, 62-year-old brick/slate Tudor; den, family room with wet bar and flagstone floor, enclosed porch; taxes $5,773.
The legislation was introduced to close what Mr. Rostenkowski called an ''abusive loophole'' in the law used by Wall Street bankers.
In fact, this is a show full of surprises.
The key question is how well the project sells, which in turn depends on the cost and the pricing.
Other conscientious objectors pledged to avoid military service at news conferences in Pretoria, Cape Town, Durban, Bloemfontein and Grahamstown.
Her mother, Joan Weingarten, is an executive assistant at Harcourt Brace Jovanovich in New York.
Some of the most historic instruments are in East Germany, where the Communist regime has allowed the church a small amount of latitude in recent years.
The increase was only the second since the central bank started tightening credit last March.
(7) - At the end of the cut, strengthen your grip to keep the saw from dropping, and keep the trigger pressed until the blade is clear of the wood.
Figures are in Canadian funds.
I would guess Ernst and Young have an easier time.
They were nervously awaiting Monday's cutdown from the present rosters of 60 to the regular-season limit of 47.
Wimbledon Question: How can I get tickets to Wimbledon?
''Every year, we have been turning out advertising spectaculars,'' said Michel Roux, president of Carillon Importers, a subsidiary of Grand Metropolitan P.L.C.
Give yourself a week to decide.''
The Government's goal, though, is to maintain an economic growth rate that, for the last four years, has been between 1.5 and 2 percent higher than the European Community's average.
The headquarters staff will soon number 5,200, Mr. Robins said.
I came from relative privilege,'' this Princeton graduate said.
Army had planned to take only two of its mules to Giants Stadium for the game Saturday, so Black Jack's death won't affect Army's mascot plans, Hawthorne said.
Sometimes, the collision is painful.
In ''Meet Edgar Degas'' by Anne Newlands of the National Gallery of Canada, poor Edgar comes off sounding like a condescending guide who must lead a bunch of fourth-graders around the museum and interest them in his paintings by identifying the people and places while only hinting at what he did with them.
''You go immediately into a courtroom setting rather than being a briefcase carrier,'' she added.
To the Sports Editor: I was amazed at the startling lack of professionalism exhibited by Phil Esposito following the Rangers' elimination from the playoffs.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Mallard Coach Co (OTC) Qtr to Oct 28 1989 1988 Sales 47,539,000 54,204,000 Net inc 521,000 2,236,000 Share earns .08 .35 Yr sales 195,976,000 192,923,000 Net inc 4,176,000 6,677,000 Share earns .66 1.15 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
1.Peel carrots and trim ends if desired.
''A lot of people said it was a thankless job,'' recalled Representative Christopher Shays, a Connecticut Republican and a member of the Government Operations Committee's housing panel.
On the other side of the island from Road Town, in scenic Cane Garden Bay, Rhymers Cane Garden Beach Hotel (809-495-4639) offers some of the amenities of resort hotels at budget prices.
George Wallace and others, the state decided to earn back its sovereignty by compliance rather than defiance.
The question then becomes why Easy Goer suddenly made this great leap on Belmont Day rather than in the Derby and the Preakness.
He was 40 years old and lived in New York.
A Jail for Women A spokeswoman for the city Department of Corrections, Ruby Ryles, said Mr. Smith had been a corrections officer since May 1987 and was assigned to a jail for women on Rikers Island.
''Unless you have been a prisoner, you can't know what that means.''
Send letters to The Editor, Long Island Weekly, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
Mr. Feiner of Merrill Lynch said the December results would bring gains of from 10 to 15 percent in fourth-quarter earnings.
Galleries and restaurants are proliferating in TriBeCa.
''And that to me is America: being given the opportunity to do it.''
The students find them fascinating, he said.
In September, when General Saw Maung took power, Japan refused to recognize the new Government.
It did not show the beaches where cleanup work has yet to begin.
The last two debuts are actually four, in the form of duets.
Mr. Ward's general defense of his police force, coupled with his willingness to criticize and take action against specific officers, helped to lessen the political heat in these situations.
''There has been little movement in New Rochelle for the past l0 years,'' Mrs. Levine said.
She voiced her belief that if only the whole family could sit down and talk, Gerald's problem might easily be solved.
In ''The New Etiquette'' (St. Martin's Press, 1987), Marjabelle Young Stewart provides five steps to the conquering and consuming of life's sweetest meat: 1.
''To be successful tomorrow,'' Zimmerman said, ''we'll have to play our finest game.
By industry, failures in the agriculture-forestry-fishing sector fell 23.5 percent, failures in the mining sector fell 25.4 percent, wholesale trade fell 23 percent, and services fell 23.8 percent.
Its travel group, Ask Mr. Foster, is ''an aggressive bidder for corporate accounts,'' said Harold Seligman, president of Management Alternatives Inc., a Stamford, Conn., corporate travel consultant.
The bride, who will keep her name, is a graduate of Wilmington Friends School.
Of the 36 men arrested in the Monmouth sweep, 16 managed to pay their way to freedom by the end of the day and eight more did so by the next morning.
There is a public parking garage nearby and cabs can be called to the front door of the hotel.
The subgroup data might also be useful in looking for other factors, such as occupational exposures to toxins, diet, family history, smoking, access to medical care or consistency in taking medication.
The merger accounting issue covers how Blockbuster accounts for its purchases of stores.
Ellen Kelley Peace was her sister's matron of honor and Roberto Saint-Malo was the best man.
Bullets 126, Pacers 106 LANDOVER, Md., Jan. 26 (AP) -Charles A. Jones scored 6 points in the first three minutes of the fourth quarter tonight and the Washington Bullets fought off a strong comeback to take a 126-106 decision over the Indiana Pacers.
But his own strategy of recounting his client's every foible seems to have removed whatever inhibitions the press might have felt about sensationalism for the case of the woman who still runs advertisements that proclaim her ''the queen'' of the Helmsley hotel empire.
Had he voted in committee to confirm Mr. Tower, Mr. Nunn told Mr. Lieberman, ''There would be effectively nothing left of the advise and consent clause,'' Mr. Lieberman recalled.
Hers was a fairly complex white, labeled Spring Wine, that was made last fall and just released.
Me to him: ''Azrah, buh nah dughn sujhzzhi, iyu doh mighn.''
It has begun to use tight police surveillance of anti-Government demonstrations, and even of reporters trying to cover such events.
But he said his company had made several acquisitions in recent years and would now be less interested in a Field purchase.
The victory was Manhattan's first this season in the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference.
(Those curious about howler monkeys can see the skin of one, fashioned into a shoulder bag, in the introductory room.)
With its 60-foot-high double-tiered central court balanced by two apse wings that stretch the structure to a length of 360 feet, the Palm House resembles an overturned ship with the 6-foot-high clerestories cresting it like a giant keel.
Discretionary Dozing This latest intellectual excursion from the economist's usual turf is unlikely to turn academia on its ear.
Promise to Relocate Nuns Church officials promised to relocate the convent by February 1989 to a center for Jewish-Christian dialogue that was to be built near the site.
Under that proposal, the maximum number of tanks stationed on foreign soil would be 4,500; the West wants a limit of 3,200 tanks.
It all fits with the Bush image: that of a large, sprawling suburban family, at home in Texas, Maine, Connecticut or Washington, and with country music, Tex-Mex food, L. L. Bean sporting wear and chintz sofas.
It was this rather than tactical skill that made him successful.
Choosing a challenging contemporary and non-mainstream play, and striking just the right tone so that it resonates with a found rather than a predetermined meaning is a distinctive strength of the Boston Post Road Stage Company.
The change does not affect the right of innocent passage for merchant or cruise ships, though it does extend the reach of gambling and liquor laws.
''The majority of these kids are college bound,'' Dr. Collarini continued.
A senior executive of Sankyo Engineering was recently indicted on tax-evasion charges, and it is believed that the transactions with Daiwa were uncovered in the course of a Government investigation of the company.
The Government moved to drop charges against 1,000 such protesters because it had turned a blind eye to subsequent mass marches all over the country.
Excellent Record Aviation experts were particularly concerned because the CF6-6 series of General Electric engines has an excellent record.
Changing companies is like putting your good mother into the woodshed and adopting a foster mother.''
They say Landry has lost his coaching ability because of the Cowboys' 3-13 record but I would like to see any coach get a better record with their lack of talent and their strength of schedule.
It Has to Be Absolutely Right Sometimes it doesn't matter what kind of reception a play gets if the playwright isn't happy with it.
The selection also enables one to savor in full the artist's sense of language and timing, which seem as much that of a stand-up comic as of a cartoonist.
Our organization was founded 30 years ago to protect the interests of Dan Quayle and half of our citizens, those who graduated from high school and college in the lower half of their class.
THE Cooper Square Committee, a feisty group of neighborhood advocates that first squared off against City Hall when Robert Moses tried to bulldoze blocks of tenement buildings in 1959, may seem an unlikely real estate developer.
Ms. Rabschutz said that insects who venture into the pitcher plant get trapped.
The Campeau Corporation said Tuesday that its two retailing subsidiaries, Federated Department Stores Inc. and the Allied Stores Corporation, had pretax losses of $90.3 million and $51.4 million, respectively, although sales at both stores rose in the first quarter ended April 29.
Fees were set at $23.99 a mile for gas pipelines and $6.41 a mile for pipelines carrying hazardous liquids such as ammonia and petroleum products.
The most serious result of the initial collision is that it abruptly diminishes Mr. Robards's participation in the movie.
The result was that the round landed on a nearby rifle range, where it exploded near a group of 80 soldiers who were lined up in formation.
Spiritually, however, he did not belong to their hardy breed.
Once open, the project will be self-sustaining through visitor admissions and expenditures, Mr. Walsh said.
Whitt, a 37-year-old catcher, and Kevin Batiste, an outfielder, went to Atlanta for Rick Trlicek, a right-hander who pitched at Class A Sumter last season.
Open Monday to Saturday 10 A.M. to 6 P.M.; closes 5 P.M. Sunday.
Both issues are noncallable for life.
''It was treated pretty much as a fait accompli,'' said a trustee who was present.
But a record crowd of 49,579 at the Skydome saw the Red Sox win for the fourth time in five games at Toronto this year.
2 engine and a piece of a track for engine ball bearings, Mr, Clark said.
Last weekend Mr. Schroeder resigned, ''for personal reasons.''
Bullets 121, Celtics 113 BOSTON (AP) - Jeff Malone scored 24 points as Washington kept alive its playoff hopes.
In discussing whether patients should be told of the disease, a Japanese doctor, who asked not to be identified, said simply: ''People would rather not know.
To a generation of environmental advocates hardened by trench warfare with business, the only good polluter is a repentant polluter.
At a news conference here, Mr. Bush said the United States was not yet ready to grant preferred trading status to the Soviet Union, despite the Kremlin's policy of letting more Soviet Jews emigrate.
They couldn't develop a competitive advantage.
The embrace that is also a stranglehold, the caress that becomes a blow: Images of this sort have emerged with surprising ferocity in new choreography.
''The racism had a profound effect on me,'' he says.
The notion, so strong for so many years in this country, that contributing paintings and sculptures to a museum is a noble act, a gesture of good will toward the American people, has become almost quaint, an idea outmoded by fiscal reality.
Mostly we take a perverse pride in that speed, that irreverent high turnover, or at least we did.
The program is divided into three major parts: data recovery and DOS utilities; hard disk backup, and the desktop manager.
In the mid-70's, the first years of free agency, Steinbrenner made a series of sound decisions -the best in baseball - signing several key free agents who helped the Yankees win two consecutive World Series.
Last year, the average cost of diagnostic and medical treatments for infertility was more than $2,500 per couple, according to the report.
I've got a teen-age boy.''
Mr. Esposito, who was dismissed last summer amid allegations that he ignored unethical conduct by officers in his command, was indicted June 22.
In March, an appellate court found that welfare grants were ''insufficient to meet actual living costs in New Jersey.''
A10 Candidates for top scientific jobs in the Department of Health will not have to pass a ''litmus test'' on abortion or other political questions, Secretary Sullivan said.
''This move by the Fed gives banks the ability to do leveraged buyout underwritings, and gives them another tool to develop the longstanding relationships they already have with businesses,'' Mr. Long said.
Culmination of Long Process Moscow's admission was the culmination of a long process during which the Soviet Union initially rejected American charges of violation and then sought a face-saving solution.
A Harder Edge Similarly, Americans who work for Japanese companies say that when the conversation turns to where they work, it suddenly takes on a harder edge.
In Iowa, the General Electric Company said that it was offering rewards for pieces of that disintegrated engine, which are believed to be scattered over a wide swath of northwest Iowa.
''The time to make a decision on whether the war was right or wrong is long past,'' said Mr. Frisella, whose Dart Flipcards Inc. produced the set.
When the play was first presented in London, the leading roles were undertaken by Donald Sinden and Joan Greenwood.
Colonel Van Gundy, who is 42 years old, arrived in Moscow in November 1987.
Gun control advocates say a Federal ban is necessary to keep people from simply going out of state to buy assault weapons.
Her grandfather, Mark Antony DeWolfe Howe, was a poet who won the Pulitzer Prize for biography.
* Colby Coates has been named vice president and group publisher of the international group of Act III Publishing.
We'll probably see a payback for that in early January.''
Enthusiasm for stocks is far less than it was during the strong rally that led up to the crash, brokerage house profits are down, and many of the thousands of people laid off by Wall Street have not returned to the industry.
A year-old law intended to reverse the chaotic urbanization of Spain's coastline has disappointed its supporters.
If it had been hotter, Mr.
''From the onset we knew we were in trouble,'' Mr. Jones said.
Pushed, Shoved and Sued The candidates all said they would stop using welfare hotels to house homeless families.
Whirling, it bounced across the mound as Maglie skipped over it.
''We went to a good deal of effort to develop our present exam,'' Mr. Pettibone added.
Some of these drugs are designed to combat such serious illnesses as impaired thinking and emotional reactions, hallucinations, memory disorders and an inability to deal with reality - problems that are defined as psychoses.
But I have confidence that it'll come.''
''She is simply a normal international student,'' said Jan Turner, director of news and information at Emory.
For more than 40 years, Kinuyo Hokoda has waited - waited for the humiliation of her years in a detention camp to fade, for some acknowledgment that her adopted country was wrong to confine 112,000 Japanese-Americans in World War II.
Oosterhuis, the golf director at Forsgate the past three years, shot a two-under-par 70 and won the 36-hole tournament with a two-under 140.
And a 1985 study by the Traveler's Insurance Company found that 1,400 of its 7,000 employees had care-giving responsibilities and that 8 percent of them spent 35 hours a week or more fulfilling them.
But Cayton has conceded that while he is connected, contractually, to Tyson, the man who has ''the heart and soul of the fighter'' these days is the promoter Don King.
HERBERT S. PARMET Distinguished Prof. of History Queensborough Community College Bayside, Queens, July 26, 1989
I tried the backdoor slider, and he went the other way with it.
The emphasis is on natural fibers hand-spun and dyed with natural dyes.
''You have days when you return to campus and it's been devastated by a tornado,'' Dr. McNamara said, ''then there are those which give you the opportunity to dedicate the college's first athletic center.
We won't say, 'Find the best out of these 100.'
The terrain is vulnerable to the contaminants already brought to the surface and spreading from the pits.
He said the intent of these companies was not to corner the market but to insure for themselves an adequate amount of soybeans in the face of dwindling supplies.
In the Irish households, the presence of a handful of blacks at St. Rose was greeted largely with a shrug.
Brett Favre flipped a 2-yard touchdown pass to Anthony Harris with 23 seconds left in the game today to lead Southern Mississippi to a 30-26 upset victory over Florida State.
A1 News analysis: the space goals outlined by President Bush would require an enormous infusion of new money and new technology that may be difficult to find during budget stringency.
The paper inquired into the causes.
At least 10 people have been killed and more than 150 wounded in scores of attacks.
His was not an isolated feeling.
The Giants have played well on defense all season.
'Shouldn't Be a Problem' A woman who was awarded a house in the final phase said she got one only because she complained about the ''connected'' people getting houses.
Use the lettuce leaves as a boat to hold the chicken.
Although the rebels appear to have made important concessions, some Government officials and diplomats said the proposal was a propaganda ploy and was purposely written in a way that would guarantee its rejection.
* Tribune Co., Chicago, the newspaper publishing and broadcasting company, named Scott C. Smith senior vice president and chief financial officer.
Rejected 263 to 156, Oct. 4.
''We want to make this as colorful and theatrical as possible,'' said Allan Miller, the artistic director of Symphony Space, ''so we're going to try to make use of the full theater.
Eric Brown, 16, a sophomore, said, ''It was all right, but it wasn't like all that fighting and stuff.
Financial experts are debating whether this is the beginning of a new, global bull market or just the ''January effect'' - when stock prices rise at the start of a new year.
Admission to the festival programs is free.
The only reason Valvano's name was removed from the subtitle, Sawyer said, was ''aesthetics.''
She was an indisputable Balanchine muse - so much so that it is impossible today to view any of her original roles without recalling her in them.
A spring vote is set.
At least 40 percent of programs must be Spanish-produced and at least 50 percent must come from the European Community.
Objections to Demands The Foreign Ministry protest did not cite such a complaint but rather focused on the point of view that the Senate should not have any ''pretensions'' about the complicated affair or offer prescriptions in the form of demands.
A ''Yes'' vote is a citizen's duty, said Sheila C. Kislik, for 19 years a member and now president of the Woodmere-Hewlett school board.
The Foreign Minister will get some advice - for instance, put freedom to emigrate into written law so Washington can legally give Moscow all trade advantages any other country gets.
''Senior Week'' was not a box-office hit - in fact, it was released only on videotape - and it only came to light in Palisades Park last week at a school board candidates' night.
I was less docile than frightened.
That requirement could lead to difficulties later this year in a country laboring under economic crisis and an overall foreign debt of $44 billion.
I have absolutely no luck in choosing vacation destinations.
A brief regimen of a nighttime muscle-relaxing medication helps loosen taut cords and assists sleep.
''By reducing childbearing to an occupation,'' said Mr. Hyde, an Illinois Republican, ''surrogacy arrangements attack the essential human dignity of every person.''
If the dramatic fires of last year in the Amazon region drew worldwide attention, let us not forget that environmental problems are not limited to what is happening to tropical forests.
* Cadbury Schweppes P.L.C., London, a food and beverage company, completed the acquisition of Crush, the carbonated soft drink business of Procter & Gamble Co., Cincinnati, for $220 million.
Under the plea agreement, the defendant waived his right to a grand jury-type hearing to determine if a court-martial was warranted.
He dropped out of high school and encountered personal problems, including a drug problem.
Only when the marchers finally reached the Manhattan-bound lanes of the bridge did the police refuse to yield.
Dr. Ellis said he agreed with opponents of executing the retarded, saying that even at the upper end of the scale the retarded often don't have the ability to make appropriate disinctions between right and wrong.
When she moved in in 1980, she did not need a clock; she could tell time by looking out the window at the Newsweek Building a few blocks south.
Debt * Comcast Corp., Bala-Cynwyd, Pa., is offering $100 million in 7 percent convertible subordinated debentures due in 2014 at 100 through Merrill Lynch Capital Markets.
Whether that means it's the camera for everyman depends on how much everyman wants to pay.
Another challenge will be to widen the scope of the private sector and to reduce the government's role in industry, including subsidies.
''I served well, and it kept me in the race.
Miami's position is that these young scholar-athletes committed to Miami because of its noted program in nuclear physics.
Mr. Trump has said he plans to refurbish the shuttle's planes and name the new airline after himself.
SURGEONS, who were once at the top of the ladder of prestige and financial success, are now feeling the pressure of an increasingly competitive market, leading to soul-searching within the profession and potential worries for patients.
''But they would have problems in a grocery store.''
And Illinois union representatives said striking miners were planning to return to work.
The Quaker State Corporation has completed its acquisition of McQuik's Oilube Inc.
Three counties and parts of a fourth - including the bustling city of Brooklyn and the metropolis called New York that occupied the southern half of Manhattan - were consolidated to create a huge city, with five boroughs, called ''Greater New York.''
It is these long hours, she believes, that have helped her succeed where some others have not.
''Songs for 'Drella'' is a tribute to Andy Warhol, who originally sponsored the Velvet Underground, the influential rock band that Mr. Cale and Mr. Reed founded in 1965.
A serigraph that looks like a collage, it features a little girl standing close to a grandmotherly figure in a chair.
You propose as an alternative to all this a radical shift of one-third of our active-duty forces to the reserves.
He improved his average eight points to .318, second only to Steve Sax on the club.
These ranged from harshly percussive to gentle, nondescript, whooshy sounds, with a few varieties of howling feedback.
#1,000 Officers Called In The police said at least six officers were injured, none seriously.
''I don't find it easy to think of good stuff to write about.''
Mr. Jaynes said his aim would be to try to recapture some of the lost sense of mission and spirit in the program, to get the faculty thinking about what direction to take in the curriculum and to decide what appointments need to be made most quickly.
Professor Brown was born in Washington on May 1, 1901.
The change of plans, Mr. Golden said, amounted to deception.
''I try to be patient,'' he said.
''My memory of Harvard-Yale games is mostly bad,'' Cozza said at the old grads' luncheon.
Rather, it appears to be focusing on a handful of traders, particularly Preston Semel, a broker on several exchanges, and Mark Fisher, a trader for his own account, Government sources said.
The New York artist, known for his imaginative three-dimensional constructions, created the bunk bed for Fun Furniture, a Los Angeles company.
''All the bad stuff that happened is in the past.
And because downspouts deliver such a large amount of water to such a small area, the chances that basement leaks will be produced nearby are high.
Here, you do it for love.''
Several Objections Raised Within the general framework of the separation of powers, criminal defendants and the judges who agreed with them raised several objections to this arrangement.
From 6 to 9:30 A.M., all C trains will be Manhattan-bound.
In recent years, there have been great efforts by the Nepalese Government and development workers from other countries to halt the deforestation and to redevelop the forests by planting trees.
In other developments, the Federal Reserve Board reported yesterday that two of the three measures of the nation's money supply fell during the week ended Sept. 18.
''These kids are graduating now, a new generation educated to live in a competitive world,'' said Pat Wright, the Washington director of the Disability Rights Education and Defense Fund of Berkeley, Calif. ''There is no question they expect to work, and it does not dawn on them that society has a mind-set to think of them as different or as dependents.''
A cloudburst was drenching one side of the Place.
Many of the pictures are accompanied by his commentaries.
''I would not give serious consideration to going to Washington,'' Mr. Goodman said in a telephone interview yesterday, ''unless I was convinced that the 26th Senate District would be held in the Republican column.''
''It has cost us our credibility.''
Diplomats and rebel leaders said there appeared to be some resistance within the ruling party to Archbishop Rivera y Damas's continued role as mediator.
Two pieces of equipment are essential: a mower and a spreader to insure accurate applications of lime and fertilizer.
Jule and I were traumatized.''
In any event, it appears that since Mrs. Bok formulated her ''strategy,'' some of her hopes for easing distrust have begun to be realized.
I went to spring training ready to pitch from the get-go.''
Third, violent crime did not increase dramatically during Prohibition.
''The five of us decided to have dinner together after we discovered that we had kind of the same thing in mind,'' says Meyer, referring to the agency they wanted to create.
Lesha may have the dimensions of a character out of Dostoyevsky, or he could be just another mixed-up kid.
When some of us took up tape recorders in the late 1960's and early 70's, we were looking for working-class heroes, women of valor and lost causes as yet unsung.
''I've skirmished about a bit in northern Africa and western Asia, and now I'm off to the Balkans, Bukhara and Samarkand.''
Foreign orders declined by 55.5 percent in January, while domestic orders were down by 19.7 percent for the month.
With Mookie Wilson getting back into the lineup and leading the charge, they routed Tudor, went on to sweep the Dodgers and raced ahead to win the National League's East by 15 games.
Diplomats say there are several reasons countries like Iceland, Norway, Denmark and Canada are pushing for a less rigid stand on naval disarmament.
The anti-Queen's Indian system with 6 Nc3 (intending 7 Qc2 and 8 e4) Ne4 7 Bd2 is subtle and deceptive.
At the end of the third quarter, the Times Company's investment in the forest products group was $210 million, and this figure appeared on the company's balance sheet as an asset.
Too Few Questions The association's founding board members and university officials were not the only knowledgeable people who asked too few questions of Mr. Scherrer.
Still, after interviews with more than 50 people, including judges, lawyers, accused parents, accusing parents, sociologists, social workers, pediatricians, psychologists, psychiatrists, police officers and incest victims, one salient theme emerges: the existing legal system is so idiosyncratic, the questions so complex and the field so relatively new that when allegations of sexual abuse arise during or in the wake of a custody battle, the truth may be endangered by the very search for it.
''I found the political revelations in Charles's book fascinating - the English aristocracy's incredibly close connections to the Fascists in Italy and the Nazis in Germany,'' Mr. Mora said.
Generally speaking, the public relations adviser for the defense faces the greatest challenge.
Among those seen here are Billy Wilder, Edward Teller, Erich Leinsdorf, Alfred Eisenstaedt, Helen Wolff, Bruno Bettelheim and others equally well known in their fields.
It started with a few, then I added to them until the whole room was filled.
THE STATEMENT was never made on the record, off the record, in any way,'' insisted Speaker of the House Thomas S. Foley.
Valley Victory, the winner of the Yonkers Trot, the opening leg of the triple crown, is the favorite and undeniably the best colt in the Hambletonian, prompting some trotting aficionados to refer to the coming race at the Meadowlands as a battle between the king and the queen.
Much of the superb metalwork, jewelry and embroidery was made inside the Kremlin.
The German company will be renamed Totes Deutschland.
It was the 23d time since 1956 that a world record had been set or equaled at Turf Paradise, all of them at distances of six and a half furlongs or less on the main track.
I was at Yaddo, the writers' colony, and I was on the way to the swimming pool after having put in a perfectly decent day's work on the other novel, and I ran upstairs and typed for four hours, and the result was 30 pages, which are still the first 30 pages of the novel.''
B1 An undercover drug officer was shot in the back and critically wounded as he tried to buy cocaine from two men in a Bronx apartment building described by its residents as infected with drug dealers and violence.
''But we feel that withdrawing the product from the market would not help consumers or growers in the long term,'' he added.
I felt an immediate understanding looking at this man, talking with this man.
They have two sons, Geoffrey, 5, and Scott, 2, and are expecting a baby in October.
Labor's high command had hoped that a strike might be averted altogether.
Indian Paintbrush When the conservancy team examined the plant, they found it was an Indian paintbrush, a plant of the figwort family that is rare in Connecticut.
A lively, talkative woman with a penchant for fine food, Ms. Rose has spent the last several years trying to re-create the lives of original Dutch settlers from the pantry out.
By late in the day, the 8 1/8 percent bonds of 2019 were offered at a price of 103 10/32, unchanged on the day, to yield 7.83 percent.
29 A ban on giving prisoners condoms to prevent AIDS infection was attacked by several New York State health officials, who said the policy ''amounts to a death sentence.''
In 1983, when only 1,497 cases were reported, Federal health officials said measles eradication was in reach.
At present an additional five buildings are in various stages of development in the district, and thus would be governed by the special ordinance.
Certainly in the first instance, it requires, as President-elect Bush has suggested, a meeting of our minds on how we proceed with a changing Soviet Union.
The results reflected the acquisition of First Federal Savings and Loan of Livingston County in the first quarter of 1988.
IT has stood on the same Westchester site for 270 years, surviving the whims of landlords like Adolph Philipse, lord of Philipsburg Manor, and Edward I. Koch, Mayor of New York City.
Dr. Richard King, a medical geneticist at the University of Minnestoa, said, ''We have nothing in our background to tell us how to handle the information we're generating.''
After the other candidates had faced the restive crowd, or withdrawn their candidacies, there was a parade of tributes to Mr. Yeltsin, who was praised for being down-to-earth and getting things done, but most of all for being fearless and uncompromising.
The price caps allow A.T.&T.
She said that consultation and control over the book's contents had been promised by Academy Chicago and by Franklin H. Dennis, a press agent and independent editor who had made the selections, but that the promises had not been kept.
A large vertical canvas, it features a close-up of the Statue of Liberty's green diadem, the windows filled with prototypical tourists.
The chairman, Dr. John E. Brandon, removed the two, Keith O'Connor and Kathryn L. Taylor, in October, prompting charges of discrimination by supporters of the two and of Dr. Brandon.
Pro Teams Helping Bing said the mayor had promised to contribute without lacing on the gloves.
Judge Van Antwerpen referred the question of whether such walkouts were permissible to arbitration.
Oliver Wendell Holmes said it best: ''If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other, it is the principle of free thought - not free thought for those who agree with us, but freedom for the thought that we hate.''
''Chess gives them another place to show where they really shine,'' Ms. Ackerman said.
But another rock and roll song, ''I Used to Love Her,'' by the rock group Guns 'N' Roses, has so infuriated Mr. Zimmer that he sent a letter to five Long Island radio stations asking them to ban it.
You illustrate this double standard in proclaiming the eternity of the name ''Danube'' for the river its neighbors know as the Donau, Duna, Dunaj, Dunav, Dunay or Dunarea.
''I want to be able to enjoy freedom of competition,'' he said.
It was the sixth time he had beaten them in his career, against only one loss.
As a result, Teachers College, regarded as a premier education school, is today far less selective than it would like to be, accepting 70 percent of those who apply and finding that many of its applications come from college graduates with low grades and test scores.
Call 259-0346 for more information.
Farrar, Straus & Giroux published ''From Beirut to Jerusalem'' in July, and the book was on The New York Times best-seller list almost four months.
To join the program, members of the clergy undergo a two- to three-day orientation and sign a waiver relieving the city of liability for injury.
Costa Rica (5-2-1) has completed play in the double round-robin group with 11 points and is virtually assured of advancing to the 1990 World Cup finals in Italy.
Chita Rivera will headline a musical gala Oct. 23 to benefit the Puerto Rican Traveling Theater.
Laurence Patrusevich, who worked with robotics at General Motors and who is managing the construction of the new plant, said he would like to have students actually make small products like plastic coffee cups or the plastic portion of a floppy disk for computers.
A1 A plea to block a shuttle launching Thursday that is to carry nuclear-powered cargo was rejected by a judge.
He had detected some hesitation on his left before the final pass and concluded that North was contemplating a grand slam.
Those profits have helped fuel a boom in magazines, with 500 new consumer titles expected this year alone.
To do this, saw through the post at ground level, and unbolt or pry it loose from the deck.
Boston and Cambridge, where much of the story takes place, look a lot like their 1989 selves only more so, what with mocha bagels and organic pizza on sale in Cambridge, and in Boston a lavish new hotel called the Totaplex with its own ''multireligious center'' and, for business travelers, an on-call ''communications expert.''
A1 Retarded Pennsylvanians at home are entitled to the services the state gives retarded adults in institutions or living apart from families, Philadelphia will argue in court.
''The way you see it is the way it was 150 years ago.''
Worst-case scenarios are delivered in the form of newscasts from the year 2048, telling graphically of flood and famine, disease and drought, political upheaval and devastation on a monumental scale.
Their father, Ramon J. Sender, the great Spanish novelist, for reasons unknown, perhaps wanting to spare his children the tragic details, always responded evasively.
JUST GOOD FRIENDS - SO FAR - ANYTHING BUT LOVE, produced by Peter Schindler; Robert Myman and Peter Noah, executive producers; Janis Hirsch, supervising producer; from Adam Productions in association with 20th Century-Fox Television.
But he engages only privately in self-analysis.
Utz's great passion - his redeeming passion for purposes of characterization - is a mania for Meissen china figurines.
The Jaguar of Jan Lammers of the Netherlands, Davy Jones and the Brazilian Raul Boesel led after 200 laps on the 3.56-mile Daytona International Speedway circuit.
Color: Color produced by Japanese oysters is basically white, with varying shades of cream, gray, blue, gold, silver, pink and pink rose.
''We even got the wind like Candlestick Park.''
as a good guy, a friend of friendlies.
The money for the Department of Veterans Affairs is included in special spending bills for more than $3 billion that have been approved by both the House and the Senate.
Being a princess was a regular job!
OPEC rejected the offer as inadequate.
For this purpose he directed me to a .223 Air Force Survival Rifle he had hidden in the closet.
The lower level has luggage, sports accessories like saddles and golf bags, home accessories and men's wear.
Implicit in the foregoing effort could be an embarrassing element of fraud made worse by being both tedious and transparent.
The United States has already taken action against one of the countries for intellectual property violations.
(AP) Soccer Chelsea and Arsenal in 0-0 Tie: The Chelsea goalie, Dave Beasant, saved a penalty kick by David Rocastle to preserve a scoreless tie yesterday against Arsenal in the English Soccer League.
The oil industry just was not credible anymore, Governor Cowper said.
The timing is particularly fortuitous this year: skiers are reporting the best skiing in recent memory in the East.
A member of the community group, Carole Rifkind, said, ''We were really concerned that the P.D.C.
Running Alone His race was statement enough.
In a deal that was begun Aug. 9 and is expected to be formalized soon, Vitro is acquiring the Anchor Glass Container Corporation, the second-largest glass container manufacturer in the United States.
From conversations with people before I came in here and in here, I know prison is like the street - it can be dangerous.''
Joint Diseases North General Hospital, at 1919 Madison Avenue, will build a new hospital two blocks away with 240 beds, including 40 for people with AIDS.
James Baker says he's selling all his stock so as to make it clear he's avoiding even the appearance of a conflict of interest as Secretary of State.
These are some of the questions: * How did CBS come to rely on a freelance for such an important story, and how scrupulous was the network in checking the details provided by a source it came to trust?
But there is still much uncertainty about how many people will use the drug.
With Fordham replacing Davidson in the Colonial League next year, when Davidson drops to Division III in football, the Rams are scheduled to play the Lions at Columbia on Oct. 5, 1990.
The four are members of the media policy committee of the American Association of Advertising Agencies and they met at the association headquarters in Manhattan.
As assistant professor of display and exhibit design, Hoskins observes: ''We take windows very seriously in New York.
Federal Judge Robert Sweet tells us that if Americans can learn not to use butter, why, they can learn to cut down on cocaine.
Although he freelanced throughout his life, his permanent engagements included music director of the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic (1957-63), the London Philharmonic (1962-66), the Theatre de la Monnaie in Brussels (1981-86), the Cologne Opera (1978 until this summer) and the BBC Symphony (1982 until October).
Those figures compare with 7.5 million barrels in June 1987 and 7.2 million barrels in June 1986.
In serving bowl, beat oil with vinegar; beat in mustard.
''Swamp,'' lying on the floor like a giant Camembert, looks like an aerial view of a forest or a sacrificial rack.
Facilities The ranch has a 20-by-50-foot, solar-heated pool and one hard-surface tennis court.
Senegal - President Abdou Diouf.
Stephen Davis, said the rape charges involved only the two oldest girls, who are 14 and 8.
Most of those payments are scheduled for after 1992.
I find this kind of artistic competition to be very healthy.''
1, and after Brown he went to Yale Drama School.
About $35 for two with wine.
He returned in 1983 and served 15 months.
Meet in grand lobby, 2 P.M. CONCERT.
For a long time, ambiguity seemed to serve the purpose of interrupting violence.
In Tokyo's clubby financial world, where takeovers and raiders are rare, Mr. Pickens's visit and his motives caused a stir, despite his assurances that he had no interest in taking over Koito and was just a long-term investor.
* Isomedix Inc. has filed for a proposed offering of 1.6 million shares through Merrill Lynch Capital Markets.
I'm not sure that she has been well served by her translators, Heike Schwarzbauer and Rick Takvorian, who seem to have swallowed large lumps of German syntax whole.
W. Michael Brown, president of International Thomson, said that Lawyers Co-operative would be ''an absolute crown jewel in our business.''
The myth is that those changes have resulted in ''a loss of white-skin privilege,'' she said.
''Julian Schnabel: Fox Farm Paintings'' remains on view at the Pace Gallery, 32 East 57th Street, through Jan. 6.
''I slowed down three or four times so I could attack in the last 100 meters,'' said Aouita.
Crime Issue Stressed Mr. Giuliani has played heavily on his experience as a Federal prosecutor in courting voters concerned about crime.
''We do think teachers deserve a raise.''
The humbler rodeos on the International Professional Rodeo Association circuit tend to attract regional talent, though the purses can run upward of $50,000.
The third quarter is disappointing.
It was also agreed that observers from the United Nations and the Organization of American States would be invited to attend next month's meetings as ''witnesses.''
An audience is an audience.
''The difference is that I think that government can make a difference, and that is largely what this election is going to be about.''
In 1983, they bought a vacation retreat, a horse farm in upstate New York.
His portraits, which at first look merely contorted, capture perfectly a likeness.
In stocks, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 41.81 points during the week and closed at 2,753.20.
Series KK consists of a bond due 1999, which is priced to yield 7.05 percent, and an another due 2020, at a price to yield 7.80 percent.
The bait, fly or lure is fished close to the bottom, and split shot are commonly used to get it down there.
''Studies have shown that older people who feel they have a legal problem are more likely than younger people to seek out a lawyer,'' said Wayne Moore, director of the Legal Counsel for the Elderly at the American Association of Retired Persons.
I've had directors who come from non-profits who tell me they are relieved not to have to worry about whether their paycheck will bounce.
If we rely on raising taxes, businesses will leave the city.
Who would have thought that a tree-planting ceremony of the American Forestry Association at the National Air and Space Museum in Washington would make compelling television news?
Rumors of a big purchase by India, which some traders speculated may already have taken place, pushed sugar futures prices above 14 cents a pound at midsession.
The two men finally agree that Schuchert will meet with the executive to seek a preliminary agreement on the price and terms of the stock sale.
* Fruit drinks, punches and ades are often fortified with nutrients.
Opposition to the Midgetman is strong in the Air Force.
But she said her group ''fully supported'' the common guidelines.
It can also lead them to take a new look at the family in which they grew up.
TWO years ago today, John J. Phelan Jr. was plunged into a new world of finance, as markets throughout the world crashed in what was the worst day in the history of stock trading.
Mr. Patrick's opponents include several powerful lawmakers, among them Senator Ernest F. Hollings, the South Carolina Democrat who is the chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee, and Representative John D. Dingell, the Michigan Democrat who is the chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee.
Throughout the article you quoted various boys, ignoring the fact that just as many female adolescents like Nintendo as males do.
Two men, one in Brooklyn and the other in the Bronx, died yesterday, apparently because of the extreme cold.
It was midafternoon when I arrived, and for the Irish sisters and their charges it was teatime.
Prosecutors have said that the case is believed to be the largest fraud ever uncovered involving postal meters.
1 The example of Kissinger Associates, a consulting firm with close ties to the top levels of the Federal Government, thorny questions about public duties and private interests.
''It's a once-in-a-corporate-lifetime opportunity to say something very dramatic and new because they're not going to do this ever again,'' he said.
''We give industry 40,000 hours of help a year,'' said Jean-Louis Vaterkowski, the school's director.
'It Is Ingenious' Collision insurance would still be sold by private companies, but with a government takeover of personal injury protection and liabilty insurance, Mr. Karcher said premiums could go down as much as 35 percent.
The opposition reflected the concerns of elected officials, like the borough presidents, whose powers derived mainly from their seats on the Board of Estimate, and also the fears of many civic groups that the restructured government would be less accessible, with power more centralized.
It takes 36 gallons to fill a tub.
The Miami Dolphins and Mark Clayton reached a four-year contract agreement yesterday that could make Clayton one of the five highest-paid receivers in the National Football League.
Sanders said he was in shape and could play in Sunday's season opener against the Phoenix Cardinals, but learning the team's offense might be difficult in three days.
John Jacobs' Practical Golf School, 7350 East Evans Drive, Scottsdale, Ariz. 85260; 602-991-8587.
But the odds did not stop people from all over the world from buying tickets at a rate of a thousand a second in the last two days.
IVY-COVERED College has an enormous endowment, about $350,000 per student.
'The Only Guarantee' ''Intellectual freedom is the only guarantee of a scientific-democratic approach to politics, economic development and culture,'' he declared.
''People are taking us more seriously as craftsmen,'' she said.
No Party, Smaller Tree On a more secular note, Paul V. Higgins wrote, ''Breaking a tradition of 25 years standing, the Edgewater Apartments (530 East 72d Street) voted to forgo its Christmas party and make a contribution to The New York Times Neediest Cases.
Shows tomorrow night are at 8 and 10 and the admission is $12.50.
''At CBS in the 1940's we were not allowed to record a show,'' Mr. Schaffer said, recalling that East Coast shows were repeated live for the West Coast.
There is the Opry itself, the Opryland theme park, and the hotel, which is no modest inn; at some 1,800 rooms, it is one of the largest convention hotels around.
One woman revealed her naked torso to me, all shriveled skin and withered breasts.
If you are purchasing a new set of crystal, Ms. Davidson offered this advice: ''Buy a service for 16 to allow for breakage.
''He carried Noriega's wishes out but he was not essential by any means to the success of the venture.''
Instead of one city or one region enforcing segregation, we have a pervasive national picture of discrimination and deprivation - of shattered black families, poverty and, yes, racial contempt.
An open skies agreement would be a positive political act of opening a nation's activities to detailed, intrusive monitoring - a symbolic opening of the doors.
Parliament approved the Government decision by voting against an opposition motion to keep the two jailed.
''Cotton is the most important fabric for us, especially in some of the new plaids and checks and herringbone patterns.
''They are beautiful, professional ledgers.
We'll still be friends in July.''
And with at least half of the album, Ms. Cherry does for dance-pop what Marvin Gaye's ''What's Going On'' and Stevie Wonder's ''Talking Book'' did for Motown: She proves that dance music can get down to earth without dropping a beat.
''Excuse me,'' said Melissa Longo, ''which one's Mr.
''There must be buses around here somewhere that go to the Kudamm.''
Gimmick novels are often narrated by an eccentric, and Howie certainly fills that bill.
But however effective the revisions may be in curbing the worst excesses, their effect will extend to many locations where contextuality is not an issue.
As recently as two weeks ago, Mr. Darman was refusing to appear.
As residents search for ways to raise their offer, the school is preparing to negotiate with other bidders.
If I wanted to play a pundit role, I would be doing all of these things.
But the waters are muddy, and Mr. Foley and Mr. Coelho are not the only Democrats with aspirations.
He gave clinics overseas but never coached a team again, settling in Miami and working as a stockbroker.
The signatories came from three distinct groups: former Communists who had backed the liberal experiments of Alexander Dubcek, only to be expelled from the party after the Soviet-led invasion swamped that initiative in 1968; writers, artists, and religious figures.
Its botanical name honors Marie de Brimeur, a French gardener of the 16th century.
b-Included net from discontinued operations of $775 million and $823 million for the quarter and year, respectively.
The less than smash business of films such as ''Jesus Christ Superstar,'' ''Godspell'' and ''Chorus Line'' delivered a sure message to producers that musicals were a genre in trouble artistically and commercially.
''Moscow found out only after it was done,'' Vadim A. Medvedev, the Soviet Communist Party's chief ideologist, said at a news conference in Moscow.
The society nearly lost the house two years ago, because it was having difficulty raising $5,000 to complete the $10,000 purchase price.
He also said he would like to be the man to succeed Pete Rozelle.
''I haven't laid eyes on him in several years,'' said Richard Seltzer, a professor of political science who has been at Howard since 1978.
''If this were to continue for the final quarter, it would indicate a G.N.P.
Feynman was such a wonderful storyteller, and he had so much fun with his life, that it hardly mattered to much of his audience that he was one of the century's pre-eminent theoretical physicists.
And how would the fee be collected?
The Assistant Minister for National Guidance and Political Affairs, Shariff Nassir, said that although there was ''press freedom in Kenya, editors should not be left to write whatever they wanted.''
It is not that time has stood still.
The problems began the day that OTB was created.
Brazil, Mexico, Argentina, Venezuela and Chile are among the 10 most-indebted third world countries, owing a total of $343 billion.
The Discovery Channel, which features nature documentaries, is becoming a large BBC client.
In some areas of central China, county officials are going to small villages and searching farmers' homes for grain.
''I guess I'm obsessive about junk mail,'' said Mr. Hatch, showing off his three-room operation as a lepidopterist might show off a collection of rare and wondrous moths.
He was called for the same thing Saturday night, but the batter hit the ball and was safe at first.
Lin's television stations would become part of a separate company, and its shares distributed to current stockholders along with a special cash dividend of $20 a share.
Wealthy entrepreneurs in Rolls-Royces, bankers, Queen's Counsels, students, secretaries and factory workers - all poured in by the hundreds of thousands to the ''Concert for Democracy in China.''
Some fear that the United States is losing its economic and political leadership, and that the consequences will be grave.
On weekdays, groups of worshipers, often old women in fur coats and hats purchased before World War II, pray during the brief time that the city's churches are open.
With their land rising in value because of the growth of second-home construction throughout the Catskills, the resorts were able to use their cost-free land to undersell competing housing developments and gain the income from housing sales and membership fees.
President Arias has said consistently that ''peace and democracy are inseparable.''
Johnson is a very good painter who, like Brown, attained his greatest success in the 1870's.
Small Hopkins and Kastmaster jigs are also effective.
The curbs would apply to any corporate debt instrument with a term of five years or more that is issued at a deep discount and has a yield in excess of five percentage points over the applicable Federal rate.
And one of last year's most pleasant memories - the Sea Wolf in Three Mile Harbor, where local bands serenaded a New York-bound crowd by the water on Sunday afternoons - has vanished.
It stars Vera Fischer as a beautiful art forger who, meeting a pilot in the backlands of Brazil, becomes embroiled in a series of misadventures.
To become law, the bill must be signed by Gov.
''I took one look at his tests and told the club he could be Alexander the Great or a kamikaze pilot,'' Dr. Ogilvie said.
''The feeling now is that the party is in ruin,'' said Mordechai Gur, the former army Chief of Staff who is now a member of Parliament and a minister without portfolio.
The Nobel Prizes, oddly, are never called ''prestigious.''
The first body, removed in December from a pauper's grave at Mount Zion Cemetery in Landsdowne, south of here, was examined in an autopsy before someone noticed its identification tag.
Predictions were touched off by the approach of a $1,000 a person fund-raising party this Wednesday.
Governors have asked for limits on deliveries to customers, reminiscent of restrictions during the gasoline shortage of 1979.
''But while such policies might make us feel better, they would dash the Chinese people's chances for further economic progress and eventual political reform.
Open 5 to 11 P.M. Friday, 5 to midnight Saturday, 4 to 10 P.M. Sunday.
Architecture and urban design must be conducive to a sense of community and the well-being of all of the city's inhabitants.
b-After a gain of $830,000 from an accounting change.
At $128.9 billion, it now rivals the size of the government securities market, where daily trading is at $125 billion to $150 billion.
Competitive Disadvantage According to Mr. Pally, Suffolk businesses fear that the law will put them at a disadvantage with companies outside the county.
The mystic prophets of the absolute cannot save us.
And it came with all the trimmings: the 3-point basket, an uptempo offense, the full-court trap, and pressure defenses that slice seconds off a team's ability to run their offense.
Inside, Sister Concetta introduced him to 150 enthusiastic older members of the St. Frances Cabrini Club as if he were Johnny Carson.
Time to get dry, to get warm, to get ready.
He took the helm himself for a period last year and then stepped down in December after bringing in Mr. Corr from Trans World Airlines.
The bus trip allows time for a meal on Phillip Island, where many of the houses are decorated with all sorts of shells.
3 on the hard-cover fiction best-seller list of The New York Times, and the promotion is free to the publisher, we will probably hear of more such promotions.
Unlike traditional roller skates, which have two sets of wheels side by side, Rollerblades - a trademark name that has become synonomous with in-line roller skates -have three or four wheels in a row.
Tenney gave Angel Cordero Jr. a leg up on Adjudicating, who had been jumping a bit in the ring but settled right down under his jockey.
Ellen Ruzinsky Lerner, the bridegroom's sister, was matron of honor.
''To live like that is Hollywood, right?''
I was a classmate of Mr. Schnabolk's at the Stevens Institute of Technology and while he had no desire to make the honor society, he was far from the dumbest in the class.
Domestic sturgeon caviar, under $100 a pound, is another option.
Members of the South Australian police force pronounced the poems indecent, and Angry Penguins found itself involved in an obscenity trial.
But the tremendous pressure on university doctors to conduct research despite a scarcity of funds makes academic physicians easy prey to industry manipulation.
''She spared no expense, no amount of boredom to keep up.''
Operating income for the film segment rose 14 percent, to $54.49 million.
The company was founded by Mr. Ailey 15 years ago with the idea of giving gifted advanced students at his school a bridge to the stage.
Bears are building toward what will become a near-round-the-clock intake of 20,000 calories a day, putting four inches of fat on their midriffs.
Sunday DOROTHY DANDRIDGE FILMS At the height of her career in the late 1950's, the actress Dorothy Dandridge was one of the most famous black entertainers in America.
But the show offered more than just warm-hearted rock-and-roll nostalgia, as the singer took on material associated with Stevie Wonder (''As''), Marvin Gaye (''I Heard It Through the Grapevine''), Foreigner (''Cold as Ice''), Larry Graham (''One in a Million You'') and the Temptations (''Shaky Ground'').
''Nuclear power isn't horseshoes,'' he said.
The tower's other major client is the venerable Wall Street firm of Cravath, Swain & Moore, where I.B.M., CBS and Texaco have gone for legal help.
There are mists that roll in from the windows and seep in from under doorjambs.
It is too early to say how much of a market share International Telecom and the other competitor, International Digital Communications, will capture.
That is because in recent years speculators have bought and sold apartment buildings and brownstones over and over again, driving up property values, but not upgrading the buildings they have bought.
And there is a blessed and refreshing lack of the scatological dialogue that spatters the pages of many books by sports heroes.
Fluent in German, French, Italian and Spanish, she was at home among explorers in the many expeditions in which she took part in the Alps and in Mexico and Canada.
''But sometimes I am not too unhappy with what I have done.''
The other drugs were made available after testing had been completed but before the Food and Drug Administration had given its approval for marketing - a procedure that has sometimes taken a year or more.
Sharon A. Williams of the National Criminal Justice Reference Service, said, ''The prison drug problem is beginning to emerge now,'' adding, ''You couldn't talk about it before.''
The hunt was on, now with our 12-year-old son as willing and able conspirator, to track down and repair discarded lawn mowers within a five-mile radius.
''Anything Goes,'' a revival of the 1934 musical with music and lyrics by Cole Porter, will end its run at the Vivian Beaumont Theater, Lincoln Center, following the Sunday matinee performance.
he sternly, but good-naturedly told her.
The day, known also as the Feast of the Epiphany, marks the arrival of the Magi with gifts for the Christ child, and is a time when presents are exchanged in Latin America and Spain.
Sandinista Explains Plan At a meeting with Mr. Perez today, Nicaragua's President, Daniel Ortega Saavedra, explained the details of a new Sandinista plan to permit the demobilization and repatriation of thousands of Nicaraguan rebels now based in Honduras.
But ever so slowly, it dawned on a visitor that George - for all the alertness flashing from his dark brown eyes - had real problems.
The Canadian Consulate General, the Governments of Alberta, Ontario, Quebec and Saskatchewan, the Canadian Society and the Bank of Montreal are participating.
Roughly one in four of the nation's 2,933 savings and loan units do not meet the new standard - $1.50 in tangible capital for every $100 in lending - which will become effective in four months.
''Sonny from Sonny's Place asked me to go to the Music Fair and, since I knew Redd from the old days, asked me to introduce him to Redd,'' she said.
''It cut way back on the office time that was necessary,'' Mrs. Waldron said.
Utilities have long been known as interest-sensitive stocks as well.
The evening begins with cocktails at 6 o'clock.
Backed by a pop combo, the quintet expertly plays flashy arrangements of show tunes by Gershwin and Leonard Bernstein in a set that is clearly aimed at the crossover market.
So the Canadian maestro didn't change a thing for 40 years.
While many schools diligently try to place students in higher education, very few offer similar support to students seeking jobs.
While Mr. De Mita remains in office as caretaker over the shell of a Government, senior politicians have held endless consultations to figure out who should lead next.
There seemed to be fewer than 10,000 people in the square, although the Chicago Mayor's office offered a generous estimate of the crowd's size at nearly 20,000.
And Mr. Carter has the sort of personality that inspires others to play well; a duet between Ray Brown and Mr. Gillespie had enough tension and drama to fill an entire set.
''This thing could slip away from us on a whimper,'' he told reporters.
When the number is given to Infopets, which can be reached by a toll-free number, the name of the owner and the animal's medical history is disclosed.
A halfday of supervision with all-day skiing is $33.
But, Mr. Block warns, here the I.R.S.
He offers a Mexican interpretation of some of the same events described by Mr. Pastor.
guard Pooh Richardson was held to 6 points.
Meanwhile, the Security Pacific Corporation yesterday reported a 10 percent increase in third-quarter profits; the NCNB Corporation's profits more than doubled, with half its profits coming from its Texas operations, and the First City Bancorporation of Texas reported a 22 percent increase in profits.
The suit also contends that Apple's acts constitute unfair competition and unfair business practices that have caused Xerox to suffer past and continuing damages that it believes to be in excess of $50 million.
Other good sources of instructional material are the United States Youth Soccer Association, Suite 190, 1835 Union Avenue, Memphis, Tenn. 38104, and the American Youth Soccer Organization, 5403 West 138th Street, Box 5045, Hawthorne, Calif. 90251.
Those who want fire will choose an 80.
Hearings on capital gains would surely lead to wider debate about our current, wrongheaded corporate tax policy.
Dr. Oleske said some people scoffed when he predicted 15,000 to 20,000 American children would be showing symptoms by 1991.
The intent is to test everyone who is arrested.
Dr. Falk also said the number of cases had clearly risen each month since last summer.
Of course, there is the issue of the asking price.
Tiffany & Company was a publicly owned company until it was acquired in 1979 by Avon Products.
''The pricing recovery may be more labored because of the political climate,'' he said.
You pitch for a club four and a half years, you're part of the club and responsible for part of its success.
Loyal soldiers climbed onto the roofs of surrounding buildings, throwing hand grenades, firing mortars and shooting at the compound, according to news reports from Panama.
He has not practiced since March 9, when he began experiencing pain in his right heel.
Last week, as he shut his doors, Dr. del Gizzo posted a notice saying he had been ''closed illegally by Medicaid'' and urging former patients to call the Governor to protest.
Curious, we trooped over to discover an old stone that told us it was a ''colored'' soldier (I no longer remember the war).
But Israel has a built-in, self-correcting mechanism in the form of free institutions and a vigorous internal debate.
The Sexuality of Terrorism Each age has its peculiar demons, and ours seems to be the terrorist.
''I don't think self-righteousness is exclusively to be found at this end of the table,'' he charged.
Upon seeing the replay, it appeared obvious that the video guys in the window had gotten it right.
'A New Beginning' While the arrival of Christians under the old policy will continue until tomorrow's deadline, the agencies assisting Jewish refugees decided to stop the flow two days early out of respect for Rosh ha-Shanah.
The American presence would expand dramatically if Barbara Piasecka Johnson, the Polish-born heiress to much of the Johnson & Johnson health products fortune, follows through on her plan to buy and run the big Lenin shipyard in Gdansk.
Mr. Horowitz was awarded the Medal of Freedom in 1986 by President Ronald Reagan, after the pianist's return from his Soviet tour.
One might argue, instead, that only a Philistine - a rude barbarian, expert on assaults - could make or love the ''Arc.''
This Indian emigre living in Toronto is in the grip of an overwhelming emotion, having just heard that the plane carrying her husband and two sons and many relatives of her neighbors has crashed near London.
Zelter [ a contemporary composer ] certainly wrote to Goethe.
If Chuchin were publishing his catalogue now, in the months after the first popular election in the Soviet Union in 70 years, he would presumably not find it necessary to distance himself from the bourgeoisie.
In the 1960's, Chicago gangs first split into two factions: the Devils Disciples and the Blackstone Rangers.
The Open Market Committee met again on Tuesday, but a summary of that meeting will not be made public until three days after the next meeting, on Oct. 3.
A Chinese familiar with the leadership said that Mr. Zhao remains in his home in Zhongnanhai, not quite under house arrest, but not encouraged to leave, either.
They note that the United States has far fewer restrictions on foreign investment than any other major industrial power.
In recent days, spokesmen for guerrilla groups that operate from bases across the Pakistani border, 30 miles east of Jalalabad, have said that the siege of the city has tightened to the point where the Government has no means of supplying the city other than by helicopters that are vulnerable to guerrilla rockets.
''Women end up as care givers of the elderly because it is expected of them,'' said Elizabeth Mullen, an association official.
''We knew we were doing something different,'' says McMurray, ''but the fact is, nobody knew what it was.
The company, based in Los Angeles, had revenues of $105 million.
Dogs might seem as irrelevant to Ms. Wine-Banks's job as the miniskirts that made her famous in 1973, when, as the prosecutor Jill Wine Volner, she questioned Rose Mary Woods about an 18 1/2-minute gap in a White House tape.
The Senate Finance committee will meet Thursday to draft its proposed revisions in the program.
The storm left more than 3 feet of snow in California's Sierra Nevada range on Saturday, and dumped 10 to 20 inches of snow on some ski resorts in Colorado on Sunday.
Natalia's obsession with finding the rapist takes bizarre turns, through darkened streets and into a prison colony for rapists, until it seems she is in love with him.
Because of the delay in raising the debt ceiling, there was no when-issued trading in the new issues after the Treasury's announcement.
The Vietcong grew largely because of the social, political and economic breakdown engulfing Vietnam.
But Quinn acknowledged that there are few players available who would satisfy his immediate need for help.
''I think they said, 'We've got to pick up the head guy right now,' '' Valvano said.
I think the statement there is that we should be in a position to choose and determine for ourselves how we should be addressed.
''Crack is responsible; it all comes back to crack,'' he said.
Gabe went to elaborate lengths and actual distances to woo.
1 on Billboard's pop album chart, at least temporarily displacing ''The Raw and the Cooked'' by the Fine Young Cannibals.
lends executives to school systems to set up programs and has teachers work in its plants.
There are no cinches around here, I know that.
Financially, it has helped stimulate economic development.
Given the above, the committee's environmentalists and animal-rights advocates would like to see the full development of a nonlethal-alternatives program before further decisions are made.
Larry Kaplan, president of the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce, said the committee considers professional accomplishment and longevity, even community service.
And because of the city's history of leadership in the civil rights movement, its Mayor also has a special role in black politics nationally.
student radio station, the multipath effects were more pronounced with the FMX system than without.
* Colorado National Bankshares Inc., Denver, a bank-holding company, named D. Dale Browning vice chairman.
After four years in college - rather, at college - numbers of basketball and football players have left not only without a diploma, but, literally, without the ability to read street signs.
The moral transgressions that Mr. Soderbergh's characters commit are measured on a sliding scale, one which, for a film maker's debut effort, is remarkably well defined.
Page A1 The Polish Parliament condemned the Soviet-Nazi nonaggression treaty of 1939, calling it an ''infamous'' violation of Polish autonomy.
Test of Muslims' Intentions General Aoun had said he accepted the Security Council's appeal with no strings attached.
Carnegie Hall officials announced preliminary plans yesterday for the hall's centennial season in 1990-91, highlighted by a commissioning program to link 10 composers with 10 performers and ensembles.
The Jets' defensive line and linebackers will have to fill the gaps and cut off Thomas's cutbacks.
The higher the prices, the more risk is involved for publishers, but the richer agents grow.
But there is little he can do, he added.
But as Lord Chesterfield said in another context, the pleasure would be momentary, the position ridiculous, and the expense damnable.
To the Editor: In David E. Pitt's article on diving in the Caribbean (Travel, July 9), St. George Cay in Belize was mentioned.
The rules governing limits on outside earned income are plain enough.
There is no indication if the unsigned Pepper Johnson will rejoin the team.
The Tchaikovsky Third Quartet (Op.
''I've always been drawn to characters who are eccentric, complex, with a sense of humor.
Fill in the corners with the blueberries.
Altogether, these agencies will take up 1.5 million square feet of space.
The most loving, joyful, delightful and gentle dogs have been the pit bulls, Dobermans and Akitas.
Admission is $4; $3 for students, and $2 for children and the elderly.
One sold at auction last week for $150,000.
Favor for 27 Years Mark Mulvoy, managing editor of Sports Illustrated, said that keeping Mr. Deford on the payroll until he was vested would have been a favor for his 27 years of service.
Fertilization takes place in a dish and 18 hours later, four of the resulting zygotes - the one-celled pre-embryos - are put back in your tubes, not in the uterus.
I realize that for some of us, those wounds will never completely heal.
A Practice Is Explained That Dr. Stehelin's name came first on several papers does not mean the experiments were his idea, Dr. Levintow said.
He asks for and expects nothing from life, though he would prefer to return home to his fiancee, Henriette.
And yet, one of Mr. Deng's stated goals when he returned to power more than a decade ago was for the old leaders to step aside in favor of younger ones.
A year ago, in the opening game of the World Series, Eckersley was the pitcher victimized by Kirk Gibson's one-legged Academy Award home run.
Indeed prints are such popular accessories that it would be hard to find a show house or decorating magazine that did not include a bedroom hung with hand-colored botanical engravings or a library displaying prints of architectural facades.
Despite a bad patch at the San Francisco Opera in the 1980's, and widespread local apprehension that the city was being outstripped economically and culturally by its southern nemesis, the company has plenty of artistic vitality left.
An eloquent account that pleads the cases, personal and general, against surrogate motherhood.
Charter Panel's Race Issue Many people want to improve minority group input in New York City government, but there are sharp differences over how to do it.
Advertisers like sports, Sherman said, because sports delivers a ''male-target'' audience with high efficiency.
I teach them never to accept our current circumstances with apathy.
The Administration could, but won't, move briskly to conclude the strategic arms treaty with Moscow.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Louisiana General Services Inc. (NYSE) Qtr to March 31 1989 1988 Revenue 54,285,000 60,434,000 Net inc 5,052,000 5,431,000 Share earns .86 .93 6mo rev 96,597,000 98,772,000 Net inc 6,820,000 6,961,000 Share earns 1.17 1.19 View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The stores need to be open a complete season to get a good reading, Mr. Vial said, but so far he is satisfied with customer reaction.
They both are studying medicine at the University of Colorado, where she expects to receive an M.D.
Yet the general continues to press his campaign.
But the Klimt that by now has universal currency is not the only Klimt.
1 choice in 1986, but he has struggled - this is the first season he will have had a quarterback coach - and is rehabilitating from off-season elbow surgery.
The officials declined to say how Washington had responded to the request.
(There will be four additional performances.)
* MCI Communications Corp., Washington, received an $80 million three-year contract from Citicorp.
''Other suitors have approached us, but no one has had a serious offer to announce.''
This appliance repairman is not a company man but an independent expert.
Mr. Sumita, who has served as Japan's central bank chief since 1985, will be succeeded by Yasushi Mieno, senior deputy governor at the central bank.
Insisting that he has ''nothing against the woman, personally,'' Mr. Wolgom noted after the verdict that he had been hoping for acquittal on all charges.
''Indonesian society had virtually no tradition of painting,'' Mr. Holmgren said.
The guide is calling our attention to a place where a fish has just nosed out of the water to take a fly.
Following are excerpts from a call by Mr. Genn: Oct. 13 LIPKOWITZ: I mean, I will convince him he's enjoying it.
But amid the questions, there was enough brimstone to stir the souls of even the most depressed.
His father is the president of General Sportcraft, a distributor of sports equipment in Bergenfield, N.J. His mother, Jill Edelson, is the special-events coordinator for the Acting Company in New York.
Miss Garrity, a cum laude graduate of Georgetown University, received an M.B.A. degree at New York University.
With the defeat, the 29-year-old Lendl, who won the Australian Open in January, lost his chance of winning the Grand Slam this year.
Mother Crafton tells of a Greek cruise ship in which 50 Bangladeshis in a crew of 600 were kept in despicable conditions: eight in rooms meant for two, no bedding, the toilet a smelly hole in the next room.
He had to in order to become a university student.
The extinction debate, which has sometimes seemed as convoluted as a medieval discussion of metaphysics, has often spawned sharp personal attacks.
For the last 45 years, it has been owned, if not always occupied, by the family of Henry L. O'Brien.
'' To make her diary even more creative, she changed certain names in her second draft.
''I call the show 'Think Big,' '' he explained.
He said Mr. Little gave a shelter in Chester, N.Y., as his address.
''That was a level of detail I didn't follow personally,'' he said in an interview, adding that the Administration was more focused on the philosophy of reducing Government than on the financial details.
I said, 'We've got to get the hell out of here.
Experts in corporate governance say any steps that make shareholders more active should be viewed by corporations as positive.
Makosky said that future efforts to eliminate the use of drugs in sports depends upon a change in emphasis from testing and doping controls to ''a reshaping of values.''
DeOssie Hurt The only apparent injury to the Giants was to Steve DeOssie's toe.
LAST week's maiden flight of a giant new Air Force rocket marks the beginning of the end of the military's ties to the troubled space shuttle.
If the voters do not act soon, the Federal courts will.
In the Hamptons it's pony camp.
The book is about a conscious, analyzed triumph over the very views that Dr. Geiger claims Margaret Lawrence internalized.
The decision to join the institute rests with local school districts.
He was 79 years old.
The fights would be staged one at a time over a period of several months.
In growing numbers they are becoming more demanding as they insist on playing a bigger role in deciding how the companies they have a stake in should manage themselves.
Such software offers a dramatic shortening in the time it takes to make these dense chips.
A Rise From $213 to $900 Under the pilot program, the monthly rate paid by the state to foster parents for the care of a foster child is increased from the current maximum of $213 to $900 for children with serious diseases, including cancer and diabetes, and for drug-addicted babies.
All these welcome changes we are seeing in the Warsaw Pact countries are neither irreversible nor cause for concluding that the West and NATO can reduce their military strength now.
Do not give children such a tightly budgeted amount of money that they have nothing for an extra phone call or that they cannot afford earphones for the movie if the price has risen.
Thousands of young Italians marched through the center of Rome today to protest proposals to make personal drug use a crime, organizers said.
Because details of the strategy remain vague and subject to negotiation with the banks, analysts say that a lot of guesswork is involved in any estimate.
World gold production is volatile, with major discoveries and disruptions of mining hard to predict.
But, she added, his ability to speak is lagging, and he is seeing a developmental specialist.
Yet each qualified as a game-winning r.b.i.
In addition to scrapping the submarine program, Mr. Wilson announced that 7 of Canada's 45 military bases would be closed and operations at another 7 curtailed, with a loss of 3,400 jobs.
'' There is, of course, no shortage of houses for Toni to see.
Add radish slices in vinegar, and cook for 14 minutes.
The Senate Ethics Committee said today that it had appointed a new outside counsel to investigate accusations that Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato may have improperly lobbied Federal housing officials on behalf of campaign contributors.
After the stickers appeared, losses declined because the manufacturer was able to pinpoint where its packages were being mistreated.
Bent on Warner Merger Insisting that it is not for sale, Time is bent on merging with Warner.
Mr. Davis, on the other hand, has a reputation for taking a tougher, more direct approach that could further alienate some Time executives.
Mr. Balancia said he had then contacted the County District Attorney.
There is something intimate about a bread basket, something that permits reaching out to one's dinner mates, something that affords a connection not unlike sharing from the same bottle of wine.
Officials have punched wells into the trash, venting the gas away from businesses and homes.
The committee's first order of business on Monday will be a decision on catastropic health insurance.
Both the mayoral task force and the foundation-supported Citizens Commission on AIDS argue for adding some 2,000 acute-care beds over the next four years.
The result was ''The Photography Catalog,'' a book modeled none too subtly on ''The Whole Earth Catalog.''
The confusion over what occurred in Zaire came close to unraveling the peace process last weekend when Mr. Savimbi briefly called off the cease-fire, complaining that the African leaders had misrepresented his side of the bargain.
The court indicated Monday night that this dispute had been settled, but the judge made no ruling today on the issue after the latest controversy arose.
That statement would seem to hint at a possible management demand for a fundamental restructuring of player pay, perhaps the cap on salaries that the former Seattle Mariners owner George Argyros has suggested, or a collectively bargained salary scale.
Purchased by Koussevitzky in 1939, the gracious estate remains the heart and soul of the Tanglewood summer music festival and the Tanglewood Music Center, where talented young conductors learn from the masters.
Won't 'Retire to the Berkshires' People close to Mr. Dukakis said that there were no hidden reasons for his decision, that 12 years were simply enough.
Sir John Richard Hicks, a winner of the Nobel Memorial Prize for Economic Science in 1972, died on Saturday at his home in Blockley, west of London, his family said.
management and British politicians, the Kuwait Investment Office continued to buy B.P.
winds in the Great Dark Spot, not to mention the 1,500-m.p.h.
Mr. Perry won a reduction in Mr. Papain's assessment, to $7,012 from $9,350.
Any fears that Bill Irwin, having arrived on Broadway, might have gone Broadway are quickly dispelled in ''Largely New York,'' the sweet, brief show that the invaluable New Vaudeville clown brought to the St. James last night.
In Rose's case, however, as an employee not covered by the collective bargaining agreement, he would not have that right.
It has an old-fashioned but rich look that goes along with the Byzantine feeling of some of this winter's evening clothes.''
Mr. Hawke is drinking milk and eating oatmeal cookies while Mr. Danson tries to force him to talk.
''It's tough for a Greek system to survive without houses.''
Dr. Allende's Government was brought down by the armed forces on Sept. 11, 1973, in the midst of chaos marked by property confiscations, shortages and inflation.
''Al and I did have serious discussions the last couple of days.
du Pont de Nemours & Company is offering $300 million in notes due 1996 through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc.
Shoreham Would Be Closed The New York Power Authority is one of three state agencies that must approve the deal between Mr. Cuomo and the Long Island Lighting Company, in which the utility has agreed to sell the $5.5 billion Shoreham plant for $1 in return for help in supplying energy on Long Island.
He has another role, just as important: as chief strategist for civil rights legislation.
Of those, more than 4,000 were more than two years old and about 10,000 were more than six months old.
''Greed'' is based on the Frank Norris novel ''McTeague,'' published in 1899.