Mr. Ovshinsky has no college degree but is nonetheless the guiding light of a company that has 65 Ph.D.'s among its employees.
Swooping and circling above the loft, it landed at about 9:20 A.M. An hour or so later, with almost all his birds home, Dr. Kazmierczak went back to the club to find out how he had done.
Despite the clumsy efforts to label the new generation of peace activists as agents, patsies or cowards, the movement is growing.
New 'Preference' Items The items that must be included in the minimum tax base - known as ''preference'' items because of the favorable tax treatment they receive - are largely the same ones encompassed by the old add-on tax, including the deduction for capital gains and accelerated depreciation on real property.
Williamson was going to be ready.
Mr. Whitney, who could not be reached yesterday, joined Allen-Bradley in 1969 as a product manager in the industrial control division, which he later headed.
Obviously it is possible to set out large plates and serve all the dishes at once.
Coming from Mr. Simon, such assessments are perilously close to praise.
Today's troop-support accord was signed as the press criticized Mr. Genscher because the youth wing of his Free Democratic Party, a member of the governing coalition, has said it will join demonstrations against the Atlantic alliance and President Reagan during a summit meeting here in June.
They th en requested that the Senate Judiciary Committee delay the nominati on so that questions about his remarks could be answered.
Through the fall and winter - and a spring full of unwelcome rain and snow - workmen took the par-70 course apart.
George Grier, the demographer who prepared the research center's analysis using Census Bureau data, testified for the school board and praised the board's efforts to unify the schools under difficult circumstances.
It could become more important after some money has been accumulated.
Fiat TTG, a subsidiary of Fiat S.p.A., the Italian auto maker, said today that it had been awarded a contract to supply the Tunisian Gas and Electricity Company with five gas turbines capable of generating 200,000 kilowatt-hours of electricity.
In the past year, the group has managed to drill holes one-tenth of a micron long in individual chromosomes.
Sarah and Gabrielle Frahm, who go to different colleges in New York, live in Chicago and spent their Thanksgiving together at the home of a friend.
They pointed out that six of the 11 Republicans on the Senate Finance Committee were running for reelection, along with four of the nine Democrats.
''Quarrel with the Governor,'' he said last year.
At its previous meeting in September, the committee voted a recommendation that would have changed the entire set of Federal guidelines into a nonbinding code of good laboratory practi ce.
Mr. Rubin has a tape recording of a question-and-answer session last month in Washington at which members of the Professional Air Traffic Controllers Organization asked Mr. Leighton about possibly using the coercion defense.
This, in turn, has provoked divisions and mass protests within the allied world and even in this country, and an outcry for a fundamental reappraisal of the policies of confrontation and the meaning and menace of nuclear war.
A Pepsico spokesman declined to estimate that cost, and Mr. Rashid, following the Tuesday meeting, also declined to disclose the purchase price for the tract in Whitehall Corners at the intersection of Routes 35 and 100.
She remembers the manager of the hall coming on stage and whispering something into Vallin's ear.
New land was irrigated, flooding was controlled, and electricity was generated and fed to villages and towns nearby.
Would allow police unions to contribute money to political campaigns.
Protesting workers still risk dismissal and even conscription as ''social parasites.''
Justice Brennan wrote a dissenting opinion, which was joined by Justices Marshall and Blackmun.
Open Thursday through Sunday from 12 to 7 and by appointment.
Mr. Bloomingdale became active in Republican politics after the party's 1964 national convention.
The report stated that lung cancer was likely to surpass breast cancer as a cause of death among women during this decade.
These instruments consist of eight touch-sensitive plates on the lower handle and 23 touch-sensitive plates along the neck, each of which activates, when touched, different functions such as tempo, modulation, vibrato, rhythm pattern and so forth.
He was 73 years old, and a resident of Chester, N.J. Mr. Chubb had served as president and chairman of the Federal Insurance Company, the National Insurance Company and the Sun Alliance Company.
The Soviet Union is facing a growing shortage of hard currency that could bring as many risks for creditors in a few years as Poland presents now, a Commerce Department official warned today.
Fiorello H. La Guardia was talked about as a candidate for national office, but nothing ever came of it.
''The Fed's record of trying to pull the Administration's chestnuts out of the fire is a long and not particularly edifying one, he added.''
To describe violence is not necessarily to glorify it - as radical film makers and playwrights in Germany have shown.
He left the company in 1980 to form American Landmark Properties.The firm owns several properties in Manhattan and is converting residential buildings in Toronto and the Washington, D.C., area.
Playwright, poet, novelist, polemical essayist and now autobiographer, Mr. Soyinka is unquestionably Africa's most versatile writer and arguably her finest.
That would require a Republican gain of 26 seats, a tremendous showing for an off-year election.
Last week, the 97th Congress went further, producing an actual reform bill.
The civil liberties group also made public a Justice Department draft memorandum, dated March 2 but never sent, that acknowledged the Government could lose draft registration cases on the basis of its selection of individuals for prosecution.
Cook and stir for about 3 minutes over boiling water.
I'd never thought of the game as another 25 minutes on the bicycle or another session on the Cybex exerciser.
''Did you come here to bless the Devils?''
Holmes, speaking from his home in Easton, Pa., said the arrangement suited him.
Down with this trendy blaming of substances when the problem lies, obviously, in the dose!
Only an intact egg, Mr. McLain said, will yield definite clues on the fertility problems of the eagles.
Yet the dancers were disarming in manner.
A lot of conversions to be made.
He had resigned himself to signing the autographs.
It still has control over consumer complaints, the regulation of international flights and a few other areas.
I should be more careful.''
Miss Cole, on the other hand, made all three of her pieces with bamboo and rags that focused on metaphorical implications in the shapes of primitive garments.
Houston Oilers These are the problems.
The Public Morals Division has 150 officers who operate citywide, enforcing gambling laws against ''numbers'' banks, bookmakers and clubs, along with liquor, prostitution and pornography laws, police officials said.
''Our major concern was that this would be seen as slick public relations, a lot of ballyhoo to pass a bond issue,'' said Pat Gossett, communications consultant to the project.
If the accord is rejected in the plebiscite or if Congress fails to act by the deadline, the Marshalls Government will consider the islands ''an independent nation,'' he said.
And while he has suggested delaying the July 1, 1983, instalment of the tax cut, he is against taking it away entirely and opposes most other permanent tax increases because they just encourage spending.
A series of afternoon theatrical performances, scheduled on alternating weeks, will begin on Oct. 24 at 2:30 P.M. with the Western Wind, a vocal ensemble.
But his eyes twinkle when he speaks of the visits of Sadat and Kissinger during the peace talks.
The Japanese Finance Ministry said there is no problem over the purchase, as in June last year it lifted an unofficial guidance restricting entry into the securities business abroad by Japanese banks.
Senator Baker said in a statement that he was convinced Democrats and Republicans in the House and the Senate could reach a budget compromise.
Peter O'Brien, Merrill Lynch's I.P.O.
EXPERIMENTS in the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Oceans, ranging from measurements in the deepest hole yet drilled into the sea floor to pounding the bottom with a remotely controlled hammer, have yielded a revolutionary view of the sea floor.
The average rate of return for all 15 companies on each $100 of total assets amounted to 56.9 cents for the quarter but only 53 cents for the year, compared with an average return of 54.3 cents in 1980.
There are no immediate survivors.
The doors are joined at the top and bottom.
Dinner is eaten early and many restaurants and bars close at around 9 P.M.
There is not much in the way of courts here, and he has never been called to account for any of the hijackings.
The Medical Letter, a nonprofit publication that keeps doctors abreast of the latest developments on drugs, is also skeptical about the effectiveness of chemical dietary aids, as is the American Medical Association.
During a student occupation of the admissions office, the president of Swarthmore suffered a heart attack and died.
According to the Warsaw radio, industrial work has been interrupted by a shortage of energy and raw materials.
Lunch and the lecture are $5; the lecture alone is only $1.50.
The likeness between father and son ended when the younger Budde failed to start in his rookie season and the talk of ''Ed Budde's promising son,'' shifted to ''Ed Budde's disappointing son.''
In the first half of this approach, the analysis said, ''We've got to be especially careful to avoid any expression that creates the impression that we rate the United States and the Soviet Union on the same level as 'the two superpowers.'
U.S. Aid Is Drying Up The fact is that Federal assistance is drying up.
Fred L. Hartley, chairman of the Union Oil Company, called it ''a sad current illustration of the principle that politics and not economics dominate governmental thinking.''
James Parish, a manager at the General Electric Company in Lynnfield, Mass., explained that some planes were scale models of real planes but most were not models of anything, just little planes designed for a special objective.
''Not to denigrate anyone else's facilities, but we have come along where we can learn by other's mistakes,'' said Dr. Fackelman, a dramatic looking man with a shaved head and a long, upturned handlebar mustache.
In the current fiscal year, company officials say Avis expects to make no profit in the United States, for the first time in its history.
But if bigcity crime has come to the suburbs, are the many small, independent police departments able to keep up?
He took me under his wing.
The Bell Telephone Company of Canada said today that demand for telecommunications services grew slowly during the first quarter.
Mr. Lumley, an easygoing politician who gets on well with businessmen and with such United States Administration figures as William E. Brock 3d, President Reagan's Special Trade Representative, replaces Herbert Gray, whose supervision of the Foreign Investment Review Agency has enveloped him in constant conflict.
Failing that, a couple of aides hinted, the White House will consider withholding political help from Mr. Helms in his re-election campaign in 1984.
Since quality bonds offer yields well in excess of what pension assets earn generally, corporations can save considerable money by turning to bonds that are dedicated to fund older employee pensions.
But with its accuracy and 10 warheads per missile, it could be used for a ''first strike'' against the Soviets.
The frightened, sullen crowd opens suddenly as a gray-haired woman, walking stiffly, her face impassive, appears and moves into the store.
There is a quickly figured difference in meaning, however: ''A ballpark figure is a rough estimate,'' explains lexicographer Sol Steinmetz, ''while a back-of-the-envelope sum is one simply or easily arrived at without the need of a pocket calculator.''
''To boycott a course on racial discrimination because part of it is taught by a white lawyer is wrong in principle and works against, not for, shared goals of racial and social justice,'' he wrote.
Police Justice Stanley Friedenberg of the Village of Old Westbury performed the garden ceremony.
The change saddens Isidore Halpern, who used to ride to his office in the front seat of a chauffeur-driven Rolls-Royce and whose crossexamination technique is examined in texts on the subject.
But if there is any bright spot in the company's outlook, he continued, it lies in the stringent measures that it has thus far taken to stem its losses.
While the sauce was competently prepared, the large sweetbreads were fat and lumpy.
These days, many companies turn to the dozen or so new product companies that do nothing but dream up concepts.
It worked, but my arm hurt so much I thought I broke it.''
In the Friday announcement, he stressed that his company ''will continue to publish'' The Chronicle.
The cuts require no further legislative action to take effect.
I am an oncologist (cancer specialist) practicing in Long Island and will suffer no financial damage if the X-ray therapy departments at the hospitals where I practice are closed down.
'With No Reward to Speak Of' Mr. Silverman promptly gave the two writers a go-ahead.
Some described a study prepared in late summer by planners of the Military Airlift Command.
He vowed today that the 24,000-square-mile reservation's uranium, coal and other natural resources would no longer be ''exploited'' by energy companies.
Their candidate is Chris Lindley, a City Councilman.
Each hill will grow into ''one'' potato plant.
It can be made in the blender in seconds.
Governor Brown of Kentucky said, ''Federalism is not going to solve the problems of this nation.''
Challenged Stalin and Khrushchev Having challenged Stalin in 1948 and having lived to enjoy his rehabilitation, he also faced down a blustering Nikita S. Khrushchev in 1956.
People were standing in line outside Commercial Union Insurance, one of several companies representing the hotel and its owners, Crown Center Redevelopment, when the doors were opened at 9 A.M. A Kansas City lawyer, John Murphy, said that the insurance company was working with a list of 700 to 800 names compiled from police reports and emergency room records.
Steinbrenner said that he was hoping to display Bobby Brown this spring, especially in games against the Atlanta Braves, who have shown some interest in him, in the hope of trading the unhappy outfielder.
Darcy Joy Rudder and Bradford Bartram Griswold were married yesterday at the Congregational Church in Canton Center, Conn., by the Rev.
''I look back now at what I went through, and I see that I was just growing and I wasn't sure I wanted to,'' said Mrs. Catalano.
A few years ago, the festival introduced the idea of presenting its first concert indoors in a Greenwich Village church, and this one was given at Grace Church, the imposing 19th-century Gothic structure on Broadway at 10th Street.
''There are only three ways we could satisfy the criteria for equal treatment,'' Mr. Bombaugh said.
''Miserere'' by Gregorio Allegri, ''Improperia'' by Victoria, ''Adoramus Te, Christe'' by Antonio Lotti and Monteverdi, Gregorian chant psalms and antiphons.
Mr. Green's case is the only one to have been tried.
In addition, he said the Soviet Union after World War II had violated the Yalta agreements by its ''repression'' of Eastern Europe and had more recently violated chemical and biological warfare agreements by using toxic weapons in Southeast Asia and Afghanistan.
The rotary was branded as a Japanese engine with an American disease - it was a gas-guzzler.
Abu Yasir, he said, was a Lebanese.
To achieve that feat would require overcoming so many new obstacles that the early Soviet lead would provide little advantage to Moscow.
According to these American officials, even before the Israeli invasion of Lebanon, some Palestinian officials offered to recognize privately Israel's right to exist and to meet the other American conditions.
Arias, 18 years old, defeated Francisco Gonzalez of Puerto Rico, 7-5, 6-1.
But, she added, the berries that were ripening were of good quality.
One of the items made available was a document, signed by President Reagan on Dec. 1, 1981, asserting the need for a covert intelligence operation in the region.
King Hassan again ruled out any negotiations with the Polisario Front, the Marxist-led guerrilla group that has been fighting Moroccan forces for control of the phosphate-rich Western Sahara, a former Spanish territory that Morocco took over in stages starting in 1976.
The Republican National Committee held high hopes for Mr. Crowley, a former Broome County Republican chairman.
Middleton said that he has noted a decreasing level of intimidation in N.H.L.
You become your house, be it narrow Federal or squat little salt box.
By the time Mr. Bush began his speech, finger-pointing at imagined Democrats, the Hasidim were still dahvening, rocking meditatively, a study in church-state syncopation.
''Whether we have one competitor or 20 competitors is academic.
When food processors swept the marketplace, the brief instruction manuals accompanying them were all there was to leave unread.
Pope John Paul II, ending a two-day pastoral visit here, called on Sicilians today to construct a society without violence or war, without unemployment or narcotics.
Commuter railroad lines will be more comfortable, with more than 70 percent of their air-conditioning systems working.
Business Digest, Page Page D1
Inevitably, perhaps, the author whose recurrent imagery in his writings is that of solitude, was developing the theme of ''the solitude of Latin America.''
Some rumors, above all those relating to financial questions, seem to flow almost naturally from the currency crisis, but others are so detailed in spreading word of purported incidents that many political analysts believe they are planted with the intent of causing distress.
But other difficulties were of Chicago's making.
Let him cut a culotte with a certain fullness and Seventh Avenue is suddenly full of variations.
But his neighbors in this southeast Texas hamlet no longer consider the transplanted Cajun from Rayne, La., much of an oddity.
The weak no-trump returned to America in the 1950's as part of the Kaplan-Sheinwold system and has attracted many of the more adventurous experts ever since.
New York City has a Council, How it fell into a trap!
At the end of the sentence there is an unspoken ''but'' of regret.
Statement Tacked to Door In response to last night's move, a statement bearing the signatures of 19 officers and members of the Journalists' Association, with Mr. Bratkowski's at the top, was tacked onto a door at the association's headquarters in downtown Warsaw.
Compared with the estimated $19 billion of net new corporate notes and bonds that might be sold this year, even a modest shift out of the money funds into longer-term issues could help reduce note and bond yields.
Heisman Trophy ballots are in the hands of voters this week, and the sectional support for Herschel Walker of Georgia and John Elway of Stanford should be especially interesting.
According to Mr. Stoltz, ''his work has been reproduced more often than the work of Michelangelo, Picasso and Rembrandt put together.''
As a result, the Detroit Public School District will, among other things, lose 163 teachers, 470 teacher's aides, 22 administrators and approximately 100 other school employees.
None of the parties would comment on the specifics of the talks or the purchase agreement.
It will be the first to run commercials on a continuing series on the public television station, one of 10 such stations participating nationally in a Congressionally directed test of ways to offset financial losses from reduced Government support.
''The forechecking by both sides was tremendous.
And while I'm quibbling, I may as well mention that one isn't ''enthrall to'' a ''vision'' or ''a dream,'' one is in thrall; and one uses special scrip, not ''script,'' to pay for items in the Friendship Store.
Tokyo Shimbun, quoting Government sources, said that Japan will tell the United States in talks in Washington on Monday that it is willing to expand import quotas on peanuts, kidney beans, peas, tomato ketchup, tomato sauce, canned pineapple, fruit puree, fruit paste and herring.
In 1980, the Veterans Administration wanted to commission a sculpture for its huge new 520-bed hospital.
And he was not in mourning at having lost his title shot.
The moderator gently guides the group's discussion, starting with general conversation about eating or drinking habits.
''We would, normally, in any other circumstances, love to have the network money - especially here, where we're coming off of a deficit,'' Brodhead said.
Marine has total assets of $450.2 million.
This budget season has seen the Mayor avoid accusations and instead mildly predict that the budget ''will ultimately all fall into place.''
A ship surfaces after 437 years; amphorae hint that the Romans sailed to South America; and those of us whose imaginations are captured by digs and dives, by the gold of Troy and the treasures of Tutankhamun, can only give the world the movie expletive it deserves.
Joe's not a man of many words.''
The battle began last month with a bid by Bendix for the Martin Marietta Corporation.
Actually, the students don't perform until their last two years and then rarely.
boasted of ordering an attack on Israeli soldiers in Gaza.
On the stock exchange in London, the total value of shares fell $3.6 billion, compared with a $5 billion drop on Monday.
Commissioner Hennessy estimated that the state would need $4.5 billion over 10 to 20 years to put its highways in good shape and said the Reagan budget would ''leave us $200 million short in Federal dollars over the next few years.''
Banker's Acceptance: Negotiable, bank-guaranteed i.o.u.
'Younger and Younger' ''We were seeing the kids who use drugs getting younger and younger,'' said Kevin McEneaney, director of public information for Phoenix House.
Many other questions also remain unanswered, not least whether General Paredes can build a political coalition to sponsor his candidacy in 1984.
NEW YORKERS Chicago City Limits started life in the windy city in 1977, its members coming from the workshop of the Second City comedy group.
And he noted that in the past 15 months, Collaborative has acquired a new bank, a largely new board and managment and new capitalization.
They also make certain that the safety of the animals is not jeopardized.
In the years that followed, A.F.S.C.M.E.
Steve Garvey, who had led off with a single, was forced at second by Rick Monday, and Martin walked Cey.
''We have no intention of filing for bankruptcy, the need is not there and we're not in default,'' a company spokesman said.
After Remlinger's 24 ... Q-Q4, Browne forced the gain of more material with 25 R-B3.
''They say that it's going to blow.
- Whether the huge deals of the past year, most of them involving premium prices, create any significant value for shareholders.
Last month, Mr. Williams said, average occupany at his hotel was close to 70 percent, nearly double that for other hotels in Phoenix during the slack summer season.
Simmer the brains in the stock for 20 minutes.
He said the United States supported all efforts to end the war in a way that would preserve the territorial integrity and sovereignty of Iran and Iraq.
Asked why he ventured into the New York market, an area that many other large banks try to avoid, Mr. Kenzie replied, ''You can't ignore it - it's a market of eight million people.''
''We are not going to be locked into a women's political ghetto,'' she said.
''Little Shop of Horrors,'' the musical based on a Roger Corman film of the same title, drew such an enthusiastic response during its recent Off Off Broadway workshop at the W.P.A.
To keep this ''favorite'' of her three marriages, Margot had moved to Connecticut.
A New Rochelle resident is arrested for possessing forged Conrail tickets.
We have a certain amount of cash, a post-petition secured line of credit in final stages, and will be receiving additional proceeds from our divestitures.
I'm a fan and an employer.
ANIMA doesn't give Dunkle orders any more; she (as Dunkle thinks of it) tells him shaggy-dog stories, broadcasts blue movies, recites poetry and sings snatches of old songs.
But let me be clear: we have a right to be heard, but we have no intention of using our support for Israel's security as a way of imposing our views.
I hated to do it, but I had to do it.''
The Soviet stance since Britain sent its warships toward the Falkland Islands has been to accuse Britain regularly of imperialist and colonialist aggression and to accuse Secretary of State Alexander M. Haig Jr., even before Washington's declaration of support for London on Friday, of siding with the British in pursuit of American ''military-strategic goals in the South Atlantic.''
They could not sell their properties for five years without the written consent of the Finance Minister.
This time, I felt that I was talking to all the people who have written to me, all the fans out there.
And it was in Quercy that the English-French and the French-French waged civil war for 300 years.
And the Civil Liberties Union, he said, ''is the living force that keeps the Bill of Rights alive.''
As with many others who are seriously ill, hemodialysis patients evidence high rates of depression, suicide, divorce, absenteeism and tardiness.
Recently she has felt that she should resign from some, but they will not think of it.
Clearly, the modern Western notion that all people are born equal remains less than universally appreciated in a country whose dominant social system emphases maintaining caste and group purity.
He was graduated from Brown University and received a master's degree from the New York University School of Business Administration.
Mrs. Hoguet's goals are musical as well as financial.
Engine One, the pace-setter, surrendered the lead in the final 50 yards and hung on for second.
But Mr. Zucker did have a case to make, if not the voice to make it with.
More important, he carried with him a lucrative offer from a major publishing house to buy publication rights to ''Wonderful Things.''
The Osage solo, created for Marjorie Tallchief by her husband, George Skibine, was slower and more dignified, a sustained flow of big arabesques, extensions, poses on point and steely turns.
''And Paul said, 'I'll see that you have access.'
Correct answer: ''Gregory's Girl,'' made by a 34-year-old Scottish director-writer named Bill Forsyth.
Today's Columns Stuart E. Eizensta t, a Carter adviser, is h ighly critical of President Reagan's energy policy.
Both the Senate telecommunications bill, passed last summer, and a draft in the House contain provisions that would protect the newspaper publishing industry from competition by Bell in providing home information services.
The second pacemaker is justified as a precaution in the event the first fails.''
Its shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
To the south the terrain grows more like southern New Jersey, with sandy soil.
Nearly two inches of rain in the California desert have left large puddles and running water on the sand runways.
At Powder Ridge, which is a 90-minute drive from New York City and less than 30 minutes from Hartford, skiers can enjoy this center's wide slopes on weekends until 3 o'clock in the morning.
MR. SHER: Even though we are based in Paterson, we sell all over the East Coast.
At this writing, there were no three-night charters.
Both Mr. Maluta and Mr. Bruchhausen were indicted last year for illegally exporting semiconductor manufacturing equipment to the Soviet Union.
A computer system analyzes the radar signals and by rejecting low-speed or stationary targets is thus able to pick up low-altitude targets against the ''background clutter'' of radar reflections from the ground.
I used to go to track practice before school and baseball pratice after school.
He noted that there were unconfirmed reports from time to time that the missing have been sighted in Southeast Asia.
Mr. Garrity was a graduate of St. Peter's College and received a master's degree from Seton Hall University.
''I hope that I can contribute to it in some way with this movie.''
Wells wrote in a study locked from the outside.
He also said that he and Upshaw would testify Thursday on the ''Professional Sports Stabilization Act of 1982'' before the House Judiciary subcommittee on monopolies and commercial law.
Indeed, while the Taylor Law has not prevented strikes since its enactment in 1967, its penalty provisions do deter strikes in many cases - particularly a second strike by the same union.
The chairman of the new group is Matthew Nimetz, the former Under Secretary of State for Security Assistance, Science and Technology, and now a partner of the New York law firm of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison.
The drama is thus a tremendous knot of grief, passion and jealous fury, and it ends in marriage, murder, self-slaughter and madness.
But the parks are also the focal points of a community's fear of crime.
''Steel is in chaos,'' he added.
I know in one agency in the Government right now, a major agency, there are some people voluntarily taking these because they themselves knew that they had association with and knowledge of a tremendous leak that occurred.
The split was 51 percent for Pickett and 11 percent for Doubleday.
In her last chapter, Professor Marling concludes that when Americans looked at murals in the Depression, they were looking for ''the courage to dream.''
Sue Simmons, the co-anchor with Mr. Scarborough at 11 P.M., and with Jack Cafferty on WNBC's ''Live at Five,'' earns $275,000.
Fine as the actors are, they cannot, of course, give Mr. Gurney's anecdotes a dramatic spine.
The frail, powerless Government of President Abolhassan Bani-Sadr and his Westernized moderates was crushed.
Tennis: All England Championships, at Wimbledon, England.
To Add 100 Cars a Month Fifty Fugazy vehicles, which will be part of a new company called Fugazy Express, will be on the streets today, Mr. Fugazy said, and 100 more will be added each month for the next five years.
Steve Braun is going back to the farm.
So I think this was a very successful tactical move and not one of ''principle.''
Asked when he had achieved such a satisfying victory, Nastase, who is only 97th in the world now, thought for a moment and said, ''A long time ago.''
Coca-Cola, the nation's largest soft drink manufacturer, said that domestic retail sales of its soft drink products increased about 4 percent but that actual syrup shipments declined 3 percent during the quarter because of stockpiling by bottlers and wholesalers last December, in advance of price increases that were announced by Coke in February.
The auction runs from April 15 to 24, with prospective purchasers seeing the items on television and placing their bids by telephone.
Meanwhile, Garvey and Upshaw were accompanied to yesterday's meeting with management by Mark Murphy of the Redskins and Stan White of the Lions, both members of the union's executive committee.
Carol Sanders of Nashville, Tenn., and Betty Ann Kennedy of Shreveport, La., captured the title after taking the 40th and last qualifying position at the end of the preliminaries.
Technically this is not Mr. Reissfelder's first experience of what he calls ''knowing that I won't have to be in my room for the 5 o'clock count.''
also sells computers, calculators and geophysical services while Motorola is primarily a communications equipment vendor.
And Miss Acker's text sounds at least promising in its apocalypticpolitical-mystical-erotic way.
the spring semester began Feb. 8, and the influx of applications for admission to graduate programs in the School of the Arts next fall will mount in the next several weeks, peaking around May.
At lunch and dinner there is always bread and butter as well as a ''muchas-calorias,'' a casserole, sweet potatoes, rice or some such, but you must ask for it.
It's constitutionally contemplated and an important element in our justice system.''
Literature began, you know, as an oral tradition of storytelling and that's what I want to recreate: the intimacy and directness, the magic.
Those who grew up in the towns and villages that ring the metropolitan area, or moved to them in the years of postwar expansion, are accustomed to closely monitoring how their money is spent.
''Better late than never,'' said Mikan last week from Minneapolis where he is the owner of the George Mikan Travel Agency.
Miss Schwam, the only woman among 13 male runners, finished second over all with 384 miles.
He added that business had been ''sluggish'' in most segments of the company's overseas and domestic markets and that this situation was likely to continue through the first quarter of 1982.
A gift of $50 came from Muriel T. Gould of Palm Beach, Fla., who said in a letter, ''Although I have moved to Florida, I still think of New York as my very own city.''
CHIEN-SHIUNG WU, physicist, scholar and teacher, Doctor of Science, in recognition of ''a long and distinguished career dedicated to the advancement of knowledge and in appreciation of dedicated service to Columbia University.''
Outcome of Treasury Sale Dealers said the downward pressure on short-term interest rates yesterday was not so great as for longer-term issues because shortterm rates are lower than long-term rates and because the potential profits from a drop in interest rates are greater for long-term issues.
Theater Development Fund vouchers are accepted.
''We are not capitalists,'' Mr. Gu said.
It is incontestably one of the better collections of American art in the country, despite shortcomings such as insufficient representation of certain periods.
When they finally did meet, of course, things turned serious, to the point where a chastened Miss Cannon was forced to spend New Year's Eve alone.
Floyd missed a 15-foot shot.
Broadway has its first $5 million musical.
''He now feels more keenly what he is missing on the outside.''
''It's a third choice for book buyers,'' Mr. Horowitz, a resident of Clifton, said about his ''Flexibook,'' which he described as ''a boardless, semirigid, wonderfully glossy cover that for a pittance - between 17 and 30 cents in manufacturing costs - will really upgrade paperbacks.
Peel and cube avocados and gently mix into salad.
From that background and that environment, Mr. Hoskins believes, comes an energy that infuses his performances, whatever the status or nationality of the character he is playing: Richard III, Iago, Bosola in Webster's ''The Duchess of Malfi,'' Lee in Sam Shepard's ''True West'' or, his current success at the National Theater, Nathan Detroit in ''Guys and Dolls.''
He said he decided to broadcast the report ''because I believe it to be true.''
Much of what has been accomplished lately represents a drift toward the kind of capitalist initiative that made Taiwan one of Asia's flourishing market states.
Yr-ago results have been restated to reflect the adoption of F.A.S.B.
Plant outdoors in a protected bed outdoors in early spring.
He tries to tip her for the favor.
The prosecutors were doubtful that a jury could have been convinced that the Congressman had known he was harboring a fugitive, a lesser Federal offense in any event.
It no longer works, but when it did, Hoover, without leaving his bed, could press a button to open the windows.
He favors a sales tax increase, but it failed its initial test in the Senate last week, an indication some Republicans might defect to the Karcher side if the right buttons were pushed.
''It makes you lean more to God.
They will face stiff opposition from three American teams and one Canadian team.
After a while, the cab was getting to be a trap.
''But I saw my real fans at the rail, cheering me.
This also explains why it is a mistake to think that by applying, say, a redwood stain to a deck made of pine or fir, you will get the appearance of real redwood.
Its original subtext, alluding to Pan's pursuit of the nymph, Syrinx and how she is saved when the gods turn her into a reed, is less evident - except for the pillarlike forms Miss Lyman assumes on occasion when her partner carries her or approaches her.
Then Mr. Bujones whirls in and they dance together, little steps for the feet often appearing to be equivalents of phrases in a conversation.
In an apparent ruse, the police first asked them to produce the permits that all whites must have to enter Soweto.
Now Laurie is Long Island University's senior fullback and captain.
Shake out the excess water and place the brush on a towel to dry, bristles down, away from sun or heat.
I don't want reflections of me.''
Round 6 - Darrell Nicholson, linebacker, North Carolina.
On 17 R-B1, it was no use trying 17 .
Today he heard members of the Senate's Select Committee on Ethics charge him with bringing dishonor to the Senate by agreeing to use his office for personal gain.
And the Russians could easily retaliate by barring American officials from their weekly dip in the Moskva River.
''We turn our backs to the wind,'' Mr. Kaye explained.
So widespread has advertising for such ''hidden benefit'' booklets become that the Social Security Commissioner and three Congressional leaders, men who are often in sharp dispute over retirement issues, joined in a bipartisan warning to older people to rely instead on nearly 50 free brochures that anyone can get from the Social Security Administration or any member of Congress.
Israel said Tuesday that the Cabinet would discuss the question Thursday, after Foreign Minister Yitzhak Shamir returns from Washington.
''In my judgment, our role for now and for the future is purely limited military assistance.
The producers are Isobel Robins Konecky and Lee Reynolds, and the story about the housewife in Nebraska - in Wahoo, Neb., to be exact - is more or less true.
''No matter how extravagant the First Lady is,'' she said, ''she cannot be extravagant enough for 48 million Filipinos.''
Gallery admission: $2; students, $1.
Resentment Turns to Regret One dealer who has not ''dualed'' is Lawrence Tynan, who sells Chevrolets in Middletown, N.J. Mr. Tynan, who resented the Japanese intrusions into the American market, now regrets not having taken on an import several years ago.
B-Net income after an extraordinary gain of $234,000 on the exchange of debentures
A report in July by Salomon Brothers said Fleet ''should be a prime beneficiary of any relaxation of interstate banking barriers,'' adding that its offices are ''increasingly being staffed with personnel capable of offering a variety of financial services to customers.''
Aristotle passed on no advice about affirmative action.
Perhaps he was persuaded that Mr. Allen's presence made him politically vulnerable, or perhaps he felt guilty at the graceless way he let a loyalist dangle, but the result of the scapegoating is that Ronald Reagan is the only card-carrying hard-liner in the White House with access to the Oval Office.
A Federal magistrate today permitted a Saudi Arabian sheik to remain free on $25,000 bond pending a hearing on a charge he tried to sell a stolen $1.2 million ring.
The English event is a race, marking the 1906 end of laws requiring a man with a red flag to run in front of a car to warn of its approach.
The contest was one of 46 Assembly elections in which campaign committee funds and Assembly employees under Mr. Genovese's direction were involved.
Meets at 11 A.M. and 3 P.M.
''Is not,'' she began firmly.
Insurgent's Strength Considerable Mr. Church faces an unexpected struggle for survival.
The formula funding in U.S.D.A.
The bulk of Arturo Toscanini's recordings were made for RCA from the mid-40's on with the NBC Symphony Orchestra.
A Challenge to Jeans Where do you buy painter's pants?
Another is Joseph ''Joey the Clown'' Lombardo, reputed to be a mob street captain on Chicago's West Side and mob liasion to teamster officials.
''We have played around with the obvious types of things - how games could be made up, playing with free agents,'' Schramm said from Dallas.
They regularly elect a Communist mayor nowadays (who does go to mass, by the way).
But his economic advisers, on the grounds that a balanced budget was of paramount importance, persuaded him to raise taxes instead.
The Barrister computer system, which was introduced in 1972, offers a wide range of software applications for law firms, including word processing, financial management, litigation support and records management.
''They must help with the actual therapy, and they must help the child understand the therapy.''
He would stay the night and the following day, and then fly back to New Jersey, where he was a running back for the Giants.
International Guatemalan thrusts bring fear to Mexican border 2 Reagan promises to work with Mexico on its economic trouble 3 Bolivians hail leader home from exile 3 Around the World 4 South Africa threatens new curbs on rural blacks 4 Hunt for trapped submarine con- tinues in Sweden 5 Arab League to seek Israel's ex- pulsion at General Assembly 6 Italy asks strengthening of Beirut peace force 6 Baptist chapel in Jerusalem de- stroyed and arson is suspected 6 Saudis deport 69 Iranians after a riot in Medina 6 WASHINGTON TALK Briefing 10 The nine lives of "New Federalism" 10 HOLIDAY WEEKEND Columbus Day will be observed on Monday.
At Columbia's School of the Arts -which houses the film program - at New York University's School of the Arts and other units, at the Juilliard School, and a platoon of other institutions, the offerings are so rich and diverse that Schuyler Chapin, the Columbia school's dean, says: ''The opportunities for top-notch professional training are unbelievable.''
Rhonda Higgins, of Three Rivers Mich, said, ''I was interested because they have people doing the Chinese needlework without a pattern.
Donna testified that another piece of wood, a split baseball bat with holes in it, was also used at the school.
The matches were reduced to two of three sets by agreement.
Judge Gesell said that the ''plaintiffs' statutory claims are groundless,'' but he did not say exactly why.
The number of medium-range missiles in debate is small compared with Soviet and American strategic forces, which could threaten much the same targets.
International Business Machines, the industry leader in mainframe computers, has recovered its glamour image with institutional investors to a degree.
The landing ships involved were presumably vessels of the 5,674-ton Sir Lancelot class, of which six have been sent to the South Atlantic.
The intent to shock is gone or treated in a self-mocking manner.
'' Tended the Engine The youth said he spent most of his time in the bowels of the Brown tending to her engine, cleaning the equipment and monitoring the water pressure.
Mr. Chayat's work was prominent in private collections and synagogues in Syracuse.
Now, though he is still short, his color has darkened and he has gained weight, giving him the portly appearance of prosperity.
The Seattle production, Mr. Ross says, is truer to the ''Ring'' and to its audience.
In 1978, they were granted $1.2 million to pay for research and preliminary designs for the project.
Gold's price fell $5.70 an ounce after posting a modest gain in Europe.
In addition to showing new movies, there will be a retrospective of great American thrillers from the 1940's and the 50's.
The Salt Lake Rescue Mission has run out of beds for the homeless, many of whom now spend the night sleeping in church pews.
If men were angels, we would need no government.''
Wood, 63, the chief since 1976.
''I've always had an interest in the arts; I majored in American studies and art history at Yale, and I go to the theater, attend concerts, read books and even have an art collection.
Many of us who helped form television then often work within it still, and we see how excellence and originality are not the necessity today.
In advance of today's sale of $7 billion of new Treasury bills due in one year, dealers offered the upcoming issue on a when-issued basis at a rate of 10.25 percent.
Mr. d'Aubuisson, who has accused the Christian Democrats of plotting to steal the election, said, ''The people in Guatemala have learned that anyone who wins with fraud ends up badly.''
Representative Richard A. Gephardt, Democrat of Missouri, referring to Mr. Reagan's challenge for critics to come up with alternatives, said: ''He says 'put up or shut up.'
This film is not rated.
They want crucifix necklaces and patron saint medals, rosaries and Sacred Heart of Jesus wall plaques, Infant of Prague figurines and Charisma magazine.
''I share Mr. Wolfe's irritation at the extent to which many contemporary architects seem to make words their priority,'' Mr. Goldberger said.
Ritter (R) N Y 16.
The bride's parents are Mr. and Mrs. Marvin Lewis Geisler of Camarillo, Calif., formerly of Ridgewood, N.J. Kathleen C. Farrell was maid of honor for the bride, whose attendants included Helen Donovan, sister of the bridegroom.
Davis keeps a collection of garlic cloves hanging on a rope to the left of his locker-room cubicle, two down from Felton's.
Almost the entire staff of the Moscow German newspaper Deutsche Zentral-Zeitung was killed during three days in February 1938.
They maintain that Miss Rand, who died in New York last Saturday at the age of 77, was interested less in literary immortality than in using her novels to explain Objectivism, which she described as a belief in ''the concept of man as a heroic being, with his own happiness as the moral purpose of life, with productive achievement as his noblest activity and reason as his only absolute.''
He also said that Britain's membership in the European Economic Community has disproportionally hurt the Ulster economy.
The atmosphere is attractive and the drinks are sensibly priced.
There are no other good trainers around (''none'').
noted that Sunkist was currently negotiating with two prospective buyers.
Though the gold medal traditionally honors design ability, that has not always been the prime factor in selecting its recipients.
The owner of the site, a local real-estate man, said through his lawyer that he had no idea the city had been building a firehouse on his property over the past year.
Those numbers, Mr. Morrison felt, placed him in reach of victory.
He or she can also monitor the call, listen in and decide whether to talk.
NBC, which has withstood the patently racist onslaught against''Sister, Sister,'' deserves a torrent of congratulatory letters from TV audiences everywhere.
''Not every deaf child can be educated in a public school,'' Mr. Chatoff responded.
It also opens new vistas for students.
Carolyn Reed, executive director of the National Committee on Household Employment, a project of the Urban League, said she did not consider it a wise idea to turn a working relationship into a familial one.
he told his cheering audience.
Superlative hounds quickly applied it to bleaches being shipped across town.
When the speaker got to the official explanation that the presence of cameramen led to rioting and stone-throwing, there were cries of ''Shame!''
Although compassion, not economics, was his main subject today, Mr. Reagan did contend that the 9.4 percent unemployment rate was not as onerous as it might seem, because of the patterns of joblessness.
There had been no uprising, but, according to Western diplomats, 200 anti-Government troops deserted while loyalists rounded up many Patasse supporters, arrested some, shot between 15 and 40 others and purged both the judiciary and Mr. Patasse's party.
One individual I know found a Delft cup for $35 and sold it for $250.
Stolen front ends typically are sold to body shops for substantially less than the cost from legitimate sources, said Russell McKinnon, a spokesman for the Coalition to Halt Automotive Theft.
He surrendered quietly, Mr. Rohr said.
Certainly Faye Dunaway's face is there: open, alert, smiling an uncertain smile, ruefully Irish among the Brooklyn Duffys and Finns and McGaheys, patient and proud and waiting, waiting, waiting.
He will face the incumbent, Senator Donald W. Riegle Jr., a Democrat who was unopposed for renomination.
Born in Dawson City, Alaska, on Nov. 23, 1902, Mr. Jory spent his adolescence in Pasadena, Calif., and attended the University of California in Berkeley for a year before embarking on his stage career.
Occasionally they find that a wine that previously merited little attention has emerged as a consensus favorite, or that a wine with a big reputation has fallen short.
The two have worked together since Palmer left England 20 years ago, when the brain drain was still flowing in this direction.
Seppi Renggli, the Swiss-born chef of the Four Seasons restaurant in Manhattan, regularly prepares rosti to accompany duck with red cabbage or calf's liver with apples and onions.
''He's sorry now and feels he ought to be forgiven,'' the psychiatrist said.
''This is really crazy,'' said Sally Goodgold, chairman of Community Board 7, which has recommended a number of changes to scale down the Lincoln West plan, but which is most concerned about the rail freight issue. ''
Bard Without Frills HENRY IV, PART I, by Shakespeare; directed by Peter Coe; settings and costumes designed by David Chapman; deputy exeutive director, Roger Sherman; production stage manager, El- liott Woodruff; hair by Rick Echols; fights staged by B.H.
Jaki Byard, a pianist who came to prominence playing with Charles Mingus, will be performing at the Angry Squire, 217 Seventh Avenue, near 23d Street.
The Salvadoran rebels had reported on June 27 over Radio Venceremos, their clandestine station, that two battalions of Honduran troops were operating in El Salvador in a joint operation with the Salvadoran Army.
Sir Freddie Laker (right), who revolutionized North Atlantic air travel in 1977 with his $135 Skytrain flights, was saddled with $350 million in debt.
This is 600 more than in December 1980, but perhaps 200 of these might represent the reporting change, according to Sgt.
Seattle wanted either Mike Witt, the Angels' best young pitcher, or Dick Schofield Jr., the Angels' best minor league prospect, but the Angels balked at relinquishing either player.
What law is it and why was this technical violation in the news?
''With the kind of competition you are seeing these days at the street level, a lot of these guys are going to end up going out of business.''
The drive against corruption seems certain to pick up, though how broad the net will be spread is in question.
Their assets now total $31.14 billion.
The emerging scientific consensus concerning the physiological causes of premenstrual syndrome, however, has yet to impress itself upon the public at large.
'This Is a Bold Step' ''We realize this is a bold step,'' Mr. Morrison said at a press conference at the company's Arco Towers in Los Angeles.
Mr. Oates is certainly correct in emphasizing the debilitating psychological impact of generations of slavery and segregation on Southern blacks, but he fails to delineate the conditions, apart from the appearance of a charismatic leader, that enabled them to confront and overcome that legacy.
A character in Joseph Conrad's ''The Secret Sharer'' exhorts a partner in conversation: ''Be lucid, but spare me the details.''
''Business is not that great, and nobody is rushing over here from Manhattan to have their pants cleaned.
It will replace an outmoded plan drafted in the late 1960's and chart the uses and needs of the sanctuary for the next 10 to 20 years.
The future bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Jack Callicott of Memphis, who have announced her engagement to the son of Jean Rice Goodell of Bronxville and Chatauqua, N.Y., and Charles E. Goodell of Washington, former United States Senator from New York.
Al was probably a very romantic character when Jacqui married him, good-looking, vital, tough, very much in love with this European beauty and slightly crazy, which would go with his obsession with racing.
In a move that further complicates the battle for control of the Florida National Banks of Florida, the company is seeking to acquire the Landmark Banking Corporation of Florida, Landmark announced on Friday.
This terrible tragedy underscores the desperate need for a true peace in the Middle East, one which takes full account of the needs of the Palestinian people.
''It was very frightening,'' Davis said.
They can't believe what we have to go through.''
Mr. Eiseman, who lived in Cambridge, Mass., was president of Bay Banks, a major bank holding company in the Massachusetts area, from 1948 to 1966, and remained a director until 1974.
overcame sluggish sales in the computer industry to report a second-quarter profit of $1 billion, up 24 percent from the level of a year earlier.
It was all of a vulgarity!
(The William Marvy Company of St. Paul, Minn., leading manufacturer of barber poles, still refers to them in the old-fashioned way.)
A small composing competition was also established at Bowdoin for the Aeolians.
Since applying for emigration, Alian and Cris (both architects) have been dismissed from their jobs.
Helmut Kohl, the Christian Democratic chief who hopes to supplant Mr. Schmidt, said he would try to bring a no-confidence vote aganst the Chancellor next week.
''We do that the first week.
But, after this month, a cop here will be basically a backup to the Housing Police, handling one family dispute after another.
He Worked on Bay of Pigs As a Government agent, Mr. Wilson infiltrated labor unions and helped coordinate various Central Intelligence Agency activities against Cuba, including the Bay of Pigs operation.
When she won her first national amateur championship, in 1957, it was on this course.
Some of the lyrics are perhaps intended ironically, but they end as fuzzy thinking.
We have made progress; now that progress is jeopardized by Federal cuts, a national recession and decreased state aid.
I've never experienced such solicitude from another man.
Often criticized for being a sexless actress while playing some of opera's most passionate, tempestuous heroines, Miss Sutherland retorted: ''If you want to see a wonderful actress, you go to see a straight play.''
But the Hopewell way of death is as striking as it is inexplicable: the 130 acres acquired by the conservancy contain funeral mounds laden with exquisite pre-Columbian artifacts made from materials not native to Ohio.
Tim Miller will also take advantage of DTW's fine facilities.
Digital records even were denounced as a health risk, with Dr. John Diamond of the Institute of Behavioral Kinesiology at Valley Cottage, N.Y., claiming that they induce stress in listeners.
Until now, these transmissions have crossed the country on long-distance lines such as those of the American Telephone & Telegraph Company and MCI Communications Corporation, the nation's second-largest long-distance telephone company.
''The Court felt that the jail time was appropriate, and the District Attorney's office had taken no position on the sentence,'' Judge Friess said.
We saw it as important to apprise the United States, our full partner in the peace process, of our views and perceptions.''
'You give two beats,' he told me, 'and I'll change the tempo correctly.'
The rock is an enormous gray volcanic slab, almost 100 feet from head to tail, that clings despite all its mass with a poised lightness to the sheer edge of a mountain.
There was snow yesterday, and there was cold.
''They said I was a natural,'' Breland said.
Independent Booking Office, a theatrical service agency, has named Douglas C. Baker as its executive director.
Some Snowfall Reported A few beach-walkers leaned into the wind, and a handful of sturdy regulars and confessed nostalgics were out on the boardwalk.
''We realized that I just had to do it,'' she said.
''Our rule of thumb is, if you can see it without a microscope, it's probably contamination,'' Dr. Clanton said.
In a $100,000 fully-equippped radio station, visitors can produce in-house shows.
''If it was any other school, they probably wouldn't have granted me permission,'' he said of the Giants' front office, ''and I wouldn't have expected them to.''
''Anybody can have a Dallas Cowboy T-shirt,'' he said, ''but not everybody can have a kelly green shirt from the Bangor Maine Lumberjacks.''
Emergency crews had been trying to move the car so the styrene could be emptied into another tank before it solidified.
Part of that pail of mackerel was soused using a traditional English recipe that called for arranging mackerel fillets in a baking dish, pouring over them a diluted vinegar mixture containing onions, herbs and spices and baking until done.
The other good soloists included Jamie Cohen, bubbly little Traci Owens and Jeff Satinoff.
Ack's Secret faded in the closing yards to finish fourth.
Some Expect Both to Moderate Washington's quick rejection of Mr. Andropov's offer to take the Soviet inventory down to 162 missiles, to match the British and French forces, merely sets the stage for further moves.
After the plane was cleared for takeoff, Captain McCullers wanted a quick run down the runway, apparently to allow for plenty of concrete if the takeoff had to be aborted.
The report, by the Community Service Society of New York, is a follow-up to one it issued last year.
The Japanese can thus sell more products by lowering prices, or increase profits by maintaining dollar price levels.
In many cases the takeout shops are offshoots of catering businesses.
But the advisers say they are not sure what the United States should do next to help the authorities in San Salvador.
The logotype, according to Lou Schwartz, the pape r's executive editor, was made up ''as a joke.''
This has been shown, however, only under laboratory conditions.
The bride and her husband graduated from the Cushing Academy in Ashburham, Mass.
The less elegant section, simply called Zion's, is also less expensive ($7 to $15 a person).
The following dispatch was passed through Polish military censorship.
When he began, Motta said he would need five years to build a competitive team.
The site is open, free, from 9 to 5:30, Monday through Saturday, and 10 to 5:30 on Sunday.
The service now has 375 search-and-rescue stations and shore units, 26 air stations and 75 cutters.
Gossip is more dangerous than the malariacarrying mosquitos.
This year, there will be no question mark.
The agreement we've reached today is a reasonable balancing of those interests.
It is called a conjugal visit, lasts 42 hours and takes place either in a trailer on the 440-acre estate at San Quentin or, for medium security prisoners, in two old Victorian houses overlooking the San Francisco Bay.
A display of first editions of works by James Joyce is among the attractions at the Grolier Club's exhibition marking the centenary of Joyce's birth.
But I think what women should be worrying about now is addressing the issues and raising money.
''I've not heard of the transfer of such big money, which ought to be approved in advance.'')
Between the Angel and the Carlyle, when things were slow for Mr. Short, Mr.
''How much easier to accede to the Pentagon?''
The unit is the principal component of the recently created NH&S Inc. holding company.
To the Editor: Regarding the article dealing with visiting Ivy League football sites, Colgate University was very pleased to be included.
THE tenor saxophone has long been a special instrument -an instrument of authority -in black American music.
The Problem: They have just defeated us in a terrible war.The Peculiar Part: They haven't even rumpled our clothes.
School was ''academically a disaster,'' Mr. Andrews said, partly because he was always observing people.
Instead, he gave him a $100 a week salary, a job, bought him a car, and gave him a bedroom set when he set up house with one of his numerous female friends.
We have 1,000 Minuteman ICBM launchers, so that the ratio of Soviet warheads to United States launchers is only 4 to 1 - or would be 6 to 1 under SALT II.
Salsa Cruda 2 large ripe tomatoes, seeded and chopped 1 small red onion, chopped 1 clo 2 serrano chilies or 1 jalapeno chili 1/4 Juice Salt Mix ingredients together; cover and chill until serving time.
Lyle is trying to be the first Briton to win the title.
''The technique is to buy off the upper levels with good pensions, so the middle levels will have no leadership,'' a Western diplomat said.
Nor has it ever been established that ''talking about politics and important things'' in one's freshman dormitory indicates an altruistic commitment to social change.
''I complained earlier about high hoppers and bloopers.
Appropriate for curtains and upholstered walls, lightweight pleated silk, reminiscent of Fortuny's legendary fashion fabric, lists at $65.25 a yard at Gretchen Bellinger, 979 Third Avenue.
Mary T. Meagher of Louisville, Ky., stood alone in her specialty, the butterfly, and Birgit Meinecke of East Germany dominated other events as the three-day Swedish International Swim Games came to a close tonight.
They estimate that for every billion dollars of exports that's it's about 40,000 jobs in our country.
All the attention he received in the last year ''hurt my studies,'' he said.
There was a moment of discomfort in early January in Bonn when this forget-it attitude about Poland seemed to contrast very sharply with the public indignation of West Germany's allies.
Since then, the orchestra's staff has been returning money to subscribers and selling assets.
But the national police chief, Col. Carlos Reynaldo Lopez Nuila, said Friday that investigators had been unable to prove the charges and that Mr. Zamora would be released soon.
6 Dead on Arrival The police said that in addition to the driver, Mrs. Wilson and Felicia Brown were in the front seat of the car, with the five children squeezed into the back seat.
The music director and pianist William Jones played with enthusiasm.
Balducci's, 424 Avenue of the Americas, near 10th Street.
officials have long extolled as superior to Harmon.
There are 10,200 pupils enrolled in the district's 22 elementary and junior high schools.
''A ducky arrangement,'' Mr. Downes said with enthusiasm.
And we're going to change it.''
Then there is ''man modified by technology'' in the form of a Chu ck Close self-portrait, which is a black-and-white print composed, li ke the photographs of Mars, of little computer squares.
Hanbidge, president of BP Canada, said his company's remaining natural resources business, including oil and gas acreage off Newfoundland and in the Cold Lake oil sands of Alberta as well as potash prospects in New Brunswick, had ''considerable growth potential.''
The letter, according to a union representative who asked to remain anonymous, ''only asked that talks start early, but did not mention specifics.
Most people agree with the assessment of James C.Y.
The reports of changes follow: NEW YORK EXCHANGE MCLOUTH STEEL CORPORATION-Jack M. Cudlip, vice president-forward planning, sold 14,000 shares leaving him directly with a balance held of none.
That's just the way I am.''
He won two tricks with the heart nine and the ten as East ducked twice.
Some opposition Chinese say privately that Dr. Mahathir's twothirds majority, which can change the Constitution by majority vote, might at some time threaten the rights of the Chinese minority, which many believe is significantly larger than the 34 percent recorded by the last census.
But he ran into resistance from Herbert Allen Jr., the Wall Street financier whose family controlled Columbia and who had got him the top job there, and from Matty Rosenhaus, a board member and major stockholder who viewed Mr. Begelman's acts as psychic aberrations, not crimes.
The Pendery team had refused to cooperate with the committee's investigation.
Reappearing, he is assured by mama that ''we don't want to blow your big scene.''
Its color, a very light pinkish blush, was different from all the others, but the wine was not readily identifiable by flavor or style as a non-Champagne.
So I didn't pursue it.''
It was the largest market share for G.M.
Publicly, the United States remains on the side of Britain and ready to give the British logistical help.
After shedding 50 pounds and turning into a quite beautiful woman, Chris marries him.
Her father is a partner in the New York law firm of Patterson, Belknap, Webb & Tyler.
Added Steve Dunlap, Nick Saban, Terry Lewis and Bobby Mor- rison to the coaching staff.
Justice Fortas submitted his resignation on May 14.
Full Credit at $50,000 Income Under President Reagan's proposal, individual taxpayers could take a credit against their income taxes for 50 percent of the cost of tuition for each child in private elementary and secondary schools.
Clerical workers from The Times of London and The Sunday Times voted today to ignore 210 dismissals ordered by the publisher Rupert Murdoch, and the union warned that both papers would ''grind to a halt'' if the dismissals were enforced.
He then involved himself in local politics.
Senator Dole turned the bill to upgrade judgeships into a creditors' Christmas tree.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Only last week, a plan to give tax exemptions to segregated schools was hastily reversed.
WHEN Kay Koplovitz called her parents in Milwaukee to tell them that she had just been named president and chief executive officer of the U.S.A. Cable Network, whose prime-time schedule consists mainly of live sports coverage, her mother wanted to know if the title meant she was the network's top sportscaster.
He was 50 years old and resided in Manhattan.
It's not always easy meeting people in the suburbs.''
Everything else, he says, is ''persiflage.''
The most drastic measure for merchants is the resort to guns - with or without the required licenses.
How does General Pinochet's regime respond?
Mr. Entremont was a fluent and graceful pianist in his concerto but seemed to skirt the darker corners of this deceptively complicated and serious piece.
It regulates metabolic rate, the speed with which cells throughout the body use calories.
Harvester also reported that its liabilities-to-net-worth ratio was in danger of exceeding the required limit of 4 to 1.
Even before Mr. Koch's caustic appraisal of suburban and rural life became public, the Mayor's aides had expressed fear that his campaign for Governor would spur upstate opposition to proposals to assist New York City.
In other developments, Deputy Prime Minister Mieczyslaw Rakowski said in an interview published in today's newspapers that attempts were being made to sow unrest and disrupt normal life in Poland.
But if you know that the child's mother tongue doesn't make the distinction that English does between the two sounds, then you might decide to give more practice in oral reading.''
Fantasy, as Madison Avenue would put it, apparently still has legs.
Kemp (R) N Y Y N 39.
''It would brutally overwhelm and impair and desecrate this landmark,'' said a local resident, David L. Hurwood.
Curran has not done badly, either.
The Hawaiian custom of shooting off firecrackers to welcome the New Year is on trial this holiday season.
THIS STRANGE NEW FEELING By Julius Lester.
Ryan Walter ruined Rick St. Croix's shutout bid with 2 minutes remaining.
One explanation is that until recently the major discrepancies in wealth that have spurred leftist actions elsewhere have been absent here.
(Television - Channel 2, 11:30 P.M.) John Jay vs. Old Westbury, followed by Lebanon Valley vs. Medgar Evers, Christmas Classic, at Medgar Evers; first game, 6 P.M. Oneonta State vs. William Paterson, followed by Yeshiva vs. Hunter, at Hunter; first game, 6 P.M. Castleton State vs. Widener, followed by Staten Island vs. Kean, Dolphin Christmas Classic, at College of Staten Island; first game, 7 P.M. Fordham vs. Murray State, at Alabama-Birmingham.
The ceremony was performed in the Emanuel Lutheran Church in New Brunswick, N.J. by the Rev.
---- New Contract for Hospodar The Rangers said that Ed Hospodar, a defenseman who played in 41 games last season, had signed a new contract.
''It's up for grabs,'' sighed Miss Parks, who does all the research for the show herself, at the Lincoln Center library.
This segment of the market happens to be Chinese.
The risk and severity of the flu increased with the number of cigarettes National news is on pages A16-28 and B12-17.
But he said that the place where he voted was ''very well organized.''
Most guys try to pull the ball with their bodies and their heads.
''The continuing economic woes have further compounded the lack of employment opportunity for youth in general and black youth in particular.
Some handicappers attach much importance to fractional times they compute from The Form charts, based on horses' positions at various points of call.
The clear sky and breezy warm night drew crowds armed with shopping bags advertising the names of prominent delicatessens.
The current faltering economy is a perfect environment for proxy contests.
Classic currently has about 120 stores.
The offices of the New England state publish similar material about their rural areas.
''Koch's record,'' it reads, ''115,524 more crimes in 1981 than in 1977.''
The state lost a seat because of national population shifts in the 1980 census.
A decade ago, the stock traded in the mid-60's.
Most exhibits tend to be extensions of already existing technology.
The house was approached by a private road almost a mile long.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
''It's going to take a little bit of a P.T.
It will be the third Pro Bowl appearance for the Bengals' Anderson, but his first since tossing two touchdown passes in an A.F.C.
Eastern Bloc's Creditworthiness Mr. Wolff told reporters today that he had cautioned Mr. Rakowski that full payment of Poland's debts was essential ''not only for Poland's creditworthiness, but that of the entire Eastern bloc.''
Many of the games involve space war themes and each player's computer screen serves in effect as his or her cockpit window, through which he looks at the others.
In public, other top White House officials tend to minimize Mr. Clark's power; privately, though, they are quick to comment on the broad authority he commands because of his steady judgment, his capacity for getting things done and his long, close relationship with the President.
Mr. Mitterrand, following his campaign promises, raised the income tax ceiling and imposed a wealth tax based on assets.
The next year, Miss Rambert was married to Ashley Dukes, the English playwright and producer.
A series of eight weekly lectures dealing with specific aspects of Moslem culture will begin at 7:30 P.M. Thursday at the Hartford Seminary, 77 Sherman Street.
The second was to announce a visit to Argentina for June 11 and 12.
''We do not go around killing people.
Going home with Clyde King reinstated as pitching coach and facing a week against the firstplace Red Sox and the improving Orioles before the opinionated masses at Yankee Stadium, all the players could do today was sound brave and wait for the next move by George Steinbrenner, the principal owner.
ASSEMBLY 25th District: John Duane (D); 27th: Nettie Mayersohn (D); 29th: Cynthia Jenkins (D-L); 35th: Helen Marshall (D).
According to Mr. McDonald, three Skyhawks launched the attack while one of the ships in the British task force was patrolling the waters within the 200-mile blockade zone around the islands.
Saxon filed for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Act on April 15.
By the time you make an appointment, you will have spent more time in phone booths than Superman.
- Supreme Court Justice Byron R. White, after being assaulted.
Surprised in his lair at the Met, with ancient instruments all around him, he attempted a trial of strength with a Tibetan trumpet twice his own size.
The idea is to confine all the moisture in the soil by letting none of it escape up into the house.
The service that started last week is being run by a Bi-Modal subsidiary that operates the vehicles.
His credentials were impressive enough to merit a chance.
The Colombian Government, reached through the State Department, granted authorization to board and seize contraband.
Mr. Koestler's autobiography - ''Arrow in the Blue'' and ''The Invisible Writing'' -is, like ''The Golden Notebook,'' one of the sacred texts of our time.
Mr. Parry is aware of this.
In September, the basis for an agreement with a consortium arranged by Mr. DeLorean was announced, but in the ensuing weeks, it emerged that the executive did not have the financial resources he said he had.
Such is the overall intensity of the final result that we feel quite certain that the code - if there is one - is worth breaking.
13 THE DEATH OF DESCARTES.
Business Digest, Page Page D1
It will create 150-person teams to investigate the organized drug traffic in 12 cities.
DeBusschere became more of a promotions man than a general manager.
Concerning Ronald R. Butters's article, ''How to Order Eggs'' (On Language, July 25), on the proper grammatical usage for the plural of Egg McMuffin, we here at Dartmouth College are distressed with his preference for ''Eggs McMuffin.''
Isn't the problem of violence rooted in the tradition that Irish rights can only be won at the point of a gun?
Returning home from his eight-day West African trip, the Pope, looking fit and relaxed, strolled among the correspondents at the rear of his special plane answering their questions.
I think Kelly's shapes and spaces can make people think again about how to look, can give a new sense of what art can be.''
One hundred MX missiles would be placed in silos about one-third of a mile apart in a 10-to-12-mile area shaped like a trapezoid.
Volume 21, a cumulative index, is scheduled for publication before the end of this year.
Daniel Ortega Saavedra, the junta coordinator, told residents of the Riguero neighborhood east of the capital: ''We have seriously promised elections for 1985, but it depends on the political and economic situation of the country.
* Angeles Corp. said it and its subsidiaries had acquired three California investment properties for a total of $13.1 million on behalf of an Angeles-sponsored public real estate limited partnership.
STAMFORD THE fate of a proposed Center for the Performing Arts in Stamford could be decided this week when the city's Board of Representatives votes on a $500,000 bonding proposal for the center.
In an interview Friday, he said talks he had with local prospective backers had convinced him that ''putting together a package is not going to be that difficult.''
It's the sort of exotic, spiritual enterprise that only he could have carried off so brilliantly.
Representative Peter A. Peyser said today that economic and military assistance to El Salvador should be withheld until there was a ''satisfactory conclusion'' to that country's investigation into the murders of four American churchwomen there in December 1980.
Will the pain be back?''
In April of that year, 40,000 sick, starving and bedraggled Jews in the Warsaw Ghetto rose up in a furious but futile struggle against their Nazi oppressors.
Senator Bernstein, who had previously written Mr. Williams stating his ''complete support'' for the co-op plan, said last week: ''Perhaps where there's smoke, there's fire.
Her father retired as a manufacturer of womens' handbags in New York.
He understood more fully, for example, the tactile differences between the smooth leaves of English ivy and the plump stiffness of sedum.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Samuel Brainard of Princeton, N.J., have announced the engagement of their daughter, Annabelle Carpenter Bowditch Brainard, to Douglas Arthur Canning, son of Mr. and Mrs. William John Canning of Groton, Conn.
It was an extraordinary day: the gilt and porcelain angels in the church; the priest, with his gentle voice telling the kids about their obligations, and the kids shifting and looking to see who would be first to giggle; a lunch at a tiny local brewery, and then a long sit in the sun - the big German family and their American relatives.
Despite troubled times, there is, of course, still much humor and life in a region that clocks its cycles so closely by the seasons.
An undercover agent completed his testimony in a racketeering trial yesterday by strongly denying defense accusations that he had stolen money, sold narcotics and sought to kill a member of an organized-crime group.
The smaller cells now entering tests, which are made by the United Technologies Corporation, all provide 40 kilowatts of power.
As of last week, the service had received 53.5 million of the approximately 96 million returns expected.
On Oct. 4, 1972, the last day of the season, two pitchers got hits.
Box 5193, General Post Office, New York, N.Y. 10087, or to any of these organizations: COMMUNITY SERVICE SOCIETY OF NEW YORK, 105 East 22d Street, New York, N.Y. 10010.
63 bus, an alternative to the No.
Competition for Capital Seen He added that the large deficits projected by the Government had business convinced that, as soon as a recovery begins, inflation will be aggravated by business and the Government competing for a limited amount of capital.
Assemblyman Kremer attacks on a different front.
Norman Tait, a Nishga Indian carver from the village of Kincolith, British Columbia, hewed the pole from a 500-year-old tree with the help of five apprentices in Vancouver.
''I consider myself fortunate to be someone who can make a living on rivers.
Gen. H.M. Ershad, said also that the United States had changed its stand since Wednesday, when the State Department said it regretted the coup.
Miss Potter is the granddaughter of the late Mrs. John M.P.
''We are tired of people being told their lives make sense.
Registration: Through Sept. 28, mail registration; call for in-person registration dates.
Recently, three period productions from England - ''The French Lieutenant's Woman,'' ''Chariots of Fire'' and, on television, ''Brideshead Revisited'' -have spun visual yarns so exquisite and compelling that they may well set a new standard against which all future efforts of the sort will be measured.
Brass corners, traditionally used on chests, soften the lines of a Parsons-style table; the corners can be simple or decorated.
19 on the back hung on hangers.
In addition to the bull wheel and gin pole, his crew of craftsmen are using the chisels, early saws and mallets of the period.
But according to writings included in a three-volume collection at the Casa Kolbe, a Franciscan institution here, Father Kolbe, who was made a saint for having volunteered in Auschwitz to die in another man's stead, opposed the most violent anti-Semitism of the period.
B ryant had said that perhaps the university might want to think about a new, younger head coach.
And on it was written: This is my day of silence.
But north of the Carolinas Pampas grass overwinters poorly, if at all.
''What I like most about Turks is that they're not phoney,'' he said.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The hope was that the prospect of a smaller budget deficit would help to calm the bond market's fears about his economic program.
On both occasions, returns from Lendl were apparently over the baseline but linesmen ruled them in.
I believe it was the Renaissance dramatist Autore Ignoto who first said, ''Irony is what closes in Padua,'' although it may have been his contemporary Fonte Anonimo.
Besides, everybody's friends on the playgrounds.''
Joyce scholars will speak, starting at 9:30 A.M., on a variety of topics connected with Joyce.
The department, acting under a deadline set by a Federal judge, asked the Department of Justice to begin legal enforcement proceedings against the state for failing to submit an acceptable desegregation plan.
There are also disputes about the Administration citing executive privilege and lack of relevance as grounds for refusing to surrender White House documents and other evidence concerning its method of choosing which nonregistrants to prosecute.
''The problem now is that if you try and cash the bond there is a much bigger discount,'' the Latin American banking specialist said.
Senator Marino said his committee would prepare a report with recommendations by September that would at least call for tougher laws.
At least 17 major companies have used genetic testing in the last five years, and five of the 17 and one other are currently testing, the agency said.
''Now I'm cured, and sticking to that promise.''
Unser, who will be 49 in February, won at Indianapolis in 1968, 1975 and 1981.
The bill reduces obstacles to the forming of such companies.
He expressed the belief that this should provide a sufficient guarantee to the Israelis in the event the P.L.O.
''But I tell him not to implant fear in me.
the abdication of Edward VIII?
Injunction Obtained But on May 18, John Whelan, an assistant attorney general, went to Superior Court on behalf of Mr. Shedd and won the temporary injunction.
The balance of the loss would be divided between the lender and HUD, with the lender responsible for 15 percent and HUD 85 percent.
This is excerpted from the forthcoming book ''The Journals of Sylvia Plath,'' edited by Frances McCullough and Ted Hughes.
The utility says that Babcock & Wilcox withheld revised safety procedures prepared after a similar incident at another Babcock reactor 18 months earlier.
said, represents ''the future economic benefit attributable to annuities for pension plan participants, which were purchased during the year in anticipation of the planned termination of the company's existing pension plan.''
Then, after you win it, you think you'll never win it again.
Another member of the group, Vladimir Fleishgakker, an engineer, acknowledged that this was a challenge of a kind to the authorities since it was ''the Soviet tradition that nobody expresses his opinion until he is asked for it.''
But the weak spot of the business was his lack of American bank contacts ''who can handle cash movements and fraudulent financial transactions to conceal the true source'' of the profits, the affidavit said.
A symptomatic infection most often produces swollen glands in the neck and armpits (which may result in the mistaken diagnosis of infectious mononucleosis); other symptoms may include fatigue, malaise, muscle pain and a fluctuating low fever.
And that's how I knew I was a jazz singer.''
''You've got to give me nine,'' he said, and smiled.
The incident, which affected subway service from Brooklyn to the Bronx, involved the No.
Now Have Indemnity Clause Standard publishing contracts contain an indemnity clause requiring that authors pay the publisher's entire expenses and legal fees in cases where there are claims or suits for libel or for invasion of privacy, ev en if the charges are later dropped or dismissed.
The Europeans, meanwhile, point to the fact that trade with and credits to the Eastern bloc have been declining in the last two years as a result of economic conditions.
''Avis Bohlen stood out as a remarkable human being, and whether she was living in Moscow, or Paris, of the Philippines, she was always the right kind of American abroad, representing the best that America has to offer,'' Pamela Harriman said yesterday.
He vowed to realize Bashir's ideals when he delivered the eulogy at the funeral Wednesday.
On the same day last week, almost at opposite ends of the United States, two of boxing's leading world champions did what they have been urging local ring commissions to do: They underwent complete physical examinations, including CAT scans of the brain.
It also undermines the Administration's view that the pending Supreme Court case should be dismissed as moot.
colleges that scouted him, including Auburn.
Fortunately for this bank, this savings and loan thing has been a plus - we're getting deposits.''
Aid Is Subject of Dispute Inevitably, the assistance program for the south became a subject of dispute.
Iowa overcame Michigan's stalling tactics and remained tied for first place in the Big Ten Conference with a 5-1 record.
There has been cable television in Manhattan since 1965.
Fielding said, ''There was never any effort to curtail any relevant inquiry by the F.B.I.''
The Soviet Union sent troops to Afghanistan in December 1979, and since then has been helping the pro-Moscow regime of Prime Minister Babrak Karmal in its fight against armed Islamic insurgents there.
Economists said there might be merit to the idea of using nominal changes in gross national product as a guide for monetary policy, but said that the monetary policy ccould not determine how much of the nominal growth represented inflation.
Pravda also called for stricter enforcement of existing laws to weed out what it described as widespread bribe-taking by ''responsible individuals'' and party members.
Now he must convince the lawmakers to go along with him.
The fuss over the MX vote obscured the fact that the committee slashed the Administration's original defense request by $17 billion to about $232 billion.
Last year, when it was all over and Idle Dice, ridden by Rodney Jenkins, had cleared the last jump to win the Grand Prix, spectators scattered and show people left without knowing where they would gather again.
It has compiled a list showing what a prototypical house costs in 115 cities across the country.
Privately, however, some bankers have expressed skepticism about the likelihood of ever receiving their money.
These differences, plus the low, ornate ceiling here, posed problems for John Napier (''the sine qua non of designers,'' according to Mr. Nunn, who has worked with him on innumerable shows, including ''Nickleby'').
The deaths came after periods of gasping, unresponsiveness and in some cases, seizures.
The world's northernmost base-metals mine is considered a pioneer in helping develop the untapped resources of Canada'a vast and unpopulated northern territories.
In Indianapolis, Everett Newlon, a Perry Township trustee, reported that 22 cases of cheese disappeared from a Fire Department building shortly before it was to be given to poor, elderly and out-of-work residents of the city's South Side.
Sunday morning is the principal meeting occasion because they are scattered and mostly lead crowded lives.
To keep young people from restaurant work after 7 P.M., for example, would effectively bar them from dinner-hour work.
''The 1982 season,'' he wrote in a letter this winter to his players, ''will be a season where each of our players will be asked for a maximum dedication - a dedication to the proposition that true champions can and will come back.''
For Dior's designer Marc Bohan, Japanese design is ''not without interest.''
Miss Merman wrote in her book: ''I don't want to sound pretentious, but in a funny way I feel I'm the last of a kind.''
If you are covered under a group policy through your job or association, check with your personnel adviser to see if any gaps warrant coverage through a personal low-cost supplemental policy.
Mr. Gielen took over the orchestra two seasons ago.
The British pound cost $1.7315, down from $1.7448.
With 25,000 inmates, he said, his system is already an ominous 12 percent over capacity.
Although Britons continue largely to support the hard line taken by Mrs. Thatcher, their support in many instances rests on a conviction that substantial military force will not be required.
The Hershey Oil Corporation of Los Angeles, a producer of crude oil and natural gas, said that two Transamerica Corporation units, the Transamerica Occidental Life Insurance Company and the Transamerica Insurance Company, had agreed in principle to make a $10 million equity investment in Hershey.
The company is engaged in the hotel, tobacco and insurance fields.
''It is precisely because this kind of relationship exists between patient and therapist that an erotic exchange between them cannot be ethically or psychotherapeutically justified,'' Dr. Judd Marmor has written.
Mr. Sanchez Parodi also said Mr. Alvarez was ''tied in some fashion to training of some anti-Castro or anti-Cuban people in Florida.''
They are sliding over into giving primary care.
Last month, a heavyweight fight between Renaldo Snipes and Tim Witherspoon on ABC's ''Wide World of Sports'' outdrew the Belmont Stakes on CBS.
The proposed tuition-aid cuts would widen this gap even further, effectively denying students from low- and middle-income families access to independent higher education.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Justice O'Connor said that the appeals court had mistakenly found the generic manufacturers liable for contributory infringement in the absence of proof that the manufacturers induced the pharmacists to secretly substitute the generic products for the brand-name drugs.
* The New York Times Co. said it had completed the previously announced acquisition of eight daily and three weekly newspapers, all but one of them in the Southwest, from Thomas E. Worrell Jr. and J.D.
Although Procter & Gamble does not need state approval to market products containing NTA, the company would be bound by a ban, if one was enacted.
I've always been interested in the spiritual side of life, but it's hard to write about states of mind in the theater.''
Inspections can also be made by comparing video tapes of buildings shot over a period of time or by sidewalk surveys, using binoculars.
General Bignone voluntarily retired last year.
Tom Watson wanted to feel as though he had won the British Open, not as if he had lost it before another golfer lost it.
Technical Violation of Law The fully restored airframe of the SBD might bring $300,000 to $500,000, according to several air museum curators.
Earnings were $130 million, up from $119 million a year earlier.
In Washington, Leon Levine, a spokesman for the Internal Revenue Service, said that no list of the more than 100 schools that have had their tax exemptions revoked since 1970 had been released and that as far as he knew, such a list had not yet been assembled.
''Far worse commentary is written almost daily by newspaper and magazine critics of every aspect of the arts,'' the court said.
''We don't have any oil in Connecticut.
You try to find other diversions, but you wind up thinking basketball.
Grain and soybean futures prices dropped.
---- Bean Withdraws Andy Bean lost his ball temporarily on Beach Golf Links Friday.
If it feels all right, I'll go.''
Others adopt free and easy life styles that will be impossible to maintain when their playing days are over.
Otherwise, the blast shelter plan is about as sensible as any of the rest of the Reagan Administration's civil defense program - for which the House of Representatives authorized last week a beginning expenditure of $252 million.
Sir Jeremy Morse, chairman of Lloyds Bank of London, commented that improved American economic prospects could provide ''a highly desirable temporary pause'' in what he said would be a long-term period of world deflation, transmitted by the United States.
More importantly, it put them one and a half games ahead of Washington and Atlanta, both of which have 37-37 records and are holding the fifth and sixth positions in the overall Eastern Conference standing.
They were not part of a special exhibit, ''Aztec Mexico: Discovery of Templo Mayor,'' which opened July 27 on the third floor of the museum.
Made by a number of manufacturers, and ranging from about $70 to $140 in price, these programmable devices contain microprocessors instead of mechanical or electrical clock mechanisms, giving them a memory similar to that found in desktop calculators and small computers.
Now it has gone back to United States District Court to try again, with hopes of a new trial in early 1983.
Then, a subway ride back to Queens to pick up her car and a jar of homemade cranberry jelly.
Last year, the Mets' No.7 and 8 hitters were Frank Taveras (.230), Alex Trevino (.262) and Doug Flynn (.222), all of whom were traded in the offseason.
The case, Director v. Perini North River Associates, No.
She gets manipulated all over the stage.''
The crash into residential Kenner, La., killed the 146 persons aboard the plane and eight others on the ground.
An eccentric little Georgia boy, aged 4, can read all of the Encyclopedia Britannica, the works of Charles Dickens, Robert Louis Stevenson and Sir Walter Scott, to name a few, but has yet to speak a word.
''And it's indicating to the other team that weather is no factor, that it's all desire.''
The other hero, still unidentified, was somewhere under the river ice.
Small pieces of orange can be added and the salad coated with a vinaigrette dressing.
Tax shelters, though, may be something to avoid, depending on your personality and attitude.
Though the film is set in the 20's, the gangsters fight with swords, rapiers and stilettos.
''If somebody says, 'Hey, you're a millionaire,' then you have to reflect that.
The completed design is a balance of renovation and restoration.
Keith Moreland doubled with one out in the fourth, and Jody Davis drew a walk off Rick Rhoden (0-2).
The veteran heavyweight boxer Earnie Shavers plans to bring his career to a close tomorrow in a ring placed in a field next to a small tavern.
When a bomb exploded outside the 1 Liberty Plaza headquarters of Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith last Sunday about 11:15 P.M., Larry E. McPartland, a 24-year-old gold trader, was on duty in the firm's commodity arbitrage group.
Only the United States voted against the code, which the Reagan Administration considered antagonistic to free trade and contrary to this country's antitrust laws and free-speech rights.
''Every night is a new record,'' he said, adding that 3,491 men and 316 women had been housed in the shelters on Sunday night.
At the end, with Rich Gossage sitting in the bullpen after pitching three and one-third innings in the last two days, Roger Erickson, who was the starting pitcher last Friday, was a short reliever earning his first major league save.
Because of the rise in fuel prices and the new 767 planes being built by Boeing, the plane is no longer considered efficient on commercial routes.
Dan Todd, executive director of the American Conservative Union, said that Reagan critics were ''a small band of naysayers who have nothing to do but stand on the sidelines and boo.''
The staging's raison d'etre may well be the presence of Madeleine le Roux, who is best known as an Off Off Broadway actress of the ''underground theater'' genre.
Most speakers said more sweeping changes were needed.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Flooding and slides from the record rainfalls isolated hundreds of people in rural areas of Santa Cruz County to the south of here.
Mr. Moffett, chairman of the House Energy and Commerce subcommittee on the environment, sent a letter to President Reagan today saying that the report shows ''Mrs.
Their current success at fund-raising reflects the results of almost two decades of effort directed at improving the party's competitive position.
To Continue His Fight The National Labor Relations Board has ordered Mr. Montuoro reinstated with back pay, but the union has so far resisted.
In too many cases, such concerts are ''free zones'' in which young people can do just about anything they want to themselves and seem to have little fear of getting caught perpetrating acts that could be harmful to others.
Andrew Jackson fashioned a 14-0 shutout over August Martin, giving the Hickories, who also play in Queens A Division, a 3-0 league record.
The Democrats have made an oral offer which would involve a solution based on at least 80 percent in payroll tax increases.
What Mrs. Vreeland was referring to was the ease and comfort of knitted fashions, which encompass coats and dresses as well as jackets and pullovers.
Cornell Woolrich (1903-68), a master of suspense, grabs the reader on page 1 and doesn't let go as his heroine races the clock to find a killer.
Another proposed solution is the erection of man-made islands, artificial plots of high ground to afford the deer a wider selection of foraging grounds when water levels are raised by rains or by back pumping.
Bill Walsh never played professional football and, although he was a highly regarded assistant, could not get a head-coaching job for years.
But they did agree to avoid ''preferential'' treatment for Communist countries.
--------------------------------------------------------------------- Milt Freudenheim, Barbara Slavin and William C. Rhoden
To many, it's a delightful predicament and one they thought they would never see.
THE Satellite News Channel, a joint effort of Westinghouse's Group W and the American Broadcasting Companies, begins its 24-hour-a-day service on Monday, challenging the lock that Ted Turner's Cable News Network has on the cable TV news market.
Chicago is a labor town, and 40 percent of the people are black.
Thus one accused of heresy among them is like one accused of boiling his grandmother to make soap in Maryland.
Mann, who has a 27-8 record, rallied in the late rounds despite a bad cut over his right eye that bled profusely in the fifth round.
Amendment to Department of Housing and Urban Development appropriation that would block Federal enforcement of auto inspection and maintenance programs required under Clean Air Act.
Senior Soviet officers of the Air Defense Force have visited Syria repeatedly.
Have we ever reached him?
Outfield Defense Is Weak The outfield defense is similarly mixed.
Philharmonic and CBS End Exclusivity Pact One of the longest record company-symphony orchestra relationships will expire formally Dec. 31, when CBS Records and the New York Philharmonic end their exclusive contract.
That letter urged players to report several weeks before March 1, and carried what many readers of it saw as a thinly veiled threat to get rid of any player who didn't report on the early dates - this Tuesday for pitchers and catchers, and one week later for others.
I played with Gretzky the last game, and that didn't help at all.''
The reincarnation of a little girl who died in the flames of a car crash: fiction.
In recent weeks, Salvadoran politicians and foreign diplomats have speculated on the scale of Mr. Magana's actual power and his ability to work out a constitution and open a ''dialogue'' with the left at a time when rightist parties are in control of the Constitutent Assembly.
''This is a time when we are repeating history all too soon,'' said R. Timothy Weston, Pennsylvania's representative on the commission.
Another social worker at the agency is providing psychological and vocational counseling for her son.
Caps from Weiss & Mahoney Inc. and deck shoes from Buster Brown.
Tuition for the program, which lasts 60 days, is $1,300.
''You walk in now and there are guards,'' he said.
And now Merrill Lynch International, which has been operating in Singapore for a decade, has decided to almost double its office space there by renting the 26th floor of the 46-story Raffles Tower, still under construction.
But under the proposal, the department could choose to ''omit the use of notice and comment procedures for rules relating to public property, loans, grants, benefits and contracts if, in its judgment,'' the delay ''would impair the attainment of program objectives or would have other disadvantages that outweigh the benefits'' of public comment.
Military sources said an attack on Perquin, in the mountainous province of Morazan, was imminent, though no outright victor was expected as the Honduran border, where the guerrillas could flee, is only eight miles away.
At 4 P.M. Information: 242-5737.
Romero, the second baseman, drifted toward second, intending to catch the ball, but when it landed, he was about 40 feet away from it.
'' Yesterday, in a market dominated by cash-rich mutual funds, bank trust departments and other institutions while most retail customers stood aside, the big-money people of the marketplace put their money to work in the most convincing fashion.
If everything goes right, I can accomplish it in April or May next year.''
The concessions contained in the proposed 44-month master steel contract would have temporarily cut workers' wages and benefits by about 10 percent and saved the steelmakers an estimated $1.3 billion over the next year.
''Old man Wrigley thought baseball was entertainment,'' said Mike Royko, a prominent local columnist, ''He thought it was fun to sit in the sun and be entertained watching fine athletes play ball.
He has worked for the World Bank and the Common Market and is considered the principal architect of the European monetary system.
After a long legal battle, the future of the plant is now being considered by the State Board on Electric Generation Siting and the Environment, which had approved the project but was ordered by a court to rehear the case.
According to Western diplomats, most of the debates in the Assembly so far, however, have focused on relatively minor issues, such as tax breaks for various companies, and little on the creation of a constitution.
Gettys had not played much in his freshman season: 18 games, 128 minutes, 32 points, including eight of 10 foul attempts.
'Dogged-Footwork Stage' Investigators from the Manhattan Detective Task Force with experience in museum thefts joined detectives from the 20th Precinct squad and members of the department's special frauds squad on the case yesterday.
Legislation Passed Would provide $30 million to build a high technology research and development center at the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
The bad rap was, basically, that she was a sex goddess, the former Miss La Jolla, Miss San Diego and Maid of California who appeared in a succession of 1960's heaving-bosom epics, such as ''A Swingin' Summer,'' ''One Million Years B.C.''
's director of operations, Turner violated a rule that a club official cannot sit at the press table.
In Nassau County we've had a rising crime rate for the seven years I've been District Attorney.
This would be fitting, since many of the issues raised in this year's volume would have to be resolved in Albany.
Eight persons and four corporations were indicted by a Federal grand jury late Wednesday on charges of illegally trading with Cuba in the 1980 Mariel sealift.
''They had hoped to arrive at a number of arrangements like this and spoke to a wide number of airlines,'' he said.
Belief in Communism as the wave of the future has long since given way to belief in the status quo as the only means of avoiding the most devastating explosion.
So a four-bedroom waterfront house, the most expensive in the lot, is $66,000 with an $11,000 down payment for any five or more persons related by blood or marriage who can afford the monthly charges.
Mr. Anderson's libertarian vision focuses more on the dismantling the existing structure.
''I really don't know if I want to play football anymore, even though I'm only 25 years old.
Many of the most primitive people are so far from the mainstream of Ecuadorean society that they are not aware that their fate is of national concern.
The proposed $28 billion trust fund would replace programs under which the states now receive $37 billion - a reduction of 23 percent.
Another talented performer is Richard Morris Smith (1827-96), also at the Metropolitan, whose watercolor of Precisionist beauty proposes a house with roof steeply pitched and tin porch supported by pencilthin columns.
Tonight at 9, ABC-TV has something called ''For Lovers Only.''
Long-Existing Tensions Such tensions are not new here in a community that traces its roots to a period that predates the founding of the United States.
Richard Hawkins performed the ceremony at St. Thomas Episcopal Church.
''I can't worry about people shooting their mouths off,'' Abdul-Jabbar said.
''As a national maritime-history headquarters, we're not at the foot of Fulton Street by accident,'' he said.
To take stock of the situation, Mr. Carter canceled a speech he was scheduled to broadcast to the nation on the energy crisis and secluded himself for 12 days in July at Camp David.
They create new sentences out of words they know, guided by some internal sense of syntax.
''As usual, I was on the periphery,'' he writes at one point.
Contracts already signed ''must be honored so as not to prejudice Western credibility,'' he said.
At the lower end of the scale but nice is the Cardinal on Via Giulia but with its entrance at 35 Via dei Bresciani (6542719); $34 single, $56 double.
C ollege calendars have to be made up early, and plans were in the works at the New School for a political course next spring.
I had three touchdown passes caught on me in that first blowout.
I'll have the field to myself.'
Some of the surplus goes to feed the military.
The Rangers also received casualty reports from their farm club in Tulsa.
At a stormy public meeting held here Thursday night by the National Park Service, which has responsibility for the operation and upkeep of Tao House, the service presented its $2 million plan to open the house to the public on a limited basis, to alter 1,900 feet of the access road and to build 800 additional feet of road to accommodate anticipated visitors.
In ''Words With Music'' in 1972, he stated the principles of writing music for the theater and contended that ''Porgy and Bess,'' ''Carousel'' and ''West Side Story'' laid out the framework of an American opera.
There are two Chinese states, both sovereign, each claiming to represent the territories controlled by the other.
Particles larger than one micrometer tend to settle out, but smaller particles tend to remain suspended.
The industries in the proposal are banks, financial institutions and insurance; chemicals; computers; defense; electronics; metals; mining; oil and gas-domestic; oil and gas production; oilinternational; oil services, and pharmaceuticals.
She once ruefully observed that a politician ''should be born a foundling and remain a bachelor.''
Thus, the President's strategic nuclear modernization program is designed to prevent the Soviet Union from acquiring nuclear superiority over the United States.
In practice there has been little sign that the Eastern bloc countries really want to move closer together economically.
The most critical area is arms control, about which he has much to learn.
But United Nations officials recognize that the independence plan must begin with a cease-fire and that South Africa is unlikely to accept one without neutralizing the Cuban armed presence.
The bows were longer and the music less driven.''
They range from classical music (the Metropolitan String Trio at Green Street, 101 Greene Street in SoHo, 925-2415) to jazz piano (Bill Komaiko at the Angry Squire, 216 Seventh Avenue, near 23d Street, 242-9066) to a ''reproducing piano'' that plays rolls made by George Gershwin and other composers and keyboard virtuosos at the new restaurant 28th and 8th (formerly the New Ballroom), 253 West 28th Street (244-3005).
(A tropical storm has a circulation center in which maximum winds exceed 39 miles per hour; the system becomes a hurricane when the winds exceed 74 miles per hour.)
As to why he is back for another round of Professor Kingsford, Mr. Houseman said: ''I'm enormously identified with this part.
There were two ladies inside, but before they could get out the kids set the gas on fire.
He led the jack from dummy and had to consider what to do when East covered with the queen.
By the age of 7 or 8, she said, he could pronounce all the dinosaur names.
The following are other dollar rates in late European trading compared with Thursday's figures: 2.3015 West German marks, up from 2.2990; 1.8485 Swiss francs, down from 1.8490; 5.8605 French francs, up from 5.8505; 2.5225 Dutch guilders, up from 2.5175; 1,235.25 Italian lire, up from 1,233.15, and 1.19275 Canadian dollars, up from1.19075.
Al Haig stopped short of naming names, but the man who fell into that trap was crisis manager George Bush.
''It was definitely arson,'' according to George Alboff, a fire department arson investigator.
AUNT JULIA AND THE SCRIPTWRITER By Mario Vargas Llosa.
On the third floor are a fully reconstructed schoolroom and an herb-preparation center.
Christian objects include chasubles, chalice covers, altar cloths, a dress for a statue of the Virgin Mary - French and Italian, and in materials from brocade to linen and lace.
Mixed results are being reported across the economy.
(No one envisions enough money to put the infrastructure into first-class shape.)
Meals are included in the three-day session, which costs $75 a person.
Later the same evening, at 11, WNET is resuming its Non-Fiction Television series with ''Nick Mazzuco: Biography of an Atomic Vet,'' produced by Richard Schmiechen, an independent film maker.
Said to Get Spare Parts British military sources are concerned over reports that Argentina is also getting spare parts for its aircraft and warships.
She said that with the exception of some recently donated good pieces, ''the mansion is mostly filled with reproductions.''
The Amex market-value index climbed 2.44, to 333.83.
Many of the popular books on science prove to be no help; in fact, they are part of the problem.
In the work of choreographers such as Doris Humphrey and Martha Graham, the issue of women's rights is often subsumed into a concern with women's rites.
Mr. Cleveland refused to give the sister's name or her address.
A picture of its headquarters is inset in a wide shot of the attack on Pearl Harbor.
Scandals erupted in Japan and Europe over allegations of illegal fees paid to prominent politicians by the Lockheed Corporation and the Grumman Corporation.
According to an annual survey by Smith Barney, the group leads all popularity polls for servicing the retailers.
The reduction would stem from an expected increase in domestic output, to 429,000 barrels a day in 1982-83 from 340,000 in the financial year ending March 31, they added.
Those known to the Salvadoran soldiers as Green Berets did not sleep at the base, he said.
Miss Rose's uncle, who had invested in the musical ''Grease,'' helped them get in touch with some of his fellow investors, who put up half the money for the Ford's Theater engagement.
For years the Spates brothers found that they were able to beat the system.
We know we are a good team.
Puli Toro, mezzosoprano, sang the Spanish and Latin items engagingly.
One must not forget, however, that the first step, the P.L.O.
Grave constitutional questions would arise if the courts were to find that Congress countenanced subsidy for such racism.
Least of all, they should not be settled by tawdry affairs of military-industrial incest.
The public reads statements of the number of United States warheads that range from 9,000 to 30,000, and a similar range of variation exists for the Russians.
Why are excessive emissions dangerous?
''She's almost 70,'' said her companion, ''which makes you almost 90.
For one thing, the strategy of stalling the budget process until autumn, to force Congress to accept the large deficit proposed by the President has been set aside.
It was viewed as a countermove to attempts by Venezuela and Mexico, who are friendlier to Nicaragua, to seek more direct negotiation with Nicaragua, especially in the Nicaraguan-H@onduran border dispute.
Its distinguished history has been marked by many notable judges, including the legendary Learned Hand.
Adrian Ward, who set three Maryland scholastic track records and won a full scholarship to Villanova, was convicted of raping and stabbing a 41 year old woman in her home here.
The combination of less fat and cholesterol and more fiber also has a beneficial effect on blood cholesterol.
''We just recently completed a new contract that generally involves underlying cooperation and formulation of common-sense work rules.''
Pinafore'' and the inevitable ''Mikado.''
Many are missing or dark.
''Unless you're very rich,'' the Public Employee Department of the A.F.L.-C.I.O.
At its birth in 1945, the U.N. was composed largely of Europeans and Latin Americans.
It was not much money - big commercial banks routinely make individual loans of $300 million - but Congress permitted the bank to borrow up to 10 times its assets, or about $2.2 billion, after it had established a good lending record, and it is laying plans to sell notes on Wall Street next year.
And freeze the ham bone for soup.
''But that Oaklawn race did him a lot of good,'' said Barrera.
As indicated, the fight for the nation's third-largest sugar producer was a rough one.
The President did not want to tie his hands by invoking the War Powers Act, officials pointed out.
The overriding issue is how will the dollar perform over the summer.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Twenty-two of the 32 families who built the cooperative Hickory Hill I still live there.
A Time to Speak Out ''I think sometimes if you don't shoot your mouth off at every opportunity, when you do choose to say something you can be more influential,'' explained one of the three, G.G.
The rapid temperature drop can create high stresses in the reactor vessel wall, which, coupled with the low temperature condition and loss of toughness due to irradiation, reduces the resistance to fracture.
expects Beckman Chevrolet to sell 680 new cars and trucks a year.
Saturday Review just won't stay dead.
The dilemma was pinpointed by Carolyne K. Davis, the administrator of the Health Care Financing Administration, the agency that runs Medicare, under which the End-Stage Renal Disease Program is supported.
Mrs. Clark had just one answer.
He questioned whether Mr. Marin had the opportunity to set the fire, saying he found it ''very inconclusive when it came to times,'' or the crucial moments between 10:15 A.M. and 10:20 A.M. when the fatal fire began.
The contest for Governor is a test of a state's character.
A 20-year-old bed is a mere toddler in the world of summer sleep utensils.
For some with low self-control, for instance, the lessened restraints that power brings can result in what Dr. Winter calls a ''Don Juan sensitivity,'' with tendencies toward ''grand gestures'' that can involve sexual sprees and uncontrolled use of drugs or alcohol.
The sale will be from 10:30 A.M. to 5 P.M. at the library, 111 Amsterdam Avenue (65th Street).
His standoffishness reflected his conviction that flexibility at this moment would be a critical mistake and that firmness - ''peace through strength'' - is required.
He was apparently speaking about a statement attributed to Mr. Mitterrand in early July that compared the Israeli assaults on Beirut to a Nazi wartime massacre of 600 French civilians in Oradour-sur-Glane.
Mr. de Larosiere urged private banks to approach the lending problems of individual countries on a case-by-case basis, ''flexibly and pragmatically, keeping in mind that a cooperative international effort will best serve the interests of all the parties involved and, ultimately, the financial system itself.''
The voice alone is not enough.
The Lord takes care of Pembroke.''
''The only time we're together is when we're at war.
''But every time I go to a party and somebody asks me to play something, I sit down and play 'They Can't Take That Away From Me' or something else that I used to play.
Yasir Arafat, chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization, issued appeals today to Pope John Paul II, Leonid I. Brezhnev of the Soviet Union, President Francois Mitterrand of France and Secretary General Javier Perez de Cuellar of the United Nations to intervene immediately to stop the massacre of Palestinians in west Beirut.
He became principal in 1949 and retired in 1967.
We can use some money to rebuild the old part of town.''
But towards the end of the third quarter, we began to see increasing participation by the individual investor.''
'Moral Duty' to Protest Nuclear Arms He said he considered it his moral duty to question the nuclear weapons buildup, which he called ''the greatest moral issue before the human family.''
Slack demand for gasoline caused prices to fall to an average $1.27 a gallon in late August and brought on sharper competition among self-service stations, Dan Lundberg, an oil industry analyst, said.
Three points were played before rain came again, forcing another delay.
Attorney General William French Smith, speaking to the American Bar Association's Section on Antitrust Law, April 1, 1982: There is an old antitrust story concerning one of the ''malefactors of great wealth,'' to use Teddy Roosevelt's words.
Little More Than Propaganda Initial reports in the Soviet press on the British attack on the airport at Stanley were brief and factual, but diplomats thought it inevitable that the Kremlin would denounce any British military action.
''I can see many faults.
In preparation for queries, Mr. Skrabut has prepared a summary list of the staff members available and their brief resumes.
The police said more than a dozen men might belong to the group, which is believed to have committed at least five recent break-ins.
I knew you could run, but you're 33.''
The second year of the cut, worth a full 10 percent, will begin in July.
A funeral service will be held at 11 A.M. today at Temple Emanu-El, Fifth Avenue and 65th Street, Manhattan.
''If you live in Queens, you either have to take the subway in or drive in and pay $7 to park your car,'' Mr. Seminerio said.
In percent View Full Article in Timesmachine 
To the Editor: Critics of video games (Mrs. La mm and her grassroots movement on Long Island, t he subject of a Jan. 5 news story, and G. Cravenson, whose letter y ou published on Jan. 20) seem to be avoiding the central questi on.
''What did you mean when you said 'like a person stoking it?'
Senator Schmitt, a leading critic of the loan program, said he still favored some changes and might try to get them adopted later in the year.
Alas, there is inconsistency in the kitchen.
Union members had authorized their leadership to call a strike in a vote last week.
Surely it must be clear to all that, until Warsaw's military authorities move to restore Solidarity to its rightful and hard-won place in Polish society, Poland will continue to be plagued by bitterness, alienation, instability and stagnation.
Adele Smith Simmons, president of Hampshire, said that the bequest would ''lend a solid financial underpinning to the college'' and that Mr. Johnson, a lawyer who died six months ago at the age of 84, ''intended the gift to be an anchor in the difficult times ahead for higher education.''
Bumphus is already the second-ranked W.B.A.
The 14 percent notes due 1987 were offered at 99 30/32, to yield 14.02 percent; the 14 5/8 percent notes due 1992 were 103 5/8, to yield 13.92 percent, and the 14 percent bonds due 2011 were 104 17/32, to yield 13.36.
''There has been a radical change in professional, community and government attitudes,'' said Walter Cassidy, deputy commissioner of the State Division of Housing and Community Renewal.
Lists and lists of names, towns, dates.
's complaint ''were based directly on representations made by Exxon in internal documents, in the press, before a Senate subcommittee and in open court'' and that those ''representations have now been demonstrated to have been ill-founded.''
In human cancer, these genes must go out of control.
MAGAZINE publishers, always interested in mining additional dollars from editorial material already in-house or already run, have fallen upon cable television as if it were a mother lode.
But Nigeria, in particular, is widely thought to be considering lowering its price of $36.50 a barrel in order to compete with crude from the North Sea, which Britain and Norway price at a basic $31.
If mediation is unsuccessful, then compulsory and binding arbitration would be required.
Mr. Alibrandi wouldn't disclose any plans for Brunswick during an interview at Whittaker's headquarters in a Westwood office tower.
And always, they must be prepared for the cannonball shot off the chest.
Changes in Reclamation Act Before they adjourn, both the House and the Senate are also expected to adopt a conference committee report on legislation to change the Reclamation of Act of 1902, which limits to 160 acres the amount of land on which federally subsidized irrigation water may be used.
The new trade paperback runner-up is Jack Henry Abbott's "In the Belly of the Beast."
Uniforms During the Week The women's passion for clothes dates to their days at the Knox School on Long Island, when they had to wear uniforms during the week and could dress up only on Sundays.
The case is an appeal by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission from a ruling voiding its interpretation of a key section of the law.
Jim Dengfelder, spokesman for the task force, said he did not have a figure for the group as a whole, but an agency-by-agency check showed that cocaine confiscations were up this year over last, while marijuana seizures, on the rise at the beginning of the year, had dropped as the smugglers presumably have shifted to other routes.
THE biggest race Bill Mears ever won was ''some little old modified stock car race'' worth only $1,000, unless you want to count the race last Memorial Day to put out the fire that was enveloping his son.
If I knew more about my ancestors, I would know more about myself.''
The Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Inter-American Affairs, Everett Briggs, cautioned that ''the United States is not mediating anything between these parties.''
As for Miss Lynne's profuse choreography, its quantity and exuberance do not add up to quality.
They also have complained that the sudden sales might disrupt the markets.
According to Mr. Stukalin, almost 10 years ago the center's administration and residents were contemplating leaving the Bronx but decided instead to remain a part of the changing community.
Agreement on Solutions Needed Dozens of ideas are mentioned for addressing the court's inadequacies, but most require money and legislative action, both of which are hard to come by.
Miss Challis continues show by show to grow and display greater ease and virtuosity on the stage.
A gorgeous redhead with breasts ''like pagodas'' who fixes a flooded engine while in labor and pumps gas with one arm while cradling her nursing baby with the other does stretch credibility.
The oldest woman among the victims was 64, and the oldest man was 75.
But the creatinine later came down to 2.2, slightly above normal.
All these young men and women came up and they cared and they tried very hard.
He looked into the fuel tanks in the wings to determine that they were as full as the gauges said they were.
All this, he predicted, would stimulate productivity and buoyant growth with stable prices.
''I think they expected a first-quarter loss of $50 million or more,'' commented Michael Carstens, an analyst with A. G. Becker Inc. ''The third and fourth quarters last year saw weakness in the economy and tremendous fare discounts, which continued in the first quarter'' and were, Mr. Carstens said, ''decimating.''
It was partly obscured by the military's ruthless campaign to wipe out leftist guerillas - a campaign in which more than 6,000 people are still reportedly missing.
Fifty-four percent say keep the budget as it is, up from 21 percent.
The Laker attack included 20 points by Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, 16 by Michael Cooper, a reserve guard, and a career-high 11 by Kurt Rambis.
The Trumans, for example, had lived in a small apartment.
Probable starters: 1b, Garvey; 2b, Sax; ss, Russell; 3b, Cey; lf, Baker; cf, Landreaux; rf, Guerrero; c, Yeager, Scioscia; starting pitchers, Reuss, Hooton, Valenzuela, Welch, Goltz; relievers, Forster, Howe, Niedenfuer, Stewart.
Joseph Percival Allen 4th, a 45-year-old physicist who obtained his doctorate at Yale University in 1965, is one of the group of several scientist-astronauts that the National Aeronautics and Space Administration selected over the last two decades.
He replied that ''I vetoed a bill that was contrary to what I believed in while I was Governor of California,'' and said the bill was on that subject.
But the agreement collapsed, it was said, after officials in Washington objected that it seemed too favorable to the Congressman.
His chief duty was to instruct the pitchers and to prepare them for games, and he worked in the area that caused the Mets their worst grief in an embarrassing season.
The manager added that he had talked to Cerone, and the catcher did not have a good reason for missing the workout, ''He'll be fined,'' Michael said, refusing to disclose the amount.
Moving Slowly on Expansion Part of USAir's success appears to derive from its policy of moving slowly to take over new routes - and its readiness to drop them quickly.
In 1973, after almost two years of hearings on the systems, the A.E.C.
''Until Mr. Garvey comes up with a better idea, I'll be happy to lead the fight.''
The program includes pieces by Bach, Vivaldi, Gabrieli, Puccini, Mozart, Debussy and Fats Waller.
I hope he knows now.
But the main issue now is the fate of the precinct itself.
He's just a good boy.
The Census Bureau says there are 8,085,480 young men eligible to register.
But even as he did so, aides to the President were conceding that his task of building a coalition around his program would be much more difficult than it was last year, when Mr. Reagan was at the height of his popularity.
Mortified, dazed, a migraine coming on, she flees, takes the subway past her stop to Spanish Harlem, blunders into a store-front church.
He denied any wrongdoing but consented to return more than $427,000 in profits he made in dealing for 48 hours in stock options with an investment of only $3,000.
Bows to the Legislature This time the Governor made the necessary bows to the Legislature.
We don't know which yet.''
The route follows county roads and state highways, weaving through gently rolling hills and farmland, offering a panorama of lilacs, dogwood, azaleas and wildflowers.
I still don't know why they got me.
While investigating this report, the Justice Department received information suggesting that Mr. Vesco had tried to obtain the release of airplanes for Libya from officials in the Carter Administration, including Hamilton Jordan, the White House chief of staff, and John C. White, former chairman of the Democratic National Committee.
The unusual church was a fascinating setting.
Contributions to the fund are deductible on Federal, state and city income taxes.
These measures are also contained in Mr. Reagan's plan.
But Mr. Cuomo set one condition.
It is helping teach-ins on 200 college campuses to coincide with a major program by an organization called Ground Zero in Washington late in April.
More than 38,000 hospitals, nursing homes, clinics, laboratories and home health agencies participate in one program or the other or both.
U.S. trade sanctions were imposed against John Brown, a British company that defied the U.S. ban on technology for a Soviet gas pipeline.
Haunting, fiercely imagined and intensely ponderable.''
Monticello (N.Y.) Raceway, 8:15 P.M. Freehold (N.J.) Raceway, 1 P.M. Jai-Alai: Hartford Fronton, 6:45 P.M. Milford (Conn.) Fronton, 7 P.M. Thoroughbred Racing: Belmont Park, Elmont, L.I., 1 P.M. (Television - SportsChannel, 7 P.M., tape.)
And a similar ban was imposed on aid for any country that ''receives'' a nuclear device from another country.
As for the accent, Miss Ivey was an old hand at that, having appeared in such British plays as ''Bedroom Farce'' and ''Piaf.''
I had to hang in there.
And we have sadly been forced to compromise on our ideals, as slowly we began to contradict our original plans.
''You don't care what you look like in Winnipeg in the winter,'' said Mr. Morin, who lives in Toronto, ''you just want to be warm.''
Kansas St. 75, Nebraska 64 LINCOLN, Neb.
We call them sesame seeds.
Sometime next month, the Connecticut Women's Bank, 100 Mason Street, Greenwich, will open a branch office in the western end of town on the north side of the Post Road.
One of his last assignments on a stage was at the Royal Command Performance of 1980 in which as the oldest member of the company - he had celebrated his 90th birthday a few weeks earlier -he introduced the youngest, a ventriloquist.
In the center, arrange scrappiest duck slices on bottom and cover with sliced breast meat.
''The court finds,'' Judge Penn's ruling said, ''that the interests of efficiency, economy, uniformity and convenience support deciding the issues presented by this dispute in one forum.''
The Palestinians said the cease-fire covered all of Lebanon.
How large those cuts are and where they are to be made is the first order of business.
Nobody who can be pointed to.''
The tenants are also planning two lawsuits, one to prevent the evictions and the other for $15 million to $20 million for damages because of the conditions in which the tenants have been living, according to William D. Falow, their lawyer.
And so that's what he did.''
In Baghdad, a senior Iraqi official summoned Arab ambassadors today and asked them to grant Iraq military, economic and financial aid and to cut political, economic and financial relations with Iran, the agency said.
In the 49-page decision, Judge Carter said the case involved the petitions of eight Haitians, so-called boat people, who arrived in Florida last June and July, requesting political asylum.
Running five and a half miles from Miami International Airport to Biscayne Bay at the Dupont Plaza downtown, it has nine bridges that, except for two hours each morning and afternoon, frequently rise to let larger yachts, fishing boats and freighters pass through, creating traffic jams on land.
In its July 27 certification, the Administration cited a downward trend as evidence that the Salvadoran Government was making a ''concerted and significant'' effort to protect human rights.
I teach both child psychology and data processing at C.U.N.Y.
The new figures show an increase of $6.6 billion compared with $6.7 billion under the old data base.
But it emphasized self-responsibility and, in the view of some, helped rebuild morale in the ranks.
Gregory Hines was class president.
There are still some uncertainties, though.
With that in mind, she said: ''Anybody looking for a good job would be wise to make sure you are well-skilled.
Cabinet Reshuffled Often President Chun Doo Hwan, who came to power in mid-1980, has reshuffled his Cabinet five times this year in response to various setbacks, notably a major financial scandal involving his wife's family.
But, as those familiar with the frenzied talks related afterward, Cities Service did not agree to start negotiating with Gulf until late last Tuesday, the same day that Cities Service and Mesa each went to court in counterattempts to stop the other's takeover bid.
It could be anything - ''Switched-On Bach,'' Yehudi Menuhin playing jazz standards with Stephane Grappelli, or Luciano Pavarotti singing ''O Sole Mio'' - so long as it had a leg in each of two musical worlds.
Mr. Gnisci declined to be specific about how the authorities had obtained the information that led them to the successful rescue but said that all the relevant indications had come from people arrested after General Dozier's kidnapping on suspicion of having links with the Red Brigades terrorist group.
Recorded yesterday $ 29,853.50 Previously recorded 1,182,342.80 ------ Total $1,212,196.30 HOW TO AID FUND Checks should be made payable to The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund and sent to P.O.
Nowadays, the home team is 40 miles away, in Baltimore.
The rule could be stated either in terms of an ultimate objective for inflation, as it is in some industrial countries, or in terms of a monetary growth target that would be consistent with the maintenance of price-level stability.
It proved the feasibility of opening the womb, operating on the fetus and returning it to the uterus for the remainder of pregnancy.
The cast also includes Tanya Berezin, Nancy Snyder, Danton Stone, Brian Tarantina and Fritz Weaver.
These were some of the actions outlined by Anne M. Gorsuch, the agency's administrator: - A $500,000 contract with the United States Geological Survey to assist New York in evaluating inactive hazardous waste sites.
Magali Messac and Patrick Bissell emphasized the sweet-and-sour aspects of the ''Raymonda'' divertissements by dancing a flowing vision scene and spicing the Hungarian-influenced dances with sharp accents.
Federko's goal, his third of the playoffs, left Chicago with a 3-2 advantage in the four-of-seven-game series.
Jackson's homer was the third given up by Rawley in 76 innings this season and prompted some derisive chanting in the upper reaches of the stands.
Another still-murky question is why Thompson's superiors at Fort Bragg granted him a leave of absence.
Indeed, at this week's meeting, station members are expected to approve a plan that would funnel much of their money toward national programming, including performing-arts series such as ''Live From Lincoln Center''; the well-received drama anthology, ''American Playhouse''; a series of weekly documentaries to be shown in prime time and budgeted at $6 million; a new children's show, and a new nightly prime-time news magazine with ''The MacNeil/Lehrer Report'' at its core.
Perez went on and faced only 17 batters in the next five innings, surrendering just three hits.
But he added that it would be self-defeating for the Arab governments to give in to popular bitterness over the massacre and break off their effort to bring about a Middle East settlement in contact with the United States.
Shipments Declined 1.4% Manufacturers' shipments dropped 1.4 percent for the month, the fifth consecutive monthly decline, to $161.9 billion.
The unsatisfied desire of corporations to sell long-term issues should help make the 1982 corporate market resemble 1981, investment bankers say, with spurts of issuing activity whenever interest rates decline.
Several months ago, Israel's Defense Minister, Ariel Sharon, proposed redrawing the border around the town to place Rafa either wholly within the Gaza Strip or wholly within Egypt.
The event here is generally regarded as the most prestigious of its kind in the region; its total cash prizes, $25,000, are the most offered in any I.S.D.R.A.-sanctioned sprint event.
That is Mr. Roche's specialty.
With the April 25 deadline for Israel's withdrawal from Sinai only three weeks away, diplomats and officials in the Gulf countries had been speculating whether President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt would decide to send a prominent Government figure or an anonymous civil servant to Kuwait.
I want to do a Broadway show, a modern opera in which I can sing and act.
A honeymooning couple paused too long at a stop sign to grab a kiss, and apparently made the driver behind them angry enough that he stabbed the bridegroom.
''There are so many young musicians coming here, some from foreign countries,'' Miss Fuschi explained, ''who not only can profit from some advance training, but need a little time to become acclimated to our hectic pace of life.
''It is possible that we might touch 10 percent,'' the President said.
What, if any, significance should the law accord those differences?
In June, only 1,032 methaqualone prescriptions were written, compared with 4,758 in January, 5,478 in February, 4,587 in March, 4,967 in April and 3,136 in May.
Some in the agency tend to shrug it all off.
Some parents, however, had the time or the wheels to get children to the four-hour daily programs of remedial reading or math, appropriate recreation and free breakfast and lunch.
It was hard to notice the patches or the long drag mark across the center.
Those predictions of strong escalation of domestic car prices did not come true.
He amassed the greatest number of votes of any California candidate to then.
The speech was delivered at a reception in the Kremlin that followed the annual military parade through Red Square marking the 65th anniversary of the Bolshevik Revolution in 1917.
In the other, a favored team headed by Ralph Katz of Chicago had a 12-point lead that held up almost to the end against the Cinderella team led by Luella Slaner of Scarsdale, N.Y. Crucial Point of Match The turning point came on the 60th deal of the 64-deal match, shown in the diagram.
Long before hybridization was available, however, the biochemist Allan C. Wilson and the anthropologist Vincent M. Sarich, both of the University of California at Berkeley, had begun to conduct biochemical studies comparing humans, chimps and gorillas.
And the ball just kept rolling.''
14 15 46 NOBLE HOUSE, by James Clavell.
By 19, he was touring Canada.
A 29-year-old Morazan native with a sixth-grade education, he has two younger brothers who are also guerrillas.
''We feel very positive now,'' Mr. Light said.
A spade was led to the queen, and three heart winners were cashed.
Special prosecutor Leon Silverman said, as he had at the end of the first investigation in June, that there was ''insufficient credible evidence'' to prosecute Mr. Donovan on accusations that he was involved in bribery schemes with organized crime figures while he was an executive of the Schiavone Construction Company of New Jersey.
Enacted last year, it grants foreign citizens every conceivable right in the Soviet Union.
He also won a reputation for shoddy campaign practices.
There will be agreement between Israel and Lebanon to end the state of war.''
More Banking Assignments In addition, the Government appointed new heads of 18 other banks it is also nationalizing.
Wartime Censorship DURANGO, Colo., March 20 (UPI) - The armed forces cannot win wars without public support and thus should control the news media in wartime, Gen. William C. Westmoreland says.
''I said that was good, that if they had to put up with smog in the trials they would know how to respond to smog in the Olympics.''
Despite their inferior social status, however, Saudi women have plenty of money - an estimated 30 to 40 percent of the hundreds of billions of dollars of private wealth in this country - and the Koran guarantees them personal control over it.
Ambitions are not easily expressed.
Joseph Pecor, director of public relations for Festivals Inc., which operates ChicagoFest, said, ''The protest has nothing to do with black participation in the festival but rather with the C.H.A.
This time he grounded a single to center field and three runs scored.
Reese says he wishes he had stayed home in Prichard, Ala.
Last year, for example, Travelers set up an experimental program to screen policyholders for high blood pressure, a preventive measure aimed at reducing the need for expensive medical care later.
If the Floridian survives, he will have neutralized business in the general election, since the committees seldom back a candidate in a primary and then abandon him in November.
France leads the other semifinal, 2-1.
Clearly, the company is coming to grips with the problem of fluctuations in demand.
To speak of a collaboration in a literal sense, however, is somewhat misleading.
Earlier on Nov. 5, the body of the detective's friend, Maria Josephia Gutierrez, 27, was found near Pelham Parkway and the Bruckner Expressway in the Bronx.
But it is forgetting they can all hear every word and can't tell what they're supposed to take seriously.
The game lasted 6 hours, 6 minutes, the longest time for one game by either team.
Industrial output has also been hampered by a shortage of energy and limited transportation facilities.
In all, 685 of their 1,179 problems were were resolved.
That is a priceless achievement.
Repairs of this sort represent an altogether novel change because they would be passed on to the patient's descendants.
The other environmental groups signing the letter to the environmental agency were the Environmental Defense Fund, the Sierra Club and Citizens for a Better Environment.
He did, along with an excellent bottle of wine that clearly had been set aside for a special occasion.
Two years ago, when Soviet troops invaded Afghanistan, Washington plunged to react without checking West European views.
Workers will also lose overtime pay since they are paid triple for Sabbath work.
We thought of this recently in creating a series of luncheon or supper dishes with baked potatoes as a base.
''Los Angeles,'' he went on, ''is the center of mass culture; we are the center of an elite culture.
The Sinai dealings have gone smoothly when compared with the oftensnagged negotiations on Palestinian autonomy.
So what do residents do with their free time?
Psychiatrists point to Henry Ford, the elder, as a classic oddity.
His father is an internist.
Tony Conigliaro, the former Boston Red Sox slugger who was stricken with a heart attack, was reported semiconscious, a hospital spokesman said today, but he remains in serious condition in a coronary care unit.
A lot of people seem to be doing that these days.
But you're thinking of what's in the mailbox, what you're going to make for supper.
VASP said that consortium representatives would visit Brazil this month to discuss the purchase of Brazilian air industry products to offset part of the cost of the planes.
NATO sources said Mr. Buckley's presentation concentrated on credit to the Soviet Union, and touched only in passing on energy problems and a natural gas pipeline deal financed by West European governments eager to buy Soviet natural gas.
Mrs. Marshall requires a pair of large, cast-iron skillets for many recipes, even those made with wine; she ignores some commendable alternatives, such as professional-quality cookware that is widely available, conducts heat very evenly and is less likely to react with ingredients.
The last southbound bus will depart at 11 P.M.; the last northbound at 12:15 A.M. An hourly schedule will operate on Saturdays.
Mr. Deukmejian, after accusing Mr. Brown of ''chasing business away, neglecting education and appointing poor judges,'' said, ''My highest priority is public safety,'' and then described his plan to make California's prisons virtually self-supporting.
The commission now has 10 days to persuade the court to issue an injunction delaying the merger further.
With all there is to see and do, the Ozark mountain country gets its share of tourists.
Judge Charles L. Brieant issued the 96-page decision on Tuesday in Federal District Court in Manhattan.
Mr. Crane was a Foreign Service officer from 1960 to 1967 and was assigned at one time to the embassy in Jakarta.
A decision, many here believe, is likely to hinge on whether a strong black candidate enters next year's Democratic primary and threatens to siphon off some of Mayor Green's support.
In any case, consumers are advised to consult with a dentist before making a decision on a toothpaste.
The figures reflect the dollar's rise against the pound in the year.
''You can add one person to the group, two people to the group, five, a hundred, maybe a thousand,'' he said.
''France must align its growth rate with that of its neighbors,'' says Finance Minister Jacques Delors, reflecting the Government's lowered horizons.
''I think the last thing we would do is raise taxes again,'' he said.
The event was the publication of ''The Brethren'' by Bob Woodward and Scott Armstrong, an unflattering portrayal of the Supreme Court Justices based largely on information supplied by their law clerks.
Some of them revealed urban taproots when they read from work in progress at an anniversary reception this week at the Grolier Club on East 60th Street.
It was stressed that an employee's willingness to move around is important to oil companies.
If Mickey Mouse has his way, the sheriff will be riding into town, impounding all tape recorders as contraband.
Qualitative Versus Quantitative As the name suggests, the focus group is a group of people - usually eight to ten - who meet for a couple of hours to discuss a product or an advertising campaign, or just to talk about their needs as consumers.
This afternoon, an agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation testified that, a few hours after the shootings on March 30, 1981, Mr. Hinckley inquired, ''Do you think that because of this the Academy Awards are going to be postponed?''
Arnold Snell scored two touchdowns to lead Mount Vernon past Fox Lane, 22-14.
'But,'' he added with a smile, ''you should keep on trying.''
Lawmakers approved, and Governor Carey signed, measures to speed collection of the city's corporate tax and change the way earnings of its pension funds are calculated, providing $70 million during this fiscal year and $92 in the following one.
By Christopher Lehmann-Haupt THE RISE AND FALL OF DIAMONDS.
The bride, a sales representative for Editions Fenwick, a New York publishing and marketing concern, was graduated from Greenwich Academy and received a B.A.
In 1972, Ralph Nader's organization said ''his record on consumer protection is excellent.''
At gatherings in West Germany, London, Brussels, Copenhagen, Tokyo and other cities, crowds generally numbered in the hundreds.
Some recipes for white sauce recommend cooking it for 15 minutes or even longer; others do not.
''That play is full of joyful optimism, and it came out of a certain period in my life,'' he said.
Church of St. Jean Baptiste (Roman Catholic), Lexington Avenue and 76th Street.
Miss Raphael says, ''They all believe we live some glamorous life in New York.''
Elvis Presley material in this sale includes a 1953 high school yearbook showing his Hume's High School senior class in Memphis and signed ''Best of luck to a very cute girl, remember me, Elvis'' (up to $1,120).
Two Democrats who have been senior officials in the Defense Department said today they had analyzed President Reagan's program for improving the nation's strategic nuclear forces and found it wanting.
The purge apparently extends beyond Mr. Shehu's political associates.
Taxing just half of retirement benefits, it is estimated, would cut the projected 75-year deficit by 28 percent.
Mr. Laskaris said that although he believed the Health Department should do everything possible to make sure that vendors' carts are clean, the new regulations are too strict.
Young, 33, was not regarded by the networks as a prime-time opponent, said King, the promoter who is an adviser to Holmes.
The biggest problems are about wangling fresh fish from a fisherman, about drains that have choked up again or about which dinner guests will get along with the other guests.
The major issue is management - how to preserve the aggressive character of a financial business, where decisions can be turned with a phone call, while living within a corporate bureaucracy that runs on memos and meetings.
Taken together, the boats -representing the association's 14 member clubs - their skippers and crews, officials, families, friends, spectators, ice fishermen, recreational skaters and stray dogs made up as colorful a cross section of the sport of iceboating as could be found anywhere on any winter weekend.
Mr. McCall, a former Harlem State Senator, is supported by most black political leaders in the state and by many in the Democratic Party's liberal wing.
From Best's standpoint, the full-year buying is a boon, according to Richard D. Robertson, the company's vice president for finance and administration.
''When you teach a kid to stomp the raccoon to death, what's going to stop him, or her for that matter, from doing the same to a cat or a dog?''
Put the flour in a second dish and the bread crumbs in a third.
The State Department of Health said the new system produced $10 million in savings in 1980, its first full year.
With our photographer at the ready, I had him dig away.
Differences exist between futures contracts and option contracts known as puts and calls.
Its tensions are sustained through the most bizarre figurations.
At Temple Sinai in Portsmouth, Va., yesterday, Rosalind Rivin, a senior account executive with Leber Katz Partners, a New York advertising agency, was married to Carl Gary Chernoff, senior corporate counsel for the Hertz Corporation.
Positive Interpretation But Treasury Secretary Regan put a strongly positive interpretation on the international monetary measures to which the United States had agreed.
Pay-as-you-go maintains the budgetary process as a function shared by the legislative and executive branches.
There is no way now that he could be helpful to us with either our readers or our advertisers.''
Plants could still be shut down for other reasons.
These two aircraft are the Argentina's best and are flown by the best pilots.
Day care must be seen as another service that is important to the economic fabric of the community.''
Researchers found that disadvantaged children who were in Head Start were far less likely to be in special education classes and had higher math and reading scores than their peers.
The town square is bustling with life on this mostly sunny holiday morning.
A Regular Meeting Place According to affidavits of an F.B.I.
Whether one can attribute it without question to Furtwangler is another matter.
The first period ended in a scoreless tie.
In general, however, a manufacturer can restage his product for $500,000 to $1.5 million, a process that takes three months to a year to complete, according to a sampling of eight national companies that engage in product repositioning.
The cycles are highly irregular.
''We cannot exist as a small independent company when we operate at 50 percent of capacity for any length of time,'' said Milton Denner, McLouth's president, in appealing to a Congressional committee last week for protection against imports.
As a scientist, I am firmly opposed to the creationists' claim that the Bible's description of the origin of the world has scientific validity.
''There is no question that the removal of this cocaine from the market will significantly improve the national health safety, certainly in the New York area, if not a large part of the country.''
These teachers, who in many cases have been trained in English, social studies or physical education, are being asked to take over classes in algebra, physics, chemistry and other related subjects.
Finally, we must ask ourselves in what manner the Russians would respond to such a strategy.
The legal economy virtually collapsed under the pressure of rampant corruption, fed by the profits of the illegal cocaine trade.
Initially customers were drawn to the center through targeted promotional mailings offering a free financial planning guide to those who came in, but now business is largely generated from those customers who pass by.
All of the figures were adjusted for normal seasonal variations in income and spending.
Among other dealers are Sam Woo Henry (jewelry and tiny figurines), The Heritage (jades, tiny ceramic teapots) and Netsuke House, where the variety of netsukes - tiny Japanese toggles carved in animal, vegetable and fruit forms - is impressive.
A Maximum of $10 Million If no one selects the correct numbers, the money accrues each week until it reaches a maximum of $10 million, which will be the prize next week if no one gets lucky on Thursday -and will be the prize each succeeding week until someone wins.
This is something we never learned in Russia.''
Becoming a Full-Time Job The Western Wind performs more than 150 times a year, and its members - Mr. Zukof, Lawrence Bennett and William Lyon Lee, tenors; Ma Prem Alimo and Janet Sullivan, sopranos, and Elliot Levine, baritone -are finding their ensemble a nearly full-time concerted activity, though they teach and sing in a variety of places.
To celebrate the centenary of the birth of the late Fiorello H. La Guardia, Virgil Thomson's brief ''La Guardia Waltzes'' will be played.
For now, though, home is Brooklyn, and the staff is dealing with change.
However, money-market economists generally discounted this report.
Routine things will be diminished.
Kimberly Farkas, for instance, knows it was her 10th year ''because the first time my daughter was bitten by our dog and I was waiting in the models' room for the nanny to call me and tell me what the doctor said.''
Before the concert, Mr. Goodman reflected on possible differences in their playing now as against then.
''What is clear,'' says Mr. Passell, is that airbags could save thousands of lives.
Dr. Stuart Silver authorized the weekend releases from Clifton T. Perkins Hospital in Jessup every other weekend beginning June 12 because, he said, Mr. Hopkins was showing improvement and the releases were ''part of the treatment.''
Such a strategy, with growth and employment as its two objectives, would involve several components.
''We're shooting for 25 percent,'' Mr. Jackson said.
When such vast size is combined with such commitment to the modernist architectural vocabulary, the result is a building that looks something like a cross between a 1920's factory and the Centre Pompidou in Paris, rendered in rust-colored Cor-ten steel.
The defendant, who was not identified by the sources, received a three-year sentence for strike activities.
Program Backed by Farm Group ''The seed-retrieval program seeks to rebuild the national genetic pool of plants geared to small farmers,'' the project director, Domingo Panganiban, said in an interview.
He is a graduate of Franklin College in Indiana and holds a master's degree in biophysics from De Paul University in Chicago.
It seemed less than coincidence to some voters that Mr. White was a stockholder in one utility holding company and a board member of a utility before becoming Governor.
Asked if there is any way a young woman can eliminate the risk of coming down with toxic shock syndrome, Dr. Shands replied: ''She could not use tampons.''
That is borne out by the experience of those laid off in this small working-class community a few miles outside Birmingham.
To date, more than enough people have applied for the limited number of positions available.
El Saadawi's unwillingness to dismiss Islam as a potentially progressive force must be understood within its political context.
He did not put any dollar figure on the maximum amount of money that might be borrowed by American companies.
Six other companies notified of the bidding had not responded by yesterday's deadline.
''There were really no surprises,'' David Healy, an automotive analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc., said of the model year, which ended Sept. 30.
Hundreds of ''regulars'' appear at Pound Ridge right after the first sizable snowfall and return week after week.
The difficulty is, as with all people doing unpleasant tasks, such as raising taxes to meet obligations that prior Congresses had the pleasant task to enact, that they cut it a little close.
''He hadn't seen most of them in 30 years, and I can tell you that by the end of the evening he was really perspiring,'' she said.
But, of course, for the process to get fairly started we need to resolve some large outstanding questions as well -questions that hang heavily over financial markets and prospects for interest rates, inflation and early recovery.
Under the system of contemporaneous reserve requirements, there will be no lag.
The idea of transferring to another college came after a 21-16 loss to Iowa, which was the fourth defeat in what stretched into eight consecutive losses.
The penalty for an ineligible receiver beyond the neutral zone was changed from 15 yards to 5 yards, plus loss of down.
I got bitten by theater in high school in Indiana, and when I went to the University of Evansville, right in my hometown, I went after voice.
'' The chairman of the group of experts, Maj. Gen. Esmat A. Ezz, an Egyptian doctor and a specialist in chemical defense, said that Mr. Adelman's assertion was unfair.
Winning, Mr. Roman said enthusiastically yesterday, took a lot of hard work.
If, he said, there were a further decline in the rate of steel production - now 60 percent of capacity - employment would continue to fall for his company.
Menus at $12, $17 and $29.
In practice, official sources say, South Africa seeks to put together a new governing alliance made up of the strongest political parties representing the various ethnic and racial groups that make up the Namibian population of about one million.
''I am one of the most liberal members of the House.''
A key to Apple's success will be whether it will attract software companies to write programs for its machine, Miss Dyson said.
Clearly, Mexico could much more cheaply build oil and gas generating plants based on its surging hydrocarbon reserves, now estimated to equal 72 billion barrels.
This is not surprising, considering the Harmonic Choir's source of inspiration, the religious singing of Tibetan and Mongolian monks, in which precise throat-cavity adjustments allow the projection of not only a fundamental tone but also a simultaneous series of unearthly whistling overtones around it.
You won't get migraine headaches.
Sami Yousif Ibrahim, a slight lad of 15, is seen by his mother and others in the ramshackle neighborhood as a good boy.
Although each city had its share of highly individual design talents, the clothes they collectively turned out each season always had a few common threads.
He left Fe derated in 1968 to join Gimbel Brothers Inc., a division of Brown & W illiamson Industries, but returned six years later to Federated's B urdine's division in Florida as vice president and general merchan dise manager for readyto-wear.
The Court ruled that cities are no longer immune from antitrust suits unless they are acting under specific approval from state government.
You see it in America's preference for more competition and less monopoly and Government regulation.
The award was contested in the courts for almost two years.
World Airways asked the C.A.B.
There is a dilemma, but MX won't solve it.
Perhaps, Dr. Shangold suggests, the women with problems are under considerable stress, both from their exercise patterns and other activities.
1972: DDT is banned for agricultural uses.
Mr. Austin said her name was on a list of persons subject to exclusion because of affiliation with certain organizations.
Detective Lafferty has enjoyed the temporary work.
Today's high, 38 to 42.
By then, rival executives either had come under his wing or had been outpaced, and in 1974 it seemed only natural when he was named president at age 49.
Two months ago, Conquistador Cielo, a 3-year-old son of Mr. Prospector who had won six consecutive races, finished third at odds of 2-to-5 in the Travers Stakes and probably lost his chance to be named the Horse of the Year.
There are few option plays, and passing became increasingly conservative after a rash of early-season interceptions turned a season of high expectations into a nightmare.
The carotid artery hold involves pinching off the artery in the neck.
Driving Shot by McEwen Young, the Minnesota captain, tied the score in the second period as his teammates picked up the tempo and sent eight tough shots on Smith.
They called the game Radar.
''The weakness of the W.F.L.
'The Missing People' ''It would be a great contribution to the restoration of democracy for the Government to take effective steps to solve the serious problem of the missing people, prisoners without trial, those who have completed their sentences and are still in prison, to disclose their fate and to release them,'' the bishops said.
The concessions are part of a reorganization plan that Harvester announced Thursday.
Yesterday, the Dow closed at roughly half that level, or 830.57.
And he argues that Suffolk's decisive action led Governor Carey to begin a large study of the impact of the bill on the bottling and brewing industry.
But his worst anger was reserved for the Arab world, which he said had betrayed the Palestinians and their cause.
* Afga-Gevaert Graphics Inc. said it held about 2.2 million common shares of Compugraphic Corp. pursuant to its earlier tender offer.
He refused to answer a question about the total number of SS-20's that were to be deployed, compared to the total of 572 American missiles fixed by the Atlantic alliance for deployment if the current arms-reduction talks fail.
That play ended what had been an Irish offensive drought.
''My dreams are so worthwhile, so exciting,'' he said.
Some doctors urge patients to exploit the benefits of the placebo effect until something better comes along.
Of late, he's been writing articles on serious subjects for New York magazine and humorous pieces for Playboy and The New York Times Magazine and has sold three screenplays to Hollywood.
The 56-year-old executive's job is full time and paid, unlike that of the chairman, currently George Duncan, president of Metromedia Radio, who is an active broadcaster and is elected by the membership.
But her very strongheadness is what makes her exciting.
More than 30,000 citizens have signed an arms-freeze petition, which calls on members of the state congressional delegation to sponsor a resolution urging the United States and the Soviet Union to halt all further development and deployment of nuclear weapons.
''This is the largest state in the country and the eighth largest nation in the world in terms of gross national product, and Cranston has had massive margins of victory here,'' said Mickey Kantor, a former Cranston campaign chief who now is running Gov.
But as Majority Leader Wright indicates, the Republican prospects hinge on the economy and whether the public views the Reagan program as a success.
Floyd Bannister is the only quality starting pitcher who can be a free agent.
Keven Besana of the sheriff's office said another snowstorm was moving in.
The second program, ''The Race With Time,'' will focus on contemporary Saudi society where Western technology and values confront conservative Islam.
It is for the New York/New Jersey operation, which is made up of 33 dealers and which previously did its advertising mostly in-house.
As director of the management-training development center at league headquarters at 500 East 62d Street, he was responsible for training executives for the league's affiliates in 118 cities and for training members of the national staff in New York.
While checking out the Andersens and Olsens, the airline hopes to interest inquirers in its new heritage program of fly-drive tours, which gives genealogists the oppportunity to track the routes their forebears took to the United States as well as explore the Scandinavian countryside.
Mr. Kean has named Republican political pros to fewer than half of the 11 major Cabinet positions he has filled so far.
The winner will take office for a fouryear term beginning July 1.
Players Association, who said: ''If he strikes, obviously I'll strike.
A lavish Presidential party greeted the New Year at the 200-acre estate of Walter and Leonore Annenberg in Palm Springs, Calif. President Reagan played golf at the private 18-hole course on the estate and then joined 90 friends and senior members of his Administration for a gala dinner and dancing party.
Unlike his first inauguration, when he talked about both New York's assets and faults, Mr. Koch concentrated yesterday on the good, especially the fiscal stability, economic development and improved city spirit for which he believes he can take credit.
It asserted that an attack on any American state by either an American or a foreign nation would be considered an attack on all of those bound by the treaty and that collective measures would be taken to repel the aggression.
A Senate-House conference comes next.
It's what Thomson calls ''surrounding the market,'' said Richard H. Groves, 53-year-old president, who was executive vice president of the Chilton Company, acquired by the American Broadcasting Companies.
Then, if rejected applicants telephone, she is away.
One of the strongest is of an old mill restaurant in northern Burgundy where she arrived very hungry and was fed both well and copiously by a diabolically generous waitress who was frustrated by the scarcity of customers.
The bidding: North East South West 1 H 3 C Pass Pass Dbl.
The patrol was started by Citibank in New York City in 1973.
As you correctly state, the initial requirements ''are not utopian conditions.''
Mr. Marcus, who has helped to draft all the district regulations, said he believed they had worked ''pretty well.''
''It should make a payment in lieu of taxes.''
''Look at Maine,'' Mr. Mellon said.
Among the novel's many characters are Stefan Wilde, factotum of the whorehouse; his two loves - Matka, the madam, and Christina Matlock, a nun who comes to Panna Maria to provide medical service; and Joseph, Matka's - possibly also Stefan's - son.
''What Restoration has always sought to do,'' the 39-year-old Mr. Wood said, ''was to help a community to stand on its own, to wed the spirit and ambition to succeed in that community with the know-how and money of government and private sources outside it.
Dr. Jonathan Lorch, president of the New York chapter of Physicians for Social Responsibility, told a crowd of 550 at the Church of the Holy Apostles, at Ninth Avenue and 28th Street, that they would be vaporized instantly if a 20-megaton hydrogen bomb were to be detonated above the Empire State Building.
Other theaters have fallen to malls, office buildings and the multi-screen indoor cinemas that promoters find dramatically more profitable.
Extended Talks With Saudis During his three days in Saudi Arabia, Mr. Weinberger had extended talks with several Saudi leaders, including a nine-hour session with Prince Sultan, the Defense Minister, that lasted until about 4:45 A.M. All that came out of the marathon session, however, was a grudging Saudi agreement to form a ''joint committee for military projects'' that would oversee existing programs such as deliveries of F-15 fighters and the Awacs planes.
''Most of the heights have been carried over from season to season without ever having been really checked,'' said Tom Ambrose of the Phoenix Suns, the president of the newly formed group.
Federalists Raise $24,000 The Federalists managed to raise $24,000 for travel and expenses for 60 students and 20 scholars from several groups that are backing student conservative movements across the country.
Ragnar Ulfung stole large moments with his interpretation of the down-at-heels King Pollux, beseiged by masked creditors who seemed to rush in from some lost commedia dell' arte troupe.
Jimmy Healey went to George Washington High School on Washington Heights.
The Royal Shakespeare Company's production of ''Good,'' a play by C.P.
The great majority of exploratory drilling ventures fail to pay out.
The company, which is a subsidiary of the International Telephone and Telegraph Corporation, will consider granting licenses in this country.
It is a most inadequate raw surface - everything given is only a hint.
The House today passed a resolution urging President Reagan to oppose European efforts to restrict imports of corn gluten, an ingredient in animal feed, with a warning that the issue could start a trade war.
At first, Mr. O'Neill appeared uncomfortable in the office.
When ''Cats'' opens on Broadway this season, he will have three shows running simultaneously in both New York and London.
Mr. Faure said that Otis plans to retain ownership of the land and buildings.
Though Garvey, at times, has confirmed Tuesday as the date the strike will begin, he has denied confirmation at other times.
At first, they were very shy with me.
Not incidentally, Citicorp's recently acquired thrift unit, Fidelity Savings of San Francisco, is part of that crowd.
One officer investigating the shootings said the fighting began when ''someone bumped someone else, and no one backed down.''
Mr. Kir@aly, who now teaches at Brooklyn College, remembers that Mr. Andropov assured him, ''Believe me, general, the Soviet people are Hungary's best friends.''
The three shamans from Seoul were women, backed by male musicians on drums, gongs, cymbals and a droning flute.
All Those Opportunities ''I traveled too much last year,'' she sai d. ''When people dangle all these opp ortunities in front of you, it is very flattering and very difficul t to turn them down.
Dr. Shifriss believes that his long-term non-traditional research is only the beginning of the evolution of squash to a major farm product of high-quality.
Now he's up north with her, and I'm down here with me.''
Dead leaves, matted berries stung open to their gray pulp drew the putrid wash into momentary solidity, but then the bubbles rose catching the dim light, and the fronds of moss drifted apart.
''Anyway, before the last game, they held a meeting on me.
NASA officials did not expect the booster accident to delay future missions, but the agency is under heavy pressure to make the shuttle economical.
''I wouldn't have joined,'' he said.
A Roman Catholic Church spokesman here said in a recent interview that President Reagan's appeal to light a candle as an expression of solidarity with the people of Poland at a time when there had been seven Polish workers killed and that country had been under martial law for less than two months was ''totally contradictory'' to the President's conclusion that the human rights situation here was improving.
He could not afford to, he said, because he has no money, ''not a penny.''
Two of those most seriously hurt were Jozef Bocian and Jerzy Grzebieluch, a member of the suspended farmers' union.
In other, more complicated cases, the investor also helps with the mortgage payments, or contributes only to the payments and not to the down payment.
Should Cowens fail in hs bid to return, Boston would return the draft pick to Phoenix.
But despite the slowdown I think a lot of people have made it a point to be here to try to figure out what is going on and what they can do to make their business better.''
''There are benefits and difficulties from having a family business - because you're working with the same people that you're living with.
She greeted me with a kiss; she doesn't always.
Steel Story: The United States International Trade Commission will take testimony from domestic and foreign producers in the continuing battle over tariffs and quotas for steel exports to this country.
Not that the job of baseball manager need be treated as respectfully as that of the Chief Justice of the United States.
'Tantamount to a Lynching' Mr. Musto's attorney, Irving Anolik, said that Mrs. Melnick's changes of heart indicated that she had been coerced by jurors enervated and exhausted after five days of deliberation.
But many Guatemalan political leaders hoped last Sunday's presidential election would change all that.
This week, active support from the White House helped him to secure the post of chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee.
''She sang 'Shiny Stockings,' one of the Basie songs, when she was seven.''
''They haven't gotten beyond the talking stage yet.''
Had the Simons bought the book, about Jean Harris and the death of the author of the Scarsdale diet, Dr. Herman Tarnower, it was to have been made into a movie with Miss Jones in the title role.
He had done some films just before 'Frenzy' that hadn't caught on at the time.
Now, they say tentatively, things are begining to change.
Mark S. Fowler, chairman of the Federal Communications Commission -which still maintains one guideline (not a law) limiting commercials to 16 minutes every hour - said that he would like to deregulate television completely, with no restrictions on amounts or types of advertising.
Both the Contemporary and the Polynesian Village Resort have several restaurants.
Mrs. Hoeber said that her office averaged 75 to 100 calls a week from individuals complaining of purported housing discrimination.
But it has been largely accepted as a superior rule to the dominion of strength.
Other winners among cellists were Georg Faust of West Germany, third prize; Marina Tarasova of the Soviet Union, fourth; Truls Otterbech of Mork, Norway, sixth, and Michal Kanka of Czechoslovakia, eighth.
European nations, confused about American strategy and divided in their own policies, are facing the prospect of an economic upturn with only modest expectations.
Regard for Mrs. Kirkpatrick But in a news conference the next day, Mr. Haig said he alone had made the decision, suggesting to some that Mr. Reagan was irrelevant to the process.
Slow, Gentle Questioning It takes more than an hour of slow, gentle questioning, but the detectives learn the following: the Arnolds were divorced last July; Mrs. Arnold can't believe her husband is ''goofy enough'' to get involved in anything like the Tylenol killings; she was a patient at Central DuPage Hospital and her husband did come to visit; about six months ago her husband began to be interested in chemistry, and chemicals were delivered to the house; on one occasion a number of years ago her husband gave her a Tylenol tablet and she vomited, but that, she explains, ''was probably due to overeating.''
But spokesmen for the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the civilian agency that coordinates planning and relief for natural and military disasters, said that only a few jurisdictions had rejected evacuation plans.
''United States soldiers just don't sit there or stand there and watch something of that nature occurring without either trying to prevent it or, if they can't, informing their superiors afterward,'' he said.
The buttons are on computers.
But there is no single list, and the havens vary widely in their secrecy laws, banking facilities and tax advantages.
It has the NBC stations in Providence and Columbus, Ohio.
Friday morning hundreds of employees of the Health Department demonstrated in front of the Capitol to protest a five-hour-a-week reduction and corresponding salary cuts.
Allen Fumbles His First Carry After a week of sunshine and comfortable temperatures, the day began with a light rain falling upon the desert.
Instructors: Joseph Collora, Beverly Barbour and others.
It then fell 16 votes short against limiting debate on the bill without retroactivity.
He has also been used as a punt returner.
This, according to some lawyers, represents a substantial change from the practice of judges who have customarily deferred to the agencies, especially on technical matters relating to air and water pollution, health and safety, communications and labor law and regulation of the securities markets.
When that fast failed to produce action for the others, they announced the total hunger strike.
With that in mind, the committee would high-mindedly let the House raise the pay of its members and the senior executives.
As subjects for paper dolls to be cut out and dressed up?
PAMELA LONG NOLAN Artist/Illustrator East Northport
The Federal Reserve announced yesterday a $3.1 billion drop in the nation's basic money supply in the week ended Feb. 10, a bigger-thanexpected decline that caused interest rates to plummet.
The big house that was the wild-animal hospital and had more visitors than patients.
For more information call 442-0391.
The faculty went without pay sometimes months on end.
''And that requires construction of a machine like the C.B.A.''
Miss Savitskaya became a parachutist and pilot as a teen-ager.
In contrast, Mr. Seymour has been sharply critical of the Democratic incumbent.
Mr. Eskenazi should look to his own school system to find out why their students aren't winning more of the prestigious awards before defaming those who do win.
Space age signals have detected Stone Age settlements and other subterranean features in a region that is now one of the most barren on earth.
The essence of the President's economic policy can be stated in a few words: less government, lower income taxes, less regulation of business, slower expansion of the money supply.
More independent analysts suggest it is hard to say now what impact the tax vote will have on the fall elections.
Once in a while we could hear the guns of woodcock and ruffed grouse hunters in the distance, far beyond the red and gold pennants of the hardwoods on the hill to the west.
Moreover, the Federal Communications Commission would be authorized to set ceilings on fees that localities could charge cable operators, thus limiting the income that cities might expect to receive from lucrative cable operations.
Chris, a psychologist, said the carpentry was therapeutic.
This penny-wise, pound-foolish demonstration is scarcely calculated to inspire state officials to an acceptance of the new Federal relationship which the current Administration advocates.
Miss Daniel's finish at 12 under par established a WUI tournament record, breaking the mark of nine under par.
Sported by a model, J anice Dickinson, it is a new sort of bob, with all the hair of one l ength, swept off the face and meeting at the nape of the neck.
He had his best season in 1981 when the Volunteers were 8-4.
Mr. Reagan and his wife, Nancy, have traditionally spent New Year's weekend at the Annenbergs' desert estate, where security is tight and the President remains out of view.
WEDNESDAY Louisiana Power and Light, $75 million of first mortgage bonds, rated Baa3/BB.
Coffee and sugar prices were lower, and cocoa prices were mixed in light trading on the Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa Exchange in New York.
One proposed law would keep food peddlers under Health Department jurisdiction but subject them to the same Consumer Affairs restrictions in busy areas that now control general merchandise peddlers.
You have to have talent, but you also have to have an incredible amount of luck.'
The intermediate maturities gained about a point, while yields on Treasury bills fell about 40 basis points, or hundredths of a percentage point.
Mr. Geoghegan said that Bell's coupling rules, which he called ''fair and reasonable,'' had been developed in accordance with F.C.C.
In a report last October, the National Wildlife Federation of Washington said that New Jersey was among 10 states ''extremely vulnerable'' to the adverse affects of acid rain because of generally fragile soil conditions.
We don't want to go to Hong Kong, but we may be forced to do so.''
''Almost from the beginning we started adding flavor s and sizes, but it's been gradual.
Miss Potter got some consolation by returning to win the doubles with Sharon Walsh.
''A lot of people feel we're forgotten out here, especially the farmers,'' said Calli Gullickson, the manager of a fabrics store.
Murray's winning goal left Melanson dispirited.
It gave no further information on those in prison.
However, the proceedings have already been delayed by a dispute among commission members over who should serve on the three-judge panel and by the unsuccessful efforts of the utilities to have the hearing canceled and to bar critics of the plants from testifying.
Procter & Gamble's earnings rose 15.1 percent in the third fiscal quarter.
The questioning was marked by critical comments by both Democratic and Republican legislators, who raised questions about the way the commission operates in general.
Israeli officials in Washington confirmed that the United States had expressed concern about a takeover of Beirut and that Israel had reassured the United States that no such move was under way.
Tip From Father Raymond had been tipped off by John Brunner, then an assistant at Temple.
Against six spades, West led his singleton club and East's queen forced the ace.
By the end of the trading day in New York, the dollar jumped to 260.08 yen from 259.30 Wednesday.
In a time of austerity, Drew Lewis hopes to raise $5 billion a year in new Federal taxes.
In an interview, Charles Bates, the county's Commissioner of Social Services, said: ''I expect we have squeezed the economic life of an awful lot of families in the poorer sections of Westchester.''
he posed rhetorically in reference to an earlier conversation.
A bill that would raise the gasoline tax to finance a highway repair program ran into opposition in the House despite the support of both parties' leaders.
The idea of ''innocent'' seeing, if such an idea ever really existed for these writers, was dislodged: the reader could not be certain who was doinguch the act of seeing corrupted the perception of the external world, or even if there was a stable and knowable exernal world.
It is actually a fairly new growth.
But the real question was not addressed in the article: Why are so many established airlines hurting so badly in a free market?
Pilots today have responsibility for seeing and avoiding other planes in good visibility.
They readily agreed when it was proposed that Memorial Day cememonies be held in the cemetery for the first time.
Whether he threw a club or a diamond he would be left with two losers.
And how far from Broadway did you have to travel to hear it?''
In a statement released by his office in Washington, Senator Baker said that the 62-year-old Mr. Williams ''indicated that, for health reasons, it has not been possible for him to be in Washington to prepare for the debate.''
It was the 500th goal of his career, and sent Washington ahead by 3-1.
McGee recalled that when he was in one of the Yankee spring training camps, the team had eight young pitchers striving to gain one or two spots on the staff.
Dr. Berry will also recapitulate the series by relating Christianity to the other four faiths.
Morris contended that Mr. Donaldson, a longtime friend, had helped undercover state agents trap him because Morris owed him $400.
The contracts of the three producers, the Aluminum Company of America, Reynolds and Kaiser, provide a cost-of-living adjustment for Sept. 6 and three more before May 31, when the contracts are due to expire.
At the same time, revenues from basic cable subscriptions, averaging between $5 and $7 a month, rose to an estimated $2 billion last year from $895 million in 1975.
The unemployment rate for construction workers dropped slightly, from 23 percent in October to 21.9 percent in November.
It's about the theft, yet again, of the fabulous ''Pink Panther'' diamond, the national treasure of the fictitious Middle Eastern country of Lugash.
* Commercial Union Corp., Boston, has elected Ellmore C. Patterson a director of the company and of its operating company, CU Leasing Corp. * Federal Home Loan Bank of New York has named George Minish chairman of the board.
Initially, he seeks a stock that has had a steep decline and is now moving sideways - building a base.
The price to buy an apartment here is double San Francisco's and the rental payaments are nearly as much as if you bought.''
Lois Pitts Gershon won the account of the Tourneau watch stores a month or so ago and never announced it.
Nalco's traditional business -producing water treatment chemicals to control scale, corrosion and microorganisms in industrial boiler and cooling systems - received a boost from the Federal Clean Water Act of 1973, and Nalco is refocusing on this business segment to absorb lost antiknock sales.
Its chairman and six governors are appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate.
It is not a very efficient method, nor does it result ultimately in a great quantity of electric power, because garbage-generated steam does not have the super-heated intensity required.
In addition, public construction slipped eight-tenths of 1 percent, to an annual rate of $52 billion in December.
A half century ago, when Federal gangbusters went after this city's Prohibition-era mob lord, Al Capone, they had to settle for snagging him on a relatively trivial charge, income tax evasion.
She suggested that after the first shift, one of the Alphonse-Gaston dancers should conclude the gavotte with, ''The gigue is up.''
''It's pretty plain and simple,'' he said.
Proximity to New York City Many reasons are given why artists move to the east end of Long Island.
One misconception, common in domestic games, is that dummy should scrutinize the play, waiting for partner to ruff something or to discard.
The youngster climbs on a donkey - an actor bent double at the waist and covered with a cloth - and embarks on his journey.
The controls apply to the Soviet Union, the Warsaw Pact members of Eastern Europe (Poland, East Germany, Bulgaria, Rumania, Hungary and Czechoslovakia) and the Asian Communist countries except China.
Perez said that Angel Santiago, the filly's regular rider, is also recovering rapidly from an injury.
It took about 90 minutes for firefighters from the center, Coffee County and nearby Manchester to control the blaze.
Dr. Militsyn said that the modernization of the center was long overdue and had involved a complete replacement of technical equipment, including the installation of new computers of Soviet design that had greatly improved spacecraft control and communications.
A Weapons Charge One of those booked, 22-year-old Jose Guillermo Benito, of 1267 Sheridan Avenue in the Tremont section of the Bronx, was stopped by the police after jumping a turnstile and then arrested for carrying a loated .25 caliber automatic pistol, said Thomas McCarthy, a spokesman for the Queens District Attorney.
''That's a question we always wonder about,'' said Channing Stowell, vice president of the Market Research Corporation of America, a Northbrook, Ill., concern that conducts opinion surveys on consumer tastes.
The question, of course, presents itself as to whether it hubris, or simply bad theater, to overrule Offenbach's artistic judgment and reinstate rejected music.
If the visitor stays overnight, he is probably earning $20,000 or more, will spend $300 during his visit and has a college degree; if he is a day tripper, he is less well-to-do, will spend $100 and is less educated.
But if times have changed, The Forward's mission remains.
Their state visit to Washington is meant to augment the legitimacy of the regime, one long burdened by charges of corruption and cruelty.
But to Latin Americans in the Washington audience and south of the border, including the many who publicly praised the program, the speech had a familiar ring.
During its investigation, the F.B.I.
's most frustrated franchise had won its first conference title.
That was the lowest since April 26, 1979, when silver closed at $7.578.
The note, which has not been made public here, accused Taiwan of trying ''by every possible means'' to entice countries with diplomatic links to China to set up ''contacts which are actually official in nature but conducted in the name of economic, cultural and technological exchanges.''
Clark has not tried to be a substitute for Haig on the substance of policy.
Duane Sutter scored two goals, which not only helped him end a personal slump of one goal in his previous 23 games, but also helped halt a slide in which the Islanders had dropped three of their four previous playoff games.
Advertisers who run three, six, nine or twelve pages a year in three or four of the magazines get 6 percent to 14 percent discounts in ad rates.
But the songs that Miss Donahue sings, including the bubblegummy anthem ''I Know What Boys Like,'' were all written by a man, Chris Butler, who founded the group and who plays lead guitar.
When slavery was the great issue, we had Lincoln debating Douglas.
In addition to the ones that show up on this year's 10-best list and on the list of runners-up, there have been such high-spirited entertainments as Walter Hill's ''48 Hours,'' Don Seigel's oddball ''Jinxed,'' with its game performances by Bette Midler and Rip Torn, Susan Seidelman's independently-made ''Smithereens,'' Richard Loncraine's very English and very funny ''The Missionary,'' written by its star, Michael Palin, Paul Bartel's ''Eating Raoul,'' Carl Reiner's ''Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid,'' Robert Altman's long-delayed ''Health,'' ''Richard Pryor Live on the Sunset Strip,'' and even Bob Clark's ''Porky's,'' which, like some imitation cheese-flavored junk food, may not do anything for you but is very easily consumed.
Most of the people opposing me seem to be relatively new.''
Another motorist involved in the crash confirmed his story.
His wife, now caring for the new child as well as the 2-year-old, is unable to work.
Begin said, referring to the heavy fighting Tuesday night and today.
The bus also plays a vital role in rural and non-urbanized areas that lack access to airlines or rails.
Also, certain questions remain teasingly unanswered.
It sold only about 500 copies, according to the author, who teaches English at Broward Community College in Davie, Fla.
Sadat was properly grateful to those responsible, and in 1975, to the shocked surprise of some of the President's aides, Sadat chose Mubarak - the No.
Reflecting the traditional belief here that in wartime the first duty of reporters is to the war effort, she said in the House of Commons that many people resented the implication that ''a dictatorship's propaganda'' should be given equal weight to the Defense Ministry reports.
'Are we doing the right thing?'
The big problem was the windshield, which regulations said we had to have.
Then heavy rain delayed the game for 26 minutes.
I walked into a bedroom.
None of this, perhaps, would have counted large in the final assessment of Mr. Brezhnev had it not been for Afghanistan and Poland.
He finally made it to the winner's circle when 8-year-old Dixie Chief got up in the last jump to take the second race at $6.60 for $2 and complete a $48 daily double.
He was graduated from the Waldorf School in Garden City, L.I., and Brown University.
It can also be an evening and early morning of driving and drinking.
Miss Mason is president of Alice Mason Real Estate, 667 Madison Avenue, a concern she has headed for 20 years.
Gifts Were Not Illegal While the gifts were not illegal, some critics said they raised questions about the Governor's judgment.
The company mines taconite in northeastern Minnesota and hauls lowgrade iron ore to its plant at Silver Bay, 55 miles northeast of Duluth.
The way to do that is to assist them, and that's what we're doing.''
At any rate, they have not yet asked for the F.B.I.
Election officials had received 10,000 yellow ballots for the voters here.
LYNN ROGOFF, New York City
Hundreds of applications are expected; up to 25 zones will be a year will be approved for three years.
Simultaneously, the French are expected to diversify their aid and channel more of it towards English- and Portuguese-speaking Africa, thus reinforcing a drive by French private enterprise to break into African markets like Nigeria that are not part of their traditonal domain.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
'Meaning of Life and Death' Such cases, the editorial said, ''test our understanding of the nature and goals of medicine, of the responsibility of physicians and even of the meaning of life and death.''
The outlook for Christmas 1983 is for an unemployment rate above 10 percent.
''I worked my way through college because I wanted to, not because I had to,'' he once remarked, ''and because I wanted experience on Wall Street.''
As a result, according to Reagan Administration officials, uncertainty over the exact amount of projected deficits will become greater, and this, in turn, could create turmoil in financial markets, keep interest rates high and further hamper economic recovery.
But Nissan spokesmen said the outlook for the plan, which was postponed in July, is increasingly bleak.
Size of this sale is estimated at $7 billion, or perhaps $7.25 billion.
The idea was worth $2,576 in savings to the company and a $257.64 award to Mr. Smith.
The book is by Jay Broad, and the score is by Harry Manfredini and John Briggs.
Inside, under the high ceilings, is a particularly graceful oval staircase and some fine Empire furniture, including several pieces attributed to Duncan Phyfe.
He contrasts this with the commitment of Japanese managers to their companies.
* Builders Investment Group of California and Mountainwest Savings & Loan of Utah said they had reached an agreement whereby Builders would acquire all of the outstanding stock of Mountainwest in exchange for an undisclosed amount of cash and notes.
He asked for, and was promised, more military aid.
This weekend, for instance, the New Workshop Theater at the Brooklyn Center for the Performing Arts of Brooklyn College is presenting ''New Chamber Operas: An Evening of Premieres.''
And I refused to let it be treated like that, so I had to get the theaters.
We're all used to faded photographs of our grandparents.
But Miss Austin's patience, willingness to play through a point and commit to the long haul continue to dominate.
To prevent a recurrence of the explosion in the Caldecott Tunnel that incinerated seven persons here, politicans demanded today that urgent measures be taken to ban gasoline tank trucks from such routes.
In addition to loosening Patrick's tongue, slightly, it meant that the team had won the first three games of an eight-game trip; that the Rangers held third place in the Patrick Division (named after the general manager's grandfather, Lester) by a comfortable 5-point margin over the Pittsburgh Penguins; that, for the first time, they were only 5 points behind the secondplace Philadelphia Flyers, and that they were four games above .500 (24-20-7) by having made January their best month of the season (9-3-2).
In January, Honduras moved toward democracy with the first civilian Government in a decade.
Tosco yesterday said it was exercising the option and that it therefore would receive about $380 million from Exxon.
Salt Water Intrusion Cited Jean Smith, information specialist at the Marine Research Laboratory of the Florida Department of Natural Resources in St. Petersburg, said that under normal conditions red tides could not occur in areas of low salinity such as the Caloosahatchee River.
All of this should calm whatever worry residents may feel about the future.
''I knew it would be a great morning to come over to Bloomie's,'' said Robert Rufino.
Two Estimates on Loss The General Accounting Office, a Congressional investigative arm, estimated last year that more than $100 million in incorrect benefit checks had gone to people with unreported bank accounts in 1980.
It rarely metastasizes and most people who have it, according to Dr. Horowitz, don't even bother to have it removed.
Had he gone in to see the boss hat in hand?
Georgetown (24-6) fell 10-points behind in the first half of the opening game tonight before spreading its offense and forcing Providence into a man-to-man defense.
Tables had been set up there with hot dogs, salads, breads and a large tub of ice stuffed with bottles of Canadian ale.
Metropolitan Bookings through 1986 have been made for meeting space in New York City's convention center, which is still in the early stages of construction in the West 30's near the Hudson River.
It is difficult also to be comfortable about the plan to start borrowing again from the pension funds, a practice that smells of city crisis.
Southeast contended it would be damaged to the amount of $100 million if the merger became a reality.
That agreement only covers the debt of Harvester, the parent company, and the credit subsidiary, the International Harvester Credit Corporation.
Get everything containing sugar out of the house.
Pureed vegetables such as carrots, beets, cauliflower, broccoli or string beans can be piped onto the platter with a pastry tube.
That's somebody who is more than 50 miles away from home, has no responsibility for implementing the advice he gives and shows slides.''
At dark, a fog rolled into the Great Swamp.
In England and Wales, overthe past deca de, doctors have noted a five-fold increase in urinary tract infecti ons caused by bacteria that have become resistant to a commonly pres cribed antibiotic.
In Haiti, the New York Times correspondent Jo Thomas has reported, ''Miami'' means the U.S., land of opportunity.
Recent articles and commentary in The New York Times discuss whether the Manville Corporation could, or should, or would get away with the bankruptcy maneuver to avoid paying compensation to those injured (or to their next of kin, when they die).
Mr. Herzog virtually defied death - and implicitly required his crew to do so - to complete his film about a man who wanted to build an opera house in the middle of the Amazon jungle.
If Bud decides he and his coaches are going to strike the game, I couldn't think of not supporting his stand.''
His remarks were given wide circulation on television and in daily newspapers.
Now they are holding solo exhibitions of their work in their own gallery at 170 Elm Street, parallel to Golden Hill Street in downtown Bridgeport.
asked Marilyn Dorman of the State Mental Health Association.
Our system of mandated retirement for executives may be essential, but need we l imit our appraisal and our compensation of top executives si mply to the period of time they are in office?
BASEBALL CHICAGO (AL) - Asked waivers on Sparky Lyle, relief pitcher, for the purpose of giving him his unconditional release.
: Addison-Wesley Publishing Co. $14.95.
Although critics may find their work very uneven at best, Lebanese playwrights, artists, poets, musicians and singers have probably never been more productive than they are today.
''The settlement means the end of Vail's ideal,'' a longtime Bell follower said.
American and Italian officials said that the role of the six has been strictly advisory and that the actual rescue operations were conducted entirely by the Italians.
The rules virtually eliminate the use of Manhattan streets as a truckers' shortcut between New Jersey and New England.
Mr. Reina has published the Long Island Fisherman for the last 17 years; in addition, he recently became the principal shareholder of The Sun, a weekly East End newspaper.
Other City Opera new productions this fall are Gluck's tragic ''Alceste,'' with the British soprano Heather Harper, on Oct. 1, and Leonard Bernstein's musical-opera ''Candide'' on Oct. 13.
''It is a marvelous steel plant and will have no trouble competing in the world market,'' said a source outside the company.
Invariably then, the Government loses money, paying out far more in years of surplus than it recoups in years of shortage.
Also effective was the choreography of Hellmut Fricke-Gottschild, whose solo especially recalled what we know of German modern-dance pioneers of this period.
Her grandfather, the late George Sherman of Boston, was founder of Sherman Paper Products, now a division of the St. Regis Paper Company.
Yet the division is still losing money, perhaps $25 million $50 million this year.
In August, the second anniversary of Solidarity's creation, Pope John Paul II, whose visit here in 1979 opened the floodgates, is scheduled to make a second trip to his homeland.
Mr. Abrams said the latest figures indicated that ''we are at least two months into recovering from the bottom of the recession,'' since an upturn in such applications has historically signaled economic recovery.
Recent mobilization exercises have shown that the initial inductees could be available at induction centers 13 days after notification if registration continues.
''They are establishing a Stalinist system.
One also cannot help but note that Mr.
The New York Sack Exchange, recovered from injuries, will be together for the first time this season, in the final exhibition game.
These losses also have strained the Royal Navy's capacity to cover other landings around the Stanley area, which are regarded by some military sources here as necessary if the campaign is to be ended soon.
And while there is never a good time for such an increase, now seems a particularly bad one, since it coincides with a planned promotional campaign that the M.T.A.
It is the 64K RAM, ''K'' for thousand, ''RAM'' for random-access memory, which means it can store 64,000 units of information.
By the time the product flops nationally, the brand manager will probably have moved on to a new job.
Both films were made in Miss Alonso's native Cuba, where she now runs the National Ballet of Cuba.
---- Five in House Oppose Marcos Visit WASHINGTON, Sept. 1 (AP) - Five liberal House Democrats said here today that they strongly opposed this month's scheduled visit to the United States by President Marcos.
Part II, on view through May 1, displays still life, architecture, abstract art and sculpture.
He was in a studio, choreographing ''Concerto for Two Solo Pianos,'' which will have its premiere next Sunday.
The mountain tops of western Maine have the physical and biological environments of the Arctic, and the plant communities reflect the harsh climate.
An equally sullen herd of water buffalo stares back up at him from their jungle mud-wallow.
In the potteries it's taken almost for granted that you'll bargain.
With the economy sinking deeper into recession, economic forecasters are revising their estimates of corporate earnings for the first quarter of 1982, making their gloomy projections even gloomier.
Second Suicide Attempt Last year Mickey began selling pulverizer machines.
The jobless rate declined three-tenths of one percentage point in January to 8.5 percent of the nation's work force, according to a revised report by the Bureau of Labor Statistics that put the number of people out of work at more than 9,298,000.
In a letter to clients, he tells of the 15-man crew and the diggings in various levels of the extensive mine.
Guys play hurt, guys like Bobby Murcer and Lou Piniella and Graig Nettles, and Jerry Mumphrey wants to play even before the doctor says he can.
Until now, food stamp benefits have been increased to reflect the full increase in food costs, although the adjustments have sometimes been delayed by Congress.
To Jon Giesler, the offensive left tackle who received a game ball after being matched against Klecko, the Jets' front four was ''frustrated after they kept lining up offsides.''
Top officials here said they expected the attorneys to tell the court they had reached an accord.
This was the first recorded underground test in a research and development series that began with Trinity, the Manhattan Project's initial experiment in 1945.
By that, I mean I cut the under hair shorter, so that the top layer just slides over the short undercut.
''The RIF's I could handle,'' said Roxanne Flanigan, a branch chief in the Education Department, who was demoted from a G.S.
What, he asked, did they most want from life?
This was a concert full of the most respectable music-making.
'' asked Ashley Boone, head of marketing for the Ladd Company.
The company said that the Valle family had initiated the transaction to raise money for estate taxes resulting from Donald Valle's death in 1977.
Last Saturday, with just five days notice, the University of Houston shifted the starting time of its homecoming football game with Arkansas from 7 P.M. to 11:30 A.M. local time for a national television appearance.
Industrial production fell 14 percent during the first quarter of this year from a year earlier.
In their first tests, Sarich and Wilson found that the distance between a human's albumin and a cow's was 20 units.
''We do try to make the vowel sounds consistent with a broader 'a' and without the American 'r,' '' he says, ''We have performers from all over the country, and there has to be agreement on these things.
I'll spend a large part of this summer in western Montana, in the Bob Marshall Wilderness and Glacier National Park, taking notes.
Today, at 32, his primary financial interests are in a building-development company that he owns and in the licensing of sports apparel bearing his name.
I was pushed down, and there was blood on my dress.''
President Reagan named an emergency board today to seek agreement on a contract dispute that threatened to touch off a nationwide railroad strike, but another union warned of a walkout at the end of the month.
A few days later, some labor observers thought they detected a possible explanation.
''They've never been cleaned or changed by so much as a hook, and I get into them easily,'' she said, looking justifiably pleased with herself.
It was a rash act - quick, decisive and totally autocratic.
In recent years, the Farmers' Home Administration has replaced the hometown banker, but it is even more generous in extending loans.
The Giants reactivated Gary Jeter, the defensive end, today and, in a surprise move, made room for him by placing Jim Burt on injured reserve.
He didn't get the permit but decided to use his free time to observe at least a portion of the hunt.
But the recent rise in basic interest rates has dashed some of these hopes.
and led, but too weak to stave off eventual defeat.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Cleaves Holmes Jr. of Monroe, La., have announced the engagement of their daughter, Elizabeth Milburn Holmes, to Alonzo Bertram See 3d, son of Mr. and Mrs. See 2d of Greenwich, Conn. Miss Holmes and her fiance, long-range financial planners with Texas Instruments in Dallas, plan to be married April 17.
It found that 29 of them had received more than 90 percent of their research support from the Federal Government, and that another 11 had got more than half of their support from Federal agencies.
In the era of the free agent, 72-year-old Gabe Paul of the Cleveland Indians is a throwback to a time when baseball executives had to make trades to improve their teams.
Lion'' on the ''Bozo the Clown'' show.
More-ambitious walkers might want to go to the Institute for Advanced Study.
The Cloisters are open Tuesday through Saturday (but closed tomorrow) from 10 A.M. to 4:45 P.M.; Sunday, 1 to 4:45 P.M. Information: 923-3700.
(So is the book's occasional sloppiness.
But we must also try to rehabilitate these youngsters, to prevent them from continuing to engage in antisocial and illegal actions.''
''We demonstrated that the two sides could coordinate scientific minds and very complicated systems and make it all come off very well,'' Mr.
While in office, Mr. Lopez Portillo underwent a personal transformation that ''swung from greatness to vanity, from seriousness to frivolity, from the real to the demagogic,'' Mr. Cardenas wrote in the weekly Punto.
''It's a way of building I thoroughly believe in,'' he said.
In addition to efficiency apartments and pied-a-terre, the units are showing up in family rooms where they serve as second kitchens, so-called mother-in-law apartments in private homes, vacation houses, pool cabanas, condominiums, college dormitory lounges and offices.
Two felony sex charges against him were dropped.
Mr. Statman, a writer, until recently taught poetry and fiction for Youth Communication, N.Y., a nonprofit educational organization, and was formerly an assistant to the artistic director of the New York Art Theater Institute.
Waste,' which describes his appetites, his refinements and his vocation,'' says Steven Isenberg, assistant to the publisher at Newsday and a longtime friend.
Metropolitan Catch-up school repair work has been started by the New York City Board of Education at 17 schools at a cost 10 times what it might have been had regular preventive maintenance been done over the last 30 years.The board's problem is typical of many city agencies that have deferred routine maintenance, according to a survey by the Office of the Special Deputy State Comptroller.
The game had been delayed three times in the eighth inning, for a total of 46 minutes.
When the Argentines fire at long range, Royal Navy pilots point out, the agile Harriers are able to take evasive action and then close and attack the Argentine jets with Sidewinder missiles.
Whereas to write great poetry, to draw continuously on one's inner life, is not merely exhausting, it is to keep alight a consuming fire.''
As long as a taxpayer's 1981 taxable income is under $50,000, he or she can use the short form this year even if more than $400 in dividend and interest income or income from an All Savers certificate was earned.
''In my opinion, they got the bargain,'' he said, adding that there were superintendents of smaller school districts whose salaries were higher.
Under the international tin agreement which expires this June, the council could also set export limits for each country to reduce the amount of tin available and thus raise the price.
Nightly Gathering at Floral Cross In Warsaw, crowds have gathered nightly around a floral cross laid out on paving stones in Victory Square.
A canoe is a highly portable, versatile craft that is at home in a wide range of places, from a salt bay to a remote mountain lake or a spruce-lined wilderness river or stream that flows through a densely populated region, where the forest hides the highways and the homes.
When Burt's left leg became numb in the last quarter, Neill returned to the game.
Opposition by Iran The potential for conflict was underscored at a news conference by Mohammad Gharazi, Iran's minister of oil: He repeated Iran's demand for a sharp increase in its production ceiling.
Mostly, the problem is that Mr. Reagan's economic program is not being seen to work; those polls suggest quite the opposite.
''But it's the 10 percent that are causing all the trouble, and they're making it hard on the traveling man looking for work.
The guy's not a factor in most situations, but you want someone who understands what his role is.''
Mr. Gecht was released Oct. 26 when his father paid $5,000 on a $50,000 bond.
California growers are awash in avocados this winter, and the surplus has touched off a feud in the avocado groves over how to get rid of the extra fruit.
But this evening - which celebrated the First American Jewish Choral Festival - was more about people than it was about singing.
''I am struck by the inherent bias of a so-called policy of neutrality which treats a blatant aggressor and its victims as equals,'' he said.
3 2 20 THE HOTEL NEW HAMPSHIRE, by John Irving.
Judge Wangelin wanted a plan with one citywide district that would include parts of suburban St. Louis County.
Mr. Mayer moved to London late in 1978 to head Penguin, the oldest paperback house in the English-speaking world and the largest in Great Britain.
There is to be no limit on the maximum rate of interest payable on these accounts and no minumum term for holding them.
- Mr. Wallich, joined by Mr. Partee, Mr. Rice and Representative Chalmers P. Wylie, Republican of Ohio.
Mr. Peterson was born in the West Indies and was graduated from Brown University.
Round 2 - Reggie McElroy, off.
He had a real passion to learn and to know - to understand - this country, and he was even willing to learn some Hungarian so that he could probe more deeply.
At such moments, Alice McDermott sounds like anything but a firsttime novelist.
Jay Winik's contention that the Connecticut arms freeze campaign is one-sided and advocates unilateral disarmament is simply untrue.
Chemical Bank said it will introduce home electronic banking in the New York area.
The problem involves the exhaust gas recirculation system on the Chevrolet Monza and Monte Carlo; Buick LeSabre, Skylark, Century, Regal and Skyhawk; the Oldsmobile Delta 88, Cutlass, Omega and Starfire, and the Pontiac Catalina, Phoenix, Firebird, LeMans, Grand Prix and Sunbird.
The lines must still be approved by the Council's Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections and the full Council and be signed by the Mayor before being sent to Washington for Federal approval.
Mrs. Robberson said the family still was reluctant to discuss wars, but she made sure her four grandchildren and two great-grandchildren ''know about our part in history.''
Premise for regulations The premise for the regulations was that the viewing public should be guaranteed a certain amount of free, or commercially supported, programming.
How sad it is that Halloween has lost half of its excitement and spontaneity.
Offensive Line 61 Dan Audick LT 6-3 253 4 Hawaii.
A good how-to book can be a valuable source of time- and money-saving information.
The effect of the Israeli siege, however, has been to bring negotiations for a peaceful settlement of the Lebanese crisis to a virtual standstill and to deepen antagonisms and suspicions between Lebanon's Moslems and Christians.
With this as a background, U.S.
Women of Martha's age are far more accepting of their children's divorces than their parents would have been of their's.
In February 1980, Mrs. Babekuhl quit the bakery, where she was earning $3.50 an hour and working 25 hours a week, to become an office manager at $4.50 an hour, 20 hours a week.
A major reason is the new taxes passed in the special session that immediately preceded the regular session.
Female artists are often expected to carry the additional burden of combining a demanding career with family responsibilities.
It is hard not to feel the same way about the tempest among cigarettemakers accusing one another of deceptive advertising.
''They have to realize that the party is over,'' Mr. Failla said.
One of the most obvious of these is ''the nearer the bone the sweeter the flesh.''
'Diplomacy Backed by Strength' Our diplomacy, Mr. Speaker, is backed by strength, and we have the resolve to use that strength if necessary.
Other actions were threatened by Correction Department officers.
''It seems the couples realize they're ready for help.
Christian Phalangist soldiers were at the harbor when the ship carrying Mother Teresa docked.
Chacon said Valerie told a friend that he would box again ''over her dead body.''
''Argentina is giving us such business today.
Although he had earlier called the Lewises ''prime suspects,'' Mr. Fahner said he would not ''play the word game'' tonight.
This reflection weaves itself into a longstanding attitude of condescension toward ''Dutchmen,'' as English-speaking whites in the old Rhodesia commonly referred to Afrikaners.
THE VICEROY OF OUIDAH, by Bruce Chatwin.
In the face of this, you ask me to act logically?''
The second round will resume at 9:30 A.M. Saturday.
Four members of a special United Nations observer force, including two American officers, were killed Saturday when their jeep hit a mine near Beirut, the Defense Department announced.
Returning to Norfolk, Neb., the small town in which he grew up, Mr. Carso n conducts a guided tour down memory lan e, pointing out the stores he frequented, the office where his fa ther worked, the high school he attended and the house in which he lived.
That's why I gravitated to New York.''
Free (23.5) had been accounting for more than 47.
ST. LOUIS (NFC) - Signed Vance Bedford, defensive back from Texas, and Eddie McGill, tight end from Western Carolina, to a series of one-year contracts, signed Alan Mitchell, wide receiver to a free-agent contract.
''Maybe a fine and 30 days, or even a year in the county jail.
And their subjects and stance are as up-to-the-minute as tonight's evening news broadcast.
Those participating in the program, which began last week and will last for one year, have been given one less course to teach.
Mr. MacDonald described as ''ludicrous'' Argentine reports that survivors in the water had been strafed by British aircraft, and he said the crewmen of the trawler were now prisoners on ''one of Her Majesty's ships.''
The tapes on view here range from short and cute, such as Copper Giloth's ''Popcorn,'' a simple, four-minute cartoon of popcorn jumping into and gradually overflowing a glass jar, to ambitious epics like Barbara Latham's ''AlieNation,'' a 27-minute ''collage'' of sounds and images sardonically spoofy of popular culture.
''You have to do something to get away from the books,'' she said.
And Representatives Benjamin Gilman, a Republican of Middletown, and Peter Peyser, a Democrat of Irvington, were drawn into the same district and are likely to face each other in the fall.
No, these are not a series of exhortations badly translated from the instructions to a Japanese toy.
Born in Berlin, the daughter of a German father and a Norwegian mother, Miss Zorina considers herself ''passionately Norwegian'' in her allegiances.
A covered pedestrian walkway was built over the sidewalk in front of a cluster of small buildings immediately facing 520 Madison on the south side of 53d Street.
There are still civilians in the area.
Italy won soccer's World Cup for the first time in nearly half a century with a 3-1 upset of West Germany in the title game at Madrid.
Such problems generally arise near the end of the state's fiscal year, on March 31, though court funds have been depleted ever earlier with each passing year.
Mr. Persico, who was shot four times in the chest, remained in critical condition yesterday at Jamaica Hospital in Queens under an around-the-clock guard, the police said.
14 21 HOW TO MAKE LOVE TO A MAN, by Alexandra Penney.
Included are the Ritz-Carlton and the Barbizon with 360 rooms each; the Nova Park Gotham, 250 rooms; the Novotel Broadway, 480 rooms, and the Marriott, for which excavation is now nearing completion, being built by John Portman on Times Square, with 1,878 rooms.
He said he would fly to Washington and New York over the weekend to keep alive efforts toward a peaceful settlement.
Test of 1934 Law The May 6 action by the Home Loan Bank Board was viewed by industry analysts as a key test of the limits of the Glass-Steagall Act of 1934, which bars banks from entering Wall Street's customary territory of corporate securities underwriting and stock brokerage.
''I would always hope there would be a chance and an interest to pursue and press the Nevada issues in the future.''
Pete Rose of the Phillies had his consecutive-game hitting streak stopped at 21 last night while a teammate, Steve Carlton, stopped St. Louis on a six-hitter, 1-0, in Philadelphia.
The Engadine Ski Marathon, the world's biggest ski event with some 12,000 competitors, is always held on the second weekend in March.
Next week they are to express similar gratitude to another Californian, Senator Alan Cranston, and to three leaders of the debate against the amendment: Senators Bob Packwood of Oregon, Max Baucus of Montana and Lowell P. Weicker Jr. of Connecticut.
''Taps'' is a ''Straw Dogs'' for thinking tots who don't mind a bit of muddle.
QUESTION: What is the specific rule in baseball about returning to a base after a foul is caught?
Round of Bogeys and Birdies Kite played a ragged round, and for a while he thought he was out of the tournament.
Among non-Italian events, the Dresden State Opera performing Richard Strauss' ''Ar iadne auf Naxos,'' under the baton of Siegfried Kurz.
Wright's sense was as purely architectonic as can be imagined - he saw everything in terms of solids and voids, masses and planes, color and shadow, texture and feel.
In the poll the players were asked to what degree they believed they understood the percentage-of-gross issue.
Although the settlement limits what the local operating companies can become involved in, Mr. Spencer said there would be ample opportunities to make up lost revenues.
But when Wren meets Eric (the New Wave singer Richard Hell), a rock star headed for Los Angeles and a record contract, she abandons the enamored Paul as her egotism takes center stage.
In effect the Democrats won the fruits of their legislative plan and the Republicans lost the benefits of their successful referendum campaign.
Another factor, in Mr. Ernst's view, is political.
There was speculation that he might have been Mr. Ford's Vice Presidential running mate but for a family problem.
An economist by training, he was Deputy Finance Minister from 1950 to 1956, Foreign Trade Minister until 1968 and then head of the State Planning Commission.
As the bull market continues its stampede down Wall Street, the traders are thundering, too.
She appointed 10 new Cabinet members, dismissed 3 junior members and shifted senior members from one ministry to another.
Mr. Springer denied ''each and every allegation contained in the affidavit and complaint.''
''But we regard the company as a true survivor with a strong balance sheet and a dominant industry position.
Opposition groups threatened to disrupt the start of President Ferdinand E. Marcos's official trip to the United States Tuesday and to stage protests against what they say are human rights violations in the Philippines.
Single-Issue Attitudes Mr. Reagan has been hammering hard recently on abortion and prayer, as advisers explain that he is seeking to solidify the support of restive conservatives.
In the United States, the pound rose to $1.7632 from $1.7505.
''The mall closes at 9, and after that I just drive around and meet new friends.''
In Mr. Butler's terms, the new woman's suitors must cultivate a taste for the tensions of blocked inference, must renounce the tragic sense of life, their traditional source of pathos, in favor of the ''revolutionary pantomime.''
Meeting with reporters outside the team's headquarters in suburban Des Plaines this afternoon, Mr. Fahner said the investigators remained optimistic that the case would eventually be solved.
For example, after taking over last year as head of the Academy, Frank Press, former science adviser to President Carter, convened a conference to bring prominent scientists together with high-ranking Reagan officials, ostensibly to help the Administration make budget cuts in the science area with more sensitivity.
The best comes from southcentral Hungary, especially the towns of Kalocsa and Szeged.
As always, this wit can be great fun and useful.
This transforms the process of asylum decision-making into a political contest governed by the changing foreign policies of each new administration.
There was no breakdown available on permits for office buildings in Chicago.
Finally, Free dribbled the ball low with his right hand and glanced at his Golden State teammates.
HENRY KAMM, who was based in Bangkok for several years, is chief of the Rome bureau of The Times.
The $50,000-added Ashley T. Cole for New York-bred 2-year-olds at one mile.
member who heads the athletes' group, suggested that retired athletes be used as referees.
The broadest inflation measure is the gross national product ''deflator,'' which reflects changes in prices and consumption patterns for the entire economy.
The Jobs for Youth program places approximately 500 people a year in jobs in each of the three cities where it operates and is thus one of the smallest programs of its kind.
'Open House' Offered John Brealey, paintings conservator of the Met, who was responsible for the battery of scientific tests conducted on the La Tour, said that in view of the fact that ''the picture has already been proven,'' he did not feel it was necessary for him to appear on the program.
It is a paradox that women who achieve so much in their careers are fearful of asserting themselves in personal relationships (a throwback to the unliberated generation).
Mr. Wells, who is an assistant inspector general for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, was graduated from the University of Vermont and the New England School of Law.
Van Allsburg is an artist of unusual ability, but even the most exceptional illustrations require the armature of a strong story or wordless drama.
He now regrets his decision.
has only accounted for 1.6 percent of a very weak market.
James S. Brady, the White House press secretary, returned to work part time today for the first time since March 30, 1981, when he was gravely wounded in the attempt to assassinate President Reagan.
No,'' Mr. Sasway said and was excused from the stand.
But White House officials assert he is more familiar with the issues and that Mr. Clark has improved the organization of the material, so the time is better spent now.
The revised regulations, proposed by Education Secretary T.@H. Bell, will appear Tuesday in the Federal Register.
He said that despite high caseloads and other shortcomings, probation had succeeded in aiding many offenders.
This one charges a fee of $55 (the fee ranges up to $100 at other agencies), which will allow the use the service for one year and give a refund of $25 if you do not find a roommate at the end of that time.
''He was talking about slipping the third year (of the individual tax cut) or doing away with the third year.
''But once players make the Pro Bowl, then make it two years in a row, now they're good for eight years in a row.
The salute, said Mr. Scruggs, is also a chance to heal the rifts left by America's longest and most unpopular war.
Stock Price Penalty Morton-Norwich did pay a penalty, Mr. Sweig said.
But Mr. Wilson said that anybody who wanted to get in touch with the agency on the lead issue had been free to do so.
''This is absolutely ludicrous,'' Bill Kennedy, the Hennepin County Public Defender, said.
The rally came after several days of legal wrangling between the City of Meriden, which had sought to ban the demonstration, and the Klan, which was represented by the Connecticut chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union.
I decided that never again would there be a pregnant woman in Auschwitz.''
Witnesses there estimated that 10,000 Solidarity supporters took to the streets, chanting ''Long live Solidarity!''
Mr. Roseman is no magic realist, for his modeling is as succinct as it is scrupulous.
Les Deux Magots, 170 Boulevard Saint-Germain (548-55-25).
PRESTON - 5th Annual Bluegrass Festival, Strawberry Park Campground, Pierce Road.
Now Simone de Beauvoir has joined this rank with the publication of her first completed work of fiction.
The village, however, remained the broad base from which Sinhala culture developed, so that its music, drama and painting are expressions of the peasant cultivator in a primarily agrarian economy, while its literature comes from seats of learning, chiefly the Buddhist temples and temple schools, and its architecture from the great builder kings.
Reasonable Doubts on Learning And if anything is to be learned from the welter of contradictory psychiatric testimony at the eight-week trial, it is that modern learning about the mental processes and responsibility of people who commit such crimes is shot through with reasonable doubts.
Then Mr. Cantor licensed the play to the Trinity Square Repertory Company in Providence, R.I., where it had a successful production last month.
If Louis D. Brandeis, ''the potent teacher'' who ''teaches the whole people by his example,'' thought it was not improper, who of us is qualified to call it ''deep transgression''?
''In bad times,'' said the ambassador, ''interdependence appears to some as a yoke on national freedom.''
Donald Forst, editor of The Herald American, said he was grateful for the Governor's recommendation and hoped the Executive Council would follow it.
's Chrysler Council in Memphis is the final meeting of local union delegates from Chrysler plants around the country before contract negotiations begin July 20.
But the Dow then dropped 100 points before beginning a final recovery.
The Israeli radio quoted military sources as saying small-scale clashes had taken place between Israeli and Syrian field units.
'Great Anxiety' Over Lebanon Leo Tindemans, Belgium's Foreign Minister and President of the European Commission, said at a news conference today that the Common Market was pursuing events in Lebanon ''with great anxiety.''
Charles Boyd, a union spokesman, said it provided for wage increases of $20 a week in the first year, $19 a week in the second, and $20 a week in the third.
Mount St. Helens has been shaken by five explosive eruptions since the blast May 18, 1980, that left 59 people dead or missing.
At times, the actors' voices build and blend into a canon, but Miss Bell said, ''We never departed from the dialogue of Dickens.''
Inspector DeMartino and other police officials gave a different account.
Louis P. Neeb, former chairman and chief executive of the Burger King Corporation, was named yesterday to head a newly formed fastfood division at W.R. Grace & Company.
Eschewing domestic politics as their prime concern, residents throughout the state have placed the nuclear arms race at the top of their community agendas, and are organizing toward ending the dangerous escalation in nuclear weaponry.
The marijuana charge involved possession of the controlled Federal substance ''obtained for him by members of his Congressional staff.''
When a light signal carrying a telephone conversation has to be amplified because it is growing weak or has to be routed through a telephone switching office, it must first be converted into an electric signal, then amplified or routed electronically and then converted back to light for the next leg of the journey.
The price for options rose about $29 per average car, Ford said in a statement.
I do not suggest for a second that anybody in Israel would knowingly lend his hand, directly or indirectly, to this shocking criminal act.
''What I do expect is a mild sell-off after the incredible 120-point run-up,'' he says.
Last year, world tin production totaled 200,000 tons, while demand declined by 1 percent, to little more than 180,000 tons.
In contrast, ''Keystone,'' directed by Nagle Jackson, is an intimate vest-pocket musical.
The spokesman, Jerzy Urban, told a news conference the issue was discussed when Mr. Walesa was taken from his home last Thursday to the local council office in Gdansk and kept incommunicado all day and prevented from speaking at a planned public rally.
Representative Guy Vander Jagt of Michigan, chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee, scoffed at Mr. Coelho's analysis.
The union conclusion that there was no substantial economic reason to close conditioned the talks with Mr. Allbritton.
Moreover, the Kabuki dances on the Ondeko-Za program were poorly performed, and the drums - from Kabuki style to huge ritual drums - engaged the performers more on a therapeutic than an artistic level.
Another West German official said the military discussions would involve West Germany's offering its ideas on the deployment of French tactical nuclear weapons ''in so far as it affects West German territory.''
Mr. McCormack was elected a trustee of the endowment, a perpetual trust that aids colleges and other nonprofit institutions in North Carolina, in 1965 and became chairman Jan. 1.
But the wonder of film is still in his eyes.
A Pentagon spokesman, Henry Catto, said: ''Some delay in their rotation can be expected.
Victor Lagreca and Officer William Rhone, in an unmarked car, had spotted the van at Second Avenue and 125th Street.
Others credit the tannins in cocoa with an inhibiting effect on plaque.
''I say, 'No, just in the nick of time.'
After watching the challengers Friday, Conner noted the British apparently tried to make Victory appear as strong as possible.
However, a sign on the wall in his locker cubicle at Shea Stadium gives an indication of what he sometimes thinks.
The position was now this: NORTH S J 9 H J 10 4 D - C - WEST EAST S K 10 7 S 3 H Q H 9 8 D 3 D K 8 C - C - SOUTH S A H K 6 D 10 2 C - Stayman was now sure of the distribution, and knew that his contract was safe.
He is good-looking, a socialite of course, a behind-thescenes mover in Washington.
As of last Oct. 31, various Templeton funds owned shares of Interpublic, JWT, Ogilvy & Mather, Doyle Dane Bernbach and Foote, Cone & Belding.
The rupture of the pipe occurred Thursday near Harmon's Cove in Secaucus, spilling millions of gallons of water into the Hackensack Meadowlands.
Taking advantage of a sweeping view of woods and gardens dictated where Priscilla and Christopher @Rodrigues added to their 1920's Colonial dwelling.
If it were a law firm, it would be the largest in the state.
One is the decision of the International Diamond Cartel -managed by De Beers Consolidated Mines Ltd. of South Africa, a partner with Botswana in its three diamond mines here - to cut back drastically on its purchases in order to maintain the prices of gemstones.
Trainer is busy lining up the rest of Leonard's 1982 agenda.
Some, such as Philip Braverman, vice president and economist of the Chase Manhattan Bank, said they believed the Federal Reserve had tightened monetary policy in recent weeks.
United States Attorney James Reynolds said Mr. Lewellyn would be charged with misappropriating assets of a Federal bank.
Officials here believe the treaty issue may prove to be a serious challenge to the declared intention of Lebanon's President-elect, Bashir Gemayel, to reunify the country after seven years of civil war and strife.
Mr. Schumer ranked fourth with $480,711 and Mr. Rinaldo was ninth with $320,881.
Some also allow their customers to write ''checks'' against the balances they hold in the money market certificates.
While ''neither event can be predicted with anything approaching certainty,'' the Justice said, ''it does seem to me'' that both events were likely to happen.
Judge Weinstein then sentenced Mr. Richmond to one year each for the marijuana possession and illegal-payment pleas and to a year and a day for tax evasion.
Al Ahram said its report came from its diplomatic correspondent accompanying the Egyptian Foreign Minister, Kamal Hassan Ali, on a visit to Turkey, France, Canada and the United States.
With the member's discount, the museum charged $975 for the trolley, in which Aalto brought to fruition the experiments with curved birch that he began with chairs in the 1920's.
A number of services offered by the telephone industry would no longer be regulated, such as telephone equipment manufacturing and the offering of computer services that combine communications and information processing.
Actual nonfarm spending on new plant and equipment this year is now estimated at $346.4 billion by the executives surveyed, the report said.
At a news conference on the second day of their talks, Chancellor Helmut Kohl and President Mitterrand announced the formation of a coordinating committee of their foreign and defense ministries that will meet between the heads of state conferences that take place every six months.
But all of that is merely window dressing for Antonio's art, in watercolor, pencil, Polaroid, charcoal, pen and ink.
''We still don't know his role.''
The program called the concert by the Thunderbird American Indian Dancers a powwow, and it certainly looked like a gathering of choreographic tribes.
The tax was to raise $93 million for the authority this fiscal year and $145 million in 1982-83.
''We readily recognize that we live in a world that is becoming increasingly estranged from Christian values,'' the draft statement says.
''This agreement considers the interests of everyone involved, including the Grumman shareholders, the Flxible customers and the Flxible employees.''
Results of Arson Noted The funds to explore the feasibility of using the factory-built homes were provided by the Local Initiatives Support Corporation, which is supported by foundations and 10 corporations.
he quoted from her 1976 address.
The restrictive monetary policies of the Federal Reserve operate differentially upon large and small industries and private and public borrowers.
''If a problem is foreseeable, and if there is something reasonable to be done to prevent it, the manufacturer has a duty to do that something,'' said Miss Birnbaum.
The document is to be put to a referendum in both Yemen and Southern Yemen after consultations in the next six months between the two Presidents as well as legislative debates in the two countries at the southern end of the Arabian Peninsula.
Citizens Becoming Involved Since Mrs. Smith's death, H.R.A.
Alcohol, Drug Abuse and Mental Health Block Grant, $432 million.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Four days later, however, the Hunts personally guaranteed this account, allowing the firm to apply assets in other family accounts against the potential loss.
It appears that you are on your way to victory over these cowardly criminals.''
He returned to racing with two victories in minor races and appeared ready last month to add the Jerome Handicap to his accomplishments.
One is on the Swede Ovvind Fahlstrom (1928-76), the other on the Dane Asger Jorn (1914-73), whose gestural and seemingly formless approach to painting make him one of the fathers of Neo-Expressionism.
But football championships produce the same effect, a lot cheaper, more handsomely and without real damage.
Disagrees on Some Points While Mr. Barbour supports efforts to trim Federal spending, he also emphasizes that he strongly supports Social Security and disagrees with proposals to increase military spending.
Many people at the garden shop said that they passed August hibernating in air-conditioned family rooms, watching television reruns and the Mets lose.
He had been delayed because of a wedding in his family.
Kapstein said five teams still were in the running for Garvey, although it seemed as if San Diego and the Chicago Cubs were the most interested.
Vietnam eroded confidence in the Johnson Administration; our friends in Europe thought the war was a mistake and our participation in that war inconsistent with a rational assessment of our national interests.
Noting that the proportion of criminal cases tried in Orange County has almost doubled since June 6, Judge Cardenas said, ''Proposition 8 is clogging the courts.''
I get up in the morning in a different place, park my car in a different place, go to work in a different place.
The bridegroom is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Malasky of Bethesda, Md.
In response to a knock on the door, he unlocked it, and, he said, immediately the door swung outward, a gloved hand came through the opening and stabbed Dr. Boedy in the abdomen.
John W. Hinckley Jr. has asserted that he was not aiming at President Reagan when he shot him nearly 13 months ago but was trying to hit his limousine, the Government disclosed tonight.
If the current depredations in Africa continue, therefore, the rhinoceros, like the unicorn whose legend it may have inspired, may someday be a creature of art and fable only.
Comments overheard in the gallery indicated that many visitors might have been helped by a context in which to view the work.
Easterners had long argued that the California racing times were the result of fast tracks and that the horses were a cut below those racing in the East.
Early on, he urged the Administration to begin a ''media campaign'' to deal with the ''growing stridency and hysteria'' of the movement against nuclear weapons.
So George dropped engineering and instead joined the meteorological department.
At the Gurdwara Sikh temple in Queens yesterday, Jaspir Bhatia, a Long Island engineer, exchanged his drafting tools for a broom to prepare for today's visit by Prime Minister Indira Gandhi of India.
''That was just an accident,'' Michael protested.
Will Use Conrail Facilities The Roadrailer was designed and produced by the Bi-Modal Corporation of Greenwich, Conn.
(The first, "The Tongue Set Free," was published by Continuum in 1980.)
According to Inspector S. Chad Allan, the marshal who coordinated the operation with Lieut.
Don't write in his last name, though, because some pol will only pick it up and put it on an ethnic mailing list.
The session was closed by Gov.
George McMillan had 197,587 votes, or 30.1 percent, and Joe McCorquodale, the Speaker of the State House of Representatives, had 170,373 votes, or 26 percent.
''It's just incredible the number of problems you can run into trying to find something you need,'' said Maryann Wismer, a researcher with Disclosure Inc., one of a dozen companies that specialize in quickly retrieving documents for private customers.
Miss Sherk, unaware of this, hit the ball and took a bogey 5 rather than a possible par.
''I think it is bad for Wimbledon as well as for world tennis,'' said John McEnroe in Tokyo, in reference the refusal by Wimbledon officials to admit Borg without making him go through qualifying matches.
One of the saltiest seamen is played by Clarence Felder.
On one show, Mr. Belushi and Mr. Aykroyd invented the Blues Brothers, the soul-singing duo of Jake and Elwood Blues, who wore cheap black suits, black hats and black sunglasses and seemed to cause havoc everywhere they went.
Mr. Shanholt of the C.P.C.
Mr. Lelouch is also generous with time and money in helping other film makers.
The company, which had been threatened by a Canadian takeover for more than a year, repurchased 900,000 of its shares a year ago from the Hatleigh Corporation of Toronto and Mico Enterprises of Montreal.
While a number of extortion threats have been under investigation in the case, law-enforcement officials have made public details on only three of them.
One of the earliest decisions Mr. Reagan made as President was to do nothing inconsistent with the 1979 treaty as long as Moscow did the same.
The development group has enlisted the Private Industry Council to train local residents for jobs in the businesses.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Still, that sun could set on Riley any day, just as it did on Jack McKinney and Paul Westhead, Riley's predecessors during the last two seasons.
'' said Anita Muller, corporate sales manager at the Metropolitan Museum, which established its registry last October.
Peace Corps Problems A highly critical internal report circulating within the Peace Corps says that the agency's overseas financial and management operations require ''significant improvement'' and that ''serious deficiencies'' exist in overseas procurement, with more than $27 million in purchases over three years being made without competitive bidding.
Miss Falling declined comment today on the change in her plea.
He said, however, that the statistics exaggerated the actual consumption of alcohol in his tiny country.
Generally, the nation's retailers had disappointing results, with Sears up only 3.8 percent; K Mart down 2.1 percent, and J.C. Penney down 2.4 percent.
A Wage Increase Later Apparently hoping to avoid a new surge of inflation, however, Mr. Ibarra postponed announcement of an emergency wage increase.
Whether the former Zaibatsu have, in effect, been reassembled in another guise is a subject of lively debate within Japan and among foreign observers.
And in Prime Minister Thatcher, despite her intransigent, callous and shortsighted attitude toward the I.R.A.
It said the service would be operated through Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette.
He eagled the 9th and 13th holes, birdied the 10th, 12th and 18th but also had four bogeys.
After a four-hour examination, Dr. Scott said, ''There were no defects.
His message on the Palestinians, that Israel must offer them more equitable arrangements if there is ever to be a lasting peace, appeared to be contained in his remarks at the airport.
Yet the likelihood of achieving a declining line seems small.
He was the author of several books, including ''English Grammars and English Grammar,'' published in 1972, in which he presented sector analysis, and a widely used textbook, ''Working Sentences,'' published in 1975.
Noah advanced with a 6-1, 7-6 victory over John Alexander of Australia, seeded eighth.
Mr. Timerman argues that it has caused the Government to lie about and cover up Israel's conduct in Lebanon, which has, in turn, served to undermine the country's moral credibility.
An erotic poem, beginning ''Insert myself within your story,'' has inspired the placement of a full, robust oval on a steel support that opens like a book; one ''cover'' of the book thrusts directly into the oval.
At present, thrift institutions are limited by law almost entirely to home mortgage loans, although they are permitted to make some commercial loans.
From the beginning, he felt that Government should be involved in the economy.
But it's fun to step back every once in a while and watch it.
''I have received back about 300 responses and, overwhelmingly, they continue to support the present program,'' she said.
A NUMBER of rock-and-roll reference books have been published in recent months, but one stands out because it is both obsessively complete and caustically outspoken.
Lieutenant Catalano, who was graduated from the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis, Md., is stationed at the Naval Air Station in San Diego, as aviation maintenance officer.
; 39 P-B3, P-K7 wins for Black), KxR; 39 QxR, Q-Q3ch; 40 K-N1, QxP; 41 QxP/4.
With power rating typically between 40 and 60 watts per channel, and distortion below audibility, midprice receivers easily rise to any musical challenge and differences between them lie mainly in their operating features.
Begin will attend the United Nations meeting on June 14 and make other public appearances.
Aug. 15 - Twenty-night cruise from Bremerhaven, calling at Copenhagen, Warnemunde, Rostock, Bornholm, Gdingen, Danzig, Leningrad, Helsinki, Stockholm, Visby, Kiel, Ulvik, Eidfjord, Bergen, An= dalsnes, Olden, Flam and Gunvangen.
but they have learned they can't wipe it out because it's not just an organization, it's a people.''
A tentative labor contract negotiated by union leaders with the United Parcel Service ran into opposition from local teamster officials, raising once more the specter of a strike.
The Flames had more shots on goal, 40 to 33.
My guess is that even ''outside of Novgorod'' (at least 150 miles south of my father) they drank their tea Russian-peasant-style from a respectably sized glass.
He set out by automobile from his home in a New Orleans suburb and headed north - destination: the first place his radio could pick up the signal of an Atlanta station.
Combined sewer overflows and some industrial effluents are to blame, according to the report.
From the windows of the bus, the Manhattan skyline beckoned to the right, so close.
Flemish stained glass of this period is rarely available in quantity.
Top prize is $50, with $25 for the runner-up.
When the Giants played the Colts in Baltimore last Saturday night in their exhibition opener, Louis Jackson started at halfback, Morris was with the second team and Butch Woolfolk with the third.
That ''knowing laughter'' is precisely what we need more of in our Mozart performances, and perhaps elsewhere as well.
Neither father nor son, however, quite succeeds in giving the frenetic campaign headquarters in Manhattan's garment district a semblance of orderliness.
The second saving grace was the arrogance of the third world.
As for the trade-in, President Reagan's second-hand second thoughts notwithstanding, it is nearly worthless.
Because the three partner studios have vowed to make their films available to all comers, HBO will be able to buy those studios' films, too, without sacrificing the exclusive deals it has already made.
Mayor Koch, who has supported the payroll tax, said he was opposed to the sales tax.
But Bedrosian's gone five on occasion.
''At the end, after all the combatants were slain, the two generals - one dressed in blue and the other in gray - got down on their knees to bite each other's ankles.''
But on the benches, along the paths and in the lobbies, knots of residents formed to discuss the killings, the first at the complex in several years, according to Jonathan Raines, chief of the complex's 61-officer security force.
None seemed poorly made, but most were so tannic and astringent that their potential was difficult to gauge.
''He doesn't have a dollar invested in the business,'' one club executive said, ''and here he is, calling the shots.''
Accomplishing that will usually require more elbow grease than money.
They had a clown in the ring, so I was clowning.''
''He was in college at the time we went into the retail drug business,'' Mr. Grass said in a telephone interview from the corporation's Harrisburg, Pa., headquarters.
The order, if it stands, will keep the plant operating for at least five, and possibly 10, more days.
Johnson voiced his objections by asking to be traded.
Investors in stock option contracts have long been able to gamble on individual stocks without buying the actual shares.
If it could limit the power of the F.T.C.
Somehow you have to pay heed to a man who stands to make a zaftig pfennig by installing a door for you, yet refused.
The climate of violence that sapped the Second Republic in the 1930's is absent today; the country is no longer divided into warring camps of rich and poor.
Even though sales were worse in 1981, however, losses are not expected to be as bad because of stringent cost-cutting programs at each of the companies.
As of a year ago, four-star generals , 10 years out of service, were getting $64,000 while those hol ding their old jobs received $54,000.
Security ''experts'' who promote this view forget to include the invulnerable submarine-based missiles of the U.S., which outnumber those of the Soviet Union by 4.5 to 1 and more than make up for the Soviet advantage in numbers of land-based missiles.
In moments of candor, senior executives at management companies grumble about co-op boards and suggest that not all the problems that arise lie with the companies.
The 48K left is useable memory, what you can use to run programs - though not a 48K program.
Correspondents aboard naval vessels have been restricted in the ships they can mention, and it is not possible at the moment to say whether there are other Royal Navy ships within sight of Invincible.
Tensions mounted within the school on Friday morning and students were allowed to leave early.
One part of Joyce Carol Oates lodges there - but to what degree, to what depth, I am unable to say.
''Consumer bankruptcies pose more of a threat than Penn Square,'' said Richard Murray, general manager of the IBM credit union in Rye.
Here is how the dollar fared in trading in the United States: 2.2955 West German marks, down from Wednesday's 2.3158; 5.9975 French francs, down from 6.0475; 1.8985 Swiss francs, down from 1.9313; 231.70 Japanese yen, down from 233.93, and 1.2200 Canadian dollars, down from 1.2229.
When the period ended, the diary notes, Mr. Concklin reneged.
It is an enormous place with such dishes as stuffed flounder and fresh oysters; main dishes are in the $10 to $15 range.
That may have contributed to its lack of reception.
Europe was to be made whole again.
In fact, the British say that all the political decisions have been made for the moment, and that - barring a sudden Argentine agreement to withdraw - the decision on when to move troops into Stanley, the capital, is in the hands of the military commanders on the scene.
The station-to-station rate to Poland is $7.05 for the first three minutes, with about $2 a minute beyond that.
This is home, we have kids in school and commuting is no picnic from anywhere.''
As they prepare for two sessions on Tuesday - in the morning at the United States Mission and in the afternoon at the Soviet Mission - the two foreign ministers have broken with the tradition of saying little in advance and have been like professional boxers trading verbal jabs in advance of the actual encounter.
The date for a new trial date will be announced Aug. 30.
The video activity has been abetted by strong video courses at the University of Illinois, initiated in 1973 by Dan Sandin and Tom DeFanti, and at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, established through the efforts of an early video-maker, Phil Morton.
They argued that the restrictions on noneviction plans would, in Mr. Shulklapper's words, ''cause a cessation of all co-oping.''
Early in the strike, which is four weeks old today, most football people thought that if the walkout ended on a Sunday, Monday or Tuesday, games would be played the following Sunday.
And well he should know, for he was a charter member of Capitol Hill's oldest and most exclusive political fraternity, from whose ranks have come two Presidents, two Vice Presidents, 10 Senators, five Governors, two Cabinet members, three Ambassadors, several judges and assorted other high officials.
Now Syria is likely to accuse Israel of having imposed the election of Mr. Gemayel.
But,'' he shrugs, ''it's dangerous to do that now.''
Last month the coalition hired its first full-time staff director.
The description of the robber tallied neatly.
Jerry Mumphrey homered in the first and Dave Winfield tripled and scored on Oscar Gamble's sacrifice fly in the sixth.
He said that he had contacted mayoral aides on the matter and was told, after they had checked with Mr. Koch, that if the two were opponents, the Mayor would praise both.
According to Mr. Newton, the first $2-million represents $1-million per year toward Joffrey operating costs in 1983-84 and l984-85.
's rookie of the year, the Nets made the playoffs but lost quickly to the Washington Bullets in a mini-series.
He also said, ''Free people should not have to live in fear of criminals.
Al Aksa may be the ''second of the mosques'' in a geographical sense, but surely Professor Nuseibeh must know it outranks the Dome of the Rock religiously.
William enjoys their celebrity and becomes a prominent speaker in the cause of antislavery.
He was elected Mayor in 1971 and won reelection with 75 percent of the vote in 1975.
John Ziegler, president of the N.H.L., said last night that as far as his league is involved, ''the Davis case has no more effect today than when it came out.''
''He's got a good ability to evaluate deals in general.''
Those who appear to be eligible are asked to come in for personal interviews.
If you would like a bourbon, I would be very happy to give it to you.''
* Talley Industries, Mesa, Ariz., has appointed Jack C. Crim executive vice president.
Further, the bishops urged that a comprehensive test ban treaty be negotiated and recommended that all parties remove nuclear weapons from border areas and strengthen their controls to prevent inadvertent use of nuclear weapons.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
When they hold yell practice in the middle of the campus at midnight, that's good bull, suh.
Her reaction to this advice reveals her inner determination to be herself: ''I will not be 'famous' 'great.'
''We have to find a new market for pesos or we can't accept them.''
But they all failed and the 76ers routed the Celtics, 119-94, to take a lead of 3 games to 1 in the four-of-sevengame Eastern Conference finals.
Hard for Some to Compete The level of the introductory rates has been criticized by some in the industry as the start of a rate war that will make it difficult for many of the savings institutions.
Excerpts of their discussion with Leslie H. Gelb and Judith Miller of The New York Times Washington bureau and Caroline Rand Herron, an editor of The Review, follow.
At Kirtland Air Force Base in New Mexico stands Ares, an electromagnetic pulse generator big enough to bathe an entire MX missile in magnetic fields.
His father is a real estate broker with Roach Brothers in Gladwyne, Pa. His mother is a managing partner of the Greater Philadelphia Relocation Corporation.
This is Michelangelo's triumphant statement of the power of painting.
For all 1981, Prime reported a 20 percent increase in net income to $37.7 million, or $1.25 a share, on sales of $364.8 million.
Other unified commands control air, sea and ground forces in the Atlantic, the Pacific and Europe, while specific missions are covered by such operational groups as the Strategic Air Command.
Adapting one's house or apartment to solar heating will be covered in Using Solar Energy, a six-session class that begins Nov. 4 and costs $75.
Downstairs now, Muhammad Ali trudged up into the ring.
Prices there moved in a $5 range and ended down $3.10, at $378.72.
By far the largest portion of our investment portfolio is still merger deals.
Gilbert I. Garcetti, Deputy Los Angeles District Attorney, who was here today, said that the split opinion of the panel left him unsure ''if we can do anything.''
The report was compiled by two panels, a committee on the chemistry and physics of ozone depletion headed by Charles H. Kruger Jr. of Stanford University, and a committee on the biological effects of increased solar ultraviolet radiation, led by Dr. Setlow.
Commenting on Mr. Reagan's invitation to Moscow to join in talks on substantially reducing nuclear weapons, Tass said: ''It must be said that the Soviet Union is not the side that needs to be convinced of the benefits of negotiation.
It is not a question of which side wants the other more, as posed by some here.
In December, she will go into rehearsal for her starring role in another new musical, ''Sayonara.''
CONSUMERS really dig the name of Purina Butchers Blend on a dog food product.
Remove to a heated plate and sprinkle with the breadcrumbs and their butter and a little parsley.
''Some of the male students made you feel that you were there on sufferance,'' she recalls, ''but I was very close to others.''
They want to have a stake in the firms that manage their money on these shores and, beyond that, they want some return on the commissions they pay such firms.
And Ridley Scott seems to give his commercials longevity by including so many elements that the viewer sees something new at each viewing.
There are other reasons, too.
It was her impression, the juror said, that the two holdouts agreed only to vote guilty on that charge to end deliberations, one because he had already begun his vacation and the other because he had not seen his wife in a week.
Reserves, meanwhile, are $3.5 billion.
His figures show that capital investment has decreased since 1970, while Government spending has risen to make up almost half of the gross national product.
Who knows if this spirit of motoring friendship can sustain itself in Year Two, but during Year One of One-Carness our friends have insisted on taxiing us to and from restaurants, theaters, all those spots where middle-aged couples recreate the long-gone gentility of double-dating.
Answering the ad, he found himself hired by Joseph Vasconcellos & Company, a West Babylon manufacturer of stage equipment - sceneryhandling devices, stage elevators, turntables.
The one thing that came across in John Holusha's article ''General Motors: A Giant in Transition'' (Nov. 14) is that marketers don't know how to improve their market share.
A Third-Quarter Slump The Nets scored only 14 points in the third quarter.
''I remember when interest rates were low and money was easy to get, and I think the principal cause of trouble is overexpansion,'' he said.
More often than not, these choreographers use these divergent media as tools to play with the basic structures of theatrical storytelling.
Funny, but I felt no type of pressure at all.
Mr. Estrada turned to the Mexican American Chamber of Commerce, a six-year-old group of 100 white and Hispanic small businessmen here.
The Assembly's approval ended years of efforts by some members of the Legislature to raise the state's minimum drinking age.
But they acknowledge that there is a difference of perspectives between the pro-Jordanian faction of West Bank residents who are concerned only with their area and the P.L.O.
Panel Sees Need for Experience Several members of the Senate intelligence committee, after Mr. Inman's resignation was announced last week, said they thought it was essential for the White House to select an experienced intelligence officer as his replacement because Mr. Casey's work in intelligence before his appointment last year was restricted to service in World War II.
The French made a brief appearance in the islands in the 1760's.
The nation's money supply fell by $2.2 billion in the week ended June 23, after a 2.3 billion drop the week before, the Federal Reserve said.
It is $169 at Grand Central Camera, 420 Lexington Avenue, near 43d Street.
Revenues increased 33 percent, to $146.4 million, from $110.1 million in last year's second quarter.
But many older adults have far greater financial resources.
''We have now gone into the islands to do what I believe the islanders wish - to repossess them (and) restore British administration.''
''They will be prosecuted, and sent to jail if they are guilty.''
Chateau Pichon Longueville-Baron: Garnet-hued, with brown highlights.
''But it's going to be a long time before we'll see the country banks around here having any money to loan at anything near reasonble rates of interest.
In that case, the only way to go down in the slam would be to play the ace from dummy.
The AOR format, which mixes the most predictable contemporary fare with generous helpings of older music by such bands as Led Zeppelin and the Who, lost listeners in a number of important cities.
The trade winds that freshen what otherwise would be humid air bring all the weather from the Atlantic over the choppy green hilltops down to the Caribbean side of the island.
Any bids for these properties, however, were not expected to be as high as their present book value.
You couldn't jive him for one minute.
Alys's last diary entry, written eight days before her death and shortly before Russell's fourth marriage, was a blissful reverie over Russell's last letter, which he had signed, ''much love, ever thine, B.''
Do we need more, better or any chemical munitions, and why now?
After shaking hands with the other politicians and dignitaries, the Mayor marched to the head of the procession, to applause from many in the crowd.
To demonstrate Yiddish theater's continued life and to celebrate its 100th anniversary in New York, Mr.
Instead, the bill takes a broad approach that would impose tax penalties on many perfectly legitimate transactions.
President Regan's special Middle East envoy, Philip C. Habib, returned to Israel today after a week of meetings in Arab capitals on Lebanon and other Middle East issues.
His father is principal of an elementary school in Levittown, L.I.
As in all the other new facilities, there will be no bars of any kind and the only walls will be glass partitions.
Yield: 4 to 6 servings.
In another sun-filled room, women dip slender strips of orange peel into the melted bitter chocolate that is blended to appeal to the French taste for a darker, more robust product.
Or at least that's a riveting overtone of the play's finest scene.
The highest priority always has to be accorded to the threat of nuclear war.
The reasoning is that each side will destroy its most vulnerable weapons, leading to a much stabler overall strategic balance and a political climate with much less anxiety.
Other Senators began raising questions about the workability of the proposal.
He doesn't just manipulate you into doing your piece of the mosaic.
Zeferetti (D) N Y Y Y 16.
The magazine also carries a column on casting in every issue.
Twins 5, Tigers 3 DETROIT (UPI) - Kent Hrbek led off the second inning with his 17th home run and John Castino added a two-run double later in the inning to pace Minnesota.
A peace treaty is the same: forget that you bombed our orphanages and hurt our people; sign a treaty and all will be forgiven.
Of their 84 victories prior to last night's game, the Giants had won 37 by one run, a tribute to those two bullpen aces.
Museums Like every other good exhibition, the Yves Klein show at the Guggenheim Museum, Fifth Avenue and 89th Street, results from an act of faith and an act of passion.
The Cosmos had led, 2-0, on Moyers's sixth goal of the season in the 13th minute and Romero's fourth in the 21st.
Outside, my car was on fire, and there were flames coming up through the house.''
But as with small children, the joys and rewards far exceed the burdens.
He began a newsletter, and then a reunion committee.
For one thing, there are limitless possibilities for decorating food and combining different dishes for the table.
The piece was ''found'' by Joel Newman, a Columbia University teacher of music history.
''It has been shown to be of therapeutic value, especially to those who are confined,'' said Patricia Hinds, the society's director of education.
Then press the coarse pepper into hamburger patties and place them in the preheated iron skillet.
Indeed, of the hotel's dining rooms, only the Oak Room, the grandiose, two-story interior space that feels like a cross between a German castle and a wooden cave, is still in its original form.
Consequently, many dealers supported the compromise bill in the hope that an end to international anarchy in the field might improve business conditions.
Argentina has one of the world's highest inflation rates.
A faded sign in the front advertises its importance, but the red-brick colonial is outclassed on the scenic block by the statues of Abraham Lincoln and Stonewall Jackson, the state capitol building and executive mansion.
''Even yet high Tammany men much inhabit this region,'' Will Irwin wrote in 1927.
A spokesmen for Mayor White said he would have no comment on the case.
The Polish suppression is wrecking the foundations of East-West stability in Europe.
Along the sidewalk, black Volga sedans with transmitter aerials denoting the K.G.B.
The panel agreed that there should be a presumption in favor of resuscitation, but if the patient was competent and expressed a wish against it, for example, a morally acceptable decision could be made to honor that wish.
Nor, really, can the artists themselves be held responsible, since they are in a way only messengers bringing news of a disintegrating culture.
Drop in Reimbursable Work ''Further, of late we have seen a sharp drop in reimbursable work ordered by other Government agencies,'' the letter continued.
The fans realize this is only a decimal point of races.
Her mother is the Newport County coordinator for the early childhood development program in Rhode Island.
Bring to boil, cover and cook about 45 minutes.
''I think it runs in the family.''
What he saw in his mind's eye was terrace joined to terrace by walkways bridging streets, a park in the air, with fountains and luscious plantings akin, he said, to the ''fabled living tapestry of the Hanging Gardens of Babylon.''
No Clue About Kidnappers General St. Jean, his guests said, offered no personal theories about who the kidnappers might have been, but said cryptically that since President Galtieri came to power last December, ''some wheels have gone off the wagon.''
Denmark alone exports more than 16,172 tons of cheese to America every year.
Copies of the report, titled ''Teletext and Videotex in the United States,'' were scheduled to be available after June 28 from McGraw-Hill Publications, 1221 Avenue of the Americas, New York, N.Y. 10020.
Discussing law school admissions at the seminar, John W. Reed, a University of Michigan law professor and a visiting professor at the Harvard Law School, suggested that the quality of a law school depends more on the students than on the faculty.
---- Reagan Relied on Letter Special to the New York Times WASHINGTON, Oct. 14 - A White House press spokesman, Robin Gray, said today that President Reagan had no information on Mrs. McMurtrey's employment status before he mentioned her in his speech.
43 by Bach, ''Gott fahret auf with Jauchzen,'' Rossini's ''Stabat Mater''; Helen Rosengren, soprano; Camelia Johnson, mezzo-soprano; Dan Marek, tenor, and James Dietsch, baritone.
''Hula'' falls somewhere between theater and dance, soundtrack and simulation.
In a parliamentary debate on Dec. 18 on Poland, Manfred Worner, a Christian Democrat, suggested making a renewal of aid contingent on Poland's return to normalcy.
Mr. Hatch departed Thursday night, stopping first to inform reporters that he would gladly vote with the President, even though he had originally voted in favor of the bill that Mr. Reagan vetoed.
"I feel all this is a lovely experience," she said.
The General Accounting Office said in a report today that officials in the Air Force and the office of the Defense Secretary ''have violated Federal anti-lobbying laws'' in a joint campaign with the Lockheed Corporation to push through Congress a program to buy 50 C-5 air cargo planes.
''The law is clear,'' Mr. Penner said.
They are among 200 full-time lawyers working with 40 part-time lawyers in Shanghai, a metropolis of 11.8 million people.
The stories are performed in two sections.
The students distributed an open letter to Mr. Weinberger that said of American air bases here: ''Because of these bases also, we have become clear magnets for attack from your superpower counterparts.
While total borrowing still accounts for a smaller percentage of gross national product than in, say, Britain or the United States, the pace at which borrowing has increased unsettles economists and worries German voters, who recall or have been told how unbounded deficit spending to pay for two world wars caused the nation's economy to collapse totally twice in this century.
After Korchnoi's 23 P-Q6!, Robatsch might have dropped the exchange with 23 ... RxB; 24 PxR, R-Q1, but, of course, the resulting endgame would have been lost for him.
Several hundred fish, frogs and other aquatic life were found dead Thursday near the site of the original spill.
Robert Legvold, Soviet specialist of the Council on Foreign Relations, says that if the Secretary of State were to call together all the people in the Defense Department, the State Department, the Central Intelligence Agency and the National Security Council who are expert on Soviet policy toward a key country, such as West Germany, or a key region, such as Asia, ''They could meet around a card table.''
''They are looking into abuses with the running of the Abscam investigation that I noted very early in my representation of Mr. Criden.
She formerly was with the design firm of Chermayeff & Geismar Associates Inc.
I've been taught to believe in the team concept.''
They say they will ask a Court of Appeals to block it.
This is a case in which it would be good to deal with a butcher you trust.
Some miles away, on the same night, some 460 men and women were staying healthy by nibbling on shiny red apples.
Iran and Iraq, as they have done each day since the fighting was renewed on Tuesday, reported dramatic battlefield victories in official radio broadcasts.
The Soho News, founded nine years ago as a weekly journal of counter-cultural news and opinion for New York City, was closed yesterday by its British owners.
As the economy starts to recover in the latter part of 1982, Francis expects upward pressure on interest rates, which would push the dollar higher.
Included are netsuke (tiny, carved toggles), inro, (lacquered mutli-section boxes for carrying necessities) and other lacquer selections.
In the late 1970's, by contrast, this industry was enjoying a boom, thanks to rising orders for railroad freight cars.
The death penalty plainly deters the person executed, assuming he or she would have killed again.
Al Arbour, the Islanders' coach, said that he counted 40 times that his players gave away the puck.
Dr. Patrick also recommends doing something ''silly'' once a week and taking a ''decompression period'' - a leisurely walk, an exercise class or visiting a friend or relative - on the way home from work.
The national unemployment rate in the first 11 months this year averaged 9.6 percent, a full point above New York's, and for the first time since 1970 the state's rate was below the national level.
The drawings are expected to go on view in the fall.
Cross finished 13 points, 9 on free throws to lead Purdue.
A rating refers to the percentage of households with television sets tuned to a specific program.
Impressionists and Moderns To Be Offered in May A major collection of Impressionist and modern art assembled by G. David Thompson, a Pittsburgh investment banker who died in 1965, will be offered by Sotheby's in New York on May 19.
Surgery Last Year At this time last year, Sutton was recuperating from surgery on his right knee.
Sugar Ray Leonard, in retiring from the ring, referred to the money he would have earned if he had fought Marvelous Marvin Hagler.
NEW ROOM A nightclub is opening for previews tonight in a section of the Upper East Side where the tone is much less clubby than one finds farther east in the same latitudes.
The movie ''Taxi Driver'' was shown at the trial of John W. Hinckley Jr. Defense psychiatrists said it helped to shape his bizarre thoughts and his sense of compulsion in the shooting of President Reagan.
''It has nothing to do with education,'' said Marcie Yourman, ''so I don't see a place for it.
He told the lawyers to return to court Tuesday and give him their response.
In later New York trading, gold was bid at $437 an ounce at Republic National Bank, down $13.75 from $450.75 late Tuesday.
Soviet leader Yuri Andropov has indicated that, if curbs on the cruise missiles were not reached, the Soviet Union would build its own.
And the work of the great career illustrators may be even more impressive: Gravelot, Grandville, Dore and Lepere.
* Overall cleaning should be done by professionals.
My salvation has been my children and my activities as a welfare-rights activist.''
The U.S. and Japan are moving into a new phase of confrontation over trade competition.
''We just figured out the quickest engineering solution and gave them their easement,'' said Wallace Berger, project manager for the tower.
I've seen them go down like dominos in the aisle."
Chisholm (D) Y Y A 13.
''It's a tragedy that the arena was built so far away from town,'' Stepien says of the Coliseum.
This, however, was easier said than done.
The local press converged on the out-of-town analysts, taping their comments for the televised evening news.
All remember with greatest longing the foods they ate as children.
Or do interest rates go up when you tighten the money supply?''
Henderson, who scored three runs and got three hits in the game, walked to lead off the third, stole second, went to third on Wayne Gross's infield grounder, and scored on Dwayne Murphy's sacrifice fly.
Chief Sullivan stressed, however, that the largest category of homicides was still those involving disputes.
The white brick building, with burnt-orange awnings on the ground level, has a lobby paneled with oak and trimmed in highly polished brass.
''We're out there beating the bushes to make loans.''
Only 13 seconds were left when Howard Jackson hurdled over the middle from a foot out for a touchdown and a 19-14 victory.
So I contacted Allan Miller, director of Symphony Space, whom I had met during the 'Wall to Wall John Cage' marathon this year, and suggested this concert.
Maximilian, the brother of the Hapsburg Emperor Franz Josef of Austria, was Emperor of Mexico from 1863 to 1867, a reign that ended before a Mexican firing squad.
We fully expect that the quality of our plane and the after-market support will make up for some of the differential.''
Last November, Mrs. Lizak's 48-year-old brother-in-law, Robert Russo, was found shot to death in his home in Annadale, S.I.
Should space become militarized to a greater extent than it already is, with Russian and American ASATs capable of blowing up each other's satellites, Mr. Ritchie suggests the world would be in a more, rather than a less, precarious situation; he does not subscribe to the notion that war in space would remove the threat of nuclear holocaust from the earth to a remote region, in the manner of the sea battles and colonial wars of the 18th and 19th centuries.
After a scoreless 90 minutes, Glenn Hoddle gave Tottenham the lead 10 minutes into the overtime.
The state police were also on hand to control crowds coming to look at the wreckage.
Only 21 percent of the state's general fund goes toward payroll costs, or $3.9 billion of $18.77 billion.
For the benefit of amateur and professional cryptologists, the newsletter prefaces each puzzle with the following instructions: ''Each of the five headlines is a different letter-for-letter substitution.
Palates jaded by apple cider might consider the cider made from pears or the freshly pressed grape juice from upstate New York.
But latkes are best if eaten as fresh as possible, not reheated.
ABOARD THE N136-PB, over Florida, Aug. 21 (AP) - The cockpit is small and the instrument panel well worn from years of service.
The musicians, serious players like the cellist Christine Gummere, who has played with virtually every classical music organization in the city, became enthusiastic, and when the drummer, Chris Adams, joined the group, they knew they had their toes in the worlds of swing and jazz.
Nonetheless, Mr. MacEachen said he felt there were ''broad political interests to be served'' in continuing the dialogue ''in the expectation that the Soviets will change some of their attitudes.''
Masterpiece it is not, but when performed by artists who understand its pretentions and successes it can be gripping.
It serves good seafood in an elegant old Boston atmosphere.
Bob Forsch raised his record to 6-1 with his 99th career victory.
A man in a tweed jacket and Scots regimental hat danced the Lindy, while a crew-cut guest in black sunglasses just jumped up and down.
posted losses in the quarter.
''Unfortunately, the President's defense of his program was not only misleading, but in several cases completely inaccurate.''
By being pointed away from the sun, the craft's engines will experience temperatures of more than 200 degrees below zero Fahrenheit.
Two lines sail vessels from Hyannis, the Steamship Authority from mid-April through December (617-771-4000) and the Hy-Line from late April to early November (617-771-7185).
Red wine, I'm not so sure.''
H. At the time of the transfer of ownership provided for in Section I(A)(4), the searated BOC's shall have debt ratios of approximately 45 percent (except for Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Company, which shall have a debt ratio of approximately 50 percent), and the quality of the debt shall be representative of the average terms and conditions of the consolidated debt held by A.T.&T., its affiliates and the BOC's at that time.
In addition to the 199 events already scheduled, he said, there have been 452 inquiries for dates through 1990.
But they seem to be a dwindling number.
A Determined Management The problems that led to the T.V.A.
Roughly another 15 percent are for dual military-civilian purposes.
The play itself consists solely of the letters that went back and forth between Miss Hanff and Mr. Doel, with a few additions from other bookshop employees who had secretly started writing their own letters to Miss Hanff while carefully concealing the fact from Mr. Doel, who was a bit proprietary about his American correspondent.
Two days later, he scored 26 against the Indiana Pacers.
Subscribers will receive programs by way of small rooftop dish antennas and view them on ordinary television sets.
Two officers were relieved of their command at Keesler Air Force Base for ''bad judgment,'' it was announced today.
felt that any delay that could be achieved in completing the pipeline would be ''infinitesimal.''
The political fencing over a fence that Riverhead Town Supervisor Joseph F. Janoski permitted to be built around a small private lot with town money ended recently when the members of the Town Board unanimously voted to let the fence remain standing if the owner of the small parcel agreed to pay the town for the cost of labor and materials.
The founder, Leon Leonwood Bean, started this empire in 1912 because he was tired of cold, wet feet and devised a curious-looking sort of lace-up boot he called a hunting shoe, with a rubber bottom and a leather top.
Analysts said that in addition to weak oil prices, high interest rates have been depressing the price of gold because they make it costly to borrow money to purchase gold.
Teruku Onuki, 21 years old, a Japanese student, swam the English Channel today in 9 hours 30 minutes, but Phillip Kendall, 40, a lawyer from Colorado Springs, had to quit his attempt, the Channel Swimming Association said.
So much for Mr. Reagan's self-delusion.
The banks have said that until they receive all of the past-due interest they will not agree to postpone payment of the $2.4 billion in principal that also had been due last year.
Following is the text of a statement issued today by Tass, the Soviet Government's press agency, about a letter concerning Lebanon that was sent to President Reagan by Leonid I. Brezhnev in his capacity of Soviet President: In connection with the sharp aggravation of the situation in Lebanon, and especially in its capital, Beirut, L.I.
New York has had a balanced budget in accordance with the strictest accounting principles - stricter by far than those followed by most state and local governments.
Celebrate before every day of '83 brings you closer to '84.
The player strike cost the Buccaneers games with Detroit, San Francisco, Minnesota, Chicago and Baltimore, and two with Green Bay.
''Jardine has had diverse interests in the United States for many years,'' he said in a telephone interview.
The show has certainly made a respectable pass at international representation, in that art from a number of countries is on view, but you'll hardly find a whisper here of the recent work from Europe or America that has brought some interest - or at least argument - to the New York scene, by such artists as Joseph Beuys, Julian Schnabel, Robert Longo, David Salle, Anselm Kiefer, Sandro Chia, Enzo Cucchi, Francesco Clemente.
Arrangements designed by local florists will also be displayed in each house.
Rameau presents a third course.
There are times when one can start on the right foot and finish on the wrong foot, and, vice versa.
''I took a look around,'' Ownbey said, ''and some of the people had been there 10 years, 11 years.
''The mere fact of United Technologies' presence may have whetted Allied's appetite.''
There were also Paul Harper Jr., chairman of Needham, Harper & Steers; Jerry Della Femina, chairman of Della Femina, Travisano & Partners; Shep Kurnit, chairman of Calet, Hirsch, Kurnit & Spector, and John E. O'Toole, chairman of Foote, Cone & Belding.
In looking through my own sprawling library of piano methods and instruction books I was struck by a peculiar fact.
The corporations are awarding the students $5,000 each this year, and the college hopes they will continue to help the students through their college careers.
Seafirst estimates that it lost $170 million this year on its Penn Square loans, or $92.3 million after taxes.
''Other real-estate companies stuck with unprofitable middle-class housing in New York can see a gracious way of getting out,'' he said.
I say: 'O.K., it's your land, but there is an Armenian living in my house in East Beirut.
Rose had singled sharply into right field on a 1-0 pitch from LaPoint his first time at bat.
Condominiums mean affordable housing for many younger buyers.
RCA lost $55.5 million on the system in 1980 and $21.4 million in 1979, for a three-year total of $183.7 million.
With the two-day Democratic meeting set to start Monday, today's developments included these: - A news conference held by an ebullient Senator Moynihan.
And Dad would take us to dinners, all of his campaign announcements, of course, and City Council meetings, you know, off to the side to watch.''
But what the good ones try to do is report honestly what they see and learn.
Failure on the Road The Flames were not well prepared.
We hope for something in the range of 5 percent.
Procedures Under Review On Thursday, the Buildings Department ordered an immediate halt to the dismantling of all cranes and derricks on construction projects in the city while safety and other operational procedures were reviewed.
No one can say for certain, but it certainly is true that economic pessimism has been oversold.
Still he thought he could explain the experiences in Delaware.
Over it all hung the smell of acrid smoke.
The heliport was already being used by about 20,000 privately operated helicopters a year, and the shuttle service, which began in June, is expected to add 6,000 more flights.
I've heard it a hundred times: 'I put the key in the lock and suddenly a guy had his arm around my neck.'
When you look back, what will you cite as your most important achievements?
Tilefish Steak, Creole Style 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil 1 large onion, finely chopped 1 clove garlic, minced 2 peppers, sliced 1 to 2 hot green or red chilis, minced 1 cup peeled and seeded tomatoes, with their juice 3/4 pound okra, trimmed 1 1/2 to 2 pound tilefish steak, cut in half vertically Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper 2 tablespoons fresh chopped parsley.
''You could call us the Hoffa impulse in the teamsters,'' he went on.
As the crucial shopping season reaches its midpoint, sales in 11 major cities are up an average of 2 percent over last year, retailers report.
Such records include disciplinary action taken by the Grievance Committee for the Ninth Judicial District, the organization responsible for investigating complaints against lawyers in this region, and the New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct, which investigates complaints against sitting judges.
The House rejected the Democratic plan by a vote of 253 to 171.
High Jump - Disa Gisladdottir.
The Sir Galahad burst into flames, with black smoke pouring from her hold, he said, after ammunition boxes and fuel tanks blew up.
New York: Doubleday & Co. $22.50.
It forecast this year's surplus at 700 tons, down from 2,830 in 1981 and a peak of 6,126 tons in 1980.
The city board had allowed 15 percent rises in such cases last year.
His words are clear; he is fiercely intense.
Mr. Williams has called the charges ''a damn lie,'' and a Federal judge in Chicago recently postponed his trial until September.
''In a series like this,'' Molitor said, ''you have two losses to use up, and we've used them both.
The best remedy would be to auction the scarcest slots to the highest bidders, private or commercial.
You might substitute finely chopped shallots for the garlic.
''This is a prudent way to effect the necessary economics.
A policeman on the scene said the fatal bullets had been fired from Soviet made AK-47 assault rifles, which in the past have been used by terrorists and crime syndicates.
Some private universities like Harvard have created separate degree programs that draw on regular faculty members.
We can, however, follow a poor, battered cat named Grizabella as she is soulfully lofted, at the culmination of ''Cats,'' clear to the roof of the Winter Garden and then through it, courtesy of a carefully cut hole.
''Let's put it this way,'' Miss Reichardt said.
''From my childhood, I know that Israel is my enemy.
The bride-to-be attended the Convent of the Sacred Heart and the Newitt School, both in New York, and was graduated from Smith College.
There were conflicting reports about the position of the converted cruise liner Canberra, which is carrying 3,000 troops who would be needed for any invasion.
A recent injury hurt, too.
What is really happening, though, is that the schools of American and European design are becoming one.''
The 1971's are beginning to soften and the 1970's have achieved a degree of suppleness, but both will be better after more time.
If you have a one-shot lead and you lose, or if you lose a playoff, that's O.K.
Because our customers are disproportionately dependent on oil to produce electricity, they would be disproportionately affected by an additional tax on oil.
'Temporary' Price Controls Gasoline, for example, which sells for almost $2 a gallon at the pump, can be bought on the black market for nearly $4 a gallon.
For the visitor who wants to see where bankers and businessmen enjoy good solid food and select wines, go to the Borsenkeller in the basement of the stock market.
The one-hour discussion is scheduled for broadcast at 1 P.M. today.
members, some of whom have been laid off more than two years and have exhausted all their unemployment benefits, will come from a special fund established under the terms of the new contract signed last March.
A better system would allow sentencing convicts to community service projects, payment of restitution and closely supervised probation.
''The land use that gives New Jersey its character is agriculture,'' Mr. Hamill said.
On Broadway the characters have also been played by Donald Cook and Tallulah Bankhead, Brian Bedford and Tammy Grimes, and, most recently, John Standing and Maggie Smith.
BUYS OF THE WEEK:APPLES AND SPINACH Golden Delicious apples from Pennsylvania, for as little as $1 for three pounds, and local spinach, at 59 to 69 cents a pound, make a wonderful salad with a few walnuts and a dressing of walnut oil or olive oil and vinegar.
Most Americans, even if their lives depended on it, would be hard pressed to identify the nations of this region.
WASHINGTON AS the Falklands crisis reached a turning point, the United States found itself in an uncomfortable situation, uncertain whether it should concentrate on helping Britain achieve a military victory or on trying again to secure a negotiated compromise that would avoid a humiliation for either side.
The month-to-month sales decline was the biggest since the 1975 recession.
He argued that the change would make it easier for the unions to avoid the penalty and in effect reward them for striking in 1980.
55, Poughkeepsie; Wappingers Falls J.H.S., Remsen Ave., Wappingers Falls; Poughkeepsie M.S., 55 College Ave.; Titusville M.S., Meadow Rd., Poughkeepsie; Overlook School, Overlook Rd., Poughkeepsie; Orville A. Todd J.H.S., 11 Croft Rd., Poughkeepsie.
''We don't see a strong recovery, but a gradual one.''
The real reason is sweaters.
Business loans outstanding at large banks across the country fell by $778 million, while business borrowing in the commercial paper market fell by another $972 million.
There is a ripping scream.
Afterward, the three glum-looking prosecutors congratulated Vincent J. Fuller and the three other defense lawyers, who then were hugged by Mr. and Mrs. Hinckley.
- Dan Meridor, spokesman for the Israeli Cabinet.
The marriage of Katharine Halsey Downer to Joseph Henri Traugott took place yesterday at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Halsey S. Downer, parents of the bride, in Old Westbury, L.I.
He said his challenger simply did not understand the way Congress worked and peddled ''sheer sophistry and nonsense.''
And denying training to unemployable young people would be socially harmful.
In over-the-counter trading Thursday, Pabst was quoted at $21.25 bid, down $8.25; Heileman jumped $2.875 to $38.75 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Some of them are quite unbalanced.
Proposition 8 so confuses questions of evidence that it threatens prolonged delays in courtrooms as judges take hours to make decisions that should take minutes.
The company will continue to produce soft-cover compilations of material from Playboy magazine and new Playboy-oriented book projects.
Oil trading, food processing and other lines added through acquisitions now make up the bulk of Volvo's business.
''I've had opponents do a lot of things to make me stop asking questions, but damn it, that's the first time anyone's let a pig into the courtroom,'' said William E. Wright, a lawyer on the panel.
''What we'll be looking for is your typical police officer - the wonderful looking man in blue whom we can use in talk shows,'' said Mrs. Gotbaum.
Mr. Gelli, who was arrested in Geneva while trying to withdraw money from a blocked bank account, is wanted on charges of espionage, bribery and extortion.
And the practical impact in some important areas was enormous as well.
The poet Marianne Moore, who worked as an editor at The Dial, once praised Mr. Thayer for his ''inflexible morality against the 'nearly good.'
She has mastered the intricacies of the Wilde-Douglas liaison and its repercussions.
The United States and four other major industrial nations have tentatively agreed to a 50 percent increase in the basic lending resources of the International Monetary Fund, European monetary officials said today.
The United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit issued a permanent injunction against the city Wednesday, ruling that the display violates the constitituional separation of church and state.
Two Veterans Left in Race In the Democratic rematch for Governor, the immediate future now belongs to Gov.
Take from heat and slowly add egg mixture little at a time, stirring constantly until well blended.
''If you don't enjoy it, you might as well be out digging ditches, because it's hard work,'' she said.
''The Union Jack isn't all that pretty anyway,'' one British expatriate said.
Upon the entrance of Mr. Young and his wife of 29 years, Jean, into the extensive Omni International entertainment complex, tears trickled down the new Mayor's cheeks as the Atlanta Gospel Choir sang, ''Lord I don't feel no way tired ...
The draft registration law, on the books since the summer of 1980, was declared unfit for further duty last week by a Federal district judge in Los Angeles.
Mr. Allison said the crim e grew into a multi-million dollar boxing empire and a style of life for Mr. Smith, then known as Ross Fields, that includedluxury cars, a yacht, a racehorse, a private jet and an expensive home.
The trouble is that this talk comes only from the unregenerates of the right.
Fuzzbuster and other detectors notify drivers of the presence of radar waves emanating from the units in police cars, thus giving speeders a chance to slow down.
Since her husband died, she has devoted herself to the restaurant, where she works, she says, 12 hours a day, six days a week.
''I don't think he has any idea of what the Raiders mean to people like me,'' he said.
These secondary jobs are expanding faster than primary jobs.
One State Department official voiced tentative optimism about the Administration efforts, saying that ''the long-term trends were positive.''
The major Western European powers will be represented at the funeral of Leonid I. Brezhnev by senior Government officals.
In the last two years alone, outlays for the elderly increased by 30 percent, or almost $50 billion.
Yet he will have had only three days to adjust to a red-clay court and balls that are likely to yield a higher-thanusual bounce from Noah's topspin shots.
If we hear Secretary Haig correctly, his Central American policy this week is to wish Mexico well in trying to broker a deal between Latin guerrillas and the Reagan Administration.
OREGON Blue Mountain Community College, Pendleton; Clackamas Community College, Oregon City; Computer Career Institute Inc., Portland; Northwest Christian College, Eugene.
The whole affair seems revelatory not just of Mr. Davies's tastes, but of his championing of underdogs and his intense relationships with musicians he admires.
Mr. Lewis's company, then, is, as always, concerned with both new and old works, and it is subtitled ''a repertory company.''
Bamberger smiled when he said that, but Youngblood's problems in the field apparently convinced Bamberger to start Backman, a switch-hitter, against the right-handed pitcher Dave Stewart.
Another activity of Colonel Aloni's men, it was said, has been to evacuate civilians from areas where there were unexploded bombs and to detonate the bombs.
If assessments on shares are voted by the new board of directors, is there any way the sponsor could pass along some or all of his share to tenants living in the apartments he owns in the form of a rent increase?
Mr. Reagan has canceled the ban on domestic breeder and reprocessing technology and has vowed to stimulate both efforts.
A high rate of lung cancer among white males in industrialized areas of Contra Costa County here has aroused alarm among residents and resulted in a state-financed study to determine the causes.
The experiments in corrective genetic manipulation were conducted at the University of California in San Francisco on the egg cells of a frog, and at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where mammalian cells were used.
Because of its homogeneous population and the size and development of its political, cultural and military institutions, Egypt has always dominated Arab politics and distinguished itself as the only Arab nation that by itself could seriously threaten Israel.
About 25 kilograms, or 55 pounds, of highly enriched uranium is required to manufacture an atomic bomb, the report says.
The American trucking industry asserts that this federal obstacle has at least slowed Americans, while nothing of the sort confronts Canadians bidding for operating rights in the United States.
If that occurs, the embargo will have served to anger European allies and hurt United States companies without noticeably delaying the project at all.
Mr. Ehrenhalt said that New York City had fared better during the brief 1980 recession and, based on current indications, in the current downturn than in the 1969-70 and 1973-75 recessions, when the city fared worse than other parts of the area and the national economy.
In this area, the institutions themselves represent a substantial economic segment, according to some local authorities.
His new fall men's collection has, he said the other d ay, been in large part inspired by ''Chariots.''
For the Hunter College recital series, then one of New York's most distinguished, Fleisher's program included Schubert's ''Wanderer'' Fantasy.
The new version is indeed more hi-fi.
In anticipation of the merger, some parishes had already been discussing closer cooperation and even complete local mergers.
John Ginzel, a livestock analyst in Chicago with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc., noted that futures prices for cattle had remained below the cash prices and were likely to go higher.
Then Anthony Jones, a 6-6 freshman, scored 15 points in a 29-4 spurt that started the Hoyas to a 62-48 victory.
Robinson gave the Cavaliers their first lead, 105-104, with 4:08 remaining, with a 15-foot jumper.
The two persons who were killed were identified as Hung Phi Nguyen, 40, of Silver Spring, Md., and Larry Lewis Thompson, 56, of Vienna, Va.
In an official statement, Mr. Whitelaw described the report in The Daily Express as substantially correct.
The pate campagne, at $5.50 a half-pound, is salty but flavorful; the pate de canard has no flavor.
One of the two vacancies stems from the move of Judge Edward R. Neaher to senior status two months ago.
DOROTHY J. SAMUELS STEVEN R. SHAPIRO, New York, Nov. 11, 1982 The writers are, respectively, executive director and staff counsel of the New York Civil Liberties Union.
''We had 22 telephone lines installed, one for each of the country's provinces, and they stopped working at 6 last night,'' he said.
It's only a matter of us getting together, start from the bottom.
The politics of the speech, a sensitive element since it was being billed as a nonpolitical address, were weighed and sifted by Mr. Darman and others.
Mr. Webbe is a $50,000-a-year executive in Mr. Dorfman's insurance agency in suburban Chicago, a business with close ties to the teamsters and to the union's multibillion-dollar Central States Pension Fund.
Honolulu's main airport remained open, but airlines on the mainland postponed flights to Hawaii at the height of the storm.
Technically, Mr. Nast was an arbiter only by implication, since he owned the magazines and hired the talent.
Five of the operators were granted a temporary restraining order on June 21 to prevent the county and Marriott from removing their rides for the rest of this year's season.
Brooklyn Tech was a double winner in the girls' events, capturing the 3,200-meter walk in 19:20.9 and the 3,200-meter run in 9:49.
''I'm glad I don't have to play today.
For decades, Israeli peace overtures were met with an Arab trinity of negatives: no recognition, no negotiation, no reconciliation.
Tod ay, Japa n is one of the few countries in the world where one hears laughte r everywhere.
Sharon to Address Parliament Mr.
The Maritime College Foundation sold Enterprise, a sister ship to Freedom, to the Aga Khan, who heads the Italian challenge from the Costa Esmeralda Yacht Club in Sardinia.
Third-Party Possibility Whether Mr. Helms can repair his North Carolina base is of importance beyond that state's limits.
Coach Yahweh wants to make a substitution: Abraham in foul trouble.''
Mr. Statman is a poet, writer, teacher and stage manager, and production director with the New York Art Theater Institute.
The fifth injured worker was reported in serious condition at St. Joseph's Hospital.
Georgetown Opens With Steals In the opening minute, Georgetown's Floyd stole the ball from Jackson and scored on a jump shot.
For however important the matters of state before us this next week, they must not disturb the solemnity of this occasion, nor must they delude our sense of reverence and the silent gratitude we hold for those who are buried here.
The 53.8 inches reported so far is the biggest accumulation on record for January.
Moon had deposited $1.6 million in bank accounts, mostly in cash, and a Unification Church official who acknowledged that Mr.
Arthur Ashe, the American captain, was impressed but not surprised by McEnroe's performance on the slow red-clay court.
But, said Rose Brooks, associate director of alumni affairs and development at Columbia, ''we don't push it.''
CAROLINA HERRERA, New York fashion designer: I never go out in the sun without a straw hat and makeup to protect my face.
But the overall thrust of this essay is decidedly on the side of life.
Congress to Be Consulted The United States, in granting most-favored-nation status to a country, agrees not to grant more favorable terms to any other trading partner, thus reducing tariffs on that country's goods to the lowest prevailing level.
Carew Sidelined Rod Carew, who has been suffering from tendinitis in his right wrist since mid-April, will undergo treatment, including a cortisone shot, during the All-Star break and will miss the game Tuesday.
The withdrawal of Colombia came as no surprise, because Mr. Betancur had said several times that he would commit none of his country's funds to the undertaking.
Capsouto Freres, 451 Washington Street, at Watts Street (966-4900), is a gorgeous restaurant in a landmark Romanesque-revival warehouse with an erratic kitchen that is at its best with simple bistro food.
Soviet, Cuban and East German delegates objected to the endorsement of ''a free flow,'' but finally accepted the compromise wording.
Wrigley Field, built in 1916, is the only stadium in the major leagues that has no artificial lighting for night games.
''I never dig until someone sees bone coming out of the ground,'' Mr. Jensen was saying.
''It's not like buying Government bonds,'' Mr. Heiss acknowledged, ''but our projections indicate that the return would justify expenses.''
''Juet's Journal: The Voyage of the Half Moon From 4 April to 7 November, 1609,'' by Robert Juet, edited by Robert M. Lunny ($4): John T. Cunningham, who wrote the introduction to this book, praises this ''unpolished gem of an account,'' which, owing to its documentation, insured the name Hudson('s) River.
Yet a good show - which is what the rest of the works offer as well - is not the same as a masterpiece.
Dave Young, the tight end who was sent home two weeks ago 19 pounds overweight, is scheduled to rejoin the team for workouts Monday.
Gold finished the week below $450 an ounce.
Cover closely and cook about 40 minutes, stirring often from the bottom to prevent sticking.
''I was always told that you are your own worst client, and I'm afraid it is true.
Typical prices in older buildings range from $13,000 to $15,000 a room, said Stuart Dix, of Kraham Sales and Leasing.
Mr. Carmichael, an associate with the New York law firm of Hughes Hubbard & Reed, was graduated from Phillips Exeter Academy, with the class of '76 from Williams and from the Stanford University Law School.
3 Types of Influenza Of the three main types of influenza, A, B and C, only A and B are associated with epidemics, and they generally occur in winter months.
Reaction of Peers When asked if there was any advantage for a Girl Scout leader to be male, James S. Tarbox, 43, an engineer for General Electric who leads a troop in Trumbull, Conn., echoed the thoughts of several other men when he said: ''We might get more cooperation than some women might get; I think a female leader might be more reluctant to ask a man or woman to go on a trip or to help out.''
An organization of supporters of the school fund headed by former State Senators Fairleigh S. Dickinson Jr. and Raymond H. Bateman sued, noting that the state could complete only 53 percent of its mapping program in the year allowed, and challenging the validity of an amendment that would deprive the state's constitutionally protected fund of revenues for claims in the unmapped 47 percent.
Their big industrial users should be required to install ''dualburn'' equipment that lets them switch to oil in a pinch.
A spokesman for the airline here said a single hijacker forced the crew to fly to Tunis, where he released all his hostages and surrendered.
Last night, it went to the most unlikely man.
Mr. Seidman will remain a director of Phelps Dodge, which is suffering through a copper depression.
''We have a problem with puddles, but we told them we'd keep the puddles, just leave us alone,'' he said.
''Now let's see,'' Mr. Hardwick says cheerfully, ''Jim Wann wrote most of the songs, and then the girls wrote a few, and then the girls and I wrote one, and then all the guys wrote one.
'Professional Mother' In the role of ''professional mother,'' as she put it, Mrs. Lehrman seems altogether comfortable, judging by her performance during a recent interview.
A scheduled title fight against Roger Stafford was canceled last May when Leonard developed vision problems that were diagnosed as a torn retina.
But after the opposition surfaced, the message from the Governor was not sent, and the bill could not be considered.
The ceremony was performed by State Supreme Court Justice John C. Marbach at Ophir Farm, the Reid home in Purchase.
Buccaneers 13, Saints 10 NEW ORLEANS (AP) -Doug Williams threw for 193 yards and a secondhalf touchdown to lead Tampa Bay.
His father, a fervently Republican country editor, drummed into him early the ancient doctrine that far-off Tammany Hall embodied ''all that is evil in government,'' and it became an article of faith.
received a two-year probation last Dec. 8, th e the Bruins were barred from postseason tourna ment play for only this year.
Hundreds of Cars Stalled Motorists with stalled cars swamped the Automobile Club of New York with calls for help.
For each exchange, the telephone numbers were formed by random digits, thus permitting access to both listed and unlisted residential numbers.
The announcement about the return of the bodies was made to a small number of Western newspaper and television reporters after a closed three-hour meeting between the veterans and the Vietnamese.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
If so, he can be a rather wild athlete, even wilder than his outside-the-ring reputation.
To the accompaniment of Fourth of July firecrackers, Steven Spielberg's fantasy about a lonely visitor from outer space, ''E.T.
At every stage of our descent into the present predicament, Presidents of both parties have chosen defense policies designed to gain wide political support at home and abroad.
Mr. Brandwein said that his idealism had been short-lived.
The single most widely reproduced design combines a heavy metal base and arms with a wood-slat back and seat.
His San Diego teammate, Chris Welsh, went further.
The survival of Israel, they insist, is the bottom line, overriding all other issues: ''Jews can live with restricted abortions.
This compromise between the freedom to inquire and the rights of human beings pleases almost no one, and the debate continues in scientific and governmental circles and in the meetings and publications of institutes of ethics.
San Diego: Helen and Kurt Wolff/ Harcourt Brace Jovanovich.
The ash was six inches deep in Pichucalco and two inches deep in Villahermosa, capital of the state of Tabasco.
However, Winters regained momentum with two jumpers.
I wanted to show the Queen isn't safe in that position.''
Seton Hall, 39-11 this season, is 2-0 in the tournament after its opening round victory over L.I.U.
Western diplomats said the Soviet decree appeared to be modeled closely after Western legislation.
TRENTON ALTHOUGH the inauguration of Thomas H. Kean as New Jersey's next Governor will not take place until noon on Tuesday, the round of cultural and social events ma rking the occasion already have begun.
Many travelers are wary of taking over, no matter how briefly, somebody else's vacation home.
Installing the spathes, a number of which were eliminated for lack of quality or inappropriateness of configuration, was another headache.
Cockpit Voice Recorder Until yesterday's disclosure, it had not been known publicly that any of the four or more wind-shear alerts known to have been transmitted over the tower frequencies actually had been heard by the crew of the Pan Am plane.
It is often supposed, and stated, that turning war against civilians is an introduction of our century, but this is not so.
You never know when you're going to leave someone out.''
Yet the electiondriven urge to do something propels proposals of every kind: Create more job training or curtail illegal immigrants; promote exports or curtail imports (Detroit's protectionist local-content bill); increase Federal funding for research or for ''enterprise zones.''
As for the ancient sprouting lotuses, Mr. Priestley kept them in a bucket of water outside his house while waiting for the radiocarbon dates.
The mud slung at us has stained the whole state of Israel,'' he said, using what Israeli critics call McCarthy tactics.
In the small talk at the start of the meal, Prime Minister Thatcher asked Mr. Schmidt, ''When's your re-election?''
's leader, called on the United States Government to recognize the Palestine Liberation Organization and to deal with it directly.
Ward Was Too Heavy Rasmussen's job, meanwhile, has been given to Stan Waldemore, who replaced Rasmussen several times last season and is highly regarded by Jets' coaches.
The City's new Charter Revison Commission should make the at-large issue a matter of top priority.
''This was a tightly packed area,'' Mr. Selig said.
It was a passage of words from a Brooklyn firefighter named Tom Patrick, and Mr. Terkel said it summed up much of the meaning of his work.
In effect, American voters have been told they are too emotional to consider positions on such a controversy before electing their leaders.
A second reason for the Kraftian obtain may be that some writers like literary style.
Today, there's less activity, but what we're doing, we're doing better.''
He looked strong and healthy, with crude, blue tattoos on his biceps and a round hole on his side, where the bullet had gone in.
Though Dale and his father may at times see the world similarly, there are vast differences.
Most of those experiments have been defensive measures to maintain the role of information provider.
Political parties were banned when the democratic caretaker Government of Lydia Gueiler was ousted by a military coup.
''I sit at home in the boots, two shirts,'' said the hefty Mr. Fisher as his family gathered last evening around th e kitchen table in the only room that was bearable, primarily because the nursemaid, Galina Skazynska, had some kasha cooking on t he stove.
All endorse the treatment philosophy first developed by the Asthmatic Children's Foundation's fonder, Dr. M. Murray Peshkin.
The vegetable originated in the Mediterranean.
Dell has Candlelight romances, Jove offers a Second Chance at Love and Bantam will launch its Circle of Love imprint next spring.
Until World War II, when he was seriously wounded in the Battle of the Bulge, there was nothing in his life except music.
BRASS AT BOSCOBEL At the Boscobel Restoration, a 19th-century landmark in Garrison on Hudson, N.Y., you can stroll through formal gardens and lawns, enjoy views of the Hudson River and Hudson Highlands, tour a mansion and - this Saturday and next - listen to Bach, Brahms and Mozart played by the Delafield Brass Quintet.
The company cited a sharp fall in aircraft deliveries.
Add this to the kettle.
Mr. Koch said tax increases were a possibility, but he declined to say which taxes were being considered.
Most important, engineers and broadcasters say, the advent of stereo AM will give listeners a broader selection of higher fidelity reception from different locations.
Now the B an' G Pickle Company of Long Island City has come along with pickles that have no added salt.
The latest hunger strike recalls a fast last November by Andrei D. Sakharov, the physicist and rights advocate, and his wife, Yelena Bonner, in an effort to win permission for Yelizaveta Alekseyeva to emigrate to the United States to join her husband, Alexey Semyonov, who is Mrs. Bonner's son by a previous marriage.
Business Digest, Page Page 35
An indication of the ferocious problems besetting Seirawan can be seen after 21 O-O-O.
Clearly, the message was that unemployment, an unsettling trend for Germans accustomed to years of near full employment, would be the German economy's major problem in 1982.
Near the close of the 1975 tournament, her defection from Czechoslovakia was announced.
I hope and expect we will proceed expeditiously by finalizing the financial agreement with the Economic Development Corporation.''
The company expects to sustain ''another sizeable operating loss in the fourth quarter of 1982, and the outlook for Bethlehem for 1983 is uncertain,'' Mr. Trautlein added.
The second hand will then be on the pulse rate.
There is no way that they'll be on the curb side when they arrive at their destination.
Mr. Linder, a tax specialist on pension law for the I.R.S.
In the Irish Republic, Prime Minister Charles J. Haughey described the results of the election as a ''complete political mess.''
As for Mrs. Grier, who works for the state's Department of Education as an evaluator of basic skills programs, the number of valid signatures she would have to produce from among those rejected appears to be insurmountable.
Among present American League umpires, only Bill Haller, also with 19 years' tenure, has served as long.
Mr. Sadlowski, who lost the election to Lloyd McBride, challenged the union policy on the ground that it violated the Labor-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act of 1959.
Prof. Peter Rowlinson of the department of zoology at La Trobe University in Melbourne estimates that since the United States lifted its ban two years ago, the number of kangaroos killed has reached six million a year, or twice the number for which the Australian Government issues licenses as a means of keeping the totals under control.
But unless drastic reductions proposed for the already modest Federal support for public broadcasting are reconsidered, we shall indeed find ourselves being penny-wise and pound-foolish.
''It seems to me that if you got a fresh cop on the beat, he has a better chance of catching some guy,'' he said.
Rent increases in residential hotels are granted by the Rent Guidelines Board annually.
Last week a number of Caribbean members of the organization indicated they wished to have a resolution condemning Argentina's Falklands action.
Mr. Bustos was detained at a small labor union rally here at which, witnesses said, the police severely beat several participants, most of them journalists and lawyers.
It will buy, say, 785,000 copies and spend $17 million advertising it.
The researchers said that a further study was planned to determine why those patients had a 65 percent higher death rate than those who were under their regular doctor's care.
One of my chief anticipations was, in fact, to dine on that dish on its native soil.
Then the Congress would act under expedited procedure within 45 days of the submission of the certification to approve the basing mode recommended by the President, or any alternative they might select.
Indeed, midway through the first draft of the screenplay for ''Eyewitness,'' Tesich left Peter Yates, the director, a note that said, ''Who is the murderer in this story anyway?''
Now, according to a Government report issued last year, there has been a ''revolution in expectations'' among younger Indians who live for ''the here and now,'' who covet a middle-class way of life but whose incomes do not allow them to achieve it.
The men's final, which was the first between two Americans in recent North American squash racquets history, produced a dazzling display of complex shot-making and spirited retrieving on the part of both players.
One of the new techniques being tried to outwit the beetle, which has become immune to many pesticides, is a system called fluid drilling.
Look at how beautiful the view is!''
The New York Daily News may be fit enough to continue printing after all, or so its headline trumpeted yesterday.
Through the plate glass of our liberty, we are watching the politically oppressed make noble use of our heritage of artistic freedom.
After the five were arrested at the Canadian border last weekend, Benedict J. Ferro, who is in charge of the Buffalo office of the Immigration and Naturalization Service, said there was ''substantial evidence'' that the men were acting as agents of the I.R.A.
A polio outbreak has taken nine lives and 133 other people have been hospitalized in this area of northeast Transvaal, the Health and Welfare Department said.
But that kennel changed hands and Old Lyme's strays no longer are welcome.
After all, they assured themselves, what better place to dispose of excess liquidity than in a growing economy with infinite oil reserves?
It usually works because they know I knew what the answers could be on the other side, how I as a buyer would defend.''
Ron Linfonte, head trainer at St. John's University, said that he would like to recruit students from the program for work-study scholarships in his athletic-training apprentice program, a nondegree course given under the auspices of the National Athletic Trainers Association.
New York will try an experiment to stop 18 billion gallons a year of untreated sewage overflow from entering city waterways.
''The Khmer Rouge did not dismiss me as head of state because they needed me,'' he said, ''but I saw very bad things.
Six members, four of them male, were drawn from various White House divisions, such as communications and personnel.
But now the Administration seems on the right track; the question is why it has taken so long to welcome Mexican involvement.
- M.Z., Forest Hills, N.Y. Answer:Admission to Chantilly race track is eight francs weekdays and 20 francs on Sundays.
''We lost 19 soldiers in the last few days,'' he said, ''and nobody is going to write off these lives.''
His view has been endorsed thus far by 42 other lawmakers, and it has apparently stirred some caution in the Administration.
And Presidential envoy Philip C. Habib, shuttling between Mr.
''That Israel is directly responsible, and moral responsibility, at one remove, rests with the U.S.
The agency said wholesale inventories rose 11.5 percent in January from 1981.
Our research has discovered that the Nets went broke because they merely had players like Rick Barry and Julius Erving.
The study found that such spending in the region by Federal, state and local governments dropped from $4.3 billion in 1972 to $2.6 billion in 1979.
But of more interest are his later ''constructive'' heads, done in the 1920's, of which there are three examples here.
Consumers could experience a rapid increase in local phone r ates, but a decline in long-distance rates.
Point man in the campaign is gubernatorial candidate Dick Randolph, a State Representative and the most successful Libertarian politician anywhere since the party was founded in 1972.
IMAGINE a Danish company with enough nerve to export chewing gum to the home of Wrigley's, Adams and Beech-Nut.
All the civilian aid has been cut to nothing.
* Standard Motor Products Inc. said it planned, subject to market conditions, to offer publicly 600,000 of its class A capital shares, to be sold through an as-yet-unnamed underwriting syndicate.
This distortion in our system is aggravated by the fact that individual local calls, in contrast, carry a zero charge, because local service is typically provided on a flat-rate basis, producing the opposite kind of inefficiency: it encourages a great deal of calling, for long periods, even though the more calls people place and the longer they talk, the greater is the system's need for costly additional capacity.
This assures that the check will go directly to the buyer.
When that had been resolved, Miss Blacklock leaned forward and said: ''I'm interested in something that enables a person to get a taste of what is traditionally called the communion of God, that conveys the fact that reality is something upon which you can base hope.
As punishment, he is sent to jail and shares a cell with someone named Sleepy, whom we are told ''got his name 'cause he looked like he was sleepin' all the time.''
The leading candidates for the other berth are Baldinger and John Sinnott, who spent last year on injured reserve.
Another Coast Guard representative, Petty Officer Jerry Snyder, said that small-craft warnings had been issued early Sunday because of winds from 20 to 25 knots and waves of four to six feet.
* Hampshire Gibson Inc. said it had completed the purchase of Gibson Greeting Cards Inc. from RCA Corp. for $80 million.
It is hard to argue with numbers like that.
Bob Pfeifer and Myrna Marcarian shout back and forth at each other, now pleading, now cajoling, now accusing, while Mr. Pfeifer's scratchy guitar and the group's rhythm section kick the music along and Miss Marcarian's organ provides fleeting moments of lyricism.
On several walls in and around the playground, written in large spray-painted letters, is the name Gino.
''Rosa'' wasn't along when the Caravan flew yesterday to Nicaragua.
The plan did not specifically say rail, but that is what Mr. Arnold, Mr. Kiepper and the transit authority staff strongly favor.
In terrible time pressure, Lein chose the inferior 24 N-N3 with the point that 24 ... QxN/6; 25 BxPch!, KxB; 26 N-B5ch wins the queen.
Founded in Los Angeles four years ago by the lead vocalist Belinda Carlisle and the rhythm guitarist Jane Wiedlin, the quintet recorded their debut album last spring, and it took more than six months to climb to No.
Mr. Foreman's Don Juan (played by John Seitz) seemed only a bit more human.
That closing, moreover, was the lowest finish for the Dow since 822.
''David admitted to me that I was the only one who understood it.
Uppermost in the mind of every member of the Politburo, and in the leadership of East European countries as well, is the fact that you have got an army leader in Poland.
But Mr. Ramey's baritonal bass and Mr. Allen's hefty baritone sound enough alike to rob the casting of the ideal contrast.
Another surprise: You did not report the wording of the question you asked: ''Do you favor or oppose construction of Westway, the road designed to replace the West Side Highway in Manhattan?''
With used skates you can end up spending $20 on something that looks like a sneaker on a blade.''
Submetering is a combination of the two.
It will soon publish ''Distant Relations,'' a novel by Mexico's Carlos Fuentes.
In its broadest perspectives, anthropology deals with all aspects of human behavior.''
The New England Aquarium in Boston is said to have a ''large book'' on her travels and antics.
A writer since the 1930's, she was noted for her books ''As I Live and Breathe,'' ''It's Greek to Me,'' ''I Just Happen To Have Some Pictures,'' ''You Can't Hardly Get There From Here,'' ''Side by Each,'' and a biography of the religious leader John Wesley.
Case Could Have Broad Impact The case could have broad impact on school districts across the nation that now provide special services for 4 million deaf and other handicapped school youngsters.
Several Congressmen have written to the State Department and Cuban officials about the case, but a State Department official said Cuban authorities had rebuffed all official Government inquiries into the case.
Now, four decades later, it is a reminder of the past and a symbol of the future, for Sam Sebastiani is determined to change the image of his company, the nation's largest family wine business other than Gallo.
''The surface has a lot to do with it,'' she said by telephone from Amelia Island, Fla., where she has resumed training.
Milton Glaser, also from Music and Art, has designed an opening-day poster as part of an alumni fundraising effort.
At 5:03, another correction officer, Gregory Bach, arrived at the eighth floor by elevator - an antiquated one, which moves quite slowly - and saw his fellow officer, who was nearly overcome with smoke.
The museum is open Tuesdays through Saturdays from 10 A.M. to 5 P.M. and Sundays and holidays 1 to 5.
So great was the joy that there was no room for hatred or vengeance; so deep the sense of national liberation that chauvinism never raised its head.
''At first we were angry, 'cause so many people do a little coke it doesn't seem like much, just like smoking a joint.
Mathias, the Maryland Republican who headed the eight-member bipartisan committee, said the basic problem with Abscam was that it was ''not tightly supervised and monitored.''
The Star, like other afternoon papers that concentrate on a base city and nearby communities, has been losing readers to suburban competitors, television and other activities.
''This kind of affair gets us going on shaking hands with each other and taking the first steps.''
According to the Federal Trade Commission, the top 200 nonfinancial companies saw their share of nonfinancial assets fall to 38.3 percent in 1977 from 40 percent in 1958.
The hearings will continue Saturday and Monday.
Their complaint was that a film with a big advertising budget like that of ''l'As des As,'' perhaps five times as large as that of Mr. Demy's film, keeps people away from movies like ''Une Chambre en Ville.''
Endo's Marketing Funds Mr. Arenson said that one of the problems has been the restrictive method with which the company finances promotion of the drug.
The appeals court's rationale was that a company that paid an insurance premium contracted to have its entire risk covered, regardless of whether the ''injury'' that triggered the coverage occurred only in part during the policy period and did not become evident until later.
President Hafez al-Assad of Syria, in particular, made a sweep of the Arabian Peninsula to gain support for his proposal for the United Nations to impose sanctions on Israel if it does not revoke its annexation.
Wants House 'to Poke and Pry' To enable the House of Commons ''to poke and pry without hindrance,'' Mr. Baker seeks ''the termination of the Government's nearly absolute authority'' to control questions brought before the House and its 21 standing committees.
* Atlantic Richfield Co.'s president, W.F.
A few years ago, the Food and Drug Administration attempted to ban saccharin under the Delaney clause.
With the newsroom in an uproar, petitions for and against Mr. Evans were circulating, and production of the paper was delayed by meetings of various factions.
Mitzi Jeanne Schroeder, overseas program coordinator for Refugee Programs of the United States Catholic Conference in Washington, was married yesterday to Roger A. Brooks, an economic policy analyst for the Heritage Foundation, an independent public policy research organization, also in Washington.
Moreover, Mr. Holdridge said he told the Chinese that the Administration's decision to sell additional Northrop F-5E fighters to Taiwan was open-ended and that the United States remained free to sell additional equipment such as all-weather radar and advanced air-to-air missiles to Taiwan.
But it's not working well.''
The party-line vote of 54 to 45 was a victory for the Reagan Administration and Republican legislators and a defeat for the Democrats, particularly liberals, who lost the battle over new reductions in social programs.
So, by default, the festival's opening event was a program by female vocalists ''celebrating the first instrument'' Monday evening at the Jazz Gallery, 55 West 19th Street, where afternoon panels and evening concerts will take place through Saturday.
Tight security was imposed in and around Morocco's ancient religious capital.
Crime by ''us'' is always something else.
These are the priority House races for both parties.
Perhaps this era, this time, cannot support her in quite the manner to which she has been accustomed.
In a 1980 visit to West Germany and West Berlin, he called for German help to recover Jerusalem for the Arabs.
Craig, a resident of North Easton, Mass., played with the Boston Bruin farm team at Erie, Pa., last season.
There is little question that promising young directors starting to ply their craft now will push to their limits with what's been given.
The police said they surprised a suspect in the shooting of a New Jersey trooper and arrested him without a struggle at his home today.
There have been political upheavals as well as scientific breakthroughs since Friedrich Durrenmatt's ''The Physicists'' was first produced on Broadway in 1964.
They cry out for attention.
Of these, 150 with 450 warheads would be within range of NATO Europe.
So I said, 'How many of you guys are doing your job for the sheer pleasure of it?'
But I think to try to lock those elements in a little tighter would be better for listening.
Mr. Barton said that, as far as he knew, none of the countries, including the United States, had put any constraints on the oil technology that was being offered to the Chinese.
If we had a bakery in every store I'd be done for.
Said Potvin : ''I can't believe when it comes down to the crunch, I won't get mor e ice time.
Insurance will also be required for what the agency termed ''non-sudden accidental occurrences,'' or leaks of toxic chemicals that could slowly poison people living nearby.
A Government spokesman said Mr. Mubarak would send a message to Reagan in a few days stating his views.
spokesman, said that Ronald Floyd White, 38, had been linked to all three abductions.
Jim Simons, an 11th-year pro who has won two tour events, and Hal Sutton, the 1980 United States Amateur champion, were tied for second at 137.
Mrs. Thatcher's strategy is complicated by sharp differences of opinion -among Conservatives as well as opposition politicians - that lurk just beneath the surface unity of the House of Commons.
It's been merged with another program and is in there at much greater money than it has ever had before.
The A's got three runs in the seventh.
Mr. La Guardia is waving his hat in the air.
Intelligent policy requires sophisticated knowledge of the problems at hand.
Their success paved the way for many other reference books.
Almost five years ago, when The Country Tavern was reviewed here, it merited two stars.
A Weeping Victim Moments later at a two-family home next door at 86-10 Shore Parkway, the gunmen broke down the door of Philip Scherma, a retired contractor, and his wife, Anna.
He had won a skirmish but lost the war.
Steinbrenner is scheduled to arrive Tuesday night.
These were subtle problems, and no doubt in its fourth traversal of the cycle and in the succeeding five concerts of this one, the quartet's playing will change.
''They've said they won't even ask for a board seat,'' Mr. Liedtke said.
''I'm not certain that this budget is going to help the President's image with the poor-@ and middle-class Americans,'' said Senator Howard M. Metzenbaum, Democrat of Ohio.
The McSurelys said over the weekend that their lives had been scarred by 15 years of fighting the Government.
The company's shares traded at about $19 a share before the Whittaker offer was announced on Monday and in the last year have traded between $22.50 and $13 a share.
M.H., Highland Park, N.J. Answer: First, you need a copy of the Planned Real Estate Development Full Disclosure Act regulations.
''T he Y has worked with refugees overseas for a century butdomestically we've been at it only two years,'' he said.
One travel agent told of a man who flies from New York to California weekly, customarily going nonstop.
Lease Was Renegotiated The top consultant's award listed was $50,000 to Greiner Maltz & Company to renegotiate the lease of the Coastal Dry Dock and Repair Corporation.
An eighth subpoenaed witness, Cynthia Boston, is being sought.
But Orpheus, who is a hack choreographer, is too preoccupied with his Sony Walkman.''
The oppressed rich rebel's role is not a flattering one for Miss Lee, but the character has most of the prime lines and the actress tosses them off with spunk.
Instead he came to Washington, where, from 1938 to 1942, he periodically met a Soviet agent he knew only as Michael Green.
It is on the 40,000-square-foot site that once was to have been developed as an Alexander's store, then as a luxury rental and then as a rental with 20 percent lower-income apartments.
Naturally, the legislation was considered unnecessary.
Moreover, the lone Republican holding a district seat, Angelo J. Arculeo of Brooklyn, has a Democatic challenger, Sal F. Albanese, who some officials believe is capable of winning.
Here then, in the order that the Belmont linemaker established when entries were drawn Thursday, is the Belmont field: Conquistador Cielo (3-1) is the wild card of this Belmont.
Call 212-534-1672, extension 206, for further information.
To the Editor: G. E. Kidder Smith believes that the full potential of Roosevelt Island will not be realized until an automotive bridge links it directly to Manhattan (letter Nov. 20).
Most of the quarter's antiquities and treasures are gifts brought by pilgrims in honor of their trip to the holy places.
According to Aggie tradition, the head yell leader always attends summer camp with the Aggie football team and takes the regular drills.
Security Pacific's Miss Cooper, expressing what has now become a widely shared view, said she now expects an economic recovery to begin by early 1983 with December, or ''possibly November,'' proving the recession's final month.
At 48, Pickett is a soft-spoken millionaire whose Southwestern accent and colloquialisms warm his conversation.
We made one mistake last season when Larry Smith failed to report, and we bowed to the pressures of a couple of thousand fans who yelled we should give him more money.
Of course there were sacrifices involved in such a single-minded pursuit of musical excellence.
Once the account is established the balance can be written down to $2,500.
She is almost frighteningly well groomed, as if she had followed every beauty hint ever given.
About half of Brooklyn's population is black or Hispanic.
This apparently subtle difference is significant because it preserves the independence of the university in the pursuit of unclassified knowledge -an essential and proven balance for the wellbeing of our nation.
Pat Leahy's failed field-goal attempts of 30 and 24 yards in the first half put an early lead in jeopardy.
SHE was careful to scrutinize the work and the lives of other women who wrote, and she paid particular attention to those whose sexual choices were at odds with hers.
Mr. Volcker has expressed fear in the past that loosening up the Fed's reins on the money supply might aggravate inflation.
Among examples of what the article called questionable practices were these: - Representative John J. Rhodes of Arizona, the former Republican leader of the House, used $11,272 in surplus campaign funds to pay for two oil portraits of himself.
Business programs as a whole tend to be both more complicated and more expensive than home-use programs -often leading in turn to more problems.
While boarding the Shanghai flight, I wondered what sort of trinket would be served up instead of a meal.
Fruit, candy and cider were served for children and their parents in the engine rooms of the community's five fire stations, which were decorated with crepe paper and paper pumpkins.
Mr. Sharafat, whose reports have proved accurate in the past, put the civilian deaths in the hundreds.
A veto could bring Federal layoffs early this week; it would bring Congress back in to pass another bill.
In all, eight men cleared 7-5 and 16 made 7-3 3/4.
Now, after expanding in scope from the initial grouping of five police departments, the Crime Analysis Union links virtually every police department in the county and some neighboring communities into a common effort to track the mobile criminal.
Mr. Gray conducts has personal life discreetly and in a style befitting an international empire builder.
To the Business Editor: Given that the coal market is suffering from overproduction and lack of demand, its overall prospects are much brighter than the bearish evaluation given by Robert D. Hershey Jr. in ''Coal - The Other Glut'' (May 16).
Too short, no matter which team wins.
Mr. Clark, although sympathetic to the conservative philosophy, conceded that he had stepped out of the traditional neutral role of the state chairman and had encouraged Mr. Regan to announce his gubernatorial candidacy early ''to send a message to the Conservative Party.''
''We are much more organized in the way we track expenditures, and cost controls are far superior to what they were even five years ago.''
Even towns without such colorful foreign antecedents have an individuality of architecture and setting.
Mr. Walters testified today that he and Mr. Locke had divided $5,000 from a man who wanted a job with the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority and that they and Mr. Locke's brother, Alan, had split a kickback from a contractor.
''How long did it take to investigate Watergate, or what happened in Vietnam?''
He said that the plan ''offends the 14th and 15th Amendments of the United States Constitution.''
Such estimates, echoed by other officials, would indicate profits running upward from $24 million a year for the 1,000 vendors operating at present in Manhattan.
While previous discoveries of amphibian, bird and reptile fossils in Antarctica have established the theory of continental drift beyond any scientific doubt, no mammals had been found there until now.
Today they get $42 a day for meals, and eat out.''
''For the most part, when there's an accident or someone is stricken, there isn't a doctor in the house.''
Our host told us it would be only 15 miles to Thetford.
However, not to be outdone, Kafer offers dining facilities on its second floor with many small rooms for private parties, each done in different style ranging from Bavarian to rococo, in addition to an equally extensive variety of food.
''Fifty million dollars for Roberto Suarez,'' another officer said,'' is like $200 for you and me.''
''That convicted prisoners are routinely warehoused for weeks on end in less than human atmosphere is deplorable,'' Judge Castano said in his ruling on a suit brought by Howard Moskowitz, an attorney for the New Jersey Civil Liberties Union.
DIFFERENT DRUMMER Joe Chambers has what it takes to be the all-round jazz musician.
--------------------------------------------------------------------- Richard Levine and Carlyle C. Douglas
Wards Cove Packing Company, all cans coded on top line beginning with the letter W, followed by numbers between 152 and 274, followed by the letter A, B, T, M, J, L, N, S or K. Also, all Wards Cove Packing Company cans in which the top line begins with R, M, P or C, followed by one or three numbers, followed by a letter, and with the bottom line beginning with the letter W. Petersburg Fisheries Inc., cans coded on top line, beginning with either RGM, RGN, PGM, PGN, MGN, KGN or CGN.
Now the couple may indulge in delightful lines like ''We have to stop meeting like this.''
MOTHER NATURE went on a rampage Tuesday and dashed gardeners' hopes of a gentle spring.
When I'd say something to Bill (Jennings), he'd just shrug his shoulders and smile, as if Patterson was just a cute kid who could do no wrong.''
yesterday was the third most active issue and advanced 2 3/8 points to a new high of 95 1/8.
The suits involve more than $100 million in assets that have been missing, seized or otherwise contested.
Other losers included Teledyne, which dropped 1, to 118; Datapoint, off 1 3/8, to 12 1/4, and Motorola, down 3/4, to 61.
- B.H.J., West Orange, N.J. A.
If you'd taken a stroll along Publishers Row during the past 10 days, you'd have seen a number of residents wearing a California tan and an unusual expression of puzzled delight.
''They've done a strikingly good job of educating successful women.''
But what was even more extraordinary was his innate dignity.
After the first 20 minutes of play, the 22 players just passed the ball back and forth, waiting for the final whistle.
The 1984 Election The present Government was elected in 1980 for a four-year term.
I wouldn't be surprised to see it come back in the second half of this year.
However, I suspect that the excitement all of us feel while watching ''Frances'' is not unlike the reaction of critics to Miss Farmer's work when she was acclaimed for ''Come and Get It'' in 1936.
About 1,000 lease applications covering three million acres of wilderness are pending and could be acted upon in the one-year period unless Congress approves new legislation.
''You may be the Lou Gehrig of professional hockey,'' someone said.
''In the last year we have been invited to compete for major chunks of general market business.
''The only one getting paid more than me to play golf,'' he said during his retirement, ''is Arnold Palmer.''
The record is held by a Louis XV corner cupboard, sold at Sotheby's in 1979 for $1.8 million.
Mr. Shad, his voice tense with emotion, said that, following charges last March about his participation in the Rule 415 decision, he had obtained an opinion from the commission's general counsel that his financial ties did not pose a conflict of interest or otherwise bar him from participating in the decision.
It is generally acknowledged by those familar with the many farm preservation programs that Massachusetts, which started its progarm at the same time as Connecticut, probably has the most effective system, having purchased more than 10,000 acres on 38 farms by utilizing $20 million from the sale of state bonds.
Emhart computer people then ran the tapes over phone lines to Indianapolis to an Emhart unit with an august I.B.M.
And the wives of the Republican Senators Robert F. Dole and John G. Tower have Presidential appointments.
''There are two positive reasons and one negative one,'' he said.
Dr. Everett Bodge performed the ceremony at the First Congregational Church in Nantucket, Mass.
But, briefly, we're soaring on the upward sweep.
The new top is a satin bra t hat fits over a gauzy blouse.
Use the spare tortilla, broken into pieces, to patch empty spaces around the overlapping tortillas.
On the other hand, the editor has repeatedly showed himself capable of reversing Zuckerman, who makes a great show of playing editorial acolyte to Whitworth's guru.
"The Government insists there are trained personnel prepared to take over the linguistic program," Mr. Eddy said.
As to which of these two strong men represents the real views of the President, everyone has a guess.
Essentially, though, ''Cats'' is lighthearted, and its point, according to Mr. Nunn, was Eliot's, too: that ''Cats are very much like you.''
As for the repertory system, that offers, she said, a ''built-in maximum flexibility of attendance'' for subscribers, who can choose to see three shows in one week.
''Conrail has been a disaster,'' he said.
Ruling on 'Shield' Is Put Off However, the judge delayed until next week a determination on the broader question of whether the reporter was protected by a provision in the State Constitution that shields journalists from prosecution if they refuse to divulge certain unpublished information or confidential sources.
Cincinnati took a 14-3 halftime lead on Anderson's touchdown pass to Verser, and a 1-yard run by Johnson at the end of a 63-yard drive.
The wedding is planned for Sept. 12.
The Orff had its moments, too.
The employees, members of the coin department of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, were charged with stealing more than $60,000 in coins and currency.
To achieve such legislative changes by customary means would require hundreds of separate bills, and that would have raised the productivity rating of the present Congress.
Exchanging one eight-card fit for another proved to be a very wise move.
Another tells of the life and music of the great composer of the Yiddish theater Sholom Secunda, who wrote ''Bei Mir Bist du Schon,'' and it is done in conjunction with publication of a book about him by Victoria Secunda.
Professor Tobin is willing to do it only... Prof. Bell.
Whereas the choreography was tough and funky, Mr. Evans was just too nice.
Mr. Tirulakis, the Mayor's aide, recommended a local cheese called graviera (unfamiliar, unlike the other cheeses - kefaloteri, feta and a local blue variety).
Pepsi said it believed that caffeine-free colas would expand the market as the diet brands have.
The question most fans find baffling is: How could a player with all those credentials, an athlete Bob Cousy once called ''the best playmaker alive,'' fall so far so soon after dazzling the N.B.A.
''He represents their dreams and hopes for a secure, dignified end of a long journey, as he puts it.''
If so, how long did he play major league baseball?
official, who also requested anonymity, questioned whether the presence of investment bankers caused a country undergoing a debt rescheduling to get better terms since most of the rescheduling decisions were dictated by the creditors anyway.
It seems a good question for good people to debate, but in a world like this there's no audience for Lincoln and Douglas.
While the T-top Camaros are the most visible part of G.M.
A constructive approach to New Federalism should carry with it the possibility for local tax cuts rather than increases.
The Israeli commission, headed by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, Yitzhak Kahan, has no power of prosecution or punishment, but its findings could lead to resignations, dismissals and political changes in the Government.
's dominance of the computer industry.
In calling on Israel for a freeze on new settlements, Mr. Reagan did not say what, in his view, would happen to the approximately 30,000 Israelis who have already settled in the West Bank and Gaza areas.
Even more obscure is someone such as Zoilo Versalles, a shortstop with the Minnesota Twins, Los Angeles Dodgers and Atlanta Braves from 1959 to 1971, who was one of the best of his generation and in 1965 was voted the American League's Most Valuable Player.
But in the electoral race, four political parties to the right of the Christian Democrats emerged victorious, winning 36 of the 60 assembly seats in the March 28 elections.
Williams and company might be in the line of succession.
Drafting Group Two - 10 A.M. and 3 P.M.
Social Security (was the other) extremely important issue.
''Think of the 13 Carey children.''
It based its finding on a long-awaited study by the Environmental Protection Agency that was released here today.
Released in 1948 from postwar imprisonment, he pursued a successful career in the steel industry.
Foster's basket with 2:45 left in regulation enabled Fairfield (3-7) to tie the game at 48-48.
The fire was electrical in origin, the police said.
Soon after, it was moved to declare the Governor nominated by acclamation.
There wasn't a bad sentence in his last hundred days.
'Shipping Out Resumes' ''We had been living with an understanding that this could happen for about a month,'' Mr. Schoen said.
Keeler ai ms not only to solve but to exploit.
There is often an element of provincialism in ''favorite son'' candidates such as Mr. Marino and Mr. Cohalan, but they have to be taken somewhat seriously because Nassau and Suffolk represent 19 percent of the state committee's weighted vote and up to a quarter of the vote in a statewide Republican primary.
Hours after residents of the apartments fled from their homes in night clothes, smoke was still rising from the devastated buildings.
West Beirut has become quiet lately, and Ibrahim Koleilat, chief of the Mourabitoun, has suggested that thousands of his followers may put away their automatic rifles and heavy weapons if the Government shows signs of respecting west Beirut's Moslem community.
In addition to Mrs. Harris, the four other victims were identified by the police as Frank Harris, 4 years old, the suspect's brother; Marcella Harris, 2, the suspect's niece, and Lamont Vega and Alfred Trotman, both 3, for whom Mrs. Harris had been baby-sitting.
''It doesn't matter what they say.
I had rather watch tides come and go from the merest muddy fingerling of a cove off a creek off a river off a bay off an ocean than own Golden Pond.
The Kroger Company, the second-largest food retailer after Safeway Stores, said in Cincinnati that it had agreed to divest itself of 65 California-based Market Basket stores in exchange for up to 2.65 million shares of Kroger common and an undisclosed amount of cash.
There may be nothing he can do.
''Swamp Thing'' does have the virtue of being single-mindedly hokey, though it's a far more elaborate production than either ''Last House on the Left'' or ''The Hills Have Eyes.''
''We know that at seven days after pasteurization there is a lessening in quality, even with milk properly refrigerated at 45 degrees,'' he said.
Governor Hunt observed after the meeting that early events in small states gave relatively unknown candidates a chance to make headway in the race, an opportunity that they would lack in big states.
At the end of the 19th century, it was completely rebuilt in its present baronial style by Lord Ardilaun, the son of Sir Benjamin Lee Guinness, who had bought it in 1852.
One was the availability in the Burlington area of a well developed influenza surveillance system that is financed by the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Md.
A seed pan might be placed on a radiator for bottom heat -with an insulating board in between.
''We haven't done anything wrong,'' she said.
Lord Janner is also survived by his wife, Lady Elsie, and a daughter, Ruth, Lady Morris of Kenwood.
Speer and Terry Wolters were third in a Porsche 935.
A Loss to Rockefeller His years of greatest influence in the Senate were during the administration of Governor Dewey, who supported him for majority leader despite his occasional opposition to the Governor.
With Mexico's incoming President promising a ''moral renovation'' of society after he takes office Dec.1, demands are mounting for an investigation of rumors that corruption has flourished in Petroleos Mexicanos, the huge state oil monopoly, over the past six years.
SCOTT W. GOLLOP Bronx --------------------------------------------------------------------- The Times welcomes letters from readers.
The wealthy are again shopping at Goodie's, where French champagne, imported brie and tinned delicacies are filling up shopping carts.
''It all depends which side Cincinnati wants to hit me on.''
If Pop Mackinnon may be taken as an example, lawyers also respond dangerously (like the rest of us) to new and unexpected information.
Nearly 10 years ago, the building was torn down to make way for the church's new home on the same corner, as part of the Citicorp complex.
''Thank you,'' it says after you have complied.
Thus, the barriers to educational choices would be lessened for all families, especially those with middle or lower income wage earners who find the private system unaffordable.
The father's charge, made in an interview, followed a statement by Mr. Marcos over the weekend that Tommy Manotoc presented no problem to the Presidential family since he was still the husband of Aurora Pijuan, a former international beauty contest winner whom he married in 1971.
''This is the first time we've been here,'' he said.
The prisoner is then fingerprinted and his subsequent indentification is automatically fed into the department's warrant division to see if he is wanted in any other crime.
Morningside Heights, Manhattan Valley 9,857 6,696 217 447 70.
''But he needs to build up the shoulder muscle.
Mr. Lal interviewed some of the most distinguished scientific, literary and political figures of the 20th century, including Albert Einstein, Mohandas K. Gandhi, Sherwood Anderson, Sinclair Lewis, H.L.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
His new band members and several guest musicians have managed to fashion a richer, more distinctive sound than the knee-jerk new wave rock on ''Catholic Boy.''
My mother adored picnics and she thought nothing of driving 100 miles for a picnic.''
''I told him I appreciated hearing from him but that I'd fight him all the way,'' Mr. Conte said.
Trucks carrying soldiers and captured vehicles, decorated with banners and portraits of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, moved over the roads.
Some analysts predict that if the Federal funds rate, which banks charge other banks on overnight loans, holds steady, more banks could lower their prime rates next week.
He seems to take issue with only a handful of the thousands of sites protected by the commission.
and the Sheltering Arms for Orphans shared the same side of the street.
Mr. Roemer said legal objections could be raised if the police had broadcast pleas for information on activities that were not against the law, or if the information was used to justify indiscriminate searches of residences, ''but the police didn't do that,'' Focus on Street-Level User ''There were no kingpins that were taken down,'' Sergeant Bass said.
Volume contracted to 38.8 million shares.
On the first pitch to the pinch-hitter Gary Gaetti, Jim Essian, the Mariner catcher, picked Ron Washington off third base.
Many regional analysts nevertheless believe that the community will be short-lived.
''They're making no secret of the fact that they're going to show the U.S. that they aren't dependent on this country for food and that no sanctions can make them change their actions.''
In addition, Mr. Haig said the United States wanted to ''strengthen the authority of the central government and bring about a rapprochement, if you will, of the various factions in Lebanon.''
''To judge this horse, I think you should wait until the end of the year,'' Eddie Gregson said.
And 1982 might be the first profitable year in the past four.
When asked whether he was suggesting a more assertive Western European military policy, the French President answered, ''I think the evolution of technologies that exist today permit us to approach this problem in escaping the dilemmas and vicious circles that very often have hemmed in the leaders of our two countries.''
Cash prices have fallen because of the reduced demand, Mr. Levitt said, ''and pressure on the wholesale beef market caught up today.''
Mr. Koch said Mr. Lehrman ''has no conception of what he's talking about on this issue.''
He wrote the popular ''The Crock of Gold,'' published in 1912.
Walker, 42, has been a scout and a minor league manager in the Yankee organization since 1966.
''The reason that we all felt that we should get together and try to have a bipartisan result was that his program didn't work and his new budget was not acceptable, not only to many Democrats, but also to many Republicans,'' Mr. Bolling declared.
Lendl refused to use the weather as an excuse.
Iraq also threatened the Persian Gulf states, an expert said, sending agents through the area to incite fellow Shiite Moslem minorities in Saudi Arabia and elsewhere.
Rudy Robinson of the North Shore Track Club won the New York Road Runners Club's fourth annual four-mile Benefit Run in 19 minutes yesterday in Central Park.
The report estimated that the head restraints eliminate 65,000 whiplash injuries a year.
In the Midwest, we have some peculiar clerk language: ''There you go,'' has replaced ''thank you.''
When he asked a nurse for a wheelchair, she said, ''You've got that assignment.
Or, on the bright side, companies all over America might suddenly start working as furiously and effectively as their competitors in Japan.
- James A. Abrahamson, a NASA official.
You don't need Steinbrenner on your butt, too.
Njego Pesa scored for Tulsa in the 23d minute tonight, deflecting in a weak shot by Barry Wallace that had been off target.
For Entertainment Events, see page C14.
To these people, she said, ''a teenager was somebody who would come into the apartment with the transistor radio blaring, who would look under the bed and steal everything in sight.''
The outfielder batted safely in four of those games, hitting at a .450 clip, and also drove in four runs.
For their own survival or for the survival of their families, they leave home or are pushed out.
His grandparents say he has fared better than his mother.
''And even if events do move that fast, the problem of contributions to local service can be handled by the F.C.C.
Similar top width can look unbalanced when paired with very short, skinny skirts, as it was throughout the Italian collections.
The chairman of the committee will be Dr. Sidney Weinberg, the county's first and only Chief Medical Examiner, who is retiring after having served in the post since 1960.
In 1978 he underwent surgery for a torn rotator cuff in his right shoulder.
''This show's questions will be much more demanding.''
The last two Knick-Bullet games in Landover, Md., packed the fans into the Capitol Centre, obviously helped by the attractive pairings of Aaron Pryor and Alexis Arguello on Nov. 12 and Thomas Hearns and Wilfred Benitez on Dec. 3; both fights were shown on closed-circuit television as part of the price of admission to the basketball games.
A. Chrysler was the 10th-largest corporation in the country.
Congress will continue its post-election recess this week.
''We don't compete with each other.''
All B-52 targets were photographed by my reconnaissance aircraft prior to strike.
When you people an entire film with creatures, you must have absolute reality.''
We played five games and scored only seven runs.
Last year, Freightliner sold about 10,000 trucks in the United States for a 10 percent market share in its class.
The Dow Chemical Company said yesterday that it would withdraw from a $1.5 billion joint-venture agreement with the Saudi Basic Industries Corporation to build a huge petrochemical complex in Jubail.
DeCamp will increase its pension contribution 5 cents an hour each year.
THE EXTRA-TERRESTRIAL STORYBOOK, by William Kotzwinkle.
The administrative law judge, Montgomery Hyun, declared essentially that other factors, such as the ease with which new competitors could enter any given market, also had to be taken into account when deciding such cases.
From what foreign participants in the film have disclosed, and from glimpses of the shooting at Mosfilm, the production will reproduce much of the drama that seizes readers of Reed's classic account of the revolution, ''Ten Days That Shook the World.''
Goss trusts neither of them, and the pair turn on him as a possible suspect as well.
Hold it in both hands, slightly inclined, and scrape carefully toward yourself.
If the stock market, as measured by the various averages, should rise, the gains on the porfolio should offset the loss on the futures.
Besides singles, she is also entered in the doubles (with Kathy Rinaldi) and for the first time will play mixed doubles with her younger brother, John.
Announcement Came Suddenly The Press declined to provide precise figures on its current losses.
In fact, the experts say, there is not even a reliable estimate on the number of programs offered throughout the country.
Angry reaction to the letter flowed in today from members of Congress, Jewish organizations and others.
's Catholic Center, 58 Washington Square South, concert by the Musica Reservata, including works by Orff and Schoenberg.
After all, inching up a steep cliff with only a narrow crack to provide foot and hand holds isn't to everyone's taste.
Despite the junta's growing desire for a diplomatic solution, there was little indication that it was willing to make a major concession on the crucial issue of sovereignty over the islands.
A call by Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, Democrat of New York, to ''stand by Britain'' has been favorably reported here.
One Western diplomat, who asked not to be named, said this would be an ideal situation for the Russians.
The pending amnesty seems to be part of Peking's new psychological strategy to end longstanding hostilities with the Nationalists and regain Taiwan through peaceful reunification rather than military action.
Settings of ''O Magnum Mysterium'' by Jacob Handl and Cristobal de Morales, Latin carols arranged by Praetorius and works by Johann Eccard, Brahms and Mendelssohn; Canby Singers, directed by Edward Tatnall Canby.
---- Mubarak Tells of Habib Goals Special to the New York Times CAIRO, Dec. 2 - President Hosni Mubarak said today that Philip C. Habib, the United States special envoy, was seeking a simultaneous withdrawal of all foreign armies from Lebanon by the end of the month.
Before the trip, hardly any of the team's members had heard much about Japan.
The bomb, described by William Tobin, a fire patrolman, as about the size of a coffee can, was taken by police bomb experts to the disposal site at the Rodmans Neck police range in the Bronx.
Democrats were the partisan victims of gerrymandering in Indiana while Republicans were the losers in California.
Norman Jenkins, a lawyer for the Management Council, said that Upshaw and Bethea were named in the management allegation ''as the officers, agents and representatives of the union who did the alleged threatening.''
He has a heck of a career ahead of him and he's hurting it.
It is largely a compendium of stills and set designs from the Swedish productions of his plays at the Royal Dramatic Theater in Stockholm.
His father is president and chief executive officer of the McCann-Erickson Worldwide advertising agency.
Spending Levels Compared States with special fraud units spent, on the average, 0.17 percent of their Medicaid budgets for antifraud activities.
''I've never heard of him - it's terrible,'' said Joan Johnson, a professor of food service technology at Morrisville College.
United States racers took six of the top 15 positions, led by Tamara McKinney's third place.
But he does not view this as evidence of a long-term manpower shortage.
A sniper opened fire on a guard post at the Quantico Marine Corps Base today, critically wounding a sentry, a Marine spokesman said.
''So many people were coming in to buy bridal gifts, we said, 'Why not have a registry?'
This week's largest electric revenue issue in the tax-exempt market was $165 million of A1-rated South Carolina Public Service Authority bonds: They were offered with a maximum yield of 13.06 percent for bonds due in 2022, through Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb Inc.
On that day, Judge Edward R. Neaher ruled that the election of two atlarge members from each borough violated the constitutional one-man, one-vote provision because of the wide differences in the boroughs' populations.
''Under the agreement we will share legal custody of Patrick, who is 15 years old and who attends school near Boston, where I will maintain my primary residence,'' Mrs. Kennedy said in a statement issued by her lawyers in New York.
With its excellent rhythm section and arrangements that include pungent saxaphone and West Indian percussion, The English Beat gives ska a hard, syncopated edge and the sensual texture of hot jazz.
Heyward finished with 172 yards on 28 carries and increased his season total to 148 points, second only to the state leader, Mike Morgan of Bergen Catholic, who has 156 points.
he's growing up into a man.''
At the same time, a number of cities that have monitored the Hudson's improvement - many of them suffering from shrinking tax bases and declining population - believe their economic lifeline is tied to the river.
Ultimately, Cabinet secretaries may appeal to President Reagan.
Mrs. Harris, 57 years old, says she has considered running because of her conviction that Washington does not function as well as it could.
His order says that if the Justice Department and A.T.& T. do not agree to them within 15 days, the antitrust trial will resume.
Those agreements were abrogated by Iran after the overthrow of the Shah.
''Thursday he'd say hello, Friday he was civil and Saturday he was downright pleasant.''
THE STORY OF A LIFE, by Konstantin Paustovsky.
SAUL RESNICK Director, Media Communications Conrail Philadelphia, July 20, 1982
On an island where joblessness is so prevalent that there is even a union of unemployed college graduates, few of the Ilois have managed to secure a steady income.
Reports From Abroad Curbed Furthermore, any committee or individuals coming to Turkey without invitation will have to obtain martial law authorization if they want to make contact with Turkish associations, professional institutions, trade unions, foundations and similar organizations.
Nyons olives are larger, blacker and meatier than the tiny reddish-black olives of Nice and, as some connoisseurs suggest, they can almost replace meat they're so hearty and filling.
But it is interesting, with some small, amazingly detailed wood ornaments by Abraham Miller, the Polish-born carver responsible for the garlands in the style of Grinling Gibbons decorating the library.
If you don't, someone else will use theirs and beat you.
The Conference Board of Canada said that 47.8 percent of the senior executives polled predicted that the economy would deteriorate further, compared with 40.2 percent in the last survey three months ago.
In ''American Graffiti'' they drove right past those problems in cars as expensive as the furniture in our apartments.
than is in the works at Ford.
There are about 840,000 properties in the city.
In second place was Zane Palmer, 20, of Steamboat Springs, Colo.
With sales now amounting to 70 million pounds annually, the country has had ample opportunity to monitor the health and environmental effects of the additive.
(Red) McCombs, a San Antonio businessman.
To the Editor: Once again the United States has chosen to use food as a weapon against an adversary, this time the military regime in Poland.
Those who know his urban-jungle classic, ''The Road of the Phoebe Snow,'' will recognize the same vibrant pulse and capsulization of big-city rhythms.
However, three others had been left with only the Liberal line, and the remaining two were off the ballot entirely.
These moves are especially gratifying to RID members, who had been dissatisfied with previous legislation and its enforcement.
Such a technique requires stable interest rates, and it was successfully used in August 1976 when the 8 percent notes due in 1986 attracted more than $20 billion of tenders.
They didn't even get dirty, unless they were aiming for a target.
But even as regards the four-power status of the geographically isolated city of Berlin, the West was not able to prevent the Wall from being erected, nor could the West have it torn down afterwards.
This tour meets in Manhattan at 49th Street and Broadway, northwest corner, to take the subway (a short ride) to Astoria.
The merger ceremony, led by Dr. David Axelrod, the State Commissioner of Health, were filled with praise for Governor Carey, who said four years ago that he would seek emergency financial relief for both hospitals with the primary goal of insuring the survival of Brooklyn Jewish, which is sponsored by the Federation of Jewish Philanthropies of New York.
To get a young student to class on time there's a digital watch inside a red plastic heart that fastens on a belt or blouse.
I think there will be a readjustment period for the fans.
The Future of the Phalangist Militia Even if all foreign forces do eventually pull out - a very big if - what then is to become of the Phalangist militia and the mini-state, with its ports, taxes and institutions, built up over the last seven years in East Beirut?
He Help Plan for Merger The new leader was a member of the panel that drafted the plan to reunite the United Presbyterian Church with the 850,000-member Presbyterian Church in the United States.
At the same time as one squadron of at least 10 Israeli planes was bombarding west Beirut, another group was blasting Syrian outposts dug into a string of villages in the central Bekaa Valley.
The Aramis Line But undaunted by competitors' skepticism, Aramis, another Lauder company, built a luxury grooming line for men around a fragrance that had been popular since the mid-1950's.
Parishioners who oppose plans by St. Bartholomew's Church to lease part of its land for a 59-story office building said they would continue to fight the project despite its approval by the Episcopal Bishop of New York.
Curb Upheld by Court The army allowed a few selected reporters and photographers to enter Yamit today.
The sponge that impresses us most is one we encountered some time ago in a now out-of-print, 75-year-old bread-making manual published by a flour manufacturer.
Mr. Buck said that effectively organized condominium owners would now also be likely to win other municipal services, such as trash collection snow plowing, that they have been denied.
And Los Angeles ignored a first-inning grand slam by Chambliss to win Sunday's game, 9-4.
Any resemblance to any country's reality is purely coincidental.''
Each of these missiles had a single warhead with 1 to 2 megatons of nuclear charge.
Raymond G. Hunthausen, the Catholic Archbishop of Seattle, for instance, has publicly stated that he would indefinitely withhold half his Federal income tax as a form of protest.
Boxing legend was that Hurricane Jackson, who could neither read nor write, had become a down-and-out shoeshine man, working in the shadow of the old elevated tracks on Jamaica Avenue.
His point was that hearing is even more important than vision, that ''printed words have to carry the bulk of the sales message, headlines should sound good as well as look good ...pictures need quick explanations or they will distract readers.''
The state's other Senator, Donald W. Riegle Jr., also a Democrat, said that Michigan workers would lose 13 weeks of benefits while gaining only 10.
--------------------------------------------------------------------- Andrea Lee, author of ''Russian Journal,'' is a staff writer for The New Yorker.
''There are too many machines in too many places and not enough quarters to go around,'' said Ralph C. Lally 2d, publisher of Play Meter magazine, which follows the coin-operated amusement business.
It also provides a place where you can reflect, an atmosphere that inspires a reverence toward learning.
The present chairman, Hu Yaobang, a protege of Mr. Deng, is already the general secretary.
''Some of the new dishes may be boring or bizarre but I think things will even off and we'll maintain the best without losing our heads.
I hadn't been playing at all in two and a half months, and then I was practicing again in a week and a half.
Mr. Martin, who has nearly completed work on a master's degree in computer engineering, said he began scanning employment advertisements in Electrical Engineering Times, a trade publication, a year ago, looking for a job in the Phoenix area.
Brooklyn Union Gas customers may expect increases of between 6 and 10 percent over the winter months in their heating bills, said Robert Loftus, a spokesman for the utility.
A separate artillery attack in southern Iraq killed or wounded more than 25 Iraqis, the radio said.
Travel agents are kept informed of changes in schedules as well as any bonuses or fare reductions.
''The provisions will reprice acquisitions to some extent, and a few may become uneconomic,'' Martin Lipton, a noted merger specialist with the law firm of Wachtell Lipton Rosen & Katz, predicted.
Similarly, moving along all day at a good clip on snowshoes or skis requires a lot less clothing than that needed by someone watching a ski-jumping event.
His membership in the newly created Central Advisory Commission, which was set up to attract elderly officials into dignified retirement, is not expected to diminish his authority.
''When he gets tired, he gets impatient and doesn't rally with you as much,'' said Purcell.
Salilyn's Private Stock, owned by Robert Gough and Julia Gasow, was gaited to top honors by George Alston today at the Westchester Kennel Club's 65th show on the grounds of Lyndhurst.
By thus making good on a commanding officer's word, the military's highest court upheld military honor.
''We have lost so many beautiful buildings to an architectural mishmash,'' he said.
Nor is there any reliable information on how much a national compensation program might cost or what its overall effects might be.
It's all over - washed up, wiped out - and that, rather than roots and test scores, is what makes the languages that tell the tale of the ancient world indispensable to us.
The three-judge panel, dividing 2 to 1, rejected an argument that the National Labor Relations Act was intended to invalidate such state law provisions and to allow unions to assess nonmembers for a fair share of the costs of representing them.
Rockland County - 19 William St., Pearl River.
The acquisition would give Beatrice a firm hold on Coca-Cola distribution in the lucrative southern California market.
Previously, he had worked for the Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center development fund, the Red Cross and the Greater New York Fund.
said it would leave the city.
He himself currently travels with two new - vintage 1980 - instruments made by Jose Ramirez in Madrid.
He writes as if the Security Council was once something more than an instrument for coordinating occasional consensus among the United States, the Soviet Union, China, Britain and France.
''This notion has no place in our strategy.''
Using the suggested book contract prepared by the guild, the panel will undertake a clause-by-clause examination of its terms and conditions, including delivery, acceptance, rejection, royalties and subsidiary rights.
But they said that Mr. Haig was dubious about the chances for success.
Mr. Randolph's preference should have been explained in advance - if not from the stage, then at least in a program note.
Mr. Johnson said the Georgian called on the former Vice President at his law office, and, as might be expected, they talked about politics and Mr. Jordan's book about the final year of the Carter Administration.
The collection includes two diaries by Himmler's wife and daughter.
As a result, the right player scored the touchdown.
As they did last season, when they upset the Los Angeles Lakers, San Antonio Spurs and Kansas City Kings to reach the finals, the Rockets got the final playoff berth and will open tomorrow night at Seattle in a three-game series in which the SuperSonics have the home-court advantage.
''The girl wants more substance, more values laid down than he is willing to give her,'' explains Shoshana, who is 18 and a freshman at Yale.
Both issues rose slightly in yield.
And some services like mail delivery may never be available, the postman's appointed rounds apparently exclude taking a boat to his destination.
''I would describe our attitude toward the future as apprehensive and anxious.''
And there died St. John, and was buried in a tomb behind the high altar.
--------------------------------------------------------------------- Richard Levine and Carlyle C. Douglas
They may have a cause for concern.
If that does not cover your insurance needs, as is usually the case, you will have to supplement the cash-value policy with a term policy.
Also, under the plan, the state lottery is expected to produce an additional $195 million next year and $280 million more by 1986.
Thursday through Saturday at 8:30 P.M.
Is Dr. Ride thinking of marriage?
Initially, he and other politicians were detained and political parties were suspended.
The auto makers can and do threaten bankruptcies and plant closings in negotiations.
But when the club leaves Florida without me, maybe that's when I'll miss it.
Mr. Voight insisted that this was not just the Social Democratic view but one widely shared among West Germans.
The Justice Department today abandoned an antitrust suit against Mercedes-Benz of North America Inc., saying it had decided not to oppose the company's requirement that dealers sell only company-supplied replacement parts.
''There are really only two dancing schools in town,'' said Mrs. Newell, the dance committee chairman, ''and they generally go to one or the other.
''This is a 'family' effort.
A group of black voters brought suit, arguing that the at-large system unconstitutionally diluted the black vote in the county.
It has not been managed aggressively.
He passed 30 yards to Tony Martinelli in the first quarter, 12 yards to Mike Mooney in the second and 15 yards to Mitch Harrison and 8 yards to Dennis Garrity in the fourth for touchdowns.
''And I feel that every person criminally involved should be prosecuted.
Cancer Care Thrift Shop, 1480 Third Avenue (84th Street), 879-9868; Monday through Saturday, 10 A.M. to 5 P.M.; half day Dec. 31, closed Jan. 1.
And as housing goes - the analysts hope - so will goe the industrial economy, as new home construction trickles renewal down through textiles, appliances and furnishings.
I wasn't going to do anything stupid in a close hockey game.''
It is expected that the fund will be asked about a charge that it ignored formal acquisition procedures and also failed to follow normal disclosure rules.
Mrs. Boxer's three-day fund schedule also included a luncheon with representatives of more than a dozen unions, an evening briefing for 18 committee directors sponsored by Democrats for the '80's, and a $50-a-ticket fund-raising reception.
Men like Professor Burns, Arthur Schlesinger Jr. of the City University of New York, author of the three-volume ''Age of Roosevelt,'' and Frank B. Freidel, a professor at the University of Washington, author of ''Franklin D. Roosevelt,'' of which four of eight volumes have been published.
''But I don't think we can afford to have squatting ducks sit and do nothing.''
But even more important, perhaps, is the fact of his having beaten McEnroe the last four times they have played against each other, including two very prestigious tournaments - in the semifinals of the Volvo Masters in New York (6-4, 6-2), which Lendl went on to win, and in a four-set match (6-2, 3-6, 6-3, 6-3) in the finals of the World Championship Tennis tournament last month in Dallas.
Intended as a sequel to the prestigious ''Rhode Island Architecture'' show mounted by Henry-Russell Hitchcock at the Rhode Island School of Design's Museum of Art in 1939, the entire exhibition is a magnum opus, and it comes with a catalogue of commensurate proportions.
The Soviets haven't chosen to convert churches into museums of the Revolution for no reason.
Vincent Canby Using 'the Power' ZAPPED!, directed by Robert J. Rosenthal; written by Bruce Rubin and Mr. Rosenthal; director of photography, Daniel Pearl; edited by Robert Ferretti; music by Charles Fox; produced by Jeffrey D. Apple; released by Embassy Pic- tures.
From the earliest days of the common law, prospective jurors who were employees of any party in civil or criminal litigation were held unqualified to sit because of that relationship.
''The local military commander sent word for all the people to assemble for his 11 o'clock arrival,'' the document recounted.
The orchestra recently returned from a short tour that included performances in Toronto and at Cornell University.
He said Brazil had been caught up in the general contraction of commercial bank credits to developing nations that has followed the much-publicized debt troubles of Mexico and of Argentina, which has fallen behind in repaying its foreign debt of about $40 billion.
The omnibus spending bill is called a continuing resolution because it is intended to continue financing of Government agencies.
The affair erupted last week when the Diplomat evicted the sheik, charging he failed to pay his bills for May and June.
But for the myriad complications Dr. Clark still faces in the days and weeks ahead, there is one that he does not share with other patients who have had open-heart surgery.
The release of all Poles being held for political reasons was announced by the martial-law authorities, but they said that seven Solidarity leaders among those interned had been formally arrested.
A fictionalized account of the life of an early 19th-century slave trader, a poor white Brazilian who used his friendship with the King of Dahomey to become the richest man in West Africa and the Viceroy of Ouidah, only to die a ruined man.
Since then, K Mart has blossomed into the nation's secondbiggest general merchandise retailer after Sears, while Woolco has floundered.
But in organized ball in school, they must fit into the team concept -passing, playing defense, throwing picks and screens.
Three Indiana telephone numbers were scribbled on the religious pamphlet in the youth's knapsack.
One of the reasons for earmarking civilian aid has been that Egypt's formidable bureaucracy has been painfully slow in carrying out programs.
While stationed in the Pacific during his three years in the service he began to play guitar and write songs.
He conducted clinical studies at Bellevue that led to the development of drugs for the treatment of tuberculosis.
And I guess that's what so important - not that everything we do is recorded but that some of the things we do, where we are accurate, are preserved.
The Sports Illustrated article said Locke recruited 6-9 Wayne Croft in 1971 after having paid Croft's way to a summer basketball camp, also a violation of National Collegiate Athletic Association rules.
The majority of the New York State-chartered savings banks continued to report a loss in the second quarter of this year.
''The paradox is that while there are a number of programs with fund balances, there is still a great unmet need for legal services,'' said Gerald M. Caplan, acting president of the corporation.
''When that went off the air, I cried.''
Only Bulgaria, Czechoslovakia and the Soviet Union, with its huge reserves of raw materials and $10.5 billion of Western debt, still appear to most Western bankers to be viable borrowers.
Pineapple leaves are fed to dairy cattle after enough time has elapsed for the chemicals to dissipate, but apparently some leaves were fed to cows while still contaminated.
A State Supreme Court justice yesterday ruled against District Attorney Robert M. Morgenthau of Manhattan in his lawsuit against the state's Chief Judge, Lawrence H. Cooke.
While the environmental coalition's appeal was being considered, Mr. Kinsey approved construction permits last year for the first two phases of development, a total of 1,653 housing units and some commercial construction, including a 700-room hotel.
Stops in Denmark include Copenhagen and Roskild and in Norway the fjord town of Flaam, Bergen and the Sognefjord.
''A deal is all worked out and I'm so happy,'' she said, ''I'm ecstatic.''
For the first time in decades, the total value of all world trade actually declined last year.
Everybody who made a $5 contribution got a copy of 'My Mother's House,' a reminiscence written especially for the occasion, with an ex libris card with Mrs. Buck's autograph.
She was a planner who helped the town of Greenwich, Conn., establish its zoning a decade ago, and before that she had worked as a regional planner in southwestern Connecticut.
RANGERS SET BACK BRUINS BY 6-4 BOSTON, Feb. 27 (By JAMES F. CLARITY, Special to the New York Times) - Superb goaltending and excellent marksmanship gave the Rangers a 6-4 victory over the Bruins at Boston Garden this afternoon.
Curtees, N.Y. Rodeo World Champions P.R.C.A.
Washington appeared to be on its way to a national championship early in the season.
Her father retired as an administrator with the New York State Supreme Court probation department.
They were afraid I might fall off and get hurt.''
The well-cooked cauliflower in a creamy tomato sauce is likely to convince even the most hardened vegetable hater that cauliflower is good; a small container is $2.50.
But the Islanders were making mistakes and not taking advantage of the chances that Hartford was giving them.
My point on this whole matter is that you can't possibly promise the people of New York a specific income tax cut over an eight-year time frame - and I think Mr. Lehrman has now conceded this - unless you know what the revenues are going to be and unless you're prepared to look at exactly what programs you're going to make substantial savings in.
Miss Caron's character is a former ballet star with a wayward daughter, a fading reputation and a nasty habit that is revealed only late in the story.
Four players tied for second at 283 -Roger Maltbie, who had led the first two rounds; Gil Morgan, who shared the third-round lead with Maltbie; Wayne Levi, and Peter Jacobsen.
's spokesman, Edward Nanas, said in explaining the settlement.
Since the 1973 oil embargo, how has the United States' reliance on members of OPEC changed?
Changing the Court System Others, including Mr. Morgenthau, contend that despite the damage wrought by any litigation, the case has advanced the cause of court reorganization.
And last January in Los Angeles, Bong Huu Bach, the publisher of a small newspaper, was shot at but not hit as he left a restaurant.
''Opportunities for counteroffensives against North Korea, Vietnam, and Soviet coastal areas will be exploited,'' the document says.
''We'll start work on it right after the inauguration,'' Mr. Russert said.
Therefore, he said, all would be released.
Many chemical companies also showed losses, including the Union Carbide Corporation, with earnings off 39 percent.
Wall Street analysts could not recall this happening before in two out of three days.
These prices do not include wine or service.)
The radio also reported that several associates of Hilla Limann, the ousted President, had been taken into custody.
He doesn't think of the Meredith Corporation's Better Homes and Gardens as competition because of its mass market circulation of about 8 million, while Hearst's House Beautiful, with about 858,000, has been nose to nose.
But from our point of view, it is unfortunate it had to come in such numbers this year while we have relatively low production.''
By contrast, he said, just two years ago the division's volume was only $20 million.
Tourism and mining, particularly copper in Arizona and uranium in New Mexico, are also important.
Stories about ordinary people in the New South.
Six persons are to be tried on state murder and robbery charges.
Those involved include the poet-art critics Frank O'Hara and Harold Rosenberg and the painters Franz Kline and Willem de Kooning.
Reception Center: Port Chester J.H.S.
The informal survey in Stamford, conducted by Lehem Felican, a Haitian who is a social worker, counted 2,155 Haitians in that city, 687 of them illegal immigrants.
The Senate felt the Administration had been indecisive in finding a base for the MX missiles.
Open 9 to dusk; a 64-cent donation is requested.
Mr. Walker and 46 of his former advance men arranged a weekend get-together that started with a White House tour, luncheon and dinner today and is to wind up with a Sunday brunch.
Mr. and Mrs. William F. Smith of Duxbury, Mass., have announced the engagement of Mrs. Smith's daughter, Lee Canfield Peck, to Stephen Nye Gifford, son of Mr. and Mrs. Stephen W. Gifford of Dedham, Mass.
Precious metals and financial instrument futures soared in price yesterday as the markets reacted to new signs that the Federal Reserve will continue to let interest rates drop despite surges in the nation's money supply.
''That hurts us,'' said Ramirez, ''because we have very fast players who need space.
Kentucky, its mining and manufacturing slowed, reported 10.9 percent for October, the same as Louisiana, where the chemical, forest and petroleum industries are in a slump along with manufacturing.
When the exhibition closes in New York on Jan. 2 next year, it will move to the Minnesota Museum of Art at Landmark Center in St. Paul, Minn., from Feb. 27 to April 24, and then will be at the Renwick Gallery of the National Museum of American Art in Washington from July 8 to Oct. 10.
And that's why I swear a lot, too.
In the original script, the guy was a homicidal psychopath.
It is a testament to Mr. Butterfield's skill in reporting, his training in Chinese studies and his personal commitment to China.
As far as any countercyclical (or antirecessionary) effect, I don't see it that way at all.
Today's Columns Dividend reinvestment plans seem destined for growth in the 1980's.
If that happens it shows that the valve is defective and should be replaced, preferably with an adjustable one that will permit controlling the rate at which the radiator heats.
The bills can be emotionally as well as financially draining.
The Parks Council, a citywide volunteer organization that has also been active in rehabilitating Bryant Park, will have 150 teen-agers in the park today through Thursday doing landscaping work.
''I put everything on it but the kitchen sink,'' she said.
The Cast CITY LOVERS, directed by Barney Simon; screenplay by Mr. Simon, based on a story by Nadine Gordimer; photography by Paul Ham- bides; edited by Lionel Selwyn; music by Joan Oakley-Smith; production company, TelePool GmbH.
That line is delivered by Lee Richardson, who, while not entirely escaping Michael Redgrave's shadow, is doing fine work as Andrew Crocker-Harris, an aging public-school master at literal and figurative end of term.
Kings 129, Celtics 124 KANSAS CITY, Mo.
The struggle to keep civilization alive in a crumbling empire: fourth volume of s.f.
Thank God that Jose Quintero came along and directed me.
''So very often in presenting our product, we have something to live down - that is, a negative image - before we can begin to live up to something.''
Mr. Hirschfeld says that if the current trend of a shrinking availability of food service leases continues, by the end of the decade the number of restaurants in midtown will be down and food service rents will be 20 percent higher than those charged for other store space.
While the general impression that all neo-conservatives are Jewish is false, it is certainly true that all neo-conservatives are strong supporters of Israel.
as ''the sole legitimate representative of the Palestinian people.''
The farmers were there first, but town houses are more important - right?
This could cost $2,000 to $3,000 per plan for small companies, and considerably more for larger ones.
Refusing to ''negate'' himself, the new hero is perpetually poised on the brink of his own ambiguity.
The cream will not be marketed privately.
Barrie; directed by Stephen Porter; scene design by Roger Mooney; costume design by Sarah G. Conly; lighting design by Walter Uhrman; sound design by Philip Campanella; wigs and hair design by Paul Huntley; production stage manager, Michael S. Mantel.
The St. Louis Symphony, conducted by it music director, Leonard Slatkin, will give two concerts in Carnegie Hall on March 19 and 20 at 8 P.M. On March 19, the program will include Lynn Harrell as soloist in the New York premiere of Donald Erb's Cello Concerto, Shostakovich's Symphony No.
Longdistance service now subsidizes basic monthly service, but longdistance rates will fall as A.T.& T. struggles to compete with new long-line competition.
When he took over The Times, he was permitted to do so by Government monopoly watchdogs only when he agreed to the appointment of several ''national directors.''
Broadway's Music, From Ziegfeld to Today On the music scene, Broadway is taking stage center.
Total victory by military means has become a formula for mutual catastrophe.
Callandrillo, the Big East's top scorer, had 30 points.
Catches of the smaller cod have sometimes gone as high as 200 fish per boat.
He probably should not be playing, except that this was the playoffs.''
Mr. Hinckley glared at the witness, Dr. Park E. Dietz, and mouthed what appeared to be obscenities in his direction, at breaks in the psychiatrist's depiction of him as a selfish, manipulative young man who shunned work for ''high publicity crime.''
He'd better be equally careful, in this new form of recreating events, not to convert too many pop flies into base hits.
The instrument, built by parishoners - G. Roy Brotherhood, with Chrles and Leslie Dickinson - will be featured in a variety of solo and ensemble works, including Byrd, Purcell, Couperin and Bach, whose A-major Harpsichord Concerto Mr. Kirchoff will play with a chamber ensemble.
''The Knicks and the Rangers are essential to the city,'' said the Mayor, ''and we're glad they are staying.
Their objections were not directed at Dr. Salem's research but at the religious beliefs of the small community into which he was born.
The painting from the collection of the late G. David Thompson, a Pittsburgh industrialist, was the highest price paid in the sale of Impressionist and modern works.
On many occasions, prices have increased in the face of new supply.
The sound has a bright, brilliant presence that can at moments take on a hard, glaring quality, but the control, even at pianissimo, never fails her.
Professor Rothman was also named the first Bernard Schoenberg Professor of Social Medicine, an endowed professorship named for the late associate dean of the medical college.
Stephen Roberts, 43 years old, has been named president of the CBS-Fox Company, the joint venture of CBS Inc. and the 20th Century-Fox Film Corporation that was announced in February and is scheduled to be formally instituted early next month.
He won his American title 13 months ago with a first-round knockout of previously undefeated Robert Mullins and has defended it against Enrique Solis and Nico Perez.
Into the drama stepped Nelson Skalbania, then the spendthrift owner of the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League.
That home was hardly the prison Trinidad was for Naipaul.
Mr. Castiglioni's was almost pure Bauhaus, its aluminum frame exposed, its back and seat upholstered in black.
But they predicted that the prospect of lower interest rates soon would be enough of an inducement to cause many firms to buy the new issues even though investors have not made definite commitments to buy.
In his letter on P.B.A.
The most exciting possibility is the prospect of bringing back the human tail.
This was the fourth time out of his four appearances that the 31-year-old Russian world champion had taken first prize.
Dan McKinnon, chairman of the Civil Aeronautics Board, today blamed poor management decisions and the rcession for Braniff International's decision to file for bankruptcy.
Gene Nelson (6-8) worked the first six and two-thirds innings for the victory.
The Bullets led by 85-76 with 5:27 to play, but the Bucks scored 7 straight points.
Five plays later, Tony Galbreath scored on a 1-yard run to trim Minnesota's deficit to 19-14.
''They spend their free time lifting weights.
Reese says he called Jackson once but Jackson never called back.
There are also some ice creams.
That outlook is for an exceptionally weak recovery in coming months, which in turn means continued unemployment and sluggish capital spending.
Whites to Mr. Botha's left said they would withhold support unless the reforms offered some hope of participation for the country's 20 million blacks.
Based on the average closing price of Coca-Cola common shares during the 15 days preceding the agreement, each share of Columbia stock to be converted into cash will be converted at $72.835, the statement said.
Participants: Ian Hobson, pianist, first-prize winner in the International Piano Competition 1981; Matthias Eisenberg, organist, winner of the 1976 Bach Prize; Christian Ehwald, winner of third prize in the 1979 Herbert von Karajan conducting competition; Kerstin Feltz, cellist, winner of first prize in the 1980 International Bach Competition, and Mihaela Martin, violinist, first-prize winner in the 1978 Tibor Varga Violin Competition and second-prize winner in the Tchaikovsky Competition the same year in Moscow.
It is too bad, since the parts we do see -while competent, even skillful, in their design - do not bring the kind of pleasure the little arcade does.
''The courts were a mess,'' he said.
A toss of a coin was used by a New York City Criminal Court judge to determine the length of a prison sentence in a misdemeanor case.
"It's based very roughly on the news," said Mr. Lloyd, adding, "It's a kind of perverted version."
After years of discussion, the Academy of Pedagogical Sciences drew up a pilot program and put it on test in a handful of Moscow schools, but the lack of properly trained teachers led to some early debacles.
Saturday and Sunday brunch, 11 A.M. to 4 P.M. Paddy's Clam House Paddy's Clam House (244-9123), at 215 West 34th Street, has been known for seafood since it opened in 1898.
Unlike these other city governments, however, the New York City Council has chosen to revise its first redistricting plan, rather than appeal the Justice Department's ruling.
The Hudson and the Sacanthea.
They would prefer having more American troops afloat - i.e., marines, unaffected by a host country's caprice and, at least in the early going of a skirmish, not tied to airfields.
''We must examine very carefully whatever might be done in our name at the United Nations,'' said Julian Amery after Foreign Secretary Francis Pym's report Wednesday that there was ''some promise of progress'' in the talks.
Milbourne attempted to double Thomas off first, but his throw sailed behind the runner for an error.
Laws are meant to solve problems, not create worse problems.
The Marathon Oil Company says it has reached agreement for the sale of its Canadian subsidiaries, Marathon Petroleum Canada Ltd. and Pan Ocean Oil Ltd.
He was 32 years old.. Hibiscus and the Screaming Violets consisted of Mr. Harris and his three sisters, Lulu Belle, Eloise and Jayne-Anne.
Part of the challenge faced by the CBC in its continuing fight to offer uniquely Canadian television is a prediction by industry experts that a decade from now the proliferation of American channels may be such that as many as 50 American stations will fill 93 percent of the Canadian airwaves.
''He is not the prime suspect'' as the gunman, Mr. Morgenthau said.
''It's a bigger job trying to get rid of this mess than it was to build it,'' he said.
On a visit two weeks ago, the friends said, he appeared deeply despondent and spoke of taking his life by drinking heavily.
After she also lost the first game of the second set, Mrs. Lloydsaid: ''I got after myself a little bit.
They are thus tempted to exaggerate the importance of outside inspiration, Havana's in El Salvador just like Hanoi's in South Vietnam.
Or should I let it drop, and hit it on the bounce?
When W. Averell Harriman, the chief American negotiator, was welcomed home by his Georgetown neighbors, one woman brought her baby, saying, ''What you did in Moscow will make it possible for him to look ahead to a full and happy life.''
THE Metropolitan Opera's production of Ponchielli's ''La Gioconda'' on Saturday night was only partly generous to this most generous of Italian operas.
Now Admiral Miller, the first graduate of the Maritime College to attain such a Navy rank, has broken another tradition.
James Johnson Sweeney, art critic and former museum curator, received the Notable Achievement Award for exceptional contribution to the cultural life of society.
with the name of a female Soviet agent who was being trained to infiltrate the United States where she would rendezvous with her husband who was already stationed there.
Southampton Town Attorney Fred W. Thiele has issued a memo saying the town government could not use public money to connect 11 families to a public water supply.
have had to fight for life in broken glass and shattered brick and rough, hard rubble.''
He was 82 years old.
Within a year, a weekend hobby had become a serious job.
He later joined Mr. Reagan's campaign as a military adviser.
Tensions May Be Reduced The trend might reflect changing times, according to Dr. Johnston, one of the authors, who said, ''I think drug use is responding to its own cues.
Two London financial insitutions are studing a takeover bid for DeLorean from an unidentified British consortium.
The game-winner came in the seventh when Johnson doubled in Kent Hrbek, who had walked and was sacrificed to second.
However, Donald H. Forst, editor of The Herald American, had these views: ''The real losers in the Corsetti case are the public in general.
People were elbow-to-elbow for hours.
The raid netted 135 Canada geese in the first of many such operations to be conducted this week in New York's suburbs, plagued by what one official called ''a goose menace.''
Bollingen distributed entire sets of the series free to about 300 libraries; and the others were sold at strikingly low prices for such luxurious books, since another Bollingen aim was to make them available to people who were interested in the subjects but who might not have fortunes to spend on fine books.
Swarms of A-6 Intruders, low-level attack planes, sweep the sea of any Indonesian naval vessels and strike air bases throughout the country.
These features gradually add up to symbols of avant-gardism that appealed and sold to the avant-garde.
And each of China's 56 nationalities has many distinctive forms of dance.
So does the fact, for example, that when an amnesty was proclaimed after the election, business crimes were excepted.
For the record, the intersections we chose were 57th Street and Lexington Avenue and 57th Street and Eighth.
Walter Abish, who won the 1981 award for ''How German Is It,'' is a judge this year, along with Toni Morrison and Richard Price.
He had responsibility there for five of the eight operating companies, including Mervyn's, an apparel chain in the West; B. Dalton Bookseller, and Dayton's department stores in several states.
Both baskets are available at Turpan & Sanders Inc., 386 West Broadway (between Spring and Broome streets).
But Miss Kohl's is a fine company whose involvement and clear enjoyment of the promising choreography matches her intelligence and zest.
A driver's license costs $4.
Michael Ramsey, then the Archbishop of Canterbury, opened what they called ''a serious dialogue'' about the theological and practical issues that separate the two churches.
But can they point to the sources of the sulfur and nitrogen?
The parties and the hype are all part of the atmosphere.
Tessier has emphasized three things: defensive play, team speed and taking fewer penalties.
Elsewhere in the state, as well as in New Jersey and Connecticut, elected officials should be able to steer tenants you to organizations and publications that are useful.
''You're talking about these judges taking a great deal of the load off the backs of sitting judges,'' he said.
He was to attend the funeral of Guy Weniger, president of the Baptist Seminary in San Francisco, the department said .
PERHAPS most bothersome to military officials were the inequities reported between on-base programs and those offered on home campuses, such as the fact that faculty members with lower credentials often teach less demanding courses on military bases.
''There was a concern among politicans - should one man have that kind of influence?''
Illuminating the mysteries that lie at the heart of masterpieces does not often seem to be the goal of the avant-garde opera director.
Soviet generals, alarmed by the American military buildup and worried about their own economy's chronic weaknesses, got a well-publicized stroking last week by Leonid I. Brezhnev.
''People are allowed to better their living standards in illegal ways,'' said the philosopher.
Questions About Fingers When the game was over, and the Brewers remained three games ahead of Baltimore because of the Orioles' loss to Cleveland, Manager Harvey Kuenn was besieged with questions about what might have been if Fingers were not sidelined with a torn muscle in his forearm.
The federation helps 800,000 non-Jewish clients.
Yesterday, each upward price move set off selling by shorts who thought the time was ripe, only to find more traders willing to buy on the dips, all of which contributed to record volume.
It would restore peace officer status to the auxiliary police during preparation and drills for manmade or natural disasters.
Analysts said the rally resulted largely from the strong performance of International Business Machines, the market's current bellwether.
The language raised the question of whether Mr. Begelman, who had left the presidency of Columbia Pictures after forging several checks, had been dismissed ''for cause'' instead of for bad judgment.
The British conductor's City Opera debut took place under the handicap of a staging that went from one unfocused scene to the next without ever giving an indication that a genuine director's imagination was behind it all.
To balance the books, Mr. O'Neill needs sales tax revenue of just over $1.1 billion, an increase of 9.3 percent over last year.
The attached schedule of departures is subject to revision as may be necessary because of logistical requirements and because of any necessary shift in the setting of Departure-Day.
That would help to remove the fear that the Fed would need to curb the growth of money and credit during a fragile recovery.
They are also encouraged to practice the procedure on their own car, simulating race conditions, but with the engine turned off.
''I wouldn't be Mayor of the City of New York if Christopher Columbus hadn't discovered America, right?''
More pageantry unfolded for them at the two Renaissance palaces at which Mr. Reagan met separately with President Sandro Pertini and Prime Minister Giovanni Spadolini.
The varied flavor of the street is captured on the walls, with its motley restaurants, theaters and people, from drifters to shoppers to residents.
He has pursued the concept of a garbage-disposal plant since taking office in 1973.
has frequently worked on behalf of imprisoned writers and censored writing abroad.
And Israel would consequently be free to go ahead with the policy fundamental to Prime Minister Begin: absorption of the West Bank.
Combined with the productivity improvement, that could mean a sharp lessening in inflation, now running at 11 percent.
It is not as subtle as racquets, though.
Miss Koob, the inmates' lawyer, said that Judge Stewart's ruling insured inmates' rights to a 24-hour notice of charges, to call witnesses, to have hearings held within seven days and to be heard before an impartial judge.
He was of medium height, not stocky, but gave the impression of having reserves of strength.
Elusive Cost Benefit Moreover, there is little if any money to be saved by the reorganization.
MAURICE DUVERGER, the French political scientist and commentator for Le Monde; for his ''uncommon capacity to express deep political conviction without indulging in narrow partisanship.''
Hussein Meets With Aides President Saddam Hussein presided over a joint meeting today of Iraq's top three policy-making bodies - the Revolutionary Command Council, the leadership of the ruling Baath Party and the Cabinet.
Had that happened, I might have become stale.
Arrangements are being made for the players to repay the telephone company.
Still, he admits, he worries.
Two years later, these commitments can be measured by the postponement of elections until 1985, by repression against free trade unions, against the media, minorities, and the defiance of all international civility by the continued export of arms and subversion to neighboring countries.
The projects were judged in three categories -junior and senior groups for best individual, best group and best school project - on how well they teach others, according to Gerard Katz, one of the founders of Energy Education Services Inc.
Hunt saw Moyers alone at the other side, and made a delicate, precise pass.
FARMINGTON - Antiques Weekend, 425 exhibitors, 10 A.M. to 6 P.M. June 12, and 9 A.M. to 4 P.M. June 13, Polo Grounds.
The weather service advised residents in a 28-county area of South Dakota not to travel unless they had snowmobiles or vehicles with four-wheel drive.
The grandstand will feature this city's ultimate in cheerleaders, Congressional staffers, with nary a fake sheik nor a media consultant within coaching distance.
We hope it will fall.
Although the life style seems purely American on the surface, the cultures of Asia and the Pacific Islands of an earlier time influence attitudes, personal relationships, family customs, dress, diet and even speech.
Ed Note: Poison oak (Rhus diversiloba), a western species, does not grow in the East.
It was that line which was constantly cited before and after the Civil War in discussions of the slavery issue.
It starts in a Brooklyn bank vault in 1966, where Miss Nin is contemplating publication of the first volume of her diaries and its possible effects on those she knew best.
A Vietnamese, refugee bitter about separating from his wife, shot to death his 18-month-old son and three other relatives before killing himself today, ending a 12-hour rampage, the authorities said.
An application package can be obtained by calling 668-5306 or 668-5307.
"Toy manufacturers are very responsive to customer complaints," said June S. Neal, a spokesman for the Connecticut Department of Consumer Protection.
Mr. Tickel was promptly dismissed by William H. Webster, the bureau's director, who said he had ''terminated his employment based on a thorough criminal investigation.''
A spokesman said the note rejected the contention that concern for the husbands and wives of Americans could be construed as interference.
Howard Moody, of Judson Church, will serve as moderator.
Ranging from $10 to $14, they dazzle - necklaces of jet and foil back Venetian beads; pear-shape, Edie Sedgwick earrings covered with gold glitter; ropes of simulated, faceted tortoise-shell beads from the 40's that, when worn two or three at a time with a good cardigan, recall the bygone chic of Chanel, and crisp Bakelite bangles in earthy colors.
The committee, made up of 100 unions representing 200,000 city employees, instead proposed raising city income taxes only on those who have taxable incomes of more than $50,000 a year.
''The companies may just be two retired people operating out of an apartment,'' Mr. Holland said.
"The French heirs contested the will successfully," Mr. Frisbee recalled.
Institutional Pride Cited The leaders of both parties also cited institutional pride and the conviction of House members that they should be able to set spending priorities under the budget ceilings.
In recent days, the intelligence services of the United States Government have been watching, with the utmost care, the communications between the Soviet Union and Argentina.
The most important would raise or abolish the limitation the cartel would establish on the amount of minerals mined at sea in order to protect the price of nickel and other metals mined on land by Canada, Zaire and others.
A $12,000 Grant From City The city's Department of Cultural Affairs provided a $12,000 public-service grant, which meant the dancers and choreographers who had donated their pieces would get some reimbursement.
Now, in the final months of the administration of President Jose Lopez Portillo, Mr. Castaneda has been assigned the role of promoting a Mexican peace initiative for the troubled Caribbean area.
'Timetables Have to Be Discussed' But he said that the ''timetables'' of the tax cuts ''are things that have to be discussed.''
''Most surrogates have just gone along with what the guardians wanted to do.''
Royal Roberto has won stakes races against open company, so he outclassed this field despite breaking poorly and getting tired and bearing out in the stretch.
Orville L. Hubbard, the flamboyant former Mayor of Dearborn, Mich., whose 15 terms in office were characterized by municipal efficiency and his outspoken segregationist policies, died yesterday in Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit.
Mr Master Bug, in winning the richest quarter-horse race in history, had to overtake a stablemate, Miss Squaw Hand, and the early leader, Neat Creek, in the final 100 yards.
General Motors' entry into the joint venture is expected to hurt some of the companies now in the business, both because these companies will face a new competitor and at the same time lose some business from a major customer.
But it also produced some of the most original and exquisitely crafted pop singles of all time.
New Tests Administered As a result of further litigation, it was not until 1979 that a new junior high school test was administered and 1980 for a new high school test.
Mr. Poletti was Governor in 1942.
The church's foursquare image is so dominant that when the name of a principal of an Adventist school showed up in the papers recently as the winner of a $50,000 state lottery, the story provided some whimsy for those outside the church.
She returned to her native Atlanta in 1946, where she became an advertising writer.
Mr. Koch said ''the overriding factor'' in the selection of Mr. Gallagher as his choice for comptroller was the fact that Mr. Gallagher was from Erie County, a county that Democratic statewide candidates invariably must win.
They have the gestures down, all right, but something still is missing.
Most attractive of all, they seem to agree, are those with long-life natural gas holdings, since gas prices are expected to rise more than 15 percent a year over the next few years.
Mr. Vidnovic is perhaps the musical theater's most useful romantic leading man.
Bargaining Since Spring Yesterday's settlement, estimated by city officials to cost $400 million, came after negotiations that began in the spring and concluded at 5 A.M. yesterday after a night of intensified bargaining.
He put stocks of all types of grain after domestic consumption this year at 160 million tons.
''I pick up a newspaper now and read about the football players' strike,'' said Jim Taylor, ''and I say, 'All the power to you, boys.
The last few weeks of December are when bonenkai, or ''year forgetting parties,'' are held.
The decision to change positions in the Supreme Court Thursday followed a high-level meeting in the White House on Monday evening concerning what to do next in the tangled legal and political dispute over tax exemptions for segregated schools.
When he left the Pentagon to begin his command of the Pacific Fleet last July, he sold his sailboat to a friend, Adm. James L. Holloway 3d, a retired Chief of Naval Operations.
It started out small and unobtrusively when a resourceful German rancher named Walter A. Bechtel in 1898 hired out himself and a pack of mules to help build a railroad.
'Whole New Way of Life' ''You have to learn a whole new way of life,'' he said.
Colt, which installed its new furnaces in Midland, Pa., last year, was able to shut them promptly for weeks at a time and then reopen them just as promptly.
Over a period of years the reservoir of their suspicion overflowed more than once to produce formal charges against Godfrey yet receded almost as quickly when his acquittal enabled him to resume his anomalous though not unacceptable place in the community.
We didn't go into this expecting to lose.''
There was Giulio C. di Lorenzo, the Consul General of Italy, and Dr. Stephen R. Aiello, the executive director of the New York City Educational Construction Fund.
St eve Pollack led Adelphi (15-5) with 18 points.
The proposed Lincoln West housing seems likely to win approval from the Board of Estimate on Thursday if certain modifications are made, officials indicated.
Adaptability normally is a distinctive human strength, but in this case it could well be self-destructive.
However, Representative Toby Moffett, Democrat of Connecticut, chairman of a House subcommittee that has been investigating the department, said that the report raised questions about whether the agency could manage its $23 billion budget effectively.
Mr. Jones noted that Mr. Fonda had been encouraged to join the Omaha troupe by Dorothy Brando, mother of Marlon Brando.
Sources in the organization said today that his first visit abroad would be to France, to thank President Francois Mitterrand for the support he showed for the Palestinians during the siege of Beirut.
As one developer, Hyman J. Goldfeld of Largo Properties in St amford, put it: ''I hope it will open and be a success.
Plea by the Defense But after taking a bus to Washington, ''once more in his hopeless, crazed state of mind, he sees the opportunity, he thinks, to achieve the deluded goal of winning the love of Jodie Foster,'' by shooting the President, Mr. Fuller added.
I played a parson, a very young man with a round innocent face, and the lady of the house liked him, trusted him.
The station is owned by Northeast Radio Inc., of which the bridegroom is a vice president and general manager.
For weeks, New Yorkers in Congress and business people such as David Rockefeller had lobbied hard for a $411 million contract to refit a World War II battleship, the Iowa, at the former Brooklyn Navy Yard.
But everyone here, I think, silently wishes that they had the island to themselves all year round.''
Speaking of brokers, the professionals caution that care should be exercised in choosing one for two reasons.
The colleagues who shook his hand after his resignation Thursday were saluting those deeds even as they deplored his fall from grace.
Mr. Cranston added, ''I'm deeply concerned that Mr. Malone, who was repeatedly warned about the impropriety of serving industry clients and State Department policy makers simultaneously, continues to be a party to questionable and insensitive activity.''
The first thing to learn in trying to be a writer is that words are names.
As he headed toward No.
If this is empire building, the commission has a long way to go.
''This is not within our intent.''
Particularly fine specimens are Seymour House, in Accomac, and Hollybrook, near Eastville.
''The key element is fairness,'' he said.
In essence, what we have here is a fresh, yet traditional ''Mikado,'' which is, in itself, an irony.
Personally, Mr. Ozer dislikes the name-licensing craze, and approves of the newly revived mini ''for the very, very young with brilliant legs.''
Just ze ozzer day I vas reading in ze paper, a truckload of coffee vas hijacked in Nairobi by two men viss guns.
Although many offices and apartment blocs have been destroyed, the guerrillas say that their ability to constantly move around most of their weaponry has kept the military toll of the Israeli raids to a minimum.
Brenda N. Isenberg was married yesterday to Robert V. Rubyan in the chapel at the Church Center for the United Nations.
Seizing upon that observation to enter a state of contemplation, I put my rod aside and watched a mallard fly up the stream and four canoes come down.
''Vanya: Three Pastels,'' a solo set to a lyrical little suite of piano pieces by John Wallowitch, came close to that level of theater as Mr. Ross strode and fidgeted and subsided into his chair, frockcoat flapping, as the lost but still wistful Vanya.
However, she finds that the ''the toy business is healthy,'' mentioning, especially, electronic games.
It's the nature of the job.
To this, the city would add enough money from general revenues to cover almost all of the $2 million the A.S.P.C.A.
But she added: ''I'm never discouraged.
He was now ready to work in a major league front office.
Special features: Opening Sept. 25, the Whittier South East Asia Exhibit, with orangutans, gibbons, langurs, pygmy chimpanzees and exotic birds.
But Senator Williams took the Senate floor for 90 minutes and continued to hammer at the theme that he was victimized by Federal undercover agents in the Abscam investigation of political corruption.
If the words ''There's nothing on at the Met'' were to be heard around the town - however unfoundedly - most of those concerned would have a sense of failure.
But Davis now sees hope.
The company's next two productions will probably be Emlyn Williams's ''The Corn Is Green,'' with Cicely Tyson playing Miss Moffatt as ''a lady from Barbados teaching the children of Welsh coalminers,'' and ''Inherit the Wind.''
At a recent meeting in Geneva, the World Health Organization warned that such overuse and misuse would lead to further lessening of antibiotics' effectiveness, loss of lives and even higher costs of treating infections.
The ''santero'' who made that also made an image of St. Raphael the Archangel, in which every aspect was thoughtfully worked out.
The clown presented her with a ring, which Cheryl clutched to her heart.
An Improvised Work Schedule Although Mr. Fowles worked as a teacher for many years, the success of his books - ''The Collector,'' ''The Magus'' and ''The French Lieutenant's Woman'' were all made into films - has enabled him to earn a living as a writer since 1963.
On Wednesday morning, there were none.
And there is a lot in a little.
was down 7.4 percent and Ford 21.9 percent.
In the few states where time and mileage rates are still in effect, Hertz, at least, offers a discount of up to 40 percent, a spokesman said.
A steak au poivre that was made with a beautiful and generous cut of the shell of beef was so thickly peppered that it was rendered edible only by scraping the searing coat of spice off the meat.
Mike Fuller, the Bengals' player representative, said later that his teammates thought the proposal could be the basis for an agreement, although, like the players on other clubs that have voted for it, they had reservations about certain elements.
A Raid in the Bekaa Valley According to the Syrian announcements, the first air battle over the missile sites in the Bekaa Valley started shortly after 2 P.M., local time, when 96 Israeli planes attacked the sites.
Tune will begin rehearsals for his Broadway performing comeback - as co-star with Twiggy (with whom he appeared in the film ''The Boy Friend'') in a new version of the George and Ira Gershwin musical ''Funny Face.''
''If that dies, it would really be bad.''
To the network's dismay, it has lost almost 40 percent of its football audience.
They were nice about it, if they noticed at all; it was their way, and I approve it, not to talk to us through Homer and Dante and Cervantes and Proust and Joyce, but to talk through us to those great ones, with whom they were at home.
They added three runs in the ninth inning with the help of two more Pittsburgh errors.
Experienced users caution that the kind of humor or sarcasm that would be understood face to face or on the telephone, a ''warm'' medium, loses something in its ''cold'' electronic translation.
''Jouets Fran,cais 1880-1980,'' which runs through Feb. 14, is a rambling, carefully executed show that can be enjoyed on many levels by children and adults alike.
Meanwhile, Arthur Huttoe, the court-appointed attorney for the other co-defendant, Edgar Kulins, said that Kulins was negotiating for a plea bargain and would also testify against Morris if agreement could be reached.
The Brosses might be called the new Okies.
Katowice is plastered with posters warning people that strikes, protest marches or any violations of martial law will bring swift and severe punishment.
Reid, who also won a gold medal as the goalie on the championship wheelchair soccer team, was proud to win the weight-lifting competition, for which he had been training since he was 16.
This is an hour and a quarter of irresistible drama and not half as old-fashioned as you might think.
The Browns' second touchdown came on an 18-yard run by the halfback Charles White.
At Harvard, which this year went deeper into its waiting list than it has for a decade to fill out its freshman class, Seamus P. Malin, acting director of financial aid, said the scare ''hasn't been borne out in our experience.''
''I wish they would come again,'' said Mr. Julia, whose Broadway credits include Harold Pinter's ''Betrayal'' and the musical ''Two Gentlemen of Verona.''
I hoped the same wouldn't happen to Rags.
Working group of the ad hoc com- mittee on the drafting of an interna- tional convention against the training of mercenaries - 10:30 A.M. ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL COUNCIL Meets at 10:30 A.M. and 3 P.M.
They have reportedly moved a brigade of Soviet-made T-62 tanks and some heavy artillery into the area.
11 A.M. - Vitas Gerulaitis vs. Fritz Buehning.
In 1980, he carried the state with 71.6 percent of the vote, second only to Utah in terms of victory margins.
So I guess the White House wasn't too surprised at my vote.''
There were some scattered clouds along the Argentine coast, Mr. Heller said, but in general no major storm for more than 1,000 miles heading toward the islands.
Since moving to Quechee, Mr. Pearce's experiments have yielded several new designs that are displayed in a new catalogue mailed to about 6,000 American customers earlier this month.
That is only 74 short of Walter Johnson's major league strikeout record.
Although perhaps cautious and practical, Miss Battle also seems to be diverse, someone who often surprises both herself and the people around her with new facets of her personality.
''I got a good jump on the ball and it took a nice high hop for me,'' said Moore, who registered 13 assists during the season.
He said it was ''necessary to preserve everything positive that was achieved'' in the treaty, which was signed in 1979 but was withdrawn from Senate consideration after Soviet forces invaded Afghanistan.
(2) The question of United States arms sales to Taiwan was not settled in the course of negotiations between the two countries on establishing diplomatic relations.
Only the chocolate Grand Marnier pie seemed commercial and banal.
Of those, 550 five violations involved deer, 22 involved bears and 3,040 involved fish.
Partly white or variegated foliage is found among the vincas, thymes, mints and caladium.
- Eliminate out-of-season locations - plan to shoot summer work in the summer so you do not have to travel to the weather.
He was chastised for his behavior by his team captain, Arthur Ashe, and said he was disappointed that Ashe had not supported him in some of his disputes with officials.
''I've been a member of the committee for the last two years,'' said Douglas Adam, of the camera union.
The fairly traditional academic path followed by Carolyn Stern and Nina Klein was not, however, the only one at Mamaroneck.
And in beating Arguello, who remains the World Boxing Council lightweight champion, Pryor can claim to be the finest 135-pound fighter in the world.
Dr. Goddard was ahead of us all.''
''Rather, recovery probably won't occur until spring.''
''Some families have been coming here for more than 50 years,'' said Dr. Floyd E. George, president of the camp meeting association.
Columbia and New York Universities are among the institutions whose law schools prohibit on-campus recruiting by any employer who discriminates on the basis of sexual preference.
Mr. Marren, a lawyer and accountant, is manager of strategic planning for the American Maize Products Company in Stamford, Conn.
From going largely unnoticed a decade earlier, inflation had become so entrenched that middle America was devising schemes to exploit it.
I just pop on and off.
Many view participation in the program as a chance to take a breather, to explore, to get to know themselves, so that they will know what they want to do.
Miss Hepburn was not at the Los Angeles Music Center tonight to pick up her golden statuette, just as she was not at the previous awards ceremonies when she won for ''Morning Glory'' (1932-33), ''Guess Who's Coming to Dinner'' (1967) and ''The Lion in Winter'' (1968).
Similar investigations are under way using electron spin resonance technology to probe bonding mechanisms involved in the changing structure and function of molecules.
But Lebanon's army has been so weakened by the civil warfare that has fragmented the country into gangs of gunmen, that there is some doubt about its ability to function in the face of the Palestinians.
With a recount expected, Mr. Moody led his closest competitor, Orville Pitts, the sole black candidate, by 1,263 votes.
In the time you were in the Foreign Service, were there fluctuations in Administration attitudes toward the appointment of ambassadors?
''We have a remote chance for the playoffs, but we still want to satisfy our fans and oursevles.''
There is a possibility of as much as a 64 percent duty on imports of lumber.''
The blue and gold dwellings look a little shabby now.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
''They represent only a tiny portion of the people killed in El Salvador.''
He and other celebrities were trying to prevent the demolition of two Broadway theaters, the Morosco and the Helen Hayes, which were scheduled to be razed so a hotel could be constructed.
Acknowledging a traditional distrust by black voters of his party, Representative Mickey Edwards of Oklahoma said: ''Sometimes the problem is misperceptions.
In his last swing, he slashed a line drive off the cage protecting first base.
Mr. Haig may be right about the technical merits.
It had to be undertaken deliberately, thoroughly and correctly.
He has been working out almost daily for the last year at the Fort Worth College of Osteopathy and has strengthened his neck muscles ''about 170 percent.''
Mexicana is losing money, said Angel Franyuti, Mexicana finance manager for the United States and Canada.
And he read the entire part of the skull, and he was perfect.''
Sixty-two percent cited the economy, either generally or in a specific area.
It recently approved amendments, endorsed by the Reagan Administration, to let challenged payments continue until formal hearings are concluded.
Perhaps the most attention here has been focused on a horseback ride by Queen Elizabeth and President Reagan in Windsor Great Park, planned to begin at 9:45 A.M. Tuesday.
''The first time I ever carried a ball in a tackle game was as a freshman in high school,'' Salisbury said, ''I broke a finger and had to sit out the rest of the season.
Hesung Chun Koh, director of the symposium, said: ''People consider Koreans part of east Asia and let it go at that.
Mr. Gore said he found the technology office's findings ''surprising'' and that ''instead of putting a controversy to rest, it gives further evidence of the need to examine in more detail'' what genetic screening is all about.
His 1972 album, ''Charley Pride Sings Heart Songs,'' earned him another Grammy, this time for best country performance by a male singer.
The tax conferees hope that the extension will improve the chances of chances for the tax bill, which has been the subject of contentious debate that has set members of the Reagan coalition against each other and that has prompted a strong White House public relations effort.
A nationwide general strike began early today despite a threat by the military Government to dismiss every worker who participates.
Quow won the 100 meters in 10.50 seconds and his specialty, the 200 meters, in 20.76.
Last month the union held a convention in Albuquerque, N.M., and 537 of the 1,450 members on its rolls attended or 37 percent.
After Scott McCluskey caught a 35-yard touchdown pass from Dave Sherwood in the third quarter to cut the Seton Hall lead to 7-6, Columbia lined up as if it were going to attempt an extra-point kick.
The nine partners, big-agency alumni, share the decision-making.
Now, with the emphasis on employee assistance, I think a player who needs help is more likely to step forward.''
The mission involves the attempted rescue by British agent Jack Fallon and American agent Sam McKenna of a Swedish industrial magnate and his niece, heiress to the family's huge manufacturing interests, both of whom are being held by the Germans as hostages to insure the completion of a German-Swedish deal in the making.
''The bottom line was that she could care for the baby better than we could,'' Dr. Dillon said.
Trends Facilitate Freedom But legal and psychiatric trends over the past two decades have made it easier for people like Mr. Hinckley to win freedom from mental hospitals.
The show must fit into three or four trucks.
Ballet Rambert dates back to 1926, when Dame Marie's students appeared in a ballet episode choreographed by Sir Frederick for a London revue.
''Another half-inch into the tendon and my career was over,'' he said.
The minor characters are vivid; the blacks and Hispanics, the women and children in particular are drawn with imaginative sympathy.
''Certainly not as a pro.''
The Soviet Union is for such a course of events.''
The engineer, Jose Luis Velasco, told his superiors that the train had derailed because a section of roadbed had eroded and the tracks collapsed under the weight of the passing engines, the Government press agency Notimex said.
It is Colonel Qaddafi's first official visit to a Western country.
Hallucinogens have been detected in the bodies of humans and animals by means of a modified version of a device used to measure changes in skin-surface electrical readings associated with eye movements, according to a New Jersey doctor.
Harry Angstrom of ''Rabbit, Run'' returns in the chips but unfulfilled.
Tiny insects feed on some exposed flesh.
He has also written articles on the subject for Ms. magazine and raised money for shelters for battered women.
The downstream states, he said, benefited from an end to flooding, cheap electrical power produced from plants at the dams, barge traffic, new farmland and increased recreational use of the river.
If enough protons are assembled alongside sensitive detectors that are shielded from outside interference, physicists reason, a decay should be observed.
''They ought to ask him what he's going to do!
Yes, I believe it's much more basic.
He has performed as a soloist with the Fania All Stars at Madison Square Garden and on the group's world tours and appeared on more than 150 albums.
''My objective will be continuing the defense of the human rights of Jewish people and all people, and to do whatever we can to discourage terrorism.''
Ding Ling spoke to us of her recent visit to America and described with obvious pleasure the long article about her that appeared in People magazine.
He ordered them torn down.
Another cloture vote will be taken next Monday.
But it is not here now.
C NONFICTION 1 1 11 JANE FONDA'S WORKOUT BOOK, by Jane Fonda.
I'm kind of surprised to be over here on the side.
I have no intention of joining the Rev.
Harold W. Fuson, staff counsel to The Los Angeles Times said: ''We can sell those newspapers without resorting to scare headlines and front page editorials convicting the criminally accused before their fate is turned over to a jury of their peers.''
''To me a conservative Democrat is in favor of the balanced budget,'' he went on, ''but has a heart and will not endorse the hasty and ill-conceived tax cuts and budget cuts of the President.''
For the deal to go through, Index had to get releases from all the liens and satisfy the numerous judgments.
''He is the only fighter who fights three minutes per round,'' said Carlos (Panama) Lewis, his trainer.
Robert Cook, chief financial officer of Castle & Cooke, a diversified food producer, said he's been ''wrestling with interest rates since 1979.''
The Congressional officials said that the closed session was heated as, in the words of one, ''Mr.
But one source said he doubted the summit would produce any major joint economic initiative because the differences in the economic policies of the 10 countries make it difficult, the source said.
He told the congress delegates that they would approve a constitution ''that is distinctly Chinese, suits the needs of China's socialist modernization in the new historical period and will remain valid for a considerable period of time.''
And because their commission was not the result of a competition, as the Manhattan park had been, the designers were free to change their plans as they worked.
The Administration has asked Congress to rescind the $21.8 million provided for the bank in the 1982 budget, but those bringing the suit said today there was no chance this would happen.
Gejdenson (D) N Y 3.
But, Mrs. Browne added, last year's weakness was more general, affecting investment and machinery.
It was her first start since winning the Monmouth Oaks two months earlier.
MEDICINE AND WAR The medical effects of nuclear war will be examined in a free film called ''The Last Epidemic,'' to be shown at 7:30 this evening in the Assembly Room of the Rye Presbyterian Church, on Boston Post Road.
So, too, the primacy of choreography need not deter choreographers from borrowing ideas from other people.
When you get to the minister, your rivals have got there before you.'
The only bargain seems to be mixed drinks in the rustic bars and restaurants in town.
Some of it has appeared as companies try to sublet floors they do not need.
Florida, the population of which has the highest perce ntage of residents over age 65 of any state, ''has an economy that is based to a high degree on tourism, and it does not have the same sort of industrial mix the other states have,'' he said.
This date would allow Miss Ornstein to be well enough to attend her graduation several weeks later from the Human Resources School in Albertson.
''We're going on the assumption there isn't.''
Interior Secretary James G. Watt urged the Senate Thursday to adopt this resolution, to the surprise of many environmentalists who opposed his earlier attempts to lease wilderness areas for oil exploration.
But they are e xpensive.
But some officials are now speaking in almost valedictory terms, looking back on what has been accomplished before contemplating moving on.
We want Tim to throw at 75 to 80 percent of the level he reached when he left Florida last March.''
A mistrial was declared Aug. 13 after the jury voted, 8-2, in favor of the Los Angeles Coliseum Commission and the Raiders, who had taken the league to court over its refusal to let the team move to Los Angeles.
Draining also increases the butterfat content.
For the year so far, the major collective bargaining agreements in the private sector provided average increases of 3.8 percent in the first year of the contract.
Moses Jones who feel that ''the lazy factor'' has gotten the upper hand on the force, and officers like Kay Carroll who feel that police morale has never recovered from the layoffs in the mid-1970's, ''when the city showed us we were just a number or a piece of meat.''
Police Officer Frank Dunne said the 400-pound safe had been taken from Mr. Staub's personal office in Rusty's Restaurant at 1271 Third Avenue, at 73d Street.
Robert Rosin plays Walter well enough.
However, Mr. Stasen concedes that the price-earnings ratios of his companies average ''around 14 times'' most recently reported 12-month earnings - substantially higher than the market as a whole.
It expects contributions in the United States to be ''in the area of $50 million,'' said Stephen S. Stamas, vice president for public affairs.
These would start with the predawn slaughter of Miller's hogs and turn into a 16-hour bout of boiling, scraping, grinding, chopping, slicing, stuffing, feasting, gossip and high-spirited jocularity.
It was not immediately clear whether the company would seek a diminution of its debt or a postponement of payment until it could divest itself of sufficient assets to satisfy creditors.
We know that she too will soon seek to debunk the still-held notion of the artist as decoration.
Mr. Ecevit, a 56-year-old Social Democrat, was sentenced to three months in prison for violating the military Government's ban on public statements by politicians.
It is business as usual around his office these days.
A Graduate of Brown Mr. Bloomingdale was born in New York City on April 15, 1916, to Hiram C. and Rosalind Bloomingdale.
In 1970, while contining to write extensively, he began a teaching career at Rutgers, the profession for which he had trained in college.
So far, the campaign has seen the 46-year-old Mr. Thompson hurt in early polls by revelations that he accepted thousands of dollars worth of gifts, some from people doing business with the state.
For the long term, he is bullish.
''There was some abuse, and this helps prevent those types of abuses,'' Carlos Romero Barcelo, Governor of Puerto Rico, said in an interview in New York.
''If not, I won't go,'' he said.
Mr. Batovrin, a 25-year-old artist, was arrested Friday at the home of another member of the independent peace group.
Officials of the Florida Power and Light Company said a broken electrical motor at the Turkey Point nuclear generator some 30 miles south of Miami set off the chain-reaction power failure.
He's definitely from the crop.''
Hawryliw, a free agent from the Islander organization, spent last season at the farm club in Indianapolis.
''If we use a full-court press,'' said Ed Tapscott, the American coach, ''and they break the press, it's a majority situation underneath, and they've got the big guys.''
Democrats warned that it would pit rich states against poor states and divert public attention from serious economic problems.
Herzog edged Milwaukee's Harvey Kuenn in the balloting of major league managers conducted for the weekly newspaper.
''I'll tell you what we are,'' Mr. Blix said.
When we take our leave of Naylor, as he sinks for the third time in a tide of Pernod, we wonder whether a one-night stand, unspecified, is worth such existential anguish.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
I think the environment, coupled with the fact that there's a great distance between him and his mother, exacerbates this slow physical deterioration.''
Around 10:30 P.M., members of the audience will have their chance to be heard, addressing questions or comments to any of the participants and even voting on which, if any, of the works should be offered to New Haven Symphony subscribers next season.
For several years, New York has been sitting on a proposal specifically designed for this purpose: a comprehensive city-state export free zone program for light high-tech manufacturing.
Eighty-three percent of those on the South Side, for example, were dissatisfied with the conditions of fields, facilities and equipment, while 60 percent of those surveyed on the North Side were satisfied or found them to be excellent.
Nor are there any accidental-seeming bonuses.
On Tuesday one original juror was dismissed and an alternate was seated.
It is claimed that, as a private, noncommercial activity, home taping rightly lies beyond the proper reach of legislative interference and taxation.
A devout Roman Catholic, Beckman in recent months has also begun going to a pentacostal church.
The fawning and cringing, the backward shuffle from your presence, the incantatory repetition of your name, yes, Mr. Brown, Mr. Brown, Mr. Brown.
The humor, too, has matured.
His mother is a sales representative for the Research Institute of America, publishers of tax and legal forms in New York.
It may be necessary to shorten the cables and test the door more than once to achieve satisfactory tension.
lease and one by Amtrak seemed to imply that the Kansas Republican would seek outright repeal of the public-transit leasing provision along with the private leasing authority he has said he wants to repeal or modify.
This listing is based on computer-processed reports from bookstores and representative wholesalers with more than 40,000 outlets across the United States.
Mr. Malik occasionally put across a vocalistic bass lick, but the essence of this trio is the hearty percussive dialogue between Candido and Mr. Weston.
He cites factors such as alienation of bluecollar workers by the Reagan White House's ''upper bracket image,'' the President's failure to satisfy antiabortionists and other ''new right'' activists, and Mr. Reagan's general drift toward traditional Wall Street Republcanism.
Graig Nettles, the Yankees' third baseman and captain, fractured a bone in the thumb of his left hand in Sunday's game against the Detroit Tigers and is expected to be sidelined four to six weeks.
Most criminal issues fall under local jurisdictions, and even at the national level, a consensus has yet to develop.
But the conservatives object not only to the tax plan but also to the spending cuts on the ground that neither goes far enough.
** Maximum rateSalomon Brothers estimates for bellwether issues
Gen. Cristino Nicolaides, the new chief of the army, displayed political self-doubt when he visited the wounded at a military hospital Friday and later told reporters: ''We have to search for some sort of conciliation.
In Mount Vernon, the Free Synagogue of Westchester is sponsoring its annual Jewish Festival, a popular weekend of ethnic foods, rides and entertainment.
Takes Job Near the Garden In 1968, he moved to New York, where he worked as a host in Gallagher's 33, a restaurant close enough to Madison Square Garden, he said, to let him feel near the fight game's swirl.
The plant grows about two feet tall and the blossoms are fragrant.
Maryland (2-2) won its second game in a row, and Syracuse (1-4) lost its fourth in a row.
As a result, he said, he ordered all roads into Sinai closed on Friday night to avoid bloodshed.
Mr. Demmer did not return a telephone call to his home last night.
He responded, ''I always have trouble about wondering who those senior officials are.
Like the convert who becomes a proselytizer of his new religion, I have been extolling the delights of hiking in the Alps since the day in 1964 when my former wife and I, with more fervor than acumen, scrambled up to the base of the Matterhorn, she in ballerina slippers and I in sandals.
Any nuclear attack on the Western Europeans would be an attack on the United States, to which we would respond with nuclear weapons.
Mrs. Heckler, the daughter of an Irish-born doorman at a New York hotel, is regarded as a shrewd, tough campaigner.
Argentina reports rescuing 680 crewmen of torpedoed cruiser General Belgrano from icy waters of South Atlantic; more than 360 sailors still missing.
Mazzilli hit his home run in the sixth inning of the first game against Vida Blue.
Let's say we speak 'strange,' and let's see who can speak stranger, you or I?''
Mr. Reagan was referring to his hastily planned visit last week to a black family that had been the target of a cross burning in suburban Maryland.
The spokesman, Byron Nelson, said that no reorganization proposal had been presented to Mrs. Gorsuch.
He said critics of the Postal Service who suggested altering or repealing the laws governing private companies that deliver communications were proposing a game of ''Russian roulette,'' leading to the end of reliable deliveries.
West Virginia's coal industry lost $12 million a day in the nationwide strike by railroad engineers, the state Chamber of Commerce estimates.
It is understood to include about 100 military and civilian ships, and 25,000 men are said to be involved - combat troops, sailors and the crews of the support vessels.
Smoke and flames shot into the sky at the dump, near the Golani road junction 10 miles west of Tiberias.
Today, armed guerrillas walked casually through the hills, chatting amicably with peasants they met along the way.
In fact, thousands of Ethiopians have returned to their homeland this year, and all returning nationals are reinstated in their former jobs depending on their competence, or are given meaningful work in their desired field.
Ermer Says He Was Robbed Another former big-league manager with a most modest playing career is Cal Ermer, whose 1967 Minnesota Twins came within one game of winning a pennant.
''Victor/Victoria'' combines the sweetness of ''Darling Lili'' with the unbridled hilarity of ''S.O.B.,'' but without that comedy's bitterness.
Mississippi 55, Tennessee 53 KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) - Mississippi's Carlos Clark hit two baskets in overtime, including the deciding one at the buzzer in a Southeastern Conference game.
Meanwhile, the daily Yedioth Ahronoth said Israeli delegates had rejected a Lebanese proposal to add another item to the agenda to discuss a possible American role in negotiations for a ''permanent pact between Israel and Lebanon.''
But the people just weren't patient enough to build a team.''
Also, wear goggles to protect your eyes if you are working overhead or in a position where splashing is a possibility.
Joe Theismann began his ninth Redskin season with his best game ever, passing for 382 yards against the Eagles.
Malcolm Wilson, who was Governor when the law was passed and is now chairman and chief executive officer of the Manhattan Savings Bank, would not comment on the suit.
Should these attacks - prompted largely by the importers and users of what is, for the time being, cheap sugar - be successful, then we will soon witness the rapid decline of our domestic sugar industry.
has announced a goal of trimming its salaried sta ff by 10 percent.
Dealers in Government securities attributed the lower prices to a tapering off of investor interest shown in the two previous sessions as well as to disappointment that the Federal Reserve did not arrange purchases for its own account.
''If he proposes it, he'll certainly work for it,'' Mr. Speakes said.
Making his debut in the role, Mr. Lavery was urbane and attentive to his partners.
Firefighters raced up by ladder to the second floor and brought them down.
The unstated message, he says, is that in a Patterson administration ''women are part of the action.''
Pete Rose hurried into the batting cage again.
The Countryside The business of Sacramento, like that of Washington and Albany, is government, but there is still a wide range of agricultural activity around the city, and visitors can see miles and miles of acreage devoted to rice paddies producing food for the Far East.
In the past 30 years, debates about philosophy and politics have usually been conducted in code: Today's leaders and issues wear the disguise of figures and events from the past, from a literary and historical culture unknown to most people in the West.
''They asked me if I would go to Germany and take charge of the operations against the Soviet Union and the satellites,'' Burke said.
Jessie and I can often lead a relatively monastic life.''
Miss Hua said she writes to her mother from time to time - the letters take weeks to arrive.
Upshaw said that because of the article, which appeared in Sports Illustrated last week, ''the players have a black eye, the league has a black eye and everyone connected with it has a black eye.''
We're obviously aware of the Soviet domination and control of the Communist Party U.S.A.
The flesh also tends to be fibrous.
The stoves in the show, organized by the Albany Institute of History and Art, reflects the craftsmanship that went into this sort of manufacture upstate between 1840 and 1870.
Mrs. Conningham plans to test her new daylily for several years before deciding whether to register it.
Her father, former president of The Citadel, was head of the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency under President Carter.
The result of all this, said Hertz, was that people were buying smaller, relatively less expensive models with fewer options, and they were keeping their cars longer and driving them less, a trend that has been holding for several years.
The Rutgers tomato of William and Mary Jean Hundt of Hicksville won the ''most perfect'' category.
St. John's will play Alabama in the opener.
Prices were always high, both in seed potatoes themselves as well as shipping costs.
At the conclusion, Mr. Moyers said, that Mr. Reagan had ''chosen not to offend the rich, the powerful and the organized'' in his budget cuts, but to ''take on the weak'' with a budget that ''falls most heavily on the poor.''
She added in a note, ''I have contributed to your very worthy cause since its inception in 1912.''
Prime Minister Menachem Begin called publicly on President Hafez al-Assad of Syria to refrain from engaging the Israelis.
Such admissions are unusual in themselves, but what made the incident Topic A in publishing circles this week is the book's timely subject and the fact that the incident was played out in a magazine whose articles are wide ranging and generally authoritative and whose unsigned reviews, appearing as much as three months in advance of publication, are closely read by booksellers, book clubs and even other reviewers.
Argentina finally agreed to withdraw its troops provided that Britain pulled its armada out of the South Atlantic.
proposals, and the final regulations probably won't be issued for months, but scores of companies are preparing to hop on the bandwagon.
Melt two tablespoons of the butter in a saucepan and add the scallions.
At a recent party, Miss Adler and the actor Michael Moriarty cuddled on a couch.
''It is calm now,'' the television stations were reporting as fires burned at a half-dozen intersections and demonstrators continued to chant as they fled.
Towns called for ''unity between all segments of the politically active black community.''
Carole G. Donlin, Saxon's director of corporate policy, said the preliminary agreement with Alco called for a cash payment and subsequent payments based on the extent of business initiated by the investment group.
One begins a review of Mr. Jackson's new LP, ''Thriller'' (Epic QE 38112), with this curious cautionary note because it is certainly possible to point out flaws in Mr. Jackson's seeming perfection.
Fashion Oriented April 6 - A dinner-dance to raise funds for New York's third Salute to the Fashion and Beauty Industries will be at the Brooklyn Museum, a resource for designers and scholars because of its costumes and textiles collection.
The 23-year-old Clerc, ranked fifth in the world, beat Orantes with the help of consecutive aces after a disputed line call disrupted play for more than five minutes.
An ant colony often attracts beetles that live in harmony or interdependence with the ants.
However, these researchers have now shown that a more gradual reduction to moderate levels of salt intake is associated with a changed preference in the taste for salt, so much so that foods salted to their previous level now taste unpleasant.
I d rop dead when I hear Leontyne do it.
Then there is the artist who explains that he has painted Strother Martin against the background of a crocheted afghan because Mr. Martin, his favorite actor, has a bad-guy image, and the artist wanted to balance it with something pleasant.
Mr. Schmidt said in a speech to the Bundestag that the elections could come ''about the end of November.''
In Belgrade, rumors suggest that the Kosovo Bank used funds to buy out Serbian farmers, thus creating new room for Albanians.
Because Americans are partial to the younger goat cheeses, many of these are marketed while they are too young, without the characteristics for which they are loved in their native surroundings.
Then the company file clerk - James Pace - joined with 20 other employees to buy Feuer for $1, and each of these employees put $1,000 from their personal savings into a fund that they had hoped would help attract Federal dollars.
A finding by the board that the cutback is traceable to deregulation is expected to be difficult, however.
In 1979, Schmidt introduced a light beer.
If the Yankees sign Denny, they would be able to trade Reuschel, a 32-year-old righthander who is in a contract dispute and has not reported to the voluntary camp here.
Delaware - New Castle, Army Creek; Delaware City PVC Plant; New Castle, Delaware Sand and Gravel; Kirkwood, Harvey Knott Drum site; New Castle, New Castle Steel site; New Castle, Tris spill site; New Castle County, Tybouts Corner; Dover, Wildcat Landfill.
The musical, which was to have closed tonight because business has been so poor, will continue playing.
And if he is a comic, he is a stand-up comedian.
In recent days he has said he is not interested in the job, but many Lebanese politicians feel that he could still be persuaded to take it.
He has also made the point that the decision was an interim move and would be reviewed again when other debts come due.
If, however, the arrested motorist was considered to be more than just a social drinker, based on the results of a written test designed to determine drinking habits, he was assigned to 10 grouptherapy sessions of two hours each.
Just as no Soviet political leader would dare entrust his fate to the judgment of meatless consumers, he cannot dare entrust his frontiers to Slavic fraternity with the Poles or to the Marxist professions of the Chinese.
West At Logan, Utah: Wyoming 22-6 (8) vs. Southern California 19-8 (9) on March 11; winner vs. Georgetown 26-6 (1) on March 13.
Glimmering of a 30-Year Dream In the life of an unionized industrial worker, he said, a pension worth upwards of $500 a month is the promise at the end of 30 years of loyal service.
Richard D. Wood, chairman of Lilly, said that while all areas of Lilly's business contributed to the earnings increase, he noted especially ''the outstanding performance of the pharmaceuticals group and the strong sales of its principal antibiotics: Moxam, Ceclor, Mandol and Keflex.''
After I was properly oriented, I was treated to a brief postorientation meeting to insure that all had gone well and I was now completely and properly oriented.
A couple of them cut in on Lewis & Gilman's growth picture this year.
A new long-term Chinese-Japanese trade agreement signed here last week entitles Japan to 8.6 million tons of Chinese crude oil annually starting next year through 1985, as well as lesser amounts of Chinese coal.
They achieved this universality by their innate talent and by the fact that their evolution, still denounced by some as a betrayal of rock, really amounted to an abandonment of rock's parochialism in favor of a broader, more lasting popular sensibility.
The commission conceded in its final report that many Anglicans found the doctrine of papal infallibility unacceptable in its present form, especially in matters of faith and morals and in doctrines concerning the Virgin Mary.
Critics challenge their reliability and argue that, even if one assumes that there is some scientific basis for such devices, they are bound to be misused by businesses that do not appreciate their limitations.
But that was just one of the surprises in the Finnish actress and singer Arja Saijonmaa's shows at the Symphony Space Monday and Wednesday.
Thus, someone who married last Dec. 31 would be considered marr ied for all of 1981, while someone who divorced on that date would be treated as though single for the entire year.
Kotar, 31 years old, underwent eight hours of surgery, but surgeons were unable to remove the tumor because of its location.
The results varied widely, and each case raises different medical and ethical concerns.
The cook cannot look under ''desserts'' in the index, for example, and find a list of the dessert recipes.
Now the industry is involved in another major shift, with a process known as complementary MOS, or C-MOS, coming to the fore.
''Two of the strangest goals I've ever seen in this rink have been against Eddie,'' said Gretzky.
''Everywhere you go, people ask, 'How's Toby doing?'
Villeroy and Boch china, made in Germany and the obligatory symbol of France's nouvelle cuisine, is represented with a delicate pink floral pattern that is, I believe, a stylized poppy.
''He relaxed to the point where his arm could catch up.
Koch: ''Your hot water heater is on the fritz, but here's the name of a good plumber.
Under the proposed change, the rate per viewer for the Buffalo station would be more similar to New York's, the association says.
Here, curious big fish, such as man-size potato cod, having never met a human before, swim up close without fear to investigate the strange visitors with bubbles coming out of their heads.
Pastore (6-9) gave up a lead-off single to Dickie Thon in the first inning, then retired the next 14 batters.
As Dr. Hendin says, to hope to gain control over death is the ultimate delusion of grandeur.
During his childhood, he said, his views were almost always opposed to those of his peers.
Actually, since the same chef has been in charge of the kitchen all along, the menu retains a good many dishes from the prior regime.
The break in prices, some experts think, may jeopardize many hardwon achievements, such as conservation and sharply reduced dependence on OPEC oil.
They are joined by Billy Lee (Lance Kerwin), a 15-year-old local with a bad reputation.
They tried to destroy the Mia Mia Palestinian refugee camp near Sidon, he said, ''but we intervened'' and stopped them, he said.
I eat a regular diet, much fruit, no special vitamins, no protein supplements.
But he added, ''I get great satisfaction from thinking I am doing some good and changing poor people's lives just a little bit.''
But in the United States it is usually a crime to break and enter only with the intention to do something else illegal, and that is true also in Britain.
Unlike the elderly widow, the elderly divorcee must live with the realization that her loss was deliberate, volitional, intended.
Nov. 26 - Matt Robinson is the Jets' quarterback with Todd injured.
Mr. Allam, who, like the students, had never visited Israel, said he had gained the impression that the Israelis were ''good friends wanting to live with us in peace.''
For my notions of the intemporal, Marty is as close as you get.
Without the assent of America and a few other major sea powers, the treaty can actually become a new source of strife.
Janet Garlough, an executive with Trans World Airlines for almost 40 years, died Thursday of cancer.
New Haven's director of traffic and parking, John Cavallaro, called it ''a 100-year storm,'' which occurs only once in a century.
Half a dozen other hotels in the downtown area, or nearby, are adequate at about $60 for a double.Around the perimeter of downtown are a host o f motels that offer, forabout $40 double, rather perfunctory service with comfortable beds and excellent bathrooms.
This, too, is a reflection of the larger art scene, in which the quality and vitality of representational sculpture lags far behind what we see in painting of a similar persuasion.
Interrupted Questioning His capacity for firm views was evident in different ways during the Stouffer's trial, where he sought to begin work at the relatively early hour of 9:45 A.M., where he kept the jury until about 4:30 P.M. and limited breaks to strict 10-minute segments.
With playing and conducting, it'll come right back, because he's using over and over those same muscles in a tension situation.
If that is denied, or the ruling is upheld, ''we will go into the U.S.
Mr. Gould suffered a severe stroke last Monday, two days after his 50th birthday.
''On the surface she seems like such a loser,'' says Miss Baranski, ''but I think Helena has enormous courage.
This sets up a macabre predicament for the dying and their families: humane and sympathetic care, paid for if the benefits of recent advances in treatment are forgone, versus full use of modern technology and pharmacology without reimbursed hospice care.
About 10 spent shell casings were recovered.
His father, who is retired, was group manager with Procter & Gamble.
And from there Kennedy was off into a stunning discussion of just how laws are passed, of how Carter's amateur lobbyists had messed up program after program by odd legislative couplings of unsorted programs.
Mr. Williams graduated with the class of '11, and in 1936, at the 25th reunion, his classmates voted him the outstanding graduate.
Bob Sheehan, an economist with the National Association of Home Builders, said then that rates would have to decline to 15 percent ''before there would be a perceptible pickup in sales.''
Hugh O'Rourke of the 45th Precinct.
Although this week's volume is light, analysts warn that corporations and the Treasury will soon return with large issues of notes and bonds.
The operation includes a full-time secretary and two part-time secretaries.
Tackles - Mark Bortz, Iowa; Mike Charles, Syracuse.
The testimony today of a 16-year-old Arkansas girl, identified in court as Donna M., echoed what was said in affidavits and testimony by other girls recently released from the home.
Building a Dense Pack field, moreover, would violate the provisions of SALT II, which established limits on the number of missile launchers each side can have.
The Bahai religion, founded in the late 19th century in Iran, incorporates tenets of many religions and stresses universal brotherhood and social equality.
In his first start of the season, against Chicago April 11, John lost, 2-0, which means the Yankees have scored only one run in his two good efforts.
Annual Exchnage of Visits The scientific program involved cooperation in the fields of agriculture, public health and energy.
Mr. Ulrich said that the investigation into the death of Mr. McElroy, identified as the town bully of Skidmore, Mo., would be reopened if further evidence was turned up.
A freezer can also cut down on trips to the store and allow its owner to take advantage of specials, saving a considerable amount of money.
''IN 1973 our management had a consensus that we should establish a department which thinks about future products,'' said Mamoru Yaegashi, the former chief of design for Toyota who founded, and remains chief executive of, Calty Design.
As of last Dec. 31, 248,527 of the nation's 557,516 bridges, or 45 percent, were either inadequate or seriously deteriorated, according to the data collected by the Federal Highway Administration, a branch of the Department of Transportation.
Hanae Mori is the Japanese designer who works within the established Western tradition, adding her own kimono touches or using misty flower prints.
Thanks for an informative and insightful article on the 1982 political scene ('' '82 Candidates Run on Expert Advice,'' Jan. 3).
* Madison Fund Inc. said it had acquired 14.97 percent of A.C.F Industries Inc. common stock, or 1,370,000 common shares purchased at a cost of $54,314,700.
I worked all my life for this money.
She was also seen in Paul Mazursky's film ''Next Stop Greenwich Village.''
The police said two young women had been seen leaving the embassy building in a residential district near the Vatican.
I needed at least three hours a day of practice and I didn't have the time.''
Scratch your nails on the inside of the door.
One thing is sure, however.
On this sparse network of fact or allegation to which persons in authority have been willing to attach their names as sources of information has been grafted a welter of Italian newspaper reporting and speculation.
Schools that do not qualify under one or more of these new criteria, according to the N.C.A.A., include such traditional Division I basketball schools as Canisius, Creighton, Detroit, Fairfield, Fordham, Iona, Long Island University, Manhattan, Niagara, Oral Roberts, St. Peter's and Seton Hall.
Mrs. King, who is seeded fourth, next will play Leslie Allen of the United States, seeded second.
Overall Government assistance to students at colleges, universities and other institutions would drop, however, by more than $1,800 million over the next two years, according to Government figures.
''I'm not sure what I'd do if I got out in the workaday world.
Last week the United States vetoed a Council resolution proposing unspecified measures to punish Israel.
Most of the mileage is unpaved, albeit only moderately punishing to car suspensions.
Because Miss Connor recorded only seven songs with the Kenton band, most notably ''All About Ronnie,'' this would seem to give her a small repertory to work with.
He is smart and has learned to use his tools, of which he does not have many.
There is only one way to stop the crows of an old empire coming home to roost: Make a clean break of it, forget about the gunboats and the distant flags, wipe away those tears of glory.
On a recent evening, round, briny Belons from Maine and Malpeques from Canada were listed in addition to the usual Long Island oysters.
The victory made up for a 63-52 loss to Connecticut Jan. 20.
''A little bit here, a little bit there and then, when there is nothing left, they will spit you out.''
The total of the winning bids - $90.1 million - was about $20 million more than RCA Americom stood to take in under a previously announced schedule of rates, payable over time, that it had hoped to supersede with the auction prices.
The regular size is for rooms where the ceilings are from 12 to 20 feet in height, and the smaller Mark II for ceilings up to 10 feet high.
The Thesaurus has sold an estimated 20 million copies since it was first compiled by Dr. Peter Mark Roget, an English physician and lexicographer, and published in 1852 as the ''Thesaurus of English Words and Phrases,'' It classifies words according to ideas and can be used as a dictionary of synonyms and antonyms or by those searching for a word they cannot recall.
Expedited hearings - in conjunction with reform of the current outmoded processes - are the answer.
If Moshe Arens were doing what he really liked best, he would not be Israel's seventh ambassador to the United States.
He was 74 years old.
The Rangers outshot the Flyers, 12-10, in the first period, and 9-6 in the scoreless second period.
Residents of three counties near the Three Mile Island nuclear power plant voted more than 2-to-1 today against putting the plant's undamaged reactor back into service.
With a greater output of goods and services, the money supply would increase naturally, without inflation, and interest rates would be forced down.
''It didn't take us very long to realize that it didn't have any thing to do with the city of Ventura,'' he said, ''but we decided to stick with it.''
Still, the steadily declining turnout at the polls is something to ponder.
All in all, the going wasn't easy -or made any easier by the week's economic indicators.
After first rejecting the proposal by his Defense Secretary, Harold Brown, Mr. Carter accepted a plan that called for 200 missiles moving among 4,600 underground shelters over a vast tract of desert in Nevada and Utah.
Already some signs indicate that there is little room for optimism.
Seatrain had long been plagued by losses and was slimming down its operations when it was forced into bankruptcy proceedings in February 1981 by three Italian creditors with unpaid bills totaling just over $1 million.
The first is the traditional view, still held in some management schools, that women do not advance because they undergo different socialization experiences than men.
''I did four or five, the most famous of which was the introduction of the Princess Telephone.
''Allure'' is set to a lively cabaret score by Mr. Nash, sung by Richard Battaglia, Essie Borden and Judith Elaine and played by the pianist, John Musto, all with zest.
He is still able to dominate during crucial moments, and he did so again tonight.
Anheuser-Busch has a virtual monopoly on popular sporting and entertainment events.
In an effort to be cooperative (and to keep their members at work), the unions deferred the raise until 1978, provided the city then had a balanced budget and was again a welcome borrower at local banks.
''We could feel the heat of the deck through our shoes,'' Captain Salt said Wednesday, in an interview with the British Press Association aboard the Hermes, the aircraft carrier to which some of the survivors from the Sheffield were taken after they abandoned the destroyer.
For Sports Today, see page C5.
If only we could see as straight and think as hard as Newton does here!
Colzie said the catch was the most difficult part of the interception.
Mr. Rome polled 11,350, meaning that the two candidates together polled 3,000 votes fewer than Mrs. Grasso and Mr. Sarasin had done.
Only four men have coached more college basketball games than Meyer: Henry Iba, Adolph Rupp, Ed Diddle and Phog Allen.
Ewing was already on his way to becoming a celebrity, and more significantly, a player believed capable of leading a college team to the Final Four.
For those who have not used up the full tax-free exclusion, a further deposit in an All-Savers certificate could profitably be made in units of $500 or more up to the maximum.
I may just be missing the point, but for me ''A Midnight Clear,'' absorbing as it is at the level of action and event, doesn't achieve a convincing deeper coherence.
''It should be noted that steadily improving performance regardlessof actual mar ket conditions must occur if Chrysler is to remain viable,'' a r eport said.
Mr. de la Madrid was unusually candid in admitting that the inflation of his country was now running at almost 100 percent.
Contributions to the fund are deductible on Federal, state and city income taxes.
GATT promised to ''study'' the issue of services until 1984.
''It was absolutely new to us,'' John F. Sheehan, the attorney, said of Mr. Capote's comments.
Medical epidemiologists were present in four nearby emergency rooms to collect pertinent facts about the runners who suffered severe heat injury, including collapse, altered mental state, and a temperature of 103.5 degrees or more.
My earliest heroes were baseball players who made it from Recreation Park to the bigs: Jim Pagliaroni, Bob Bailey, Ron Fairly.
But according to Dr. Keyworth, when it comes to evaluating, say, birth control research, anti-abortion activists should be considered.
Penn State ranks No.3 in the nation and Alabama is No.4 in the two wire-service polls.
Greater equalization of Federal expenditures in relation to tax payments among the old industrial states of the Snow Belt would appear to require either a major shift of Federal military spending or increases in outlays for programs dealing with such problems as unemployment, lack of vocational training and urban decay.
The first two plays will be brought in at a combined cost of $25,000.
But those who live in the southern areas around White Plains, Scarsdale and Harrison will see their trees defoliated as seriously as last year.
During almost five hours of filming, his wife Nancy, his 15-yearold son Robbie and 11-year-old Jonathan, were encouraged to create their own dialogue and reactions to Mr. Nesbit, as he wrestled with decisions as the supposed quarry of a headhunter.
At that point he said he called General Drori, who came to see him, and the two, in a hail of bullets, tried to observe what was going on from a lookout point that the Israelis maintained.
Unlike the Morse alphabet, however, each ASCII character is represented by the same number of bits, namely, seven.
'Won't Be Because of a Folly' Mr. Costa Mendez and other senior officials said they were satisfied that negotiations were at least continuing.
Martha Lucille Kane and Michael Leonard Savage were married yesterday at the United Church of Christ (Congregational) in Summit, N.J.
.N-K5; 16 B-N2, P-B4 completed a blockade that frustrated his chances of accomplishing anything in the center.
had reneged on a promise to obtain visas for him and his family to emigrate to the United States.
That would probably take a professional refinisher's skills, although it actually depends on how deep the burn mark is.
However, retired men frequently reported feeling older than retired women.
The appearance in the final game was a windfall for players on both sides.
Mayor Harvey I. Sloane has declared himself a candidate for Governor in next year's Democratic primary in Kentucky.
CINCINNATI (NL) - Purchased the contracts of Bill Dawley, pitcher, and Dallas Williams, outfielder, from Indianapolis of the American Association.
Miss Dunaway has had to learn to skate, sing and speak like a Brooklyn native for the play.
In the last national election in 1980, the two coalition parties polled about 66 percent of the vote in Hamburg, the country's biggest industrial city.
The House delegation has 22 Democrats and 21 Republicans; two seats will be added this year.
Emerson will arrange for a serviceman to replace the motor free of charge.
President Reagan's offer of grain to the Soviet Union drew a skeptical response from farm spokesmen and commodity markets.
Larry Keith Robison, who the police say confessed five slayings last week, has been charged with capital murder in one of the deaths.
On a more sophisticated level, the southwest region is particularly exciting in gastronomic terms.
Theodore M. Hesburgh, president of the University of Notre Dame.
Joshua Logan, wandering among the model rooms and buffet tables on the store's fifth floor, said, ''I've worked on productions all my life and never put on one this good.
But he, too, has great speed, elusiveness, and wanting to the as great as Allen.
The larger Cities Service, saying that it wanted 51 percent of Mesa, was offering $21 a share after a tender offer of $17 attracted 41 percent of Mesa's stock.
There were the guitar and the fountains, and the liquid tumbling of the creek that skirted the buildings and played a counterpoint to everything else.
Also showing will be their ''Locale,'' ''Roamin' I'' and ''Blue Studio.''
Donald T. Regan, the Secretary of the Treasury, reportedly has recommended support for the five-cent increase in the gas tax, but with the selection of expenditures left to Congress, rather than recommending $4.4 billion a year for roads and bridges and $1.1 billion for mass transit, as Mr. Lewis has proposed.
The Gem, chartered by the British Atomic Energy Authority, began dropping its cargo of 2,700 metric tons of low-level nuclear waste on Monday about 400 miles off northwestern Spain.
David Maxwell led the Rams with 16 points, 10 of them on free throws, and Edward Bona and Murphy had 12 each.
Textbook publishers are already revising science books to insu re that the controversy will not reduce sales and profits.
''No, we had some rapid communication,'' he said, ''but it wasn't verbal.''
She's out to better her lot in life by bagging a midshipman and becoming the wife of a flyer, preferably one whose duty takes him overseas.
Mrs. Marcos was not in the palace at the time.
The jackets didn't all come close to the body: they could be boxy or bloused.
Foreign currency can be bought from currency dealers, or from large United States or foreign banks.
''They want the money and they want the sanctions reversed, so the new campaign makes no political sense,'' a Western diplomat said.
Cut bodies of the squid into rings about half an inch wide.
''I went to England with Bing and played the Palladium with him just before he died,'' Mr. Bushkin said the other day.
''I was very rebellious, there was always this wild side,'' she said.
Among the upcoming shows are ''The Frozen Image; Scandinavian Photography'' in January, and ''The American Image: Photographs From the National Archives, 1860-1960'' next July.
Miller, a subsidiary of Philip Morris, has a 22 percent share of the total beer market, compared to 32 percent for Anheuser-Busch.
''And I said, 'Stop, Mr. Szabo.
The concert was financed by money from the Japan Foundation, the Cultural Affairs Department of Japan (through the Japan Federation of Composers), the New York State Council on the Arts and contributions from a long list of Japanese corporations.
Discussion in Court ''This case was dismissed by stipulation last Friday,'' said George Saunde rs, the lead lawyer for A.T.&T.
Later, he learned that he was not covered by insurance, that the $1,136 a year he paid in premiums covered only robbery, not burglary.
''Hallways and connecting rooms should have small patterns, to rest the eye,'' said Mr. Denning.
B-Net loss...C-After a loss of $917,000 from discontinued operations
In his continuing campaign to obtain new revenue for highways and mass transit, Transportation Secretary Drew Lewis is favoring new Federal rules to permit large double-trailer trucks in all states.
A wood stove must be at least 36 inches away from an unprotected wall, so yours is obviously too close for safety.
Again, by all accounts, the results are mixed, including U.N.E.P.
''In my judgment, city police do a very competent job,'' he said, adding that that still was not true in ''a number of other cities.''
Analysts suggested, however, that there might have been some pressure from Saudi Arabia.
And even the most enthusiastic supporters of the plastic sack do not see any great acceptance for it in the suburbs.
Her fiance is an alumnus of Princeton University and a fourth-year medical student at George Washington University.
When the document was made public, Dr. Katz and Mr. Cohen said that the league had violated an agreement not to do so.
A few hours later, a North Korean broadcast monitored in Tokyo said he had sought political asylum and denounced the deployment of American forces in South Korea.
Richard C. Bozzuto of Watertown, another gubernatorial candidate, had Mr. Van Norstrand's support in 1980 when Mr. Bozzuto was seeking the United States Senate nomination.
His stock with the Yankees rose as the spring progressed.
In most of Britain, ice cream contains animal fat, and tastes like it; only in Devon and Cornwall is the standard ice cream made from real milk.
Last January, at the National Tennis Center in Flushing Meadows, where Vitas Gerulaitis Sr., the pro, donated court time and equipment, Miss Lippe conducted a tennis clinic for 20 handicapped young people.
In accepting the revised plan on June 10, the Justice Department said it would increase from nine to 12 the number of districts where ''the minority community could choose the incumbent''.
JOHN DREW THEATER - East Hampton, June 27-Aug. 8.
Eight others charged in the Hitachi case have already pleaded not guilty and are expected to stand trial.
Anthony J. Tozzoli, director of the Port Authority's port department, says the coal port project is a race against time.
At the start of the day's trading, the dollar rose in Tokyo to 248.30 yen from Wednesday's 246.90.
Capital and Kroger plan to focus the new business on a geographic area within three miles of the supermarket.
When Mr. Canzeri was a deputy assistant to President Reagan, he had some shirts made up with the rampant alligator emblem encircled by white capital letters identifying the wearer as a White House correspondent.
She had stab wounds and an electric cord around her neck, the police said.
'Pleasant to Move Again' ''I'm still not 100 percent, but it's kind of pleasant to move again,'' Mr. Baryshnikov said.
He was struck by the difference between artists, which he believed had to do with the inventiveness of their work.
And there are worries that the slump could exacerbate racial tensions and increase the potential for violent crime.
The company, known as the ''colossus of Armonk,'' has lost momentum and sales to a host of established rivals and upstarts in the United States, and now faces a serious challenge from Japan.
From his first magazine distributed to high schools in the Pittsburgh area in 1920, Mr. Robinson built a publishing house that produces 34 magazines, five paperback book clubs and a wide range of textbooks and ventures into cable television.
Two young men have been convicted of failing to sign up.
Road Overlooks Beirut By taking the highway, the Israelis could block the Syrians from moving aid westward to beleaguered Palestinians in Beirut.
Even though its staffing is strained to the breaking point, the I.R.S is continuing its stiff examination program of tax shelters with large losses.
He did not think that Moscow believed Washington would risk the destruction of the United States by nuclear weapons to defend Europe.)
The Social Democrats' acceptance of the cuts allows the Free Democrats, who have suffered disastrous losses in recent regional elections, to cast themselves as the guardians of moderation and reality within the coalition.
On Ivan Lendl: ''He's been playing really well for the last six months, with a lot of confidence.
The Horizon Corporation said an affiliate of the United States Home Corporation, Homecraft Land Development of Texas Inc., had failed to make a payment due Aug. 2 on a $2.9 million note secured by part of the Saddlewood Ranch in Tuscon, which Homecraft bought from Horizon.
British officials had no comment on the allegations.
''Westchester lies between Manhattan and Fairfield, but Manhattan shows some signs of overbuilding,'' said Martin S. Berger, president of the Robert Martin Company, a large Westchester County developer.
But the change was not accepted on Miss Walker's block, and now, after six months of racial fighting, fear and tension, a gang of white teen-agers has won an ugly little war.
The Cadets moved to the 11 but no closer.
Earlier in Tokyo, the dollar closed at 245.85 Japanese yen, down from 247.70 on Friday.
THE ORCHIDS By Thomas H. Cook.
Italian terrorism has not been defeated yet, notwithstanding the serious defeats which Italian terrorism is suffering.
Youth's disappearance leaves little to distract the elderly from the special, more serious call that may come for them at any time.
Term Was to Expire in 1985 Judge Friess, who is 41 years old, was named to the Criminal Court by Mayor Koch on June 6, 1979, to a term that would have expired Dec. 31, 1985.
''We have people who have worked for us for 25 years or more.
She bears his child in secret, and only when the child dies and she, too, is dying does she write the letter in which she declares her love.
''Gulden was a completely different ballplayer last year at Columbus,'' said George Steinbrenner, the principal owner of the Yankees.
The house is therefore somewhat removed from the beach - there are times when the waves cannot be heard from the front door - and the spectacular view means that there is a good deal of traffic trying to get a glimpse of the skyline.
Chicken and turkey offer a little more room for choice, both being mild in flavor.
But the equation of ''white'' with ''civilization'' and ''Christianity'' remained their bedrock.
The islands have taken on new value because of fishing and the possibility of offshore oil, but Argentines say economics is not the overriding issue.
Wayne Kramer, formerly the guitarist with Detroit's MC-5, produced the single, and the combination of his experience and the Rousers' energy sounds promising.
Since the passage in 1978 of the tax-cutting referendum called Proposition 13, which sharply reduced local property tax collections, Sacramento has had to take over much of the responsibility for financing operations of schools and local governments.
No estimate of the cost of the damage was given.
Consumer prices in the European Economic Community rose 12.5 percent in the year ending Jan. 31, the community announced today.
He had an aggregate time of 2 minutes 40.95 seconds for two runs.
Pound Is Stronger In London, the British pound rose to $1.7155 from $1.7088 on Tuesday.
Johnny Ray, the Pirates' second baseman, tied a league record by becoming only the second rookie to play in all 162 of his team's games.
The changing fortunes of two Chicago boys as Catholic priests: fiction.
Like that deftly modulated collection, this book manages to be many things - the record, in verse, of an uncommonly intelligent sensibility confronted with the ironies of daily life; a terse, elliptical, highly civilized meditation upon mortality; a splendidly inventive formalist examination of wildly disparate ''forms'' - among them a starving Eskimo woman, spiders whose improvised web-spinning suggests an uncanny kinship with the poet, an elderly gentleman cursed by senility, and doomed African animals contemplating their ''million bones benevolently whitening.''
Reubin Askew of Florida or Senator Gary Hart of Colorado: - The gap b etween the Iowa caucuses and the New Hampshire primary was shortened from 36 days in 1980 to eight days in 1984, diminishingthe lingering publicity impact of the Iowa contest, which is extremely wel l suited for a little-known candidate like Jimmy Carter in 1976.
The Claiborne County chapter of the N.A.A.C.P.
There is a virtual consensus on what must be done.
The overall primary and general election total of these groups was $13.7 million.
The company initially plans to launch low-orbit satellites for such uses as weather forecasting and oil field surveillance.
Despite the torments inflicted on him and his cruel banishment to the closed city of Gorki, Mr. Sakharov has somehow retained a sane balance and generosity, which shame his jailers.
Mr. De Valera is survived by his wife, Vera, and two children by a previous marriage.
But there are other issues, as the following reports indicate.
They did not score until the ninth tonight.
What effect the pleas will have on the shape of the budget is not clear, but several officials and speakers acknowledged that the budget was as much a political document as a financial one.
What is especially remarkable in this exhibition is the way it allows the visitor to follow every twist and turn in the fast-paced development of this movement right up to the time of van Doesburg's death in 1931.
I've seen goalies shut you out, when all year they've been human sieves.
The swollen skin felt like Rice Krispies to the nurses.
In the Nixon-Ford era, those ultrasecret, wide-ranging, argumentstimulating memorandums about national-security problems (rating only compound adjectives) were called ''nissims.''
Texas Instruments retreated 3 points, to 86 5/8, while share prices of its rival manufacturers also tumbled.
Delaware has a 12-inch limit in all waters and a 20-pound maximum in Delaware River and Delaware Bay.
They said twin-engine planes had to demonstrate, in being certified as airworthy by the Federal Aviation Administration, that they were capable of taking off and climbing to safety with one engine if the other one failed.
And so the flags keep unfurling right through the curtain call, at which point a gargantuan Old Glory drops from the heavens to fill the entire proscenium.
As conductor, Kent Nagano showed respect for the music and sympathy for the dancers.
But Mr. Clair, like most merchants in this posh ski resort 100 miles west of Denver, is not complaining.
Departures from the Herman's stores in Huntington and Roosevelt Field on Long Island, Yonkers, Queens, Manhattan (51st and Third Avenue) and Paramus, N.J., are scheduled on Saturdays, Sundays, Wednesdays and Fridays.
While public attention has focused on the Falkland Islands crisis and the President's negotiations with Congress over the 1983 budget, the White House has been quietly preparing for the most concentrated and sustained foreign policy offensive of the Reagan Presidency.
''Just try to get in a bus or a cab wearing one.
When the Chicago markets closed, the spot September Treasury bill futures were up 40 basis points at 90.18.
But Ted Turner, the Braves' owner, said that although he was definitely interested in Bannister, ''there have been no offers made, no demands and no specific discussions of money of any kind.''
According to the Agriculture Department, the number of farms in the United States (increased/decreased) last year.
Thomas A. Parisi, a Bankers Trust spokesman, said that, barring court action, it expected ''quite a large group'' of stockholders who asked to be paid in person to show up Monday at 130 Liberty Street in downtown Manhattan to pick up their checks.
There's the standard scream, and the scene switches to the present time.
She achieved this by making authentic suits, dresses, hats, scarves and even underwear, whenever possible, from original fabrics or, failing that, from fabrics that had been treated to look as they would have at the time.
Towns like Sidon, he said, are desperately in need of food and medical supplies.
Ted Schwinden, who is also a Democrat, said that even the Reagan Administration must be aware that ''any wholesale attempt to dispose of the public domain would cause sort of a reverse version of the 'sagebrush rebellion' throughout the West.''
Mr. Depuy has proven a strong opponent to the trucking lobby and to various state and Federal agencies.
Benjy Papell, a 16-year-old who comes from a tennis-playing family in Sands Point, said he was superstitious about competing on what he called his home court.
The Government's borrowing requirement next year is expected to rise to $15 billion, from an estimated $10 billion this year, according to the Finance Ministry.
Medicaid rolls grew slightly, from 22.5 million recipients in 1981 to 22.9 million this year.
Robert Gibbons, commander of the 20th Precinct squad.
The department has a daily radio program, more than 20 monthly publications and a state airplane.
For the previous 18 years, he worked for Texas Instruments.
His record firmly established, he then headed for the beer business, a calling that must have some attraction for recordbreaking home-run hitters.
''But we tried it again, with 'Yanco' at the UA theater, and we made $9,000 the first week.
Dugan joined the Philadelphia Athletics at 19 in 1917, and in 1922 was traded first to the Boston Red Sox and then to the Yankees.
Again, firefighters from nearby towns turned out, honoring a mutual aid agreement that has existed in one form or another for more than a century.
It did not surprise me that any plant I was affiliated with should be on the way out.
It was in the depths of the cold war, and the idea was that scientists at least should have an objective view and be able to talk to each other.
PORK is an inexpensive meat, mellow and rich without being too heavy.
You have, say, $15,000 in annual tax-deductible interest expense and a $10,000 depreciation write-off.
Much of the credit for the turnabout in the association's fortunes is given to Lynn Ingalls, a technician in biochemistry at the Einstein College of Medicine in New York.
''When my wife has the baby and stops working, it will be very hard for us.
Switzerland Agnes Amberg Cooking School, Zurich; 41-1-34-52-70; ongoing, in English.
For one thing, they don't like to publicize their failures.
The Justice Department report said American families were more likely to have a member attacked in a serious violent crime, meaning rape, robbery or aggravated assault, than to suffer a residential fire or a have family member injured in a car accident.
Although for many years the Falashas were believed to be the objects of discrimination, concern about their plight has increased recently.
''Amok'' is another powerful variation on mad passion, and ''The Royal Game,'' perhaps the most extraordinary of all these tales, uses the game of chess as a terrifying metaphor for schizophrenia.
Mr. Carey, on the other hand, displays no such reticence.
Nor do they know how long it will take if the cells recondition themselves.
His father is retired from the Champion Tool and Die Company.
This question will be one of the major issues of the licensing hearings.
Dayco Corporation said it had discharged two managers after an internal investigation into its production of millions of dollars of goods for nonexistent Soviet orders.
Gen. Mustafa Tlas, declared that the Syrian army was continuing the struggle ''in spite of Israel's savage methods and destructive weapons.''
''I was a fan,'' he said.
Add thighs to saucepan and set aside.
At the Johns Hopkins University Press, John Irwin, director of the Writing Seminars at the university and series editor of the fiction and poetry program for the press, explained: ''We publish short fiction rather than novels because collections of short stories are becoming an endangered species.''
There's a flash of cheekbone beyond an impatiently poised shoulder, and there she is.
Of his deserved reputation as the silent Ranger, he said, softly: ''I used to be a lot quieter, shyer.
There are also stay-up stockings, socks, body stockings and socks for men and babies.
Division officials had objected to Mr. Johnson's participation on grounds that the Webb Corporation had hired prostitutes for gamblers in Nevada, received kickbacks from a brewing company and reportedly donated ''laundered'' money to Nevada political campaigns while he headed the corporation in the 1960's and 1970's.
After college he went to Paris for a time and began to write.
In its first report on Israeli casualties, the military command said this morning that as of midnight Monday, 25 Israelis had been killed and 96 wounded, 11 severely, since the invasion began.
The top three floors of their apartment house were destroyed in an Israeli air strike.
In the 1960's, the old City Hall was considered out of date architecturally and a depressing reminder of urban decay.
As part of that process, Mr. Carey and the leaders had certified that in their opinion the budget was in balance.
Mr. Reagan had earlier warned that without further cuts in expenditures from Congress, the deficit would be as high as $182 billion for the fiscal year 1983, $216 billion for 1984 and $233 billion for 1985.
The plan, he said, may have been speeded up after the assassination.
At the lower end of this scale, there is, for example, Abruzzi, 1 Via del Vaccaro (telephone 6793897), where the rich selection of largely vegetable hors d'oeuvres that the customer chooses from a table is particularly attractive.
Israelis have called other such attacks violations of a cease-fire arranged by the United States last July after sharp fighting in Lebanon.
A survivor of the Nazi Holocaust who cheated fellow survivors out of $47,000 in reparation payments from the West German Government has been sentenced to 12 years in prison.
The Atlanta Journal and The Atlanta Constitution said doctors in the area reported diagnosing 25 cases of polycythemia vera in the last 25 years.
Mr. Perry's drumming is spare and telling; he doesn't play a single gratuitous accent.
The current team gained its 31st victory of the season, defeating the Calgary Flames, 4-2, on goals by Ron Duguay, Mark Pavelich, Eddie Johnstone and Mike Rogers.
Reliance on Oil Income But the explosive growth relied on rising world oil prices and enormous liquidity in international financial markets to cover huge budget deficits and to maintain a fixed parity for the peso.
Dark clouds drifted in over the park's 11,000 acres as the other boats returned to the beach and Mr. DiSalvo described the origin of his organization.
Mr. Roscetti said that the accounting board decided to change the rule after the Securities and Exchange Commission asked several companies to classify their liabilities that way at the end of last year.
Box 189, Plano, Ill. 60545, has a suggested price of $8.75 and measures 14 3/4 by 9 1/8 by 6 7/8 inches.
Machine-made products are so expertly produced that even knowledgeable Toledeans admit the difficulty of recognizing them as such.
Data Terminal Systems Inc., said it had laid off about 290 employees, or about 19 percent of its work force worldwide and was cutting expenses by about 25 percent.
McClanahan was twice voted the team's ''most determined player'' at the University of Minnesota.
Brown, whose decision to leave Atlanta came as a surprise to officials here, emerged as a national figure in law enforcement as he led an investigation into a string of unsolved deaths of young blacks here over a 22-month period.
Remove any seeds, and then slice the quarters paper-thin.
What Democrats may not be able to answer is the Republican charge that their call for fairness amounts to little more than a rehashing of the tired Democratic theme of more Government spending for the poor - the old big-spending liberal ideas that many swing voters rejected in 1980.
Harry Angstrom of ''Rabbit, Run'' is in the chips but still unfulfilled: fiction.
The decision upheld an interpretation of the Glass-Steagall Act by the Federal Reserve.
Brooklyn 68, York 52 Rick Davis blocked 12 shots and got 13 rebounds for Brooklyn College in a City University Conference game.
Director, New York City Bureau of Child Health New York, Nov. 21, 1982
The Dance Theater of Harlem, at City Center from Jan. 25 to Feb. 27, will present three programs that include five ballets never performed by the company, and the New York premiere of John Butler's ''Othello.''
Electronic Scat Singing The ''circular road'' that has taken Mr. Urbaniak from electronic music back to acoustic music has also affected his wife, who sings with the group.
''This is the first time that I can remember of an out-and-out confrontation between a president and an editor on an Ivy League campus.''
The omission is serious because it is Jill Robinson's laughter, however much it smacks of the gallows, that lifts her higher than many of her fellow travel writers.
Under a proposed consent order signed by Permian, the Energy Department said, $7 million of the overcharges would be paid directly to the United States Treasury and the remainder to Permian's customers.
The chairman of the board of trustees has established a special committee of trustees to review conditions at the school.
Because Federal law currently prohibits banking companies from controlling banks outside their home states, a merger between Chemical and Florida National, based in Jacksonville, would require a change in the law, which Chemical expects to happen in the next few years.
Much of it merely repeats language adopted by the Assembly in February, asserting that Israel ''is not a peaceloving member state'' and calling on nations to break all possible relations with Israel.
The morality of writers is a constant theme.
''I was going up against Darrell Griffith,'' said Richardson, ''and he is not noted for his defense.
Mr. Crabiel, a Middlesex County Freeholder since 1978, said he wanted to make sure that the 10 counties and two cities covered by the agency did not lose out ''in deference to some entity out in California.''
; 20 R-Q2 (20 K-N1, NxRP!
By 1940 Mr. Dubinsky was conducting secret negotiations with William Green, then president of the American Federation of Labor, for a return of the garment workers to the Federation.
Yr-ago figures have been restated to reflect an accounting change in foreign currency translations; yr-ago shr earnings have been adjusted for a 5-for-4 stock split in Dec 1981
Still, his face twisted with pain and he clutched his side, but he seemed almost not to care.
''The recent rapid growth in money supply during a recession puts the Fed in a terrible policy dilemma,'' said Paul W. Boltz, a money market economist at the Continental Illinois National Bank.
But the fanfare was short-lived as the P.L.O.
The image exists without interfering comment.
They say the inmates show uncommon drive and ability.
But the airlines are gingerly nudging their way into heavier material, and ''Whose Life Is It, Anyway?''
The count was also reported at 64.
The foliage of some lepidotes gives off a spicy aromatic odor when rubbed gently.
But a 19-ampere electrical current was found to be flowing through a ground circuit three days after Jeffrey Nathan, 27, of Fair Lawn, died after taking the ride.
It is in studies that reveal what is actually happening in the brain that the most progress is being made.
''It's unbelievable what you go through mentally,'' said Mrs. Coll from California.
Volunteer lawyers have helped clients in court in cases where zoning laws were ambiguous.
One is reluctant to believe that what is wanted is that Moscow should order the Government in Warsaw to undo what has been done since Dec. 13, and to restore the status quo ante, because such exertion of authority by Moscow over Warsaw is precisely what we profess to deplore.
The problem with ''Am I Getting Paid For This?''
''I don't know what's going on,'' Dent had said before the game.
I talk to Brian Kelley, Harry Carson, Bill Currier and Beasley Reece, the guys in the middle of the defense.
In Israel's case, the organization became an octopus that had to grow more and more tentacles, to be able to catch more and more fish, to feed an ever hungrier shark.
And he wondered about them.
He has had only one fight in the last 15 months, and was not paid for it because the promoter did not make money.
And so, along with the genial worldliness comes a blithe, aristocratic anti-Semitism which just might, depending on your mood, ruin all the fun.
One is a splendid turtle with a head like a dragon and a shell edged with curling fronds, all stitched in gold on blue- black silk; another is adesign of cocks, hens and chicks within a cir cle of bamboo all embroidered in threads of soft brown, green, black and silvery white on a blue-green ground.
Earrings shaped like black plastic pistols were another story.
At one point yesterday, the bond markets rallied on reports that Larry Speakes, a White House spokesman, had said that the Fed would cut the discount rate.
Genentech was up 1 1/2 Friday at 47 3/4 bid, 48 asked in the overthe-counter market.
It was a little more forceful than that.''
Another Derby possibility from today's field of 10 is Lejoli, who rallied to finish fourth under Angel Cordero.
Representatives of at least two such governments replied that a military takeover would be frowned upon, and could easily be dangerous, but that no one thought the needed aid would cease if it happened.
The committee was formed to look into charges of Government midconduct in the Abscam operation, which led to the indictment and conviction of seven members of Congress on influence-peddling charges.
But it was bumpier, because every one of the ''light and variable'' winds that sounded innocuous on the ground played with the small aircraft.
''Fifth of July,'' the hit play by Lanford Wilson, will end its run at the New Apollo Theater, 234 West 43d Street, after this Sunday's matinee.
Wiley later charged Nastase with an ''audible obscenity'' and assessed him a penalty point when the Rumanian assailed him for not having allowed him two serves on a disputed play.
After a stint in the Air Force, Mr. Bradford moved to New York and rejoined Mr. Coleman's band.
''I find that companies in general don't know their own products or markets enough, so a little work on the salesman's part gives him an edge and makes him valuable.''
marked the end of an era in antitrust law and very likely the beginning of an era in information and telecommunications t echnology.
We must now bring life in the islands back to normal as quickly as possible despite the difficult conditions and the onset of the Antarctic winter.
The turf, however, was Mr. Whitney's most abiding sporting interest.
At two-year intervals, volunteer researchers will find out how many deaths have occurred in the study group and will correlate the cause of death with the person's style of life.
Communication problems would have prevented South from collecting the nine tricks he appears to have in sight.
The percentage of those seeing faster rates gets smaller with rising income and more education.
Meanwhile, one of the three lawyers signing the brief said in a footnote that he personaly disagreed with Administration's position.
Well, can't you just say how you feel about the tactics that were employed?
Lee S. Dreyfus stunned the state when he declared late last month that he was through as Governor, and would only serve out his last year while trying to erase a budget deficit of more than $300 million.
There will be a book sale at the library and some of the town's regular attractions will be open, including a doll museum and the Black River and Western Railroad, which runs between Flemington and Ringoes for the fun of it.
Despite his conviction and two-year jail sentence, Mr. Margiotta, the Nassau Republican chairman, still has a lot of generous supporters who want to remain friendly to him.
I do not want to be a deskbound manager.''
The students need not repay any money after completing the occupational therapy program.
The company is close to an agreement with the Pentagon on a $28 million contract to build the motors.
Some sealed the document twice, for reasons that aren't yet clear to us.''
The mood was grim but business went along as usual in the early morning hours as exercise riders galloped their horses at Aqueduct and Belmont Park, although there is no thoroughbred racing in New York on Tuesdays.
And, half a world away, Britain and Argentina were poised to go to war over the Falkland Islands, a crisis that absorbed world attention and engaged United States diplomacy.
''Exposed'' began filming in Paris in late November.
The Wings had been owned by the Norris family for half a century.
JOHN M. PRENDERVILLE, Chairman, New York State Athletic Commission, New York, Dec. 1, 1982
Mr. Gianacakes said yesterday that Research-Cottrell had been restructured into four operating groups from two groups and 10 divisions.
That Exeter will keep students who cut, fight, or smoke dope?
The darkness seemed to swarm in gouts of crepuscular particles over the windshield; cuts of sky were revealed and masked and revealed again by the motion of the high branches.''
''We're absolutely convinced that the Marxist-Leninist plan is for the state to take over the economy,'' said one business leader, ''but this hasn't been possible because of the lack of resources and opposition from governments in Western Europe.''
has agreed to a credit for Argentina of $2.1 billion.The funds would become available over a 15-month period.
''I was sort of thinking about winning the Travers earlier this year, but on Timely Writer,'' Fell said as he relaxed after the race.
Acted When Legislature Didn't Grocers, bottlers and some labor organizations are the financial mainstay for the opposition.
On the other hand and to his credit, the photographer takes the same benign view of prosperous citizens - like Adele deLeeuw of Plainfield, who poses on her sofa below what appears to be a painting of herself as a young woman in Spanish garb.
Another variance sought concerns the increase in the garage height from one floor to four floors, and the roof parking as well.
Higher interest rates raise the cost of financing purchases of a wide variety of manufactured goods.
A. Oh, Sam, there are a number of opportunities that go back a long way and it can go back to people that are presently paying in and a long way from collecting.
Pate and Zoeller, his companions in the final threesome, finished at 272 and 273.
EAST HAMPTON - 16th Annual Motorcar Meet and Flea Market, Smith St., 7 A.M. to 4 P.M. Aug. 1.
When the main building of the New York Public Library on Fifth Avenue was designed in 1897, its very purpose was something new: Libraries were mostly the private preserves of an educated class, not places for the general public at all.
There are now about 850 G.M.
In reply to a question about the effect he thought the negotiations might have on antinuclear sentiment in the United States and Europe, Mr. Rowny replied that he hoped they would help to replace emotion with a more reasoned approach.
As a second-year player, the pitcher is not eligible for salary arbitration or free agency; the club is entitled to renew his old contract unilaterally at a 20 percent pay cut if an agreement is not reached by mid-March.
Sybil Shearer, herself a highly individualistic modern dancer, described a 1949 concert in Chicago most penetratingly: ''One has to transport oneself into Cunningham's world as though you were listening to the language of animals and insects.
Earlier, more Argentine troops were reported flown to the Falklands, and a rally to demonstrate Argentina's national unity was scheduled for Saturday.
According to the orders contained in paragraph 18 of the Commission of Inquiry Law, it stipulates there that the commission of inquiry will hold its hearings in public, but is permitted to hold a discussion behind closed doors if it becomes convinced that this is necessary for the sake of protecting the security of the state, the state's foreign relations or secret proceedings of the Israeli Government or for the sake of defending morality or the safety of a person.
There you can sign in and receive a free card permitting entrance to the refuge.
The person n el problems go further.
That's why I'm such a great exponent of stopping this whole nonsense of war and attempt to limit war have always failed.
As a result, it has become easy for Social Security's enemies, like President Reagan, to sell the idea that the system is about to go bankrupt and needs to be saved.
At that time we were the Visual Arts Committee of the Council for the Arts at Glen Cove.
But a Rodino spokesman, who asked not to be identified, contended that the Supreme Court decision regarding the Bankruptcy Courts and the changes sought by consumer-lender lobbyists were ''totally separate.''
The assignment does not affect the relation between Hallmark and Ogilvy & Mathe r, which does advertising for its Ambassador brand.
ARYEH NEIER, Vice Chairman, Fund for Free Expression New York, March 19, 1982
''It might begin slowly, but I'm sure the advertising community is going to use every trick in the book for their clients to get more air time.
Can anyone seriously challenge Martina Navratilova for the $100,000 top prize in the Avon women's tennis championships this week at Madison Square Garden?
He had been seeking $350,000 a year, and the Giants had been offering $235,000.
Saving New Jersey's remaining farmland, protecting the pinelands and safeguarding the state's coastal resources are some of the projects that Victoria has financed.
The Governors of Indiana and Ohio issued emergency declarations for several counties after aerial tours of the flooded regions on Sunday.
In early drafts of Mr. Reagan's speech, the phrase ''New Federalism'' was used; it was dropped in final drafts lest odious comparisons be made with a previous Administration.
Midland also owns the Thomas Cook Group, the largest travel services organization in the world, and 20 percent of European American Bancorp of New York.
The set rate will be $7.50 for the first minute and $1.25 for each additional minute.
The nervous and confused activity was attributed to anticipation of the weekly statistics of the American Petroleum Institute, which are issued after the close each Wednesday.
Each gets somewhat over $200 million a year in project aid.
The list grew so rapidly that we realized we had a language, or at least a dialect, on our hands.
Mr. Doctorow, who will co-produce ''The Book of Daniel'' with Mr. Lumet, will take the Writers Guild minimum.
''The comrades from Haiti started their studies (6 April).
LAIRE M. GERBER, Port Republic, N.J.
Synanon charges that the station's coverage of a purchase of 138 guns by the organization falsely made Synanon appear to be a terrorist group.
Those favoring withdrawal contend that membership has hurt Greenland's fishing industry by opening up its waters to other fishing fleets.
Actions in Criminal Cases But if there is one safe conclusion about her performance so far, it is that surprises may be frequent for those who think they can predict Justice O'Connor's votes.
Responsibility for Details He also had to concern himself with annoying and niggling details at the center.
Already, the park, which opened two years ago, is the home of the nation's fledgling semiconductor business and several small computer companies.
That was the wrong thing, I was told.
Mr. Reagan, in a letter accepting the credentials of Francisco Fiallos Navarro, warned Nicaragua against the ''consequences of inviting alien influences and philosophies in the hemisphere.''
Administration officials and legislators now see the public mood as shifting.
They were a bigger school, a bigger team and they were favored to win.
The final legislation may cut a little more than 5 percent from the $250 billion in new budget authority that the President sought.
The meetings, first with Republican leaders and then with some Democrats as well, largely centered on the problems some Congressmen have with the idea of tax cuts rather than on specific provisions in the bill drawn up by the Senate.
And the no-nonsens e stance for the night was captured in the work of Maurice Lucas, wh o had 8 rebounds in the period.
The band's contract with Great Adventure, which runs through the end of August, calls for six, 40-minute shows on Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
Details on QE2 sailings may be obtained from Cunard Line, 555 Fifth Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10017 (212-661-7500).
Connecticut officials, on the other hand, say the subway's turnstiles would be able to detect the difference if they were not so worn out.
Crisp, a Cunard official, pausing on the deck of the graceful liner, now being refitted in Southhampton to resume her trans-Atlantic crossing schedule on August 14.
Peter D. Hart, a leading Democratic polltaker, said Mr. Reagan is still in a position to take advantage of a willingness to sacrifice among the American people, shown in the Times/CBS News Poll.
Washington appears to be witnessing a series of failures of leadership and the exercise of power in the White House and in Congress unlike anything since the Reagan era began.
Mustafa K. Tolba, executive director of the program, said in a recent visit to Washington: ''It used to be that the developing countries said that environmentalism was a plot to keep them from developing.
At today's closing, checks will be exchanged covering a $200 million construction loan from Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company, and the city will turn over a $21.5 million Federal urban development action grant.
The sender types a message, dials the receiver's number and transmits the message, which is printed out at the other end.
Final approval of the transaction rests with the league's board of governors.
Size of Jump Noted Analysts were impressed by the jump in sales because it was so large, meaning that revisions will not wash it out.
Mr. Murphy said a three-quarter-inch valve used to drain waste gas had been deliberately opened, permitting the radioactive gas to escape into the compressor room at the plant.
He took the job in August 1980 at a time when Opel was struggling to overcome a slump in sales and profits.
''I am tired of me,'' he says midway in the novel.
Don't forget how much this country was built on exports.''
He and the farmers he refuses to identify removed Mr. Cryts's beans, worth about $280,000 at the time, from the bankrupt Ristine, Mo., elevator early last year.
In the north-central city of Bucaramanga, a bomb exploded outside an army headquarters and another exploded outside a Conservative Party office.
''We found out less than we hoped from Mr. Sindona,'' Mrs. Anselmi said.
Robert Cashell, whose business interests include moderate-size casinos, said that Mr. Reilly had approached him to discuss the possibility of purchasing a casino.
At the same time the 44-year-old Senator indicated that he would play a passive role in the campaign, generally confining himself to ''local fund raisers.''
''Why don't you be fair with me?''
A reception, planned on the grounds of the Bush home, was moved to the Kennebunk River Club because of rain.
On the next series, the quarterback Joe Dufek led a Yale march, but Thompkins blocked a 31-yard field-goal attempt by Bill Moore.
A master showman, he befuddled batters with a windmill windup and a repertoire of ''trouble'' and ''nothin' '' balls.
Coleco said it does not infringe any valid patent and that the Atari suit is without merit.
Bell confirming the decision to use the 1970 data.
guerrillas from Beirut to eight Arab countries in August and September, and it has sent more than 1,000 Marines to Beirut as part of a 4,000-man peacekeeping force that helps the Lebanese Army to maintain order in the capital.
It should have been cut into one or two thicker slices, or cubed.
That time, in combination with the athletic performances preceding it, greatly affected the lives of each of those players.
Bendix, which produces automotive and aerospace components, said that Mr. Agee, 44 years old, and Miss Cunningham, 30, were married Saturday in ''a small double-ring ceremony'' in San Francisco.
Les Amis du Vin will also hold a Fall Wine Festival from 2 to 5 P.M. next Sunday at the same location.
In the Dec.1-20 period, which had 17 selling days this year and last, the five domestic manufacturers sold 286,225 new cars, up 23.9 percent from sales last year of 230,978.
Each commissioner, of course, will be paid in full when the President signs a supplemental money bill.
He termed the airline's chances of reaching an agreement ''higher'' than at any time in the past, but declined to predict success.
Law enforcement officials said Miss Baraldini was the national treasurer of a radical leftist group, the May 19th Coalition.
A joint statement on trade contained little that was specific or likely to increase sales of French products significantly.
''I've run for re-election twice without the diminishing of the administration.
I was doing 12 or 14 interviews a day.
The others are either incompetent or waste time trying to create naturalistic characterizations when none are warranted.
And he throws his voice not only in the traditional ploy of having his dummy cry out from inside his carrying case, but also, in an absolutely masterly bit, he takes the clothing off a dummy that is actually his dressedup fist, and the naked fingers of his right hand continue to talk to him.
Mr. Fox was named chairman, a post that has been vacant since 1974, and continues as chief executive.
As the evacuation of children and adults was completed, buses would shuttle between the Reception Centers and Congregate Care Centers for adults and the School Reception Centers, allowing parents without cars to retrieve their children.
In fact, one said, SS-20 site preparation ''continues at this time.''
A concrete jungle of high-rise buildings close to downtown Washington, Rosslyn was given the land for a much-needed pocket park by Virginia's Arlington County.
''The sofa is small enough so it seems to disappear into the wall and the back is low, enabling me to hang prints and paintings above it.''
He has appointed a committee that will look into possible isolated abus es, but he promises that nothing will take away from the integral goodness of big-time college sports.
But do anything really foolish?
The people President Reagan appointed to tame the Legal Services Corporation bowed out last week in a blaze of recriminations.
Eddie Jones, the Saints president, was reached Saturday in Houston and said, ''I was aware after the fact that Reese came to Fred, indicating there was something of a drug problem on the team.
The proposal was far ahead in early returns.
An old-fashioned form of pidgin English is spoken; don't call anyone a ''turkey,'' ''varlet,'' ''metsfan'' or ''wimp.''
Still, as a historical curiosity - this was a first New York performance - the exhumation had its merits.
In the end, the women are forced to work together vigorously when the Union villains become threatening again.
And, by November, when the two target areas were further splintered because of crime problems developing elsewhere in the precinct, robberies in the first target area had climbed to 37 a month.
He said the search for the acquisition had been narrowed to a few industries, but declined to be more specific.
However, it does not engage in power plays or politics.
When he was pressed further, he said, ''How much can you fault Red's coaching.
When she had gone, he wrote her bewildered letters.
SSC&B, one of the major arms of the Interpublic Group of Companies, contributed no work but was represented by its president, Malcolm D. MacDougall, a creative type, who began as an observer and ended up a commentator.
But Congress was sympathetic to opposition from the business community last fall, so enactment of this proposal seems doubtful.
As James E. Leiss, the Department of Energy associate director for high energy and nuclear physics, unhappily admits, $120 million of the C.B.A.
The average maturity is about 10 years and the sponsors promise to maintain a secondary market, so that units will be liquid and can be redeemed before maturity without penalty at the market value.
Role of Conservative Party The Republicans also did not have to contend with the Conservative Party then, but now the Conservatives' influence has actually increased as the Republican Party appears to have grown weaker.
In addition to chemical artillery shells and the Bigeye bomb, the Army is thinking about trying to put nerve-gas warheads on groundlaunched cruise missiles to be deployed in Europe.
Mr. Upton takes the view that Mr. Nolan's argument rests on ''grounds that the probate court doesn't have any jurisdiction over.''
But while Congress is taking a fresh look, as Senator Nancy L. Kassebaum, sponsor of one bill to limit tax expenditures put it, the Administration is sharply divided.
Much has been written, studied and pondered about the effects of abortion on women.
Chet Lemon hit a tworun homer in the third inning.
John W. Harbour Jr., executive director of Sleepy Hollow, said the restoration was considered a ''unique opportunity'' to preserve an example of Hudson River Valley architecture for future generations.
The Brewers are going after their first world championship, the Cardinals their first in 15 years.
Beginning in 1935, the eight managers in each league picked the squads and the All-Star managers picked the starting teams.
After the Michelin guides, the best book to have in Paris is ''A Touch of Paris,'' a guide put together by a group of young Americans who live there.
The address is Question Box, SportsMonday, The New York Times, 229 West 43 d Street, New York, N.Y.10036.
Chrysler lauds the ''master car builders of Japan'' in advertisements to sell the cars it imports from Mitsubishi.
Seven unions had offered Mr. Allbritton staff cuts totaling more than $30 million.
Robert R. Johnson, who was the principal architect of main-frame computers at the Burroughs Corporation, joined Energy Conversion Devices a few months ago after three years on its board of directors.
And it lies on the edge of a state with a wealth of natural resources.
'Pattern of Illicit Conduct' The Commissioner said the same treatment awaited a licensed merchant ''if we see a pattern of illicit conduct.''
C onquistador Cielo is the sensation of the season and an extraordinarily fast horse, but his record syndication price does not make him the greatest horse of all time, or even of the last five years.
that consistently makes a profit, have been used to help subsidize the operation of the city's subways and the commuter lines since 1969.
Mr. Hauspurg was born in Brooklyn and earned a degree in electrical engineering from Columbia University.
She said she was trying to discover the identity of its owner.
One year into what the headlines choose to call Socialist France (without the headlines it would be hard to recognize it as such) the French find it easier to summon up emotion about the idea than the reality.
''Andrew's presence is exceedingly unfortunate since it gives credence to the notion of European princelings coming to subdue emerging nations,'' Mr. Dalyell said in a telephone call to the Prime Minister's office.
But Jack Daniel's has been able to buck the trend, thanks to a clever marketing strategy that has made virtues of its high price and sometime scarcity.
I spotted the Chinese charge and I told my people, 'O.K., this is the time, we're going to make our move to get this guy.'
The only other microfilm copy will remain in the possession of the Ortega y Gasset Foundation, in Madrid, where for many years he held the chair of metaphysics at the university and where he died in 1955.
Tiffany Cohen captured the women's 400-meter freestyle tonight to qualify for her second world championship event during the United States swinnimg trials.
They'll walk through the church, and if they see someone alone, sure, they'll mug them.''
Throughout all this, Reuven also maintains his distance, attending college with a group of Jewish friends who are less sympathetic to the Hasidic way of life.
Planning deterrence, he asserted, ''is not planning to fight a protracted nuclear war.''
''The companies I'm talking about are the companies that built America,'' he said.
At 201 East Capitol Street, S.E., Washington.
Most prostheses, including the one Dr. Kaufer's group has used with considerable success, are cemented to the leg bones in the operating room.Another type, developed at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, has a porous surface into which the bone grows.
Jerry Falwell's Moral Majority - last year advocated a boycott of advertisers who sponsor shows deemed heavy in sex and violence.
Long (D) Y Y 3.
London and Buenos Aires were in such a position almost from the outset.
I suggest the law be amended to allow police officers to break into cars to turn off alarms after 11 P.M.; alternatively, such alarms could be banned within the city limits.
Also a running threa t. No quarterback had a better season.
''They were enraged,'' the Georgia Democrat recalled.
R eservations are needed for these campgrounds and the basic fees for overnight use range from $4 to $7 a day.
That would deny Mr. Arafat a face-saving ''mutual'' withdrawal and give Israel a veto over Lebanon's future.
''We got bored with all the matched sets of dishes around, and we wanted something that would offer new possibilities,'' explained Mr. Wolf.
The survey found little trans-Atlantic friction at grass-root level, except in France and Spain.
He was soon assigned to a second-division club where, after undergoing three knee operations by the age of 19, his talent blossomed and he led his new club into the first division.
Elizabeth Beers was her sister's maid of honor.
''Roberta can munch her way across a park,'' said an admiring colleague.
We have Harbor City, in Baltimore, where you can prove that you have brought people up several grade levels in 90 hours of instruction.
On some days, 37 years after the end of World War II, it appears that a third Germany has developed here alongside the Sovietdominated German Democratic Republic and the West Germany of the 1960's and 70's.
''Much of the Jan. 6 increase was a product of the calendar that will be reversed in the next three weeks,'' Mr. Olsen said.
The 67 nontariff barriers marked for Government action are from a list of 99 such barriers that have produced complaints to the Japanese Government from many nations, though most come from the United States and Europe.
Gratia Lousma, the commander's wife, said, ''We don't want you to get too comfortable up there and decide to stay.''
as I was three months ago, or 17 years ago,'' Mr. Van Dyke said.
But the graduates' response was simplified by copies of the speech distributed in advance and marked with footnotes directing them to applaud, shout, groan or hiss at the appropriate moments.
All three candidates for the Democratic Party's nomination had been products of the insurgency of the 60's and 70's - Kennedy nostalgic, Carter contemporary, Brown futuristic.
- James A. Lewis, the Libertarian Party candidate, offers himself as an ''alternative'' to the other three candidates and emphasizes his party's advocacy for a sharply reduced role for Government.
Others are likely after divestiture is completed in 1984, agency officials said.
W. Norman Buckingham, Harvester spokesman, said that the sale was ''in line with the company's strategy to concentrate on its core businesses - trucks and tractors.''
Princeton University has raised more than $10 million during this year's annual fund-raising campaign, according to Joseph L. Bolster Jr., the director of the university's Annual Giving program.
Or pitching teammates who compiled an 18-65 record in the Mets' first two seasons: Roger Craig Anderson.
A query to Thompson on Feb. 3 generated by reports of a shake-up in the media department was met by a prepared statement that an internal audit had disclosed improper record-keeping in the syndication unit and that Mrs. Luisi had been suspended without pay.
Not only that - there must be a lot of sales within each franchise that gives it the marketing power it needs.''
According to news reports, some young people in Peking and Shanghai were punished for dancing at ''obscene'' private disco parties earlier this year.
John' s view,'' Dr. Hovde said, ''was to recover the traditionof the West i n a more thoroughgoing way than any other institution inAmerica tried to do.''
Mr. Elliot, of Intel, said engineers had less to fear from the boom-and-bust cycles that have soured some of them on the stability of the career.
This biography of Abigail Smith Adams (1744-1818), unschooled daughter of a Massachusetts minister, early feminist, wife of President John Adams and mother of President John Quincy Adams, is in essence the story of a 54-year marriage that worked.
Seldom has there been such a vendetta between a pioneering research team and their relentless pursuers.
'Explore the Differences' ''My plan was to explore the differences between my program for economic growth and the politics of the past,'' he said.
''This is the great national pastime.
Although Mr. King's command of so many different idioms sometimes threatens to dilute his musical personality, his academicism is fired with an enthusiasm that makes almost everything he does register emotionally.
China insists that the entire colony was seized illegally by the British through unequal treaties in the 19th century and must in principle be given back.
The program, with a picture of the Statue of Liberty on its cover, was from last year, but no one minded.
Mr. Phelps, who frequently complained this season that he had lost five or six good basketball players to other schools in recruiting battles last spring, said today that two of those players had been paid $10,000 each to attend one college and that a third player had been paid $10,000 to attend another.
And then there is Terry Fox's ''Internal Sound,'' a kind of intergalactic drone achieved by stringing two piano wires from end to end of a Bolognese church and plucking them with the fingers.
Sequels are no longer a novelty in Hollywood.
Each time the American Ambassador, William Kontos, meets President Nimeiry, the encounter is given prominence in the state-controlled press and broadcasting, reinforcing the association between Washington and the general's unpopular measures, Western diplomats said.
''Good Lord, you sat around here for 10 weeks with them.
Yankees Win Topps Award The Yankees also were named winners of the baseball Organization of the Year award given by Topps Chewing Gum Inc.
Professor Blumstein said he expected Pennsylvania's prison population to peak about the year 1990, based on the sentencing structure of the late 1970's.
''And you know what's new?
seems to be related to the bitterness of the artificial sweetener saccharin.
'Always a Small Change' Mr. Waldron studied classical piano as he grew up and has dedicated a tune to the Dada minimalist composer Erik Satie.
The Internal Revenue Service requires estimated payments from those with income not subject to withholding, i.e, the self-employed, salaried individuals who also have free-lance income, and people with interest, dividend or rental income above a certain level.
To oppose growing Soviet penetration in Latin America, the United States should befriend not the ''authoritarianism'' of the oligarchs and generals but rather the nationalism of the people.
PHILADELPHIA (NHL) - Returned Steve Smith, defenseman and first-round draft choice, to Sault Ste.
Fresh Pond in Hither Hills State Park is isolated and has both species of bass and there is a good spot to launch a canoe or skiff.
Moreover, fear of Mr. Reagan's political powers has clearly dwindled.
His mother, Geraldine Kunstadter, is director of the host family program of the New York City Commission for the United Nations and for the Consular Corps.
He was considered the middleman between the jockeys and organizedcrime interests, which gambled on the fixed races.
The issue is more important than internal disagreements between Government agencies.
It's improper policy to emphasize the business end.''
Tell him to keep up the good work.''
All this kind of suit does is to raise the cost to the taxpayers.''
Insiders say that Mr. Johnson is the top contender for the job of Assistant Secretary, whether or not the Ture postion is abolished.
He nodded, but said, ''There are still too many things left out there.''
Baseball Mets vs. Montreal Expos, doubleheader, at Shea Stadium, Roosevelt Avenue and 126th Street, Flushing Meadows, Queens, noon.
He said he was tempted to call them ''unbelievers'' but thought better of it.
''And we feel good about the features the dancers feel good about,'' he said.
''Anyone who saw the debate on television would say Morial was the winner in that.
As a result, the Nuremberg trial dragged on for al most a year longer than scheduled.
Mr. Heflin added that several Senators had spoken to him recently of their concern about ''government overinvolvement'' in Abscam.
Today at 3 o'clock, the violinist Miriam Fried and the pianist Garrick Ohlsson (of White Plains) play Schubert, Faure and Beethoven at the State University of New York at Purchase.
''We turned it up to 95 and that showed us that it was still not reaching the maximum that the heart is capable of pumping, which meant that the heart still had some automatic reserve in it,'' Dr. Jarvik said.
Jan thought he was saying that if she wasn't on the bus by 9, she might as well forget their relationship.
He heard solid support for martial law and for his promise of continued severity against violators; he heard only denunciations of Solidarity and the ''extremists'' who he said hijacked its leadership, and he found no disagreement with his program of ''national reconciliation'' along lines that would effectively exclude the indepdendent labor union Solidarity in the shape it had before military rule.
Morgan clearly has the better exhibition-game record, having permitted only one run and six hits in 12 innings.
Mr. Shad said that the ''vast majority of shareholders have been alerted and are able to respond within 10 days.''
Behind the red door at Elizabeth Arden, however, things are looking up.
Her father is chairman of the Virginia International Company, an oil and gas exploration concern in Staunton, and president of Enstar Indonesia.
- ''The Covenant'' by James A. Michener (Fawcett, $4.95).
''We still have quite a bit of room to maneuver,'' Mrs. Teeters said recently in an interview.
Mumphrey was in there and I said something to him about his stance.
The institutional investors need this hedging vehicle and if New York doesn't provide it, then Chicago surely will.''
However, the social scientists said, many people thrive in stressful situations, and stress is a basic condition of existence.
The takeover in Denmark this month of a conservative government adds another voice sharing serious concerns about Soviet intentions to NATO councils, although it does not bear directly on the question of deployment as no nuclear weapons are stationed in Scandinavia.
Nimslo is a newer company whose primary product is a special camera that takes three-dimensional photographs using regular film.
Mr. Sheehan's article appears to fall into the trap of seeking to explain away what does not conform to prior expectations of guerrilla strength.
To her credit, Mrs. Howard doesn't exploit the gory details of the siblings' feud, but elsewhere her kid-gloved approach does her subject a disservice.
But the dissidents vowed to seek a new election.
The unanticipated weakness in the economy in August has forced Mr. Ratajczak to alter his view about where unemployment is headed.
Middleton, Boston's leading goal-scorer, connected for his 31st at 9:17.
Although he scored only 3 points, Walker had eight assists and five steals.
Landaluce won all five of her starts, including four stakes races, and earned $372,365 under French and Beal's silks of kelly green with white polka dots.
I grew up in eastern North Carolina where some of my people have lived since 1680, and while there I never heard it called grits.
Total sales of the proces sing services business was $9.7 billion in 1981, according to Input Inc., a Palo Alto, Calif., research firm.
He got his job back at Lockheed in November 1980, and began the commute.
The case was brought in 1976 as a test case by two producers of copyrighted television material, Universal City Studios and Walt Disney Productions.
headquarters that he risked arrest and imprisonment unless he ceased all contacts with foreigners.
That meeting was divulged after the group had left the country.
Attorneys for senior Israeli officials began cross-examining middle-ranking army officers in public hearings today, in an effort to throw their credibility into question before the state commission investigating the deaths of Palestinian civilians in Beirut.
Political and Security Committee - 10:30 A.M. Special Political Committee - 10:30 A.M. and 3 P.M. Social, Humanitarian and Cultural Committee - 3 P.M. Decolonization Committee - 10:30 A.M. and 3 P.M.
Disruptive behavior is the only possible reaction from someone in this situation who still has any remaining vestige of self-respect.
The conductor, who has been leading the orchestra of ''A Chorus Line'' for three years, said: ''The pit of that show is so anonymous, but all musicians need variety, so I'm looking forward to putting aside, for a few hours, conducting show tunes for something very different and interesting, like 'Hot Time in the Old Town Tonight' as orchestrated by Virgil Thomson.''
High School and president of the national board of Educators for Social Responsibility.
In a six-page paper entitled ''The JWT Syndication Investigation: Explanation and Implications'' that accompanied the news release, the agency explained that JWT Syndication, as all the company's operating units, had annual revenue and profit plans based on estimates of the success the unit would have in exchanging programming it had acquired for commercial time, which is called barter.
Ottinger Labeled 'Ultraliberal' Republican strategy is aimed at picturing Mr. Ottinger as an ''ultraliberal'' with a fiscal ideology that is, as Mr. Ford described it, ''old, tired and discredited.''
The philosophy is: ''If you can't fight the wind, let it work for you.''
Europe has 'commercial art films' -directors with a vision can still have viable distribution.
It was a package the owners valued at $1.313 million over four years, starting in 1983, and $60 million for bonus money in 1982.
VARIATIONS: If not prepared for Passover, this stew can be seasoned with cumin, cinnamon, turmeric, powdered mustard and other curry spices.
This is the strategy plainly evident in the current offerings of the audio industry.
According to Robert F. DeLay, president of the D.M.M.A., the two are among the fastest growing categories in direct marketing.
The same jury of six will determine in another trial the amount of damages to be awarded.
For Attorney General, Joseph I. Liberman of New Haven, a former Democratic majority leader of the State Senate, is opposed by William H. Champlin 3d, the Republican town chairman of Hartford.
On Tuesday the police moved in to disperse a crowd of 80 people who assembled at the nearby Hotel Victoria and heckled Polish officials who were leaving a diplomatic function.
Cowles Communications Inc., a Daytona Beach, Fla., investment concern, said it had set Jan. 14 as the date for the first liquidating distribution under its previously announced plan of voluntary liquidation.
As interest rates dropped, savings and loan associations committed more money for mortgages in November than in any month since the fall of 1980, the Government reported today.
''He has a heart like a ton of ice.''
The visions of brave new electronic worlds of microchips and robots raised simultaneous demands for a schooling that looks to the future, while learning from the past.
The aver age card now costs 70 cents.
Beverly McFarland, a Miami spokesman for the immigration service, said one group of six Bangladesh men had made their way to Fort Lauderdale, then offered a taxi driver $1,500 to take them to New York.
The Government seeks to enforce the provision to confiscate the $2 million of Warner stock that Mr. Weiss has acquired as an executive of the company.
Supporters of Israel here are hopeful that Senator Byrd's intervention may be more effective in influencing the White House because in the past the West Virginian has not been widely identified as a particular friend of Israel.
In addition, there is a rebate program to excite the uninsulated consumer.
The N.A.A.C.P., the nation's largest civil rights group, had reserved $1.65 million ''just in case we lost this suit,'' its chairman, Margaret Bush Wilson, said, today, adding that the ruling would make ''a considerable difference'' to the association's financial status.
He wasn't trying to be smart, he was just stating the situation.
Nobody knows which locker the bag came from because it had been tossed in a box with contents from other lockers.
Save for the stalk, virtually the entire plant is fit for human consumption - from flowers and leaves to tuberous roots and seeds.
That would make it clear who really poses the threat, and who wants to help the world avoid it.
The concert world is simply not able to absorb all of those whose hopes are briefly buoyed by the winning of thousands of dollars, guaranteed concerts and, sometimes, the chance to make a recording or two.
Status of Evacuation Talks Q. Mr. President, you said that yesterday you did have a general agreement, and then there was this firing.
William W. Winpisinger, the machinists' president, instructed union leaders last week that they should not yield to demands for concessions without seeing ''documented proof'' that ''claimed losses actually exist.''
Fight cavities; stop the decay of a good word.
The auction houses disclosed their intentions within days of each other.
A 'Catch-22' ''They did a Catch-22 on me,'' he said in an interview.
Dean E. Fischer, the State Department spokesman, said the talks would continue on Sunday.
We have had no transactions in any Northwest securities in the last year.
Learn to Be a Ski Instructor: This intensive week-long program is both for advanced skiers who wish to teach and for those who want to improve technically.
Equally rare is an aureus, or standard Roman coin, of Mark Antony, which was struck to pay the legions who fought the Battle of Actium.
NEW BRITAIN - Bach Mass in B minor, 3 P.M. today, Holy Cross Church, Farmington Avenue and Eddy Glover Boulevard, New Britain Chorale and orchestra.
How Company Raises Money The utility estimates that its financing requirements for nuclear plant construction will reach a peak this year and next, when $1.5 billion and $1.4 billion will be spent, respectively.
'Statement of Simple Arithmetic' The simple fact is that the budget will never be balanced under your conditions.
Later, ABC News obtained a sample of its own.
Simone Alibert Smith, honorary chairman of the Committee of French-Amerian Wives, a New York organization, died Monday at a nursing home in Litchfield, Conn. She was 87 years old and lived in Bordeaux.
Kasprzak set the stage by throwing over to first a couple of times to see if Stephenson would dive back.
The Grand Prix circuit is considered the most demanding type of road racing.
To the Editor: The word buffalo, I understand, has been traced to the French colonial period in Africa: the colonials gave the name ''boeuf a l'eau'' (''water cattle'') to the beautiful animals we somewhat redundantly call water buffalo.
She made her debut two years ago on Mother's Day, which was fitting since she is the mother of five.
Miss Zorina worked with Mr. Balanchine in such musicals as ''I Married an Angel'' and ''Louisiana Purchase'' and such movies as ''The Goldwyn Follies,'' ''Star Spangled Rhythm,'' ''I Was an Adventuress'' and the film version of ''On Your Toes.''
general counsel in Washington, who has not made public his findings.
Only from a base of stability can you have progress and growth.
In this group, Delta Air Lines rose 1 1/4, to 32 1/4; Union Pacific was up 2, to 48 7/8, and Burlington Northern added 1 1/2, to 50 1/2.
''It's turned out to be pretty good,'' he said with a laugh.
officials get a pre-publication look at any of Mr. Snepp's manuscripts that deal with information he obtained as an employee of the intelligence agency.
Do not let it burn.
The Pentagon has asked for $258 billion in the 1983 budget, an amount already under attack in Congress as excessive.
Wewere also qui te certain that this house in fields above the sea was what we wante d. Crec'h Arhant was the name of the house.
All of the figures were adjusted for normal seasonal variations.
It is fitting that Dr. DuMont's service to the state is recognized by naming Montclair State College's television-production complex for him.
There are 28,000 apartments in 200 buildings in the city that come under the hotel stabilization law.
The last man to hold the unified heavyweight championship was Leon Spinks, who won the entire title on Feb. 15, 1978, from Muhammad Ali.
The release of two brothers this afternoon and five other Honduran businessmen late in the evening left 32 people captive, less than a third of the original number.
Not one of the 400 interiors was put together by a specialist on behalf of a client, that is to say.
Money's graphic design, once drab by Time Inc. standards, was brightened.
Mr. Corcoran said Mr. Trumka had won a majority in ''most of the big working locals,'' including 74 of the 104 locals in District 17 in central West Virginia.
In the final moments, Foyt ran out of gas.
No such review occurred, Mr. Wildmon said today.
Now, with Danbury closed, we feel we are the only major fair in lower western New England.
This is not the case.
Unemployment in Nassau and Suffolk showed a sharp rise in September to 6.9 percent, from 5.8 percent in August.
Some capital gains that might have been realized in 1978, before the change took effect, may have been postponed until after the lower rate was effective.
''At Hunter,'' she said, referring to casting at elementary schools, ''they talked to kids who knew Etan and that was horrible enough.''
Business Methods Assailed Thompson, a maker of vitamins, minerals and health-food supplements with sales of about $20 million a year, had accused General Nutrition of illegally trying to monopolize the health-food retailing business.
Lured by the prospect of opportunities to compete more easily with with the American Telephone and Telegraph Company, numerous companies are promoting telephone equipment at the show.
They are now separated but still collaborate on sculptures, currently on a fountain in Paris.
The bill, sponsored by Senator Wayne Dumont Jr. of Phillipsburg, was sent to the full Senate in a 7-to-2 vote by the Senate Revenue and Finance Committee.
Meadowlands Race Track, East Rutherford, N.J., 8 P.M.
But when President Anwar el-Sadat chose in 1978 to effectively trade Egypt's position in the Arab world to regain Sinai, which was occupied by Israel, the Arab nations as a whole lost their anchor and the one nation that gave them a sense of direction, Mr. Fares said.
HOUSEHOLD SUPPLIES Ariel Detergent Procter & Gamble Lemon Pine Sea Mist Trager Woolite Gentle Cycle Powder American Home Products Driout Petrokem Sticky Fingers Woodland Enterprises Fog Fighter J. I. Morris Tap-a-Drop Deodorizer Nil-Odor 15.
It's the artist, the photographer who decides to lie or who decides to bend the truth or who decides he wants to be truthful.
Will Margie and Alma really become friends?
We're due to know shortly.''
For Mr. Pepper is a pillar of traditional liberalism, and Mr. Long a populist with strong black support in his district.
''Unfortunately, there are no studies of mortality or morbidity rates done on a large sample of people with and without pets.''
Leonard, here as a CBS commentator, was asked if either Curry or Starling gave him the ''itch'' to fight.
''To me this is a moral issue.
''It's got to be across the board,'' he said.
In ''Caves of New Jersey'' by Richard F. Dalton, published in June 1976, geological surveys described Crooked Swamp Cave as the major one of a half-dozen ''breathing caves'' in the United States.
The imagination and imagery at work here go beyond nonsense and slip almost into the realm of sophistication.
Stier, a visiting assistant professor of anthropology at Purdue University, is currently working with A.I.D.
- Sorry, I forgot cost of goods, up at least 200 percent.
Fielding said then, and he went on to make a comment that now seems prescient.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The show is a musical revue performed by students and presented by the Oscar Hammerstein 2d Center for Theater Studies; it is the first shot in a battle to revive a varsity show.
''Anybody who suggests that Oraflex threatens the new rules simply doesn't understand how the process works,'' Dr. Hayes said.
Despite their highly worked texture, Walcott claims that he does not revise his poems now.
All one can say for sure is that ''Gangland'' is about the Vietnam War, the 60's (the version of it that went from about 1967 to 1975) and Southern California.
Put options are traded on a number of exchanges along with calls, which give the buyer the right, but not the obligation, to buy shares under the same conditions.
They scored 22 runs in three games against the Toronto Blue Jays, Pittsburgh Pirates and Braves, and faced the Expos this afternoon with a winning streak and the ''new offense.''
Even Tallarin is eventually revealed as his own double.
Mr. Campbell spent seven years working - and eating - his way through Burger King's marketing department.
A timeless sentiment of the discarded and suffering lover, perhaps, but surely not the easiest lines for a modern young woman to deliver without sounding like a hopeless sap.
Bell System officials disclosed last week that in 1981 the operating companies were awarded $3.16 billion in rate increases, compared with $1.45 billion of increases in 1980.
Nancy Reagan occasionally uses a Presidential helicopter to fly alone to Camp David for security reasons, her office said today.
''The first memory,'' Adler wrote, ''will show the individual's fundamental view of life, his first satisfactory crystallization of his attitude.''
But the closer she comes, the better she gets.
''They are building for the future even through this recessionary period.''
Today, six of Sir Freddie's grounded flight attendants announced that profits from a record they made this week as ''the Laker Girls'' would be given to the fund.
Performed in Hebrew and Arabic, the production was the result of a most unusual experiment: three Jewish actors, three Arab actors, a Jewish musician, an Arab musician, a Jewish writer-director, and an Arab writer-director worked collectively, each contributing his or her own story or stories from people they knew, with Mr. Chaikin and his associate, Mira Rafalowicz supervising the whole team.
Mr. Zitser, who will present his arguments to the Department of Public Utility Control after Northeast has finished, also said that the rate-of-return calculations done by Northeast were not based on its actual capital structure.
ROBATSCH DEFENSE White Black Rubinetti Spassky 1 N-KB3 P-QN3 2 P-KN3 B-N2 3 P-Q4 P-K3 4 B-N2 P-Q3 5 0-0 N-Q2 6 P-B4 P-N3 7 N-B3 B-N2 8 P-K4 N-K2 9 B-K3 0-0 10 Q-B2 P-Q4 11 KR-Q1 PxKP 12 NxP N-KB4 13 B-N5 Q-B1 14 P-Q5 R-K1 15 B-R3 P-KR3 16 B-B4 Q-Q1 17 BxN NPxB 18 N-B3 P-K4 19 B-K3 N-B3 20 N-KR4 P-B5 21 B-Q2 P-B3 22 QPxP BxP 23 BxP Q-B1 24 B-K3 Q-R6 25 P-B3 P-K5 26 P-B4 QR-Q1 27 RxR RxR 28 R-Q1 R-Q6 29 Q-N2 Q-Q2 30 Q-K2 N-N5 Resigns SPASSKY/BLACK k p q pb pb n p P pP N NrB P PP Q P R K RUBINETTI/WHITE 9/26/82 Position after 30 Q-K2
They are now recruiting and running their own candidates.
And ever since the 1960's, long, sustained tones have played an important part in a broad range of American musics that otherwise have little or nothing in common - back country blues, many varieties of rock-and-roll, some forms of Latin music, the Eastern-tinged jazz style developed by John Coltrane.
And the second Nature report raised doubts that any significant arsenic was present in the Emperor's body at all.
The bills were quoted on a when-issued basis at about 10.3 percent.
Jenny and Laura made political marriages, and Eleanor set up house with Edward Aveling, a philanderer and squanderer of other people's money.
Banks Team Up With Funds Perhaps one indication of the future of the funds is the recent move by a number of banks to team up with money funds.
Thousands of young men gave their lives to advance a few yards over the enemy trenches, only to be thrown back the next day at an equal cost to the enemy.
The opponents were not satisfied.
Before the Big Money Layne recalled that in his 15 seasons, mostly with the Lions and the Pittsburgh Steelers, his highest salary was $25,000.
J. Kenneth O'Connor, a lawyer and negotiator for Local 282 of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, who announced the settlement last night, said that it would be submitted to the union's membership for ratification at a meeting tonight at the International Hotel at Kennedy International Airport.
After 28 RxR, Olafsson had to avoid 28 .
says, ''The availability of stereo may also inspire the production of superior AM broadcast equipment.''
''At that time, the proposal was not supported by the executive committee and was rejected by the members.''
This will also be a boon for gift givers, especially at Christmas time, because letters and cards may now be included with gift parcels.
Although for most it is just a temporary annoyance and a small price to pay for occasional overindulgence in food and drink, frequent sufferers can find it quite debilitating.
The airline, long a profit leader in the industry, has suffered first-quarter and third-quarter losses this year, its first losses in about 20 years.
But he is sincere and does know how to sing.
Wash the chicken, then drain.
Not Subject to Ceilings There is speculation that, with their new freedom to offer whatever interest rates they choose, the banks might siphon billions of dollars from money market mutual funds.
The Toyota Motor Corporation said today that its vehicle production in 1982 would likely fall short of the 3,380,000 target because of a drop in export sales.
And change may be in the offing on Langdell's own turf.
Today the Blitzblaus' shelter was being used to hang tools and store bicycles.
A mixture of one cup of sugar and three-quarters of a cup of corn syrup is cooked in the pan until a candy thermometer registers 335 degrees.
They also lack the extensive electrical gear of warships, which is particularly prone to fire, and they have no magazines that could blow up, as did those of the frigate Antelope.
Vice President Bush left China today with what he called ''some specific ideas'' for President Reagan on resolving the impasse that has developed over the issue of United States arms sales to Taiwan.
Dr. Clark's findings were announced by the Wildlife Preservation Trust, a Philadelphia-based conservation organization.
''If this issue is not treated responsibly by the individuals involved and by those in the corporate hierarchy, more people are going to go through the sort of experience I did,'' Miss Cunningham predicted in a recent interview.
'' The door to the office Mr. Rubinstein and Mr. Romero share reads ''richard rubinstein'' and, below it, ''george romero,'' in lower case letters.
There was no gasoline to be had in west Beirut, where traffic ground almost to a halt as those who still had fuel in their tanks conserved and those who didn't were forced to travel by foot.
In addition to the Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority bonds sold yesterday, bonds to be issued include revenue bonds for both the New York City Transit Authority and the commuter rail lines, which will be backed by the M.T.A.
It was lunchtime in the studio of MTV, a cable channel with music programs that appeal primarily to an 18-to 24-year-old audience, and the staff, which is roughly the same age, was variously engaged in eating fast foods, playing video games and hanging out on the set.
Pio La Torre, the head of the Communist Party in Sicily, was shot dead Friday amid a campaign against Mafia bosses involved in international heroin trade.
They said it took three charges to kill that man in Florida, and I've wondered why so much electricity is needed to kill a man.
Police Department figures show a drop from 153 to 108 officers in the 48th Precinct between June 1978 and June 1981.
Three actors enter and move robotlike among the increasingly animated objects.
Colonel Perez, when told today that the Lebanese Army had not yet moved into some areas evacuated by the Israelis, including the Palestinian refugee camp at Burj al Brajneh, indicated that he was not surprised.
The incumbent is an intense, hard-working, humorless Senator.
The Departments of Transportation and Justice agree, and, with some hestitation, so do we.
This mode of offense was started by Smith in 1964 when Larry Brown, the point guard that season, began it at practice one day.
FRANKIE MANN'S ''Music Without Fans'' brought July to the Kitchen on Saturday, in the form of two tape pieces.
Revenues climbed to $121.3 million, from $94.4 million.
Conquistador Cielo, a 3-year-old colt with shins so shaky that every race could be his last, ran the fastest mile in the history of Belmont Park yesterday and won the Metropolitan Handicap.
Wilkins scored his 23 points despite sitting out almost seven minutes during the second half with four fouls.
It is open daily except Tuesday from 9 to 6, with an admission of about 10 cents.
''No money in the world could get me up at 6 A.M. to go to the stables.''
The lining of the lungs and the lining of the kidneys look similar to the antibodies, which also coat the lining of the lungs.
Four dancers moved away from Takuji Azechi's handsome gray-tooled Plexiglas squares to separate and adhere like Cunningham-trained amoebas, using as much of the stage space and in as wide a range of activities as Mr. Atsugi.
The village leagues function as a kind of intermediary between local farmers and the Israeli occupation authorities.
The small boxing arena shook with the fervent cheers and chants of more than 10,000 sweltering Argentines crammed into the bleachers, stuffed down the halls and spilling out onto the street.
The place has changed, of course.
Specialist on U.S. Affairs Mr. Karpov has spent the greater part of his professional career as a specialist in American affairs and disarmament.
The aides were said to have described this stand also as the Defense Minister's view.
They know that raising the small families that Americans now have is not a full-time, lifelong job - nor, economically, can it be.
When they discovered they had won, ''we went pale,'' Mrs. Desimone, said, ''just for a little while, then we went limp.''
Actually, it adapts well to the spare stage of the Florentine Room, which is usually a banquet hall at Perona Farms, a restaurant on Route 517 between Andover and Sparta.
It showed the headquarters of Pepsico, where part of the yearly Summerfare festival, sponsored jointly by the corporation and the college, is held.
The Erwin family paid $1,800 a year in tuition for each child.
An old woman came up to a visitor and took a tattered Lebanese passport from her bosom.
Laing, a 28-year-old who fights out of London, improved his record to 24-3-1.
When she talks about acting, the conversation naturally begins with Bernhardt and Duse.
''There is a demand for this service.
The ''good bogey'' at nine set him back to one under par, but he recovered the stroke with a 15-foot birdie putt at the 18th.
Some old-line investment banks have begun to look beyond their longstanding relationships with gilt-edged clients to the new highstakes but potentially high-payout companies of the venture capitalists - generally high-technology companies that are considered too young and too risky to have access to normal sources of capital.
The center, which occupies the Old Stone Mill at 7 Center Street, is open from 1 to 4 P.M., Tuesday through Friday, and from 1 to 5 P.M. Saturdays and Sundays.
The device gives the plaintiffs the strength of numbers, if they can afford to sue.
Not many guys come up and are under this much pressure so fast.
Ironically, roads are one of the main issues in the legal dispute now being heard by Chancery Court Judge Patrick McCann.
''We have a good nucleus here and it will take a little time before we blend together.
The armed forces require about 400,000 enlistees (men and women) per year.
Wisconsin had lost 18 times and managed three ties there.
Leading by 33-30 with less than 15 minutes to go, Smith, the Hoya senior who led all scorers with 14 points, scored Georgetown's last three baskets and the first two in the series of foul shots that held the lead.
The United States has gradually lost many of the military advantages over the Soviet Union that once provided a margin of safety for the West - in some cases by choice, in others through neglect and error.
''The people involved in organized crime do not file tax returns,'' said Representative Thomas J. Downey, Democrat of West Islip, N.Y. ''Al Capone taught them that that was a mistake.''
We parents of the severely disabled sometimes ''lie down and play dead'' because of the oppressing burdens we shoulder.
Backers and challengers of the program do agree on one thing: It has been inefficiently administered.
-------------------------------------------------------------------- Walter Goodman writes frequently about television.
He has parties for the actors and charters boats for them to Nantucket.
The primary one is the lack of a risk-free, effective method of birth control.
After deliberating for nearly eight days, a jury in Federal District Court here convicted Mr. Smith, the former chairman of Muhammad Ali Professsional Sports Inc., known as Maps, of 29 counts of fraud and embezzlement and acquitted him of one count of fraud.
''We'd get here in time for the races, but we wouldn't go into the center field.
The question is, where did Marx use this expression?
Continental, when asked about Mr. Stanley's current problems, said: ''GHR Energy Corporation has been experiencing liquidity problems, and its bank group is working with the company in an attempt to develop a mutually acceptable refinancing agreement.''
Not less than 8 percent of available funds must be used for noise problems.
The toad has everything out and back in before you can recognize that something has happened.''
The Security Council is due to meet Friday on a French proposal for a cease-fire and a disengagement around Beirut.
Press the edges of the dough with the fingers or the tines of a fork to seal.
Of the Israelis, he said: ''They can finish the Palestinian problem, but they cannot finish the Lebanese problem.
The gains from economies of scale came at the expense of innovation and technological competitiveness.
''He had a habit of interrupting a discussion by saying 'Time out,' or 'Jump ball,' '' Mr. Friedman said.
There are many other problems.
Why is it called ''monkey bread?''
Miss Imbrey, associate publisher of Agate Press, a fine-art bookpublishing company in New York, was graduated from the Lycee Fran,cais in Washington and cum laude from Wesleyan University.
''What make s Roosevelt so great, like other Presidents we remember as great, is that he stood for something,'' said Prof. James MacGregor Bur ns of Williams College, author of a two-volume biographyof Roosevelt.
Now Cuisinarts, after winning court rulings blocking some of Robot-Coupe's most controversial advertisements, is on the offensive.
The same character, Patrick Domostroy, a refugee from Eastern Europe now living in an abandoned South Bronx ballroom and banquet center called the Old Glory, ''rejoiced at being able'' to follow, somewhat redundantly, ''his own ethical code of moral responsibility,'' though, having ceased to compose music, he has fallen into cliche by wondering ''what happened to the essence of his life.''
But Leon seemed to grow arm-weary as the round wore on and at the start of the third was in danger himself.
Since he joined the tour in 1972 he has been working on his swing with Bob Toski, one of the leading teachers in the game.
That demand is believed to be $350,000 a season, and the Giants have offered $235,000 a season.
Conversation Interrupted Two young guerrillas sitting in an olive grove began to talk with reporters over a fence until several local policemen politely but firmly informed them that it was forbidden for the time being.
Mr. Kleiser, it should be remembered, is the man behind ''The Blue Lagoon,'' a film that presented the spectacle of two gorgeous, barely dressed young innocents to an audience of ticket-buying teen-agers.
If you want to avoid costly meals, look for smaller restaurants featuring local dishes.
Janet Maslin Kidding the Kidders IT CAME FROM HOLLYWOOD, directed by Mal- colm Leo and Andrew Solt; written by Dana Olsen; edited by Bert Lovitt; produced by Susan Strausberg and Jeff Stein; released by Para- mount Pictures.
Among the bigger gainers in the most popular stocks, Procter & Gamble was up 2 3/8 points to 81 3/4; General Electric 1 1/2, to 57 1/2; Eastman Kodak 1, to 71 1/8, and Merck 1 5/8, to 82 5/8.
He said he talked with Eddie Sapir, Martin's attorney, ''once this week,'' but had not talked with Martin, whom he twice previously hired and then dismissed.
Mr. Agee recently told Bendix stockholders that depressed conditions in the auto industry had sharply reduced third-quarter pretax profits in that market and that no near-term recovery was expected in the company's industrial operations.
John Buckley, Mr. Lehrman's press secretary, said the cancellation was not related to Mr. Lehrman's comments on Mr. Margiotta.
The gas has seeped into basements and has caused several minor explosions when oil burners ignited, he said.
As special counsel to the ethics committee, Mr. Califano follows in the tradition of Leon A. Jaworski, who conducted the investigation of the Korean bribe scandal, and E. Barrett Prettyman Jr., who led the House's investigation into the Abscam undercover operation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
As in all centrally planned economies, most Polish companies are monopolies and they have been quick to raise prices.
Some critics, especially in a political season, seem to forget that this Administration did not create the problem.
It said the March parity ratio was 57 percent, meaning farmers had only 57 percent of the buying power that farmers had from 1910-14, compared with 64 percent a year earlier.
But the boom has waned, almost before it started, and coal's progress again looks like a long-odds, uphill battle.
CBS Cable will be discontinued by its parent, CBS Inc., after 11 months of operation and an estimated $30 million in losses.
Luis Marin, who is standing trial for arson and murder in the Stouffer's Inn fire of Dec. 4, 1980, has drawn few glances, by contrast.
NEWARK A relatively recent way of discovering the past, urban archeology, is the subject of a new exhibition at the Newark campus of Rutgers University.
FOR years, Wall Street has talked of offering customers a ' 'financial department store'' consisting of a variety of personal m oney management services.
A report by Amnesty International points out one of the hidden dangers of being a journalist.
Mr. Collier said that $1.1 million of the gift was in cash and $4.5 million in United States Steel notes.
His accused attacker, Rudolph Jones Jr., wascharged with misdemeanor assault and obstruction, each punishable by up to a year in jail.
Certain materials invariably suggest certain styles: the availability of a beautiful lightweight gabardine has contributed to the prominence of suits, while improvements in the handling of leather have led to innovative leather and suede fashions for warm weather.
A date in either late April or sometime in May would then be likely, according to Loren Cassina, who is helping handle the closed-circuit and pay-for-view television outlets for the fight.
''I'd rather err on the side of giving kids what they don't need rather than the opposite,'' said Barry Ensminger, counsel to Carol Bellamy, President of the City Council.
But Mr. Colavita had made up his mind, he said later, and told Mr. O'Rourke that he was his choice even before the Republican leaders met.
Will Squeeze, a group with a large following but without a really huge American hit, be able to fill the Garden?
Performances tonight, next Friday and Saturday at 8; tomorrow, next Saturday and Sunday at 2.
Residents who oppose the development of the property have applied to the city's Landmarks Preservation Commission to have the house designated a landmark.
Otherwise Miss Chinn and Mr. Gautraux had a fine chance to show off their strong points.
When the Yankees acquired him in March for Andy McGaffigan and Ted Wilborn, they signed him to a new contract that guarantees $2.2 million for four years and includes bonuses based on how much he pitches.
AROUND THE WORLD; Nuclear Powers Urged To Forgo 'First Use' MOSCOW, Sept. 30 (Reuters) - A group of Soviet and British political and military experts called on nuclear powers today to follow the Soviet lead in pledging not to be the first to use nuclear weapons, and recommended that the principle be extended to include conventional arms.
are 'to avoid any interruption to commerce or to the operation of any carrier engaged therein' and 'to provide for the prompt and orderly settlement of all disputes concerning rates of pay, rules or working conditions.'
National Center to Be Built Not only did Mr. Farrakhan's organization resurrect the sect's black nationalist stance and restrictive dress code, but also the paramilitary uniforms and bearing that became emblematic of the Nation of Islam in the 1960's.
The panel voted to prevent the Commodity Futures Trading Commission from approving new stock index futures contracts without similar authorization from the S.E.C.
Regals can be wintered until January this way.
In these dozens of works from around the country certain trends come into focus.
Thursday's washout of four third-round matches became a factor in some of today's quarterfinals.
Charges were brought against 28 men in the matter.
''Tap dancers feel they really are musicians, too,'' said Miss Bufalino, ''so it's a real treat for us to be part of this wonderful orchestra.''
In Mr. Gray's view, ''The G.A.O.
In a way, Mr. Claiborne's story is an attempt to unburden the yet unpurged guilt of wanting to possess the father and kill the mother.
Emergency Medical Service personnel said five persons had escaped safely from an office on the fifth floor, while a lone man was trapped by smoke on the 12th floor for about an hour until rescued by firemen.
Vassiliev Juelio Kolev, a former secretary to the Bulgarian military attache, has also been charged in the plot.
''Although this improvement still implies a severe hardship of several million people, it suggests that the size of the problem has been dramatically reduced,'' the commission said.
One persistent complaint, heard most loudly in the Army, is that the United States exports weapons before its own services have enough of them.
But the visible gap between what she is saying now on the issues and what she was saying before is something voters can decide about.
An exercise book for women, seasoned with the film star's philosophy of physical well-being.
There are no boundaries in women's lacrosse.
In the second, Chicago scored two unearned runs off Joe Niekro, the starter (3-2).
According to Banco de Mexico, which does not distinguish between business and tourist travel, the number of visitors in the first six months dropped 6.5 percent from last year and 10 percent from the 1980 period.
Radio - WABC, 770; 5:30 P.M.) Mets vs. Expos, at Montreal.
Brian Bellows scored at 10:11 of the final period to give Minnesota the tie.
Barbara Mills, the prosecutor, told the jury of seven men and five women that the case before them was narrow.
Mike Hohensee of Minnesota completed 34 of 50 passes for 307 yards and one touchdown, becoming the school's career completion leader.
An unknown number, however, were detained under the national security act that permits preventive detention.
Diplomatic Exchange: Foreign Secretary Pym meets with Secretary of State George P. Shultz, probably early afternoon, the State Department.
It is a simple yellow brick building on a busy road next to a noisy carwash.
''Industrial sales are terrible this year, but we can still sell our wheat and meat for hard currency.''
As a result, they are aiming for much higher fares and becoming less obsessed with filling planes with discount passengers.
He went out of his way to say in his State of the Union that he strongly supports a 10-year extension of the Voting Rights Act, but Attorney General William French Smith urged the Senate to substantially revise the version of the act that was overwhelmingly approved by the House of Representatives and had already been endorsed by almost two-thirds of the Senate.
A player who is planning to open the bidding in a minor suit and has four of each has a relatively free choice.
But the odd mixture works, thanks largely to the high spirits of the lead singer, Annabella Lwin.
He has used his influence in Congress to secure tax breaks and other benefits for the handicapped.
''Like Jewish cooks, Russians tend to overcook vegetables and that made Bech comfortable,'' Mr. Updike said.
A tight schedule discourages the venturesome from striking out on their own.
Those surveyed blamed President Reagan for joblessness in New York State by a 2-1 margin.
At present there are treaties banning nuclear testing in the atmosphere, under the sea and in space, and an unratified treaty limiting underground nuclear testing to no more than 150 kilotons, the equivalent of 150,000 tons of TNT.
And officials here say that not even Russia proper has the same degree of geographical integration of the various groups, which in Kazakhstan places Kazakhs and Russians, ethnic Germans and Uighurs, Uzbeks and Koreans side by side in the market of Alma-Ata, the schools of Chimkent and the farms of Dzhambul.
But I think the St. Louis club could not convince the others.
He also said that the drugs used to kill him came from his own supply and that the technicians who administered the drugs were on his staff.
The Chrysler Corporation is in Highland Park, an independent municipality about five miles north of downtown.
Although the Kingston credit union is medium-sized compared with the others in New York state with Penn Square deposits, it has the largest exposure.
If you don't cooperate, she can call the police and they will come over and ask the same questions.''
A plaintiff lawyer might represent as many as 2,000 such claimants.
The action, the second easing of import barriers in five months, was in response to U.S. and European charges that Japan's domestic market was overly protected.
STEPHEN L SLAVIN Brooklyn, N.Y. Dec. 18, 1981
Robert D. Hale, the associate executive director of the American Booksellers Association, said: ''The big chain stores are pretty much taking over the general market.
The settlement, subject to ratification by the union members, provides for a wage increase of 8 percent, delayed two months into the first year of the contract, and 7 percent at the start of the second year.
The wording was described by an aide to Mr.
- Freeze Federal pay increases in 1983 and limit them to 5 percent in 1984 and 1985, saving $25 billion.
''If I did, I'd reproduce it in other areas.''
Boeing said it would suffer no significant impact.
After the dramatic 1980 gold-medal victory at Lake Placid, he had reason to regret that decision - especially since the Blues were well-stocked with right wings, and Mullen, only 5 feet 9 inches, was among the smallest in that stock.
At the RKO Cinerama 2, Broadway at West 47th Street, and the 86th Street East at Third Avenue.
Butch Goring, the veteran Islander center who confounds the opposition by seeming to skate in three directions simultaneously, is quick to correct a questioner.
Some Missing Frills General Motors officials did not go into detail concerning the features and equipment that would be missing from the new models, but such items as a radio, digital clock, rear-window defogger, glove box and some other interior lights, and exterior door molding and remote trunk or tailgate releases are among them.
The city in its more disinherited aspects is the raw material with which he has been working ever since he got a studio space in P.S.
Her time for the 20 miles was 46:39.
Zurich Festival May 29 to July 4 Zurich's offerings range from opera performances (''Carmen,'' ''Der Rosenkavalier,'' ''Fidelio,'' ''Werther,'' ''Lohengrin,'' ''Lucio Silla'' and ''Idomeneo'') to concerts, ballets and recitals.
But there is courage aplenty, with an excellent cast and a fine director, Zoltan Korda.
Some of them were addressed to the store management and took it to task for using a double standard, one for ordinary offenders and another for a politician with whom it is not in sympathy.
THERE is a sort of apostolic succession in this tradition of revolutionary dreams, from Weimar to Paris to New York - and back again.
Mr. Sawyer, a member of the subcommittee, was one of the dissenters.
From the early days of our Republic, our forefathers were careful to distinguish between ''liberty and license'' with respect to the First Amendment of the Bill of Rights.
It should be stated immediately that neither the movies nor the children were chosen on a scientific basis.
But the dispute, which began several years ago and centered on whether white students should join the starting lineup, did indeed attract the Government's attention and has resulted in a large loss of Federal money to the county school system.
Yield: 2 servings Note: This recipe works well with halibut steaks.
The grants total $11.5 million.
The parole board is considering whether to rescind Mr. Sirhan's 1984 parole date.
The contaminants are carried on prevailing winds and fall to earth in rain or snow.
In addition, much moose hunting is highly visible, whereas upland-bird hunting, waterfowl hunting and even deer hunting when it is done in the classic manner - one man alone, deep in the woods - are private endeavors.
Ladd's on Route 32 in South Windham, just south of Willimantic, is open seven days a week.
Jean Harvey was Mr. Vanderbilt's third wife.
Its 15 stores had sales of $100 million last year.
The amendment then lost by a vote of 52 to 42.
Only in wartime has such authority been granted previously, and then only for security reasons.
Mr. de Almeida's path to musical scholarship on the podiums of the world has been circuitous, and has included some curious nonmusical stops along the way.
Roman soldiers march across pulp-wood bridges and villagers carouse in a tavern.
Threat by Danforth John C. Danforth, Republican Senator from Missouri and chairman of the Senate's trade subcommittee, who is among a dozen legislators following the proceedings here, said, ''If there is no forward movement on agricultural subsidies, we have enormous surpluses, and there will therefore be efforts to sell what we have at very low prices on world markets.''
''To treat sanitary waste is a simple matter, but treating chemicals is a difficult and expensive proposition,'' said Daniel F. Malatesta, the City Engineer.
The outer man has captured the world spotlight with a grand force of will and a great store of charm.
''I was looking at my wife,'' Cooper said, ''saying, 'I've got to get one.
During practice rounds he often hits that type of shot.
I've got great respect for his intelligence and ability, but I've never seen him go out on a limb.''
Long Island University, trailing by 15 points near the close of the half, rallied last night to beat Siena College, 94-84, and remained in the running for a berth in the National Collegiate Athletic Association tournament.
The Aquarium is currently offering a reward for any live lobster larger than its own.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
When fish bakes, overlapping slices will tend to seal together.
Bottlers Among Opponents Opponents of the proposed bottle law include Coca-Cola and Anheuser-Busch, Lucky Stores and Ralphs, both grocery chains, Pepsico, Miller Brewing and the Aluminum Company of America.
It can trade him or sell him, grant him his outright release or demote him to Syracuse of the International League.
Joseph Ondrula, special agent in charge of the F.B.I.
The British imposed what amounted to a total blackout in the Falklands.
The traditional Arabic invocation ends this lovely tale: ''Those who speak evil of it will have to contend with Thoth, the god of the scribes.''
Classes are conducted by various authorities.
We call for the immediate withdrawal of Israeli troops from Lebanon and for an unequivocal affirmation of Palestinians' right to selfdetermination.
Those who have purchased home computers report mixed results.
''There is an inherent danger because money always wants to talk,'' Mr. Freedman of the broadcast corporation's program fund said.
The 37-year-old writer, who has spent all but one of the last 25 years in prison on charges ranging from armed robbery to murder of a fellow inmate , was in a work-release program here last July when the killing occur ed.
The planning by my predecessors made them possible, but it is for my successor that I make these decisions.
Even if it's a line drive and the left fielder has to make a diving catch for it.''
We will willingly make available this information to our foreign creditors.
Finding a hotel in Western Europe where anybody could talk about such things without laughing in 1982 is a feat, but the staff of the Vier Jahreszeiten in Munich wouldn't even grin.
Take 10 percent in 1982, 20 percent in 1983, and one-third thereafter for better rehabilitation and imaginative work programs, and reduce the sentences accordingly for those who show readiness to make it in society.
''They should say: if you're caught using an illegal bat - and a corked bat's an illegal bat - you'll be suspended from baseball for the year,'' Steinbrenner said.
The cost of Medicare, or health insurance for the elderly, would continue to increase despite proposed cutbacks.
Because of a postponement, a list- ing today in The Guide, section 2A, for Sheryl Lee Ralph's club engagement at Les Mouches is incorrect.
According to Mr. Pratt's figures, between 1977 and the middle of 1982, the total amount of capital dedicated to the industry has grown to $6.7 billion from $2.5 billion.
OPEC still has the power to act, Mr. Verleger says, but time is running out.
''I remember flying in from Denver, and it was just like falling in love,'' said Len Edgerly, a Boston native who last June moved here from Providence.
There is a fine line between the traditional use of undercover agents in criminal cases and what critics perceive occurred in the Abscam investigation.
The film sketches an intimate, memorable portrait of Harold as it follows his search to find out who his enemy may be.
''The life safety of these official guests cannot be ensured,'' said a prospectus submitted to Congress for the building, which is across Pennsylvania Avenue from the White House, Senator Robert T. Stafford, Republican of Vermont, chairman of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, said the complex was closed to overnight guests June 24, when a gas boiler nearly exploded.
The new tax, also adopted by the Senate Finance Committee, would cover the Medicare benefits enjoyed by Federal workers.
Add brandy and cook about 2 minutes more.
The truth is that the Vier Jahreszeiten -the Four Seasons, although the English translation is never used - doesn't look like much from outside.
It wants the stay, pending the outcome of that appeal, to forestall what it says could be almost immediate chaos if each college begins negotiating with the networks for the television rights to games involving its football team.
The potpourri of style stemmed from the immigrant influx in the decades after the Civil War.
Representative Albert Gore Jr., Democrat of Tennessee, plans to introduce an arms-control proposal on Monday that incorporates the reductions proposed last spring by President Reagan in his strategic arms reduction plan into a proposal aimed at reducing other weapons systems, especially land-based, long-range missiles with multiple warheads.
Mr. Fahringer argued that a decision by the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit in New York City prohibited the Government from using fraud to return potential defendants to this country, but Mr. Barcella said an unbroken string of Supreme Court decisions indicated that fraud was permitted in such an effort.
Now, if it can help settle the Falklands dispute under its own flag, perhaps with British and Argentine flags alongside, it will advance its claim to being the slow, but most worthy staircase up from the prehistoric pit of war.
Mr. Jory's performance is one of the richest and wildest in his long career, and it's good seeing Mr. Murphy turn up in a cameo role as Jesse James.
UPPICK AD 2 TASTE AD 2 TASTE - C8 ''My dream is to have a garden where I can grow vegetables as my parents did in Greece,''she said.
The 17-member board voted unanimously to allow Mr. Lewis to retain his degree, but it agreed that plagiarism had occurred, according to the university spokesman, Carol Wintemberg.
rock band called the Individuals, enjoys showing visitors to his apartment, the bullet holes in the wall and the bloodstained crucifix above the bed.
And they try, until they stumble on the facts of sharing the planet with a lot of other people.
Sex happens, and then people get to know each other.
Last year, Fannie Mae, the nation's largest mortgage banker, lost $190.4 million, its first year ever in the red.
Overtime was generally paid at a time-and-a-half rate after 40 hours.
In a telephone interview, Mr. Dosti dismissed as Communist propaganda assertions that Albanian war criminals had come to the United States, adding that he fought the Germans and the Germans killed members of his family.
Potvin, who was greeted by roaring cheers from the Islander fans, was in good physical shape but admittedly a little game-rusty.
East needed a red queen to justify his opening, and it would be right to assume the diamond queen: If East held the heart queen and West the diamond queen, there was no chance.
One is concern about its side effects, which tend to affect the brain and central nervous system.
It is in the Historical Library of the Church of the Brethren, Elgin, Ill., and may be evidence of the first Bible printed in America.
Of particular concern, the officials said, is the lack of a shelter in the county for women who are alone or who head families.
Everyone was there, and I wanted people to know I was back from California.''
Quite a different version of events emerges from that work.
The market's decline was broadly based, with losers on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbering stocks that advanced by a ratio of 4 to 1.
Sales for the quarter rose 23.7 percent, to $2.13 billion, from $1.73 billion a year earlier, the country's largest producer of coffee said.
''It gives them a real psychological lift.
They need help when they ask for it, not pious platitudes and the arrogant imposition of someone else's morality.
A flight will leave La Guardia every day at 7:15 A.M., arriving at 10:09.
Others agreed with him after the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries dramatically raised prices for crude oil.
You see their body position, and you know what they'll do.''
Judge Milhollin said that while company management did not encourage the cheating, it ''must have known of the widespread, negative attitude toward the NRC examination.''
Incidentally, Lady Montdore is said to be based on Violet Trefusis, who, in addition to being Miss Mitford's sometimes friend in Paris, was the elder daughter of Alice Keppel, King Edward VII's ''closest friend'' in his last years.
This is now a buyer's market, and the effect is causing us to price very competitively.
Good reply, but who was that guy, really?
Governor Carey has recognized that as have Republican Assemblymen and Senators.
She will also read part of Molly Bloom's soliloquy from ''Ulysses,'' describe Virginia Woolf's visit to Thomas Hardy and read the noon interlude from her ''The Waves.''
In sum, Sir Anthony said the mutual withdrawal acceptable before the British military operation was no longer possible.
Two Californians were also arrested.
North Chicago, Nov. 11, 1982 The writer, vice chairman of the Chicago Medical School's Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, is co-editor of ''Electroconvulsive Therapy: Biological Foundations and Clinical Applications'' (Spectrum Publications, 1982).
Rates at both run from about $50 to $65 double.
Northerners in Local Politics Northerners ''are beginning to run for justice of the peace and for the school board,'' said V. Lance Tarrance, a Houston-based pollster and political analyst who works across the Sun Belt.
Parking - Alternate-side regulations suspended.
The program, halted by the Gang of Four as all scientific work was, has now resumed.
A victory by the Canucks would send the teams back to Long Island for a fifth game Tuesday.
The Jets dropped 10 players today to reach the roster limit of 49, and three of the 10 were veterans: Kenny Lewis, a running back; Steve Stephens, a tight end, and Al Washington, a linebacker.
Another sought out stocks with the strongest dividend growth.
He was arrested in Greensboro, N.C., for speeding in a 55-m.p.h.
We may practice a little longer but there won't be much difference.''
The reversion to operator-assisted calls was attributed to technical causes and Soviet officials said they expected to have the problems solved in a couple of years.
That goal, an unassisted score by Dave Maloney and a power-play goal by Bill Baker gave the Rangers a 3-1 lead in the first period.
The moves by the Reagan Administration have drawn considerable criticism in North Carolina.
I had loved the river, its shores, its abutting streets, its wharfs.
The unemployment rate held steady at 9.8 percent in August, matching the highest rate of the last 40 years, according to the Labor Department.
The Government also wants to develop nuclear power.
In a life full of movement, from digging sites in Mexico to cities all over the world where Heredia lectures and attends scientific congresses, father and son play a game.
The bride attended the Brearley School, was graduated from Tufts University and received a master's degree from Columbia's Graduate School of Journalism.
''When they yell for something, they never get a response.''
In 1972, after a new, aggressive management reorganized jobs and established what it boasted was the world's fastest auto assembly line, producing 100 new Vegas an hour, the workers rebelled.
Dailey, who is 21, was ordered back to court on Monday for a preliminary hearing.
''I would be reasonably certain that we will do the enforcement proceedings,'' Mr. Speakes said.
Mr. Wild will participate in all four pieces on the program: the Debussy Violin and Piano Sonata, Hungarian dances set for four hands by Brahms, a Haydn trio and the Chausson Violin-Piano Concerto in its original form, with string quartet.
McCullough, who has never won on the regular tour in 10 years and started the day two strokes ahead of Gilder, shot a 72.
Mike Lopuszynski of Rye, the M.G.A.
In the House, the vote was 246 to 144.
Soon after, the Government formally transformed Kenya into a oneparty state, blocking efforts to form a second party involving Mr. Odinga and risking the further alienation of the Luo.
Real estate agents often tell their prospects that children moving into the area can attend Public School 6, where some pupils are dropped off in limousines.
It's doubtful, too, that Judy Garland, Carmen Miranda or Spike Jones did either.
You're on you r own.''
On Oct. 4, 1943, speaking to a meeting of Gruppenfuhrers, Himmler praised the work of the S.S., saying: ''But on the whole we can say that we have fulfilled this heavy task with love for our people, and we have not been damaged in the innermost of our being, our soul, our character.''
She pleaded guilty to membership in a banned organization, a crime under South African law, but denied any other criminal activities.
Since when does the tide always roll out, Mr. Mayor?
The train fills and empties, fills and empties, perhaps a dozen times; work, home, work, home.
''I can't have the Arab at the present moment given voting power,'' he said, ''because I'll be a minority.
The United States Congress has said military aid to El Salvador depends on sincere efforts to find and prosecute the killers.
The memorandum was filed by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
The gallery, at 1111 Chapel Street at York Street, is open without charge from 10 A.M. to 5 P.M. Tuesday through Saturday, 2 to 5 P.M. Sunday and from 6 to 9 P.M. Thursday.
Secondly, I am astonished that a teacher in New York City - the home of two great Metropolitans - would so denigrate the value of the arts in education.
Borders, who was convicted here in March, was indicted with Alcee Hastings, a Federal district judge in Miami.
(Thelluson v. Woodford 4 Ves.
According to an annual census published by the Institute of International Education, there were 311,882 foreign students in the United States in 1980-81, an 8.9 percent increase over the 286,343 students in the preceding academic year and the most ever recorded in a single year.
More Incidents Reported Mexican officials and Catholic priests in the region said that many more unpublicized incidents have taken place in recent months, including the entry of a Guatemalan patrol four miles into Mexico near La Morena, west of here, on Aug. 18.
There is no economically ''right'' way of resolving this menu of choices, which have differential effects in hurting or benefiting the old or young, the rich, middle class or poor.
Some 90 of the 120 members of the Professional and Administrative Staff Association took part in the two-hour walkout, which was timed to coincide with a 4 P.M. trustees' meeting and reception honoring Mrs. John D. Rockefeller, president of the museum, and William S. Paley, chairman of the board.
The official position of the Government of Prime Minister Menachem Begin is that its army will not enter Beirut.
Hikers meet at the restored village of Richmondtown, in the parking lot of St. Andrew's Church at 1 P.M., rain or shine.
''It's a market that will develop all by itself, limited only by our imagination.''
Under the agreement, Foote said, he will spend 20 days on the Columbus roster and be guaranteed a sum of money, which he would not specify, if he is not returned to the Yankees by the end of that period.
Amount needed depends on size of dish and fish.
Mr. Milson is using the village leagues, which are associations of rural Palestinians, as conduits of funds for public works projects in an effort to bolster their status and buy power for them.
But the warranty act is something of a lemon itself, according to Clarence M. Ditlow, director of the Center for Auto Safety, a consumer advocacy group, This Friday the center is sponsoring a Lemon Law Litigation Conference in Chicago for more than 200 lawyers.
His father is vice president of marketing at Dan River Inc., the textile company.
Whatever the faults of the Nicaraguan Government that took power in 1979, the program asserts, implicitly and explicitly, the majority of Nicaraguans are better off than they were under the 45-year dictatorship of the ''corrupt, greedy and brutal'' Somoza family.
Much of the blame for the defeat on the islands was being attributed by the Government to the superior arms of the British and to American support.
East can shift to the diamond queen, and West can play that suit again, frustrating South's squeeze plan if he is given the lead subsequently in hearts.
Rozema was carried from the field on a stretcher.
The other one is the absence of a sound guide on the extent of feasible convertibility of domestic dollar obligations.
They're buying share of market and that takes a lot of guts in a soft market.
May our two peoples live in peace in the world together.
There is also a small menu of half-size portions for children - a welcome invitation to family dining.
But the Office of Management and Budget was reported to be raising opposition because of the amount of money required.
He is survived by his wife, Jo.
His heavyweight title fight with Larry Holmes, in which he stood to earn $10 million, was postponed because of an injury to his left shoulder.
The marriage of Charlotte Ann Nichols, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Walter A. Nichols of Montclair, N.J., to Peter Graves Leonard took place yesterday at the Woman's Club of Maplewood, N.J.
Pretrial hypnosis hearings on the fire that killed 26 at Stouffer's Inn on Dec. 4, 1980, entered their third day in Westchester County Court, where the testimony of three witnesses is being compared with recorded descriptions that they gave under hypnosis after the fire.
Almon, LeFlore and Tom Paciorek each rapped three hits in the opener, Almon added two and Paciorek one in the second game, and Kemp stroked two singles in each game.
''We are dealing with the Holy See.
Hitler's geopolitician, Karl Haushofer, made a fine art of developing an overwhelming power of the debtor over the creditor by just such deals.
His representatives began direct talks with four of the unions yesterday.
... Vultures of course suggest the presence of a body.
The reports that falsely blame aluminum for loss of ships in the South Atlantic, can only have a deleterious effect on the Navy and on the aluminum industry and its thousands of employees.
The number to charge tickets is 247-7459.
The reader may recall how Dante, having sent the lovers to hell in the ''Inferno,'' falls into a faint in the middle of his conversation with Francesca - presumably out of pity, though some say it was out of submission to the supreme law.
This is not just a wish for gossip or vicarious adventure.
Annie Illich and some of her other paying guests.
Because of the owners' socialism-at-the-top, no N.F.L.
Another, less commonly understood problem, she suggested, results from the current high rate of divorce and remarriage.
That gave them 19-12 lead with 1:25 left in the first quarter.
Because Dr. Levine had in his office a prototype of an easy-tooperate blood testing device, the count was completed in just 11 minutes.
Frequent precipitation furnishes roots with a continual supply of moisture and excellent drainage assures they never stand in water.
Mr. Wilson has explained: ''I wanted Ziggy to represent the eternal child in all of us, so I made him wide-eyed and full of wonder, curiosity and anticipation.
I am very concerned because I have found out since that that was used as a gigantic loophole in the law and it was just - it literally led to abortion on demand, on the plea of rape.
Americans bought a total of 7,683,879 foreign and domestically made cars in the 1982 model year.
The committee, the Health Care Capital Policy Advisory Committee, is expected to ask for the suspension of all construction plans now awaiting approval by the State Department of Health and until a more rational and regional approach toward hospital expansion and reconstruction is devised.
Moreover, the proposal would specifically deny that minorities have a right to be ''elected in numbers equal to their proportion in the population.''
But earlier this month, it decided to narrow the focus of its inquiry, saying it should concentrate on how well emergency plans met existing regulations instead of questioning the wisdom of the regulations themselves.
If a held-over student tests satisfactorily at the end of the yearlong program, he or she will advance to the ninth or even the tenth grade if he or she does well enough.
However, studies at Harvard University indicate that for some very thin people, a genetically determined lack of fat cells seems to account for their inability to gain weight.
The states were Arizona, California, Florida, Oregon and Washington.
- Todd Hickman, Akron, Ohio.
The institute investigates 3,000 cases each year that have been referred to it by its member companies, sometimes trailing suspects with video cameras, and gathering what evidence it needs to press charges.
There were the bloused tops, in similar woolens or crisp silks, as in the big white bubble with tucks emphasizing the shoulders, over a short black skirt.
When I'm finished, I'd like to look back and think of dancing as something I really enjoyed and was good at.
''Owners are the worst P.R.
''We didn't fight a civil war over sex discrimination,'' was the answer.
Mr. Kean also said he was not concerned that Mr. Reagan's proposal to give the states complete responsibility for food stamp and A.F.D.C.
The private schools operate with minimal state supervision, and those attached to fundamentalist churches avoid taking public funds.
Most growers recommend that the plants be kept back a short distance from a south window.
In a letter to American Telephone dated Sept. 30, Justice Department officials said they would withhold approval of the New York zone and the others until they had seen public comment on the proposal.
who is organizing the agency's inquiry, to be conducted later this month.
He recommended that ceiling of 2,500 long-range bombers and missiles to be lowered to 2,000 to 2,100 and that the United States be given rights to build heavy land-based missiles equivalent to the Soviet Union's.
''So I was going back with the idea of never having basketball as that big thing it was in high school,'' he said.
Yesterday's bold solution was to cut taxes deeply.
An extraordinary change in Venus was suggested by an analysis of scientific data from an American spacecraft.
has approved some of the biggest mergers on record, enabling most of the new systems to cut duplicate staffs and use fewer people.
Motions LOS ANGELES, March 15 (AP) -The retrial of the antitrust suit against the National Football League started today, and Judge Harry Pregerson of United States District Court turned down two motions by the league.
An important caveat: What is read to children must be for pleasure and not a disguised effort to teach them.
''The Workroom'' is a moving epilogue to the Holocaust.
Since this mint is growing under a desirable ornamental, use of herbicides is not practical as chemicals would seep into the crabapple's roots.
Mr. Drouhard said he and his two sons now had the best wheat yields he had ever seen.
''The significant thing is that private industry, the Federal government and the state governments are now willing to sit down with this at the negotiating table with us as equals.''
The House bill, called the Net Worth Guarantee Act, would give Federal regulatory authorities the power to issue ''guarantees'' - a form of Government promissory note - to an institution whose net worth had dropped below 2 percent of its assets.
The import sales leader was Toyota Motor Company of Japan, which claimed 6.5 percent of the American market with sales of 464,805 cars, despite a 10 percent drop in sales, from 516,890 cars in 1980, when it had a 6.8 percent market share.
Hilton Changes Its Mind Hilton wanted to build a major hotel and convention center, hoping the construction would spark investment in the area.
Add half a cup of the tomato sauce and cook, stirring often, about five minutes until the sauce is thickened.
The company's stock, traded over-the-counter, reached a high in 1981 of 34 5/8.
It often causes severe physical and psychological reactions and can even lead to premature death.''
The case, General Motors v. Devex, No.
But there are those who will tell you that Joe Greene made the Steelers what they were.
''This is a narrow course and you must drive well.
Hudson River Rafting, North Creek, N.Y. 12853, telephone (518) 215-3215 or 696-2964.
Notes for RV renters Renting a Vehicle In looking in the Yellow Pages for dealers who rent recreational vehicles, some of the headings to check are ''Campers and Pick-Up Coaches,'' ''Motor Homes'' and ''Trailer Renting and Leasing.''
Newburgh Building Too Small ''It's too small,'' says Louis Heimbach, the Orange County Executive.
''Gimpel the Fool'' was the first of Mr. Singer's stories to be translated and published in English, and it helped get his career going.
To the Editor: President Reagan's support for a constitutional amendment to restore voluntary prayer in the public schools is troubling for both political and constitutional reasons.
Now, I always thought that meant outshout.
''Dear Miss Smith,'' says a homemade card, ''You were a nice teacher even though you were mean and yelled at me.
While maintaining that an arms buildup was necessary, he insisted that he, too, was concerned about the ''unimaginable horror of a nuclear war.'')
Accusations of collaboration between journalists and law enforcement officers have not figured prominently in other courtroom battles between the Sixth Amendment rights of defendants to a fair trial and the First Amendment rights of the press.
Lee Marotta's ad hominem attack on me and my family (letter of June 6 in reply to Alan Jay Weiss's Opinion Page article of May 30) is to be expected in Union City.
Donald Tice, chairman of the school's board of trustees and pastor of the sponsoring Second Baptist Church.
In Chicago, Batten, Barton, Durstine & Osborn has been named the agency for WLS-TV, the local ABC station.
He would mention issues to the board, and they would run with them before discussing them with groups like the N.J.E.A.
Meanwhile, the Air Force community at Nellis and Las Vegas is in mourning.
But Boston's need for a point guard of his caliber had its roots four months earlier in Boston Garden.
In the 1978 campaign, Republicans flew coast-to-coast touting the Kemp-Roth tax cut legislation.
All of the reporters balked at signing the document.
In recent months, a number of American defense policy reports have referred, though mostly negatively, to such a strategy.
The two organizations also oppose the interior landmarking of any theaters.
That's why I am here.
Among the newer and more innovative zoos are those of Minnesota's Apple Valley, just south of Minneapolis, where four multilevel trails take the walker into four worlds of animal life, each with the appropriate setting, fauna and even climate, and Topeka's rebuilt zoo, with its Tropical Rain Forest under a geodesic dome that allows natural light to fall on its varied Amazonian scenes.
The Dred Scott case, holding that slavery could not be prohibited in new territories, was set aside by the post-Civil War amendments.
It has made $6,000 in contributions this year and has endorsed 21 Congressional candidates, including three Republicans.
The official denial was issued nearly a week after The New York Times reported that the United States was holding up a nuclear cooperation agreement because it suspected that China was rendering nuclear aid to Pakistan and other nations that were believed to be developing nuclear weapons.
Now that the fleet has arrived and seems about to go into action, the mood has changed.
As I motored along the Merritt Parkway on a cold and clear Sunday morning, I could not help reminiscing about my childhood and that earlier pilgrimage to Ebbets Field.
He missed the hint when they ignored him and later complained to the manager.
Fearing crowds, we had breakfast in our room.
There is almost no chance of a first-time starter's being accepted at Boston unless he or she has world-class credentials; in New York, many first-time marathoners are drawn from a lottery.
For a family of four earning $15,000 a year after deductions, the surcharge would amount to $8.50 when fully effective.
I had been hired primarily to stage ''Brigadoon,'' the finale of a five-play season; it took weeks of persuasion, but Merce not only choreographed the show, he danced the role of Harry Beaton.
'A Tiny Bit Thin' ''I thought I would cut it a little into the green,'' Gilder said, ''but then told myself you better hit it.
STRONG-MINDED WOMEN And Other Lost Voices From Nineteenth-Century England.
There is sometimes some confusion because Mr. Shultz's top bodyguard is also called Obie.
There have been two strikes in the history of the N.F.L., in 1970 and in 1974, and both collapsed before the players attained their goals.
He worked as a carpenter for a few years, and also spent several years at ''a place in the mountains in Colorado; it wasn't the most externally productive time of my life.''
It was an extraordinary meeting.
Let's phase these guys out.'
My gratitude waned at this point and was near vanishing by the time the second serviceman waded up to the door with his jerrycans, several frigid hours later.
The association also has a map of the river for sale.
She was 16-hundredths of a second behind the winner.
A. Henry Hudson Parkway: Both northbound and southbound traffic may experience delays from 125th Street to 144th Street because of road work.
At the foot of the river sits the Chester-Hadlyme Ferry, in continuous service since its founding by Jonathan Warner in 1769.
Registration on a first-come, first-served basis begins tomorrow from noon to 8 P.M. in the gym and will continue through Wednesday.
When City Has Immunity It makes no difference, Justice Brennan said, that a state has delegated broad home-rule powers to its cities.
The Assembly gave final legislative approval today to a bill that would raise New York's legal drinking age from 18 to 19.
Rangel (D) N Y Y Y 20.
Mr. O'Brien, a graduate of Notre Dame, joined No Nonsense Fashions in 1977 from the Calgon Consumer Products Corporation, a division of Merck & Company, which he joined in 1972.
''There is a small problem about locations, though.
''I'm pretty sure something could have been worked out, if I wanted,'' Goodwin said.
His replacement as general manager of Conrail's Metropolitan Region is Richard B. Hoffman, 56, who has been regional manager of the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority, which includes Philadelphia, since 1978.
Mr. Bradley won the association's Spirit of Los Angeles award in 1977.
Purchasing Power Eroded He said that while NJ Transit had recently advertised for the purchase of $120 million in new buses, it has had in its possession since Aug. 15 , 1979, a letter from the Federal agency granting authorization for the expenditure and thus could have moved faster.
1 to 4 P.M.: Viewing of exhibits at the Historical Society, the Public Library and the Art League, followed by tea at the Historical Society.
''Subsidiary-rights sales have always gone on at A.B.A.
Dusk-to-dawn curfews were imposed in at least four western provinces.
has provided money and military equipment to paramilitary groups fighting under the banner of the Nicaraguan Democratic Front, a coalition of Nicaraguan exile groups embarked on a campaign to topple the Sandinists.
Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette, the investment bankers, said yesterday that it had made no provision for loss in its financial statements regarding a dispute with Los Angeles County.
The end product of such coatings is a surface that is smoother than any other layers fabricated by man, an attainment of potentially great importance for building the highly uniform materials needed for some applications in modern electronics.
We hope our conference will help to clarify some of these issues.''
The routine has consisted of ice treatments, electrolysis and exercises to promote healing and flexibility.
M-1 measures currency in circulation plus checking accounts.
He said that ''under pressure'' he has held planes for passengers, including Katharine Graham, board chairman of The Washington Post, who gave him a subscription.
The regime said the new law was an essential part of plans to end martial law by the end of the year, and the Government leader, Genn.
In my opinion, any responsible government would contemplate how such services can be provided.
didn't knock on the doors of Congress and give integrity tests, the middlemen did.''
Always end a column on a light-hearted note, I say.
However, it is not a cheap sport.
The conviction was upheld by the Ohio Supreme Court, which in Pilate-like simplicity affirmed the virtues of the jury system over the shocked dissent of Justice Frank Celebrezze.
With fewer managers in the pyramid, those expectations are diminished, and companies may have to change their compensation structure in order to reflect the individual's actual contribution to the firm.
The Democrats, who control the State Assembly, have a plan that would savage the Republicans.
And they will penalize people.
Harry changes his identity, rents a red sports car with black-andwhite checked seats and is taught the mysteries of sex by a backstreet prostitute played by Bianca Jagger, who sports more diamonds than any backstreet prostitute might even dream of.
Impressive himself in the everyday business of life, he was never overawed by his sitters, no matter how grand or how rich or good-looking they might be.
Despite speculation about Mr. Deng's status, diplomats here tend to feel that the 77-year-old leader is not ill or in political trouble, but that he wants to concentrate his strength on broader issues affecting the country.
Begin's sizable Israeli opposition would annex.
Drew Lewis, the Transportation Secretary, has proposed ending operating grants but has said he favors continuation of capital grants for transit systems.
An active freelance writer and lecturer, he is host of the Metropolitan Opera's ''Live from the Met'' telecasts.
To order tickets, telephone (201) 332-1211 or (609) 665-8224.
The minimum purchase is $7,500.
Saying that ''a way out won't be found without mutual concessions, reconciliation and forgiveness,'' the bishops added that they had frequently called for discussions between the authorities and the opposition and specifically urged that the Government deal with Solidarity.
Below deck, the falling of the one-and-one-half tons of mast and rigging sounded as if a building had been dropped.
This time, Mr. Sharon said, ''if the army is found guilty I shall assume responsibility upon myself.''
wo eilst du hin'' had an impressive power to it.
He appeared at a publisher's reception to promote a new book, ''Seve: The Young Champion,'' by Dudley Doust.
The other works were less cliched to the ear - and less coherent.
In the past, such threats have usually proved groundless but have spurred Congress to action.
''Very few meet promoters or track and field coaches, or even her competitors, know what she's had to do.
The company said that most employees would continue in their jobs.
Churches and residents alike find themselves on opposite sides of the issue.
On Friday at 8:30, John Aley will play the Hertel Trumpet Concerto, and the Dvorzak ''Wind Serenade'' will be conducted by Arthur Weisberg; on the 30th it is Brahms, Schumann and Milhaud, with Sidney Harth, Ronald Roseman and Aldo Parisot among the soloists; and the final concert on July 31 has the Norfolk Chamber Orchestra offering Mozart, Vivaldi, Respighi and Wagner, with the Mr. Harth and Mr. Parisot again taking on solo assignments.
The key reason cited for the expected increase is the rise in gasoline prices, which already appeared at service stations in May.
Meanwhile, Congressional officials said, the subcommittee sliced into funds for operations, maintenance and civilian pay increases, all considered vital by the Defense Department, while adding funds for 20 A-10 attack planes that the Pentagon had not requested.
''Stop horsing around with the tax laws,'' Charles D. Dickey, chairman of the Scott Paper Company, said prior to testifying before the Senate Finance Committee.
The army said that Sami, also arrested for ''terrorist offenses such as belonging to an illegal organization,'' had confessed and would be tried.
I didn't want this marriage' '' The most persuasive reason for the rise in divorce, however, is economic.
One possible solution to the numbers problem is to attempt to overwhelm it with higher spending.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
''I had done karate before, but the last time was 18 years ago,'' Mr. Gossett said.
Bruce M. Fried, a lawyer with the center, said that the case demonstrated ''the ability of legal aid societies to meet the needs of millions of clients in a coordinated, efficient manner.''
Evelyn Ashford of the Medalist Track Club of Los Angeles set a meet record with her 6.20 winning time in the 50 meters.
The reversal was made by the New Jersey State Athletic Commission on the ground that Pedroza had not been sufficiently penalized for repeated fouls.
Mr. Miller, an economist and former deregulation chief for the Reagan White House, believes some of the current legislation involves a legitimate effort to reduce regulatory uncertainties.
After Wimbledon, she prepared intensely for the Open, playing more tournaments and practicing.
In fact, the race may have been won several days earlier by a mysterious shipment that arrived under a different label to elude detection and give the young wine a chance to rest from its journey.
Sunday FOR SAIL IN STAMFORD About 200 foreign and domestic sailboats and 100 racers, day sailers, dinghies and sailboards - on land for a weekend - will be on exhibition in the 11th North Atlantic Sailboat Show at the Yacht Haven Marine Center in Stamford, Conn.
He Is Bitter Against Columnists Mr. Weinberg spoke bitterly about the columnist Jack Anderson and various reporters who work for him, including Indy Badwahr, and of Senator Harrison A. Williams Jr., of New Jersey, a convicted Abscam defendant.
Mr. De Lorean made the original 1,174-car, $17.18 million deal last March to pay off a loan to the Bank of America.
Problems were quickly apparent when one of the first characters on the scene turned out to be the building's irascible elevator man.
''But for all his close attention to the little bits of individual sentences and paragraphs, 95 percent of what he did as an editor he did before he ever saw a manuscript.''
The manufacturing industry is operating at less than 70 percent of capacity.
Colonel Fenimore said there were about 750 full-time and part-time members of the tactical guard unit in Westchester, which includes 50 pilots - most of them commercial airline or corporate pilots.
A United States Embassy spokesman said the number of Chinese going to the United States on official business rose 54 percent in the first six months of this year over the same period last year.
* Allegheny Land and Mineral Co. filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission to offer 500,000 shares of common at $6 to $9 a share, to be sold through a Drexel Burnham group.
Free has responded with an adept display of passing; he has led the club or tied one of his mates in assists in 14 of the last 18 games.
As the doodle bomb came sailing overhead, he stepped into the airing cupboard and sighed heavily.''
(Garvey told The New York Times Thursday that the union had asked that each Oakland Raider be reimbursed $15,000 for expenses if the team shifts to Los Angeles.
That's when he divides sequin-paved dresses into blocks of color, somewhat in the way he handles coats.
Yet paradoxically, there is a huge publicly assisted housing complex, Independence Plaza, right in the midst of TriBeCa, adding an infusion of middle-class residents whom one might never expect to find in SoHo.
Flash units should not be omitted from the night-shooter's arsenal, even though using flash will tend to remove the ''natural look'' from a photograph.
Among other things, salt has been found to penetrate concrete and corrode the steel-reinforcing rods supposedly buried safely inside, authorities say.
''In the beginning, I thought he might still be alive in jail or in a hospital somewhere,'' she said.
Peter Weichsel, a New York expert who now has a Miami Beach residence, teamed with Mike Lawrence of Berkeley, Calif., to head the qualifiers after Tuesday's play by almost a board.
Evita would cry from the balcony, and the crowds would roar.
Mario M. Cuomo on the ballot in the Democratic primary for governor.
Also he had absorbed, by the uniqueness of his retardation and by his proximity to his animal-friends, certain piglike expressions and gestures.
This is not a serious argument.
In football, the pick play has been around for decades, but is seldom detected and penalized.
One bishop complained that the Government had never clearly defined subversion.
But she felt comfortable with him, she said, as though they had known each other all their lives.
''The Islanders believe they can beat anybody, and they should, but if Montreal gets off fast, that would be the only chance the Islanders would lose.
Assemblyman Charles L. Hardwick, Republican of Westfield, spent two days last week at two casinos examining how credit is extended to players.
''I sympathize with the people who are laid off,'' said Steve Hornyak, a 26-year-old millwright who is one of those taking part in the payroll deduction plan at the Aliquippa Works.
as a meddler in community affairs and as unwelcome competition for its own staff of salaried city planners.
Most of the withdrawn deposits were shifted into Treasury bills or commercial paper, which are i.o.u.
Last year, for the first time in many years, the grain harvest was so poor that the yield was not announced.
MONMOUTH COUNTY Contrasts, 49 Broad Street, Red Bank, has a wide assortment of items under $500, with most under $100.
But Egypt's editors seem to be trying to see how far they can go.
However, after a few years a certain amount of oxidation or corrosion sets in, particularly in the springs, and they become very stiff or hard to move.
I continued to play both until my second year in high school, when I decided soccer was the game for me.''
William Wyler's ''Counsellor At Law'' (1933) and ''Twentieth Century'' were the last of the high-caliber Barrymore showcases.
They are displayed in the aquarium's main indoor tank, which is 8 feet high, 30 feet in diameter and contains 30,000 gallons of synthetic seawater.
Luis Marin, a hotel coffee waiter, has denied the charges stemming from the fire on Dec. 4, 1980, in Harrison, N.Y.
They have been hidden behind the combined shroud of technology and national security.''
The first boats to England, which should be the largest such as Flyer, Leslie Williams's First Co-operative from England and Eric Tabarly's Euromarche from France, should arrive in Portsmouth at the end of March or early April.
Some Take the Chance While Officer Sullivan was working the southern half of the precinct, Officer John Porzio, in the northern half, was aiming his tickets at illegally parked cars that had prevented sanitation trucks from cleaning streets.
Each community offers its own wine.
He knows what he wants.''
But by and large, and to the surprise of nearly everyone, it was.
When found later, Mr. Baez had bled severely from the nose, ears and mouth.
He added, ''I think it's just a continuing part of the saga of the S.E.C.
That would be left to a new caudillo, General Peron.
v. e vacationed in Jamaica a few weeks ago, and heeding advice to hire a guide, we accepted the offer of a man who was waiting at the bottom of the road to Dunn's River Falls.
Plant Opens at Capacity In the heart of Florida, Orange County is as well at the heart of the Florida dilemma.
In Ridgefield, the need this year was for one chemistry teacher and two math teachers.
So would a determined attempt to negotiate with the Russians and all nations a total renunciation of the use or possession of chemical weapons.
At a news conference, Clarence M. Pendleton Jr., the commission's chairman, said he was ''not optimistic about the future.''
New York City's Schools Chancellor has asked for a state investigation into the State Education Department and one of its assistant commissioners as a result of a disputed state survey of the city school system's practices in hiring teachers for the handicapped.
Her stepfather is chief of general surgery at Bridgeport (Conn.) Hospital and her mother, Ruth Connell, is home town editor of The Hour, a daily newspaper in Norwalk, Conn. Mr. Nassau is marketing manager for Synertek, a division of Honeywell in Santa Clara, Calif.
Feeling of Christianity All the witnesses for the defendants testifed that they felt the prayer sessions were religious in nature and advanced Christianity.
Gesture for Party Unity But Mr. White complimented Mr. Temple, saying he had chosen ''party unity over personal considerations, which is an act of courage and integrity that won't be forgotten by me or by Democrats throughout Texas.''
It was Macy's 56th annual Thanksgiving Day Parade, and thousands of spectators packed the sidewalks, sitting on curbs, telephone booths, fire hydrants and even lawn chairs to see the procession go by.
Mr. Habib, speaking to reporters, said his goal was the withdrawal of all foreign forces from Lebanon by the end of the year.
We had plenty to eat - you can tell by looking at me - and we were kept warm.
''Both my sons cook and Stephen often entertains for 10 at dinner,'' said Mrs. Specter.
The ruling may be appealed, however.
Jeffrey M. Gluck, who led a group of investors in buying the magazine, expects to produce a new issue by the end of January.
He is George Younger, the Scottish Secretary in Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's Government.
I got the impression Sly wants to play for us.
It would therefore, he said, ''have a discriminatory impact on minorities, on nonwhites seeking work in the construction industry, and a chilling effect on future minority applications.''
Summer flowers are tiny white bells followed by red fruits.
Settlement Reached With Others The commission charges were originally brought not only against Mr. Dirks, but also against Carl John Peterson, a registered representative at Muir; William E. Thompson, the chief executive officer of Cayman Re; Paul V. Miller, its former president; Michael Scott, the former chief executive, and Cayman Re, which operates a reinsurance business out of the Cayman Islands, but raises money in the United States.
Will it be the unconditional surrender the Israelis and many Lebanese want, or will it be allowed to survive as a political movement, or will it be a fight to the death?''
It resonates with the yellow cells of the medial and dorsal accessory olivary nuclei in the brain's medulla oblongata, where essential wisdom is stored.
In a rate decision issued late Monday, the commission said the prospects of bankruptcy for the Public Service Company of New Hampshire and cancellation of Seabrook II were ''so tangible they cannot be ignored.''
Mix first seven ingredients, add egg yolks, mix well.
Esther Mary Cleaves, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Lee Cleaves Jr. of Riverside, Conn., was married in St. Michael the Archangel Roman Catholic Church in Greenwich, Conn., yesterday to Bryant W. Burke, son of Mr. and Mrs. Ross B. Burke of Mountainside, N.J.
Often they pose questions to the doctors rather than provide answers.
Have the professionalism and training of I.N.S.
Westinghouse formed a division in 1981 to market robots.
Wendell, it turns out, is now a famous poet and Thomas Pynchonlike recluse on the verge of winning a Pulitzer Prize.
Recent tests conducted by Auburn University's mechanical engineering department, with aid from the Department of Energy, have produced some surprising discoveries on the amount of creosote in hardwood.
''Without the proliferation of small colleges, dedicated to the liberal arts and to humanistic study,'' he said, ''I see culture gradually disappearing in our society.''
Interest payments on the debt will exceed our original projections by $18 billion in 1982, $32 billion in 1988 and $182 billion over 1982-86 taken as a whole.
The labels are hard to duplicate, and they allow a manufacturer, retailer or consumer to tell whether an article is genuine.
''You can't turn on a weather report without seeing two Lehrman commercials,'' he said.
Kern says he has heard various rumors about his future.
''The joys of sex, once discovered, are rarely put away,'' said Dr. Luella Klein, project director of the Maternal and Infant Care Clinic of Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta.
For instance, people with cancer excrete up to three times more zinc in their urine than do healthy people.
The American Telephone and Telegraph Company and its affiliated local companies last year paid nearly $3.5 million in fees to professors and other consultants for academic services and, in some cases, for providing testimony favorable to Bell before Congressional panels and Federal courts, according to an industry study published today.
Child restraints are available in four basic types and cost from $25 to $75 or more.
Anyone dealing with magazine advertising knows that there is considerably more than that, what with all of the fractions of pages and the regional and demographic editions being offered.
''With the shape I'm in,'' said Olson, ''I was huffing and puffing.''
When he left the game for Neil Allen, a standing ovation prompted the disappointed rookie to pause and tip his cap on the way to the dugout.
Anytime you enjoy doing something, you get better at it.
The bonuses, however, were not included in the new midtown zoning regulations adopted in May, and this is expected to discourage the inclusion of such arcades in new buildings.
Tonight's losers will play the consolation game.
We now need time to permit the flowering of innovation and technology that will allow the 21st century to look back on these years as a trying interlude, but one safely managed.
T he regular-season play determines seedings for those playoffs.
And it is a feeling that probably is rampant on all levels of the noncola end of the soft-drink industry.
''If and when the games go off the board, the fans won't have to do a thing but count their money.
Your heart doesn't have to pump s o much.
Sulzberger and Christopher are alive and well in Greece,'' a tiny voice spoke up inside my head, and whispered, ''Isn't this having it both ways?''
In the case of electronics marketing officials about 80 percent had similar authority - but with a difference.
But then, struck with the angry realization that ''I need this bike,'' she went back and offered the men $15 for it.
The stock market's six-week rally continued yesterday as prices ended moderately higher in active trading.
Both were lifelong Methodists; neither had lived in the city before.
The guidelines were similar to those adopted in at least two dozen states in the mid- and late 1960's in cases in which publicity might have endangered a defendant's chances of getting a fair trial.
These proposals, however, failed to elicit much enthusiasm from the industry.
''It was really 6 to 1,'' he continued, ''but 1 was a close call.
Richard T. Dewling, deputy regional administrator for the Environmental Protection Agency, said his agency had also found high levels of dioxin in those homes, though the Federal agency's measurements differed somewhat from the state's.
''We need a quick, certain remedy for the football strike,'' says Neal Small of Manhattan.
His latest book, a collection of letters edited by R.H. Winnick, will be published this summer by Houghton Mifflin.
The homer made a winner of Mike Morgan as a starter for the first time since April 20, but so did Rich Gossage's relief pitching.
The job is that of deputy chairman for programs, a modest title, but a critical one in grant-giving for the arts.
Over the past year, I have often been struck, and sometimes bemused, by the confusion evinced in the press over those two roles.
Those Indian villagers were not armed.
And if you've bought a home computer you may be able to claim write-offs associated with its use ''to the extent it is used for business purposes,'' says Ernst & Whinney, the accounting firm.
The delicious pastries are usually consumed along with a cup of coffee at about 4 in the afternoon, after the main meal, taken about 1, has had time to digest.
This year, video games and software ''is our No.1 item,'' along with the whole electronic category, he said, with juvenile furniture another big item.
The accord, which needed industry approval to become effective, would have reduced steel shipments to the U.S. over the next three years by about 10 percent below the 1981 level.
Prices of gold also dropped in London and Zurich.
''Here I was, working with an old friend, not just any writer, on a project that we had developed very much together.
The first half of the concert, for example, included not only the Mozart Piano Concerto in D minor, with Annie Fischer as soloist, but also the full-length Mozart Symphony No.
The landlord can charge any rent he wishes unless he also owns other property that is rent-controlled, in which case the rental apartment in his home also is rent-controlled.
For America's and Europe's designers, it is the season to which they devote their greatest energy.
Smaller municipalities are less vulnerable to the current shortage, he said, because they use fluoride in a different form and usually purchase a year's supply at a time.
A ''cap'' on cost-of-living adjustments could mean that nearly 40 percent of all single women over age 72 would be living in poverty by the end of this decade.
Scott, 6 feet tall and 163 pounds, proved his balance in the three events by coming out of the water with an impressive lead and he was never challenged.
Mr. Trantino's sentence was commuted to a life term along with all other death sentences then in effect under a 1972 United States Supreme Court ruling.
was again looking into the school's recruiting.
Otherwise, the clerk is to ignore the label and take the correct number off the withholding tax slip that taxpayers are required to mail in with the completed form.
Stories overlapping, stories spawning stories....The point is, each one wanted a response, a separate, individual response.''
Center of Jewish Learning The professor, whose study of old manuscripts convinced him that Rouen, in the middle ages, was a center of high Jewish learning and culture - surpassing Paris at the time - is the author of a book in Hebrew called ''The History and Culture of the Jews of Medieval Rouen.''
Arrested by Fatah Patrol During the Lebanese civil war of 1975 and 1976, when Syria sent troops to fight against the P.L.O., a Fatah patrol arrested Mr. Gani as a potential enemy, he said, because he belonged to the Syrianbacked group.
In spare moments, the Americans have been practicing cricket, but without much success.
Her mother admitted that ''none of us love her as we do Ray,'' Karin's older sister.
Then I discovered what I owed my own orchestra, and now I am always there, never away more than two weeks at a time.
However, in all but rare cases any building that had fewer than six units in 1974 will not continue under rent stabilization after an abatement ends.
Poverty Is a Factor The fear evident in Vilcashuaman, 410 miles southeast of Lima, was encountered elsewhere in a tour this week of Ayacucho Department, the center of Peru's nascent but growing guerrilla conflict.
Yet New York has lost less overseas business than any of the other United States gateways.
He said earlier this week that Campbell would be running less in games to come.
Edited by Gary Fisketjon and Jonathan Galassi.11 WATCHFIRES.
Her father is president of the American Steel and Aluminum Corporation in Norwood, Mass.
Mr. Murphy went on to say that the passage of the interstate banking proposal ''further enhances New York's reputation as a major and innovative worldwide financial center.''
''But the problem is that we don't believe it is sustainable'' because of high interest rates.
It ridicules racial stereotyping and urban paranoia.
One of the showiest of old East Egg's palaces was a mansion that once belonged to William Randolph Hearst, the newspaper tycoon.
But all that may be changing.
The failure to provide sufficient data to the crew was attributed by the board to inaction of the controllers, skimpy reports to control towers from pilots of other aircraft and shortcomings in the aviation agency's regulations.
Although stopping short of saying that they would turn Embassy into an instant major studio, Mr. Perenchio and Mr. Lear did say they intended to produce 8 to 10 movies a year.
Since his unemployment benefits have run out, the bills for his family of four have begun to pile up.
The fact that Avery pursued a completely independent and steadfast course, regardless of what the artistic fashions of the day demanded, is now seen to be very much to his credit.
Mr. Nietsch, a graduate of the Governor Dummer Academy and Hobart College, received an M.B.A. degree from New York University, and is a financial analyst with the Celanese Corporation in New York.
His high school principal and even Quick himself have told me that he has this fear of being No.1.''
''I don't find that in my role,'' Doubleday said.
Richard Simmons's ''Never-Say-Diet Book,'' which has been on the nonfiction hardcover list for 53 weeks - that is, a year and a week - makes its trade paperback debut in 6th place.
Two weeks ago, it reported that its net earnings did in fact fall 8.2 percent.
Possible False Readings The theory of most safety experts on the low engine power is that ice on instrument sensors in the engines gave the crew false readings of engine power, and that they therefore did not advance the throttles as far as they should have while rolling down the runway.
''We told them that since we got no jobs for the young people, who need to work here so they can be near their families, they should do the mining,'' Mr. Curtis said.
Mrs. Bellows, Mr. Bierbower, Mr. Nachman and Mr. MacCrate are presidential candidates, to be sure, for the first available slot: the term beginning in August 1987.
The Boston Cel tics all but buried the Knicks in the first half lastnig ht at Madison Square Garden, then all but blew a 23-poi nt lead in the second half before winning, 111-107.
Why, against so much expert testimony, are the schools nevertheless subjected to such strong pressure to give creationism equal time?
Last Thursday, opponents wearing black-and-white ''freedom ribbons'' held a demonstration at the edge of the prison property and hoisted a banner that said, ''A prison from Hugh Carey - will the next Governor keep his promise?''
Mr. Adler, a vice president and general manager of The New York Times before his death in 1955, was the nephew of Adolph S. Ochs, who, as publisher of The Times, established the Neediest Cases Fund in 1912.
Cupecoy's Joy and the improbable dream of her winning the filly triple crown had faltered at the top of the stretch, and the big gray filly named Christmas Past was drawing off to a devastating six-length victory in the Coaching Club American Oaks.
She said that since the question of sovereignty over the islands had never been settled, ''it isn't as though the Argentine Government had attacked the British Embassy in Buenos Aires and seized the inhabitants as prisoners.''
In this process, defendants agree to plead guilty and forgo trial in return for less severe sentences.
Answers appear on page 51.
But Mr. Volcker's remarks added to the already stiff opposition in Congress to making the scheduled 10 percent cut in personal income taxes effective Jan. 1 instead of July 1.
Meanwhile in the United States the last homegrown synoptic effort would seem to have been produced by Shearjashub Spooner in Boston in 1853.
Mrs. Bryan said that the delays only made more pressing the need for low-cost housing for the elderly in Princeton.
In the interim, two contradictory developments are under way.
The Senate Subcommittee on Military Appropriations has approved a regular money bill for the fiscal year 1983, which begins Friday.
It said recovery appeared strongest in Britain and France, while Italy had not yet shown signs of emerging from recession.
Although it is accurate to describe the casually comfortable Chatfield's as a neighborhood restaurant, when the neighborhood happens to be Dry Dock country, casualness takes on fairly stylish overtones.
A realignment of European currency values, including a 10 percent devaluation of the French franc against the German mark which was revalued upward, was agreed upon by Western European finance ministers meeting in Brussels.
Monetary policy has been wrong because it has kept money too tight and because it has ignored interest rates.
We seek scapegoats, even among our own, for the evil visited upon us by others.
Oxford's boat had the more experienced oarsmen and a weight advantage of 10 pounds per man.
But perhaps if you did tell people about yourself, then there would be fewer people afraid of ostomy surgery and its results.''
The ball went into center field, and Baker went to third on Youngblood's error.
Leonard, a 6-feet,1-inch guard, was the 211th player drafted out of 225.
Because Blue Bell does business abroad, high interest rates extract a double price.
She did it on a bet with a friend who wagered, and presumably lost, $10 that a pampered lieutenant colonel's wife could not do a job of any significance.
There will be 35 pieces of stone sculpture on exhibit.
But he said the company might impose reductions in wages and benefits, which it did not do in the past.
He used that talent to weave half a Redskin season out of whole cloth so that football addicts here could continue to feed their habit during the strike.
Several domestic producers then sold out, and by 1970 only three remained - Carlisle, Uniroyal Inc. and the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company - sharing 60 percent of the market.
''My pet whale has died,'' he blubbered.
At present there are five flights daily from Athens to Herakleion, with seven scheduled for the summer.
Everett Alvarez Jr., deputy administrator of the Veterans Administration, agreed with several recommendations made by the auditors and said ways would be found to provide treatment programs for female veterans.
With the Panamanian neck dividing it, Colombia's 1,500 miles of coastline stretch from the Pacific on the west to the Caribbean on the north.
The deposition was recorded in a secret session in the defendant's presence over two days beginning March 30 this year, a year to the day after he left a letter to Miss Foster in his Washington hotel room and went out to shoot the President.
Though you may not have succeeded in selling 50,000 copies of his book, you have assured him that he is not alone in his craft and sullen art, and that's something worth working for.
And there was one 30-second spot entirely devoted to it in the Chevy pool of commercials.
His father was a junior high school teacher.
'There Is Nothing to Annoy' ''I hope it will change much very soon,'' said Dr. Mohammed Sabry Zaki, a surgeon who is also Governor of Aswan Province.
Moslem countries proclaimed a one-day work stoppage today to demonstrate support for Palestinians in Israeli-occupied lands.
Drinks only are available, at $3.50 and up.
In 1971, he was chosen by Mr. Carlson to be head of United's food services, then became the airline's chief marketing officer in 1974.
A bill revising the immigration laws was approved by a House committee.
Wall Street frowned over that error, but Mr. Land believed that a company must continually innovate or die.
QUESTION: Which five countries have won the most medals in the Summer and Winter Olympics?
''It was 30 degrees below zero in there.
That might explain paret?s - strangers!
For instance, Dr. Black reports, Carnegie officials have been ''quite actively collecting'' in such areas as anthropology, entomology, mammology and botany.
So several corporations have been trying to find ways to get their challenges into the Federal courts.
''The high price of land zoned to allow office development has driven out service industries which have a lower profit margin incapable of supporting high rents,'' it added.
And they are - despite this redeeming show -what we'll remember Thayer for.
Yet for those who knew how to look, the whole story was there - not so much described, as summoned to our awareness.
His first speech after his release was addressed to Archishop Glemp, seated on a throne in a church in the town of Bialystok.
Threat Is Recounted ''I told him I had decided there was no way I would get involved in that,'' Mr. Gallagher said.
Adams, who had never challenged for a title in his five-year PGA Tour career, played the final round in 69 to match Haas's 276 total, eight shots under par on the No.
''I wanted to do things that felt different to my body,'' the 33-year-old choreographer states simply.
Sometimes they'd need eight or nine heats for a race then; sometimes they'd have to finish it the next day.
''But around age 11 or 12 they start breaking away from their parents and begin developing their own identities,'' Dr. Kelley continued.
And there is an additional conflict of philosophy taking place as to whether advertising-supported or subscriber-supported is the best approach for a particular cable television service.
The commander of the National Guard, Col. Ruben Dario Paredes del Rio, backed President de la Espiella's call on Friday for all ministers, governors, mayors, ambassadors, consuls and directors of state-owned businesses to resign.
Indeed, paleontologists point out that oil is a decidedly one-time phenomenon, meaning the chemical reactions that hundreds of millions of years ago transformed one-celled plants and animals into hydrocarbons will not recur in any time frame that makes sense to human beings.
His decision to seek the County Executive post again reportedly blocked plans by Mayor Kenneth A. Gibson of Newark to run for that office.
Memorial Mud Problem P eople here are again talking about a quagmire in connection with Vietnam, but this time it is the squishy sod and oozing mud around the recently dedicated Vietnam war memorial on the Mall.
At his request, Congress then tightened the eligibility criteria.
''But the corporations don't tell them about the high cost of living.
''It's not that we couldn't afford to give Rob what he's asking,'' George Young, the Giants' general manager, explained.
We pay between $2,500 and $50,000 for a title, design an attractive cover that plays up the author's name, put an edition of perhaps 75,000 copies into the racks, and let readers' word-of-mouth carry on from there.
While some underwriters may feel the risk to merchant ships in the South Atlantic remains minimal, since the present fighting is focused on military rather than on civilian targets, others may interpret the present crisis in the Falkland Islands as a grave threat to any shipping in the area and consequently will set higher insurance rates.
''Transaction costs for small lease arrangements appear to be no larger, relative to the size of the transactions, than they are for large lease transactions,'' the Secretary said.
''Baseball is the greatest game invented by man,'' the 51-year-old Hall of Famer said in the dugout at Robert F. Kennedy Stadium, home of the Senators until baseball abandoned Washington 11 years ago.
''The same was true of another talented entrant who was not a lyrical dancer but did that kind of material.
Miss Anderson must be a particularly confusing case for the compulsive categorizers.
In retrospect, Mr. Brzezinski said that the Carter Administration ''may have been outsmarted a little bit'' by Mr.
From there, the truckers had been able to pick up the Gov.
Conspicuous because of the technical virtuosity required to print it is Gene Davis's design of vertical stripes in 22 colors - the most ever pulled by hand in lithography.
Dr. Bryant M. Kirkland, senior minister of the church.
WEDNESDAY Commonwealth of Massachusetts, $150 million.
Claims that results of short-term psychotherapy are comparable to those of psychoanalysis should be viewed with caution until they have been tested by controlled-outcome studies.
'' This is much more pleasant than having your hips whittled away, and just as ineffective for getting an audience.
With so many big names so close, the holes along the Pacific Ocean, notably the 17th and 18th, might well decide this Open today or create an 18-hole playoff tomorrow.
The home-video-game field is divided into two parts.
Lucky Rice Shop, 18 Elizabeth St. Blimpie's, 109 Hudson St. Lo-Jan Coffee Shop, 114 Hudson St.
''How does it feel not to have a yacht?''
The twin evils of inflation and recession have certainly played a key role.
I'm not dreaming any of this up just to provide Mr. Irwin with a principle of unity.
That feeling is shared by everyone who looks at her portrait; art supersedes the artist.
Inventory liquidation has been considered to be necessary before business executives can consider resuming full production.
It's the richness and the strangeness of the collections, which might have been formed by a magpie with a college education and a forklift instead of a beak.
Asked about his support of the death penalty, he brought up polls showing that the electorate agreed with him ''overwhelmingly.''
He told his listeners it was time to make Quebec ''a country, a real country where we can feel at home.''
Mr. Caputo, who is 38 years old, said he had never tried to misrepresent himself.
Bergesch inquired about George Brett and was told, according to John Schuerholz, the Royals' general manager, that ''we don't intend to trade George Brett.''
To make up for all this, considerable carnage must be racked up in a hurry, and so one of the film's later scenes dispatches a dozen campers in a single attack.
Sometimes you don't recognize the differences between his songs because he doesn't set them up.
Consumer Interpol is also compiling lists of drugs being sold in the Asia-Pacific region that have been banned in the West.
He ruffed a club with the heart queen, finessed in trumps and cashed the heart ace.
He recently completed a film, ''The Outside World,'' for Yorkshire TV, and got paid twice as much for working half the time that was spent on ''To Serve Them All My Days.''
Separate the leg and thigh.
What we are missing in most of our operatic productions was hinted at just the evening before, again at Lake George.
MORE than a good beginning was made by two young choreographers, Victoria Uris and Susan Marshall, who shared a program Saturday night at Pace University's Schimmel Center.
But the change involved is not as great as you might think.
Because a Taylor work is so emotionally stirring, it is easy to overlook the point that no dancers act in his pure-dance pieces.
It is not surprising then that two of Second Stride's choreographers, Siobhan Davies and Richard Alston, were originally part of Mr. Howard's organization.
Copter Saved Snake Victim The new system, however, will not try to fly helicopters to a majority of serious accident cases, as is done in many rural areas.
''Every pitcher's been sent to the pen for work,'' the manager said.
I need strength at my back.''
A Guaranteed Loan In an effort to rebuild its plant and shore up its finances, Burnside turned to the Small Business Administration, which guaranteed a bank loan of $500,000 at an interest rate of more than a point above the prime rate.
The London-based human rights organization Amnesty International has said that tens of thousands of Vietnamese are detained in labor re-education camps.
They are the Alawites, members of a Shiite sect to which President Hafez al-Assad of Syria belongs, and the Sunni Moslems, who are supported by pro-Iraqi fighters.
But, she acknowledged, if a customer brought up the potential problem of a troubled airline, she would tell them of the possible risks and ask: ''Do you want to take a chance?''
Switching of Tires Many of the teams used the pause to good advantage and switched tires.
In Boston, during the period of budget cutting, the First U.S.
He is a grandson of the late Edward H. Kenerson of Winchester, Mass., who was a partner and treasurer of Ginn & Company, textbook publishers in Boston.
Also, a team of specialists is needed for such care because a second clot can form at any time.
With Dinah Shore as host, ''The All-American Songbook'' takes place mostly in the ballroom of a New York hotel.
The fund, Mr. Endean said, has not become involved in any races in the New York metropolitan area as yet.
Monmouth 72 Southampton 59 Special to the New York Times SOUTHAMPTON, L.I.
Klein, Mr. Caputo said diplomatically, ''It's too early.''
The plant, now a community center, was completed in 1944.
Then the tax records unfolded the clues: th e Melville home was in the city's 18th Ward on Block No.
AS I WALKED DOWN NEW GRUB STREET.
It is sold by the Dow Chemical Company under the name Tordon.
He said he did not anticipate ''any significant'' changes in tax and royalty arrangements for a few years.
The counsel for the plaintiff patients, Robert M. Levy of the New York Civil Liberties Union, and Jonathan D. Siegfried, of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison, representing the Legal Aid Society, called the decision ''a total victory.''
This dispute, combined with the suspicious activities reported by the agency's inspectors, led to a dramatic warning.
Miss Haimsohn exuberantly recited and chanted her pungent and indulgent sentences, laden with assonance, alliteration and ethnic accents.
''This wonderful young woman is the cause of this man's downfall,'' the teacher announces, explaining the poem.
It's like the Belmont of France.
Fatty's Restaurant at 184 Albert Street serves classic Cantonese food, including roast duck with plum sauce for $4.
The concluding set, by the Big Apple Jazzwomen, will be led by the pianist and vocalist Gloria Coleman.
(The Polish Government told Western banks in mid-December that it wanted to borrow $350 million to help pay $500 million in back interest char ges by the end of 1981.
Yesterday, they hit a 52-week low of 101 1/8, before closing at 102 1/2, up 1/2.
Investors who bought its shares two months ago, when it filed for protection, could have realized a return of up to 70 percent at yesterday's high.
With a hamburger and ribs place - call it 'The Inferno.'
One of the Picassos, for example, is a prize head of a woman, in oil, of the 1930's, an especially fertile period in the artist's evolution.
Gain in Retail Sales But he also pointed to a separate report issued last week showing that retail sales rose a strong 2.3 percent in November, suggesting ''that total business sales firmed last month.''
Reproducing the old method in every possible detail, an antique cutting plow will be drawn across the lake today by a team of horses, scoring the field for harvest.
The rabbet joint is a strong but simple joint.
Yet, they rarely have the opportunity to do that with new pieces, because contemporary classical music is -well, you know what it is.
As it was, the December Value Line index futures closed unchanged at $130.60, while the actual index climbed 61 points, to 132.98.
The panorama from the top of the mountain was more than worth the sore feet suffered by the time we had reached the bottom.
According to the group's communique, the raiding party wounded or killed 35 people in the Nicaraguan town of San Francisco del Norte.
Shall the mouseburgers inherit the earth?
But I think the Western media are falling victim to Russian disinformation and you reduce the whole conflict in Angola to the M.P.L.A.
However, Dr. Simpson said, he believes that narcotics might induce larceny in the same sense th at alcohol induces assault - that is, narcotics might diminish an e xperienced offender's inhibitions against committing a crime.
There will be no funeral.
It was there a few months ago.
Part of the problem i s that paperback publishers have talked down the people.
Everyone had expected to go into rehearsal for Broadway right away.
Now they pay for these artists to make promotional videos of their latest songs, and furnish these videos free of charge to selected clubs and to MTV, the Warner-Amex cable channel that broadcasts videotaped, single-record length rock shows around the clock.
A Telling Reaction Significantly, Mr. Milson presented the image of an official deeply fearful of the P.L.O.
While Puerto Rico's original lawsuit was wide-ranging, the Supreme Court was presented with a single issue: whether a Federal court has discretion in dealing with Clean Water Act violations or whether the statute requires the issuance of an injunctin.
Earthen dams were reported washed away in Clinton, Essex, Westbrook and Ivoryton.
Does exposure to a world in which aggression is the norm make aggression in the real world acceptable, possibly even admirable?
Last Friday, it gave the Vanity Fair assignment to Lloyd Ziff, who had been art director at another Conde Nast publication, House and Garden.
Flora's bar is furnished in her style, with mirrors, flocking and Tiffany-style glass.
Mr. Fischer added, ''He went in order to facilitate communications and to maintain discussions with leaders of the Argentine Government.''
Nor was any genetic factor revealed in studies of crying behavior among identical and fraternal twins.
The American Natural Resources Company of Detroit, which operates interstate gas pipelines, among other businesses, yesterday announced a realignment in top management.
The film opens today at the Paramount and Loews Tower East Theaters.
''There are no jobs out there for me,'' Mr. Sanders said.
He based his prediction on increases ranging up to 4 cents a gallon by ''about a dozen'' independent refiners, including Ashland and Marathon.
Also on the program are Heinrich Schutz's G erman Requiem and five pieces by Charles Ives that celebrate 19th-ce ntury America's more direct and forward musical approach to Christ ianity.
Judge Weinstein said he had communicated with Senator D'Amato and Justice Department officials about the need to fill the Eastern District vacancies.
The California fish are descendants of New Jersey bass planted in San Francisco Bay in 1879.
The Post's ''big story'' so far has been an examination of police practices.
---- Wally Backman has signed a one-year contract and Mike Howard and Ed Lynch have agreed to terms, the Mets announced Sunday, leaving no unsigned players.
''I bought all five for less than this one cost,'' he said.
Neither the United States Supreme Court nor Gov.
Elsewhere on the grounds, big servers were making their presence felt.
Senator Alan Cranston of California, the Democratic whip, called the proposal ''a prescription for abdicating our national commitment to meeting the most basic human needs of our poor, disabled and elderly citizens and the children of tomorrow.''
The number of central cities with black majorities increased from two in 1960 to 10 in 1980, he observed.
Under the state's Department of Public Utility Control, utilities cannot cut off services between Nov. 1 and April 15, if the customer is a hardship case receiving public assistance.
Discovery of Problem Mr. Butcher also defended the bank's conduct since it first learned a week ago last night that Drysdale could not meet $160 million in interest payments that were due Monday.
We are provided with valuable new information on Truman's relationship with his imperial Secretary of State, Dean Acheson; they had much more in common than I had realized.
bonus and salary committee ''determined that there would be no bonus awards related to the years 1981 and 1980,'' the company said when it released financial statements on the company's performance.
Back at the White House I t seems like only a few weeks since the White House press staff bid a fond farewell to Lyndon K. Allin, a foreign affairs specialist who achieved his goal to be transferred to the International Communications Agency so that he could build and run a foreign press operation there.
Peter Hall recognizes this intellectual side of Mr. Nunn, but also calls his work ''very human and vigorous - he never forgets the joy of being alive.''
He also saw some good in the attacks on him, saying they had heightened interest in his remarks.
They settled on $16,000 (about $13,500 United States dollars at exchange rates then).
At the same time, two of the three television networks, CBS and ABC, decided to move into the lucrative business of making movies.
Unless the economy has improved significantly, the automakers are likely to be highly resistant.
But eventually, he was helped to his feet and to his dressing room.
FOOTBALL LOS ANGELES (MFC) -Hired jack Snow as assistant coach in charge of receivers.
Mr. Regan is also reportedly concerned that the United States is carrying too much of the burden of bailing out debtor countries.
The survey found Americans remarkably pleased with their basic medical care, despite certain pockets of dissatisfaction, particularly among minorities and the poor and despite numerous unhappy experiences with some doctors.
Garbo at the height of her career, often at an obscure table in the corner.
''We are out to decentralize the art world,'' explained Mr. Malone in talking of the night's events.
Herb Brooks not only was an American but he also preached European hockey strategy.
But Charlie Brown is not Gonzo the Great and though there is some similarity in temperament, Lucy is not Miss Piggy.
The agencies are also working to expand into new markets, such as coal exports, through a proposed coal export terminal on Staten Island.
His success there has spurred him to undertake similar housing projects in Newark and Los Angeles.
The informants also pointed out that Syria had received no request from the Palestine Liberation Organization that it take in guerrillas.
--------------------------------------------------------------------- Amos Kenan is a novelist and political columnist for the Israeli newspaper for Yediot Aharonot.
The New Jersey Democrat said he would ask the Justice Department for an opinion on the bill's constiutionality.
''But they came back like gangbusters in the second half, and particularly in the fourth quarter.''
It provides data bases for professionals in the automotive, electronics, plastic materials and employee benefit fields.
The Cabinet cannot meet until Thursday when Foreign Minister Yitzhak Shamir will have returned from a trip to Washington.
One only cavils at how much more could be accomplished.
The bureaucratic world is peopled, he observes, by cautious aggrandizers of power.
Instead of allowing only one player to go to midcourt to help handle the pressure, he brought two men into that area.
Meanwhile, women competed with blacks for jobs in the burgeoning information industries.
Getting 'Obtain' ''On the international front,'' wrote my colleague in columny Joseph Kraft, ''the same benign political results obtain.''
During an economic boom in the late 1970's, when the Argentine Government overvalued the peso, many of them went to Rio de Janeiro, Paris and Miami instead.
Also in celebration of the 100th anniversary of Picasso's birth, his two plays, ''Desire Caught by the Tail'' and ''The Four Little Girls,'' are being given as a double bill.
Use of nearby recreational facilities, such as tennis courts, golf courses, beaches and boat docks should be checked out.
They're all gone now, and they are sorely missed.
But in the past, acreage controls have proved notoriously difficult to enforce.
The Giants saw their three-game winning streak end, and their record fell to 3-4.
''The machine,'' he said, ''which was invented to lighten the burden on man, has transformed human life.
Miles did not dare play 26 .
This has rubbed off on Mrs. Thatcher who, if the polls are to be believed, would be re-elected now with an increased majority.
Some critics even question whether acquiring domestic mines ever was good stragegy since the ore deposits in the United States are of a lower grade compared to the newer discoveries being made abroad that are easier and cheaper to exploit.
Mr. Nakasone's goal of eventual treaty revision and troop withdrawal is motivated by a desire for a stronger Japanese military posture.
The regimen the players must follow, however, speaks for itself.
Lebanon has always rested on a delicate political balance between Christians and Moslems and an even finer equilibrium between European and Arab culture.
It said it would oppose any such venture.
The same problem occurs among recipients of transplanted kidneys and other organs who take the immunosuppressive drugs to help prevent rejection of the organ.
After Hendrick's hit, Manager Harvey Kuenn called for McClure, who got the last five outs by pitching to four batters in the 7-5 victory Saturday.
Just as Brown made the statement, Sherod missed a free throw.
Given the urgent state of the Government's balance sheet, President Reagan has decided that the time has come to start ringing debtors' doorbells.
Dr. Daniel R. Weinberger, director of the clinical neuropsychiatry unit of the National Institutes of Health, said that such abnormalities are found in only 2 percent of the normal population, but in about 1 in 3 schizophrenics.
Redoute: The Rembrandt of Roses.''
The world's first traveling tramcar restaurant, as the facility is known, is offering diners in Melbourne a four-course menu at lunch or dinner and providing them with an opportunity to wash it down with champagne while enjoying the sights en route.
Like the recent films of Carlos Saura and Victor Erice, ''To an Unknown God'' recalls the legacy of nearly 40 years of the Franco dictatorship, but it does this in terms that are so special, so private, that one attends the film as if it were a meeting of cabalists.
''A woman wrote in to say the turkey stayed moist all right, but the plastic cup melted,'' she said.
His salary seems kind of out of proportion when you stop and think about it, particularly when I see national scholars in the top rank making less than that for sure.''
''I guess if someone took a picture of me, they'd have thought I was crazy,'' he said.
Mr. Papp said it was ''an amicable separation'' between the two.
When work is completed next year, the hole, one of the most picturesque on the course, will be reinstated as a par 4.
At 8 tonight, next Friday and Saturday, and at 3 P.M. on Dec. 26 and 29.
I have used various liquid detergents, but to no avail.
The most frightening individual sometimes is the ''borderline'' individual whose place on the continuum may vary wildly but who, for the most part, covers up his inability to cope with society fairly well.
Even though it's a team effort, I had the game in my hands and I lost it for him.''
The Pirates invited him to spring training, but told him he would have to earn his way onto the roster.
One of a series (there are Christopher guides to the Northeast states, the Southwest states, the Southern, Midwestern and Northwestern states), this guide, like the others, specializes in budget travel and includes information about restaurants, inexpensive car rental agencies and travel ''bargains.''
Whatever the quality of the piece and of its performance may turn out to be, one thing is certain: 200 cellos will look louder than they sound.
But that becomes painful, so political pressure is brought to bear.
''I don't want to sound as if I'm complaining but I think I broke three or four bad habits just by talking to Chico and to Smitty.
The guide through the more private ''Jackson Pollock - The Last Sketchbook'' is William S. Lieberman, curator of 20th-century art at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
And what's so wrong with excluding the slanderous foreign press?
The Fiji dollar is worth $1.15 U.S. at banks.
It is not known if the American units are als o losing money because Triumph-Adler does not disclose profitabillit y figures for its various operating units.
And third, that no matter what the political system - short of brute terror, of course - composers everywhere must fight the battles of private esotericism versus public appeal.
''Well, that's not clear,'' Glashow said.
Rejected Energy Post Mr. Connally, however, already has demonstrated that he can be a picky man when it comes to jobs.
''Why do you talk for us?''
will require taxpayers or financial institutions to add together interest paid the same person.
Don Frame has an effectively snickering and sinister tone as Jack - the observer, friend and narrator who tosses off acerbic asides to the audience.
Teheran's oil minister said his nation's goal would be raise output to 3 million barrels a day, more than double the 1.2 million quota set by OPEC.
In a near-parody o f bureaucratic tendencies, its original makeup of 35 hadballooned to 44 by the time of the first meeting and the group still lacks any members oriented toward agriculture.
An opposing view is that of Commissioner John Evans, who fears overregulation.
The attorney, John D. Nickola, sued the hospital on behalf of Rodney and Marla Densteadt of Perry, Mich., the parents of Courtney Dendsteadt.
The futures buyer's cash investment, or margin, is not a deposit on the goods, but merely a nominal ''good faith payment'' to insure performance of the contractual obligation.
Finally, proponents maintain that the beauty of the freeze proposal is its simplicity.
''Well, they're not going to get me without a hell of a fight,'' he said.
Early in the morning of July 18, detectives said, Mr. Abbott and two female friends were in the BiniBon Restaurant at 79 Second Avenue and the corner of Fifth Street.
You've got to put the fear of the Shogun into them.''
''Some people charge by ego rather than ability,'' he said.
Wuppertal is a patchwork quilt of a city along the winding Wupper River on the edge of the industrial Ruhr area.
The Bronco quarterbacks were sacked seven times.
''But what pleases me is that it's no longer the way it used to be.
The U.S. will not provide a low-interest loan to the Budd Company to help it fight a Canadian competitor, Bombardier, for a $650 million contract to build New York City subway cars, Treasury Secretary Regan said.
Miss Kistler is an ingenue, and a bit of a plumber, too.
Their situation worsened a few months ago when they learned that Mrs. Smith had cancer and the costly treatments began to drain their savings faster.
In most cases, the OPEC members that are conforming to the guidelines are selling crude oil at prices above those of comparable oil available elsewhere.
After striking out Tom Paciorek, Gossage got into more trouble.
Against 'Facelessness' ''I wanted to get underneath things,'' Miss Gikow said, ''to be more involved with individuals, and to get away from facelessness.''
The press got hold of the letter.
And the libretto has many changes.
There is a lack of concern when the Newark Housing Authority refuses to provide heat for its tenants.''
Mr. Askin and his brother, Seymour R., were principal owners of Askin Stores, a company founded by their father.
The shelves of this store and those throughout suburbia are bulging, deadly arsenals in this war on worms.
They arrive after a three-day journey inwhich they ha ve experienced the thrills and inconveniences of weightlessnes s, and look forward with relief to reaching the surface of a world wh ere up is up and down is down.
For Egypt, both health and economic consequences will be predictably more dire.
Late Monday, Mr. Wills said that if new residents at the Bethesda home continually talk with each other, they are usually paddled.
Massachusetts law requires hospitals to give lifesaving emergency treatment regardless of a patient's ability to pay, and attorneys for Revere argued that Massachusetts General Hospital, to which the suspect was taken, should assume the expense as part of its public obligation.
To restore a fixture that has been neglected and is very dull or has numerous scratches, you will have to use an automobile polishing compound.
But speaking on the other side of the issue will be representatives of the Connecticut Civil Liberties Union, who argue that the bill could be a dangerous first step down the road to wider censorship.
Mr. McKeon, who is 39 years old, was graduated from Fordham University with an accounting degree in 1964.
Dissent by Two Judges In a dissent, Judges Matthew J. Jasen and Hugh R. Jones, said, ''We believe that we are bound by the affirmed finding of fact at the Appellate Division that the primary election was so permeated by fraud and irregularities 'as to render it impossible to determine who was rightfully nominated.'
Usually, the team that is allowed to relax a little more plays a better game.
Mr. Musto is often called ''the dean of the Legislature'' and more than once has passed up the opportunity to be Senate President.
Mr. Greene has just finished a novel, called ''Monsignor Quixote,'' and a parish priest in S pain is the protagonist.
Stress has got such properties, and they can be measured.''
Your Paperboy, Michael Brophy By BETSY BROWN THIS message, handwritten and photocopied, was tucked under my kitchen door recently by a gregarious 15-year-old who treats his paper route as a high calling and his customers as a social circle.
''L'AMORE DEI TRE RE'' is one of those tantalizing operas that once were staples of the repertory but for this or that combination of reasons have dropped out of sight and hearing.
New York: The Dial Press.
Both CBS News, with ''Sunday Morning,'' and ABC, with ''Nightline,'' have demonstrated that it is possible to build a substantial audience for news programs, even during time slots that had traditionally been filled with other kinds of programming.
Regarded as Patriot Mr. Gomulka's credit with the Polish people was high in 1956 because he had defied Stalin in 1948 on the extent of Soviet influence.
Almost half the population is aged 20 or less and the country has a critical need for skilled personnel, so the lack of schools troubles many people.
The State, originally known as Bhurtpur, lies on the very borders of Rajasthan, within sight of Fatehpur Sikri - the grandiose, rose-red city that Akbar built on the plains to the west of Agra, and then suddenly abandoned.
Moderate Republican Senators up for re-election, such as Lowell P. Weicker Jr. of Connecticut, John H. Chafee of Rhode Island and John C. Danforth of Missouri, chose to buck the President's effort to raise military spending at the expense of domestic social programs.
Dr. Salem is a political scientist.
There was an increase of four-tenths of 1 percent, to $62.3 billion, for sales of nondurable goods, including gains of sixtenths of 1 percent for general merchandise stores, seven-tenths of 1 percent for food stores, 1.3 percent for gasoline stations, 1.5 percent for clothing outlets, eight-tenths of 1 percent percent for eating and drinking places and six-tenths of 1 percent for drug stores.
You cannot seize how Mr. Smith in some little village, if he does what is right for him and his cohorts, will be destroying the fabric of the United States of America because it is so great and so beyond him.
Dr. Ross, an alumnus of Boston University and the New York Medical College, completed a residency in orthopedic surgery at the Long Island Jewish Medical Center and is a fellow in trauma and microsurgery at the Nassau County Medical Center in North Hempstead, L.I.
Although prices rose as much as half a point for some note and bond issues yesterday, analysts said that the gains were not accompanied by a surge in buying from institutions.
One apparent irony is that virtually every company that hires M.B.A.'s insists that it takes only the brightest.
It's a shame, because the elements for a potentially solid entertainment have been gathered together in ''Blues in the Night'' - only to be left as high and dry as the nameless women who occupy its fleabag Chicago hotel.
It creates a fixation on the order of battle, when the reordering of political priorities is a more appropriate concern.
William L. Calley Jr. ''Hell, he was there with a rifle in his hand,'' said an infantry colonel during Calley's trial.
His inactivity, the 6-foot-2 1/2-inch Moffett said, has pushed his weight from 157 pounds to 163.
The bridegroom's father was the best man.
The company was later named Inco Ltd.
According to the college's sports information director, Bruce Madej, Mr. Crisler had been hospitalized at least twice in recent months.
All companies with domestic production benefited from the decontrol of crude oil prices.
The mother, 38-year-old Joan Faeneza, was listed in very critical condition with severe burns at the Nassau County Medical Center in East Meadow.
Begin expressing concern about American-Israeli relations, including American apprehension about a possible Israeli move into Lebanon that might violate the six-month-old cease-fire there.
His previous marriage ended in divorce.
''There are overanxious students who come to us before they get an invitation,'' said the program director, Michael A. Tedesco.
Those stories I told to myself, and eventually to others in the family, as a child were tirelessly executed in pictures, in pencil or crayon, because I couldn't yet write.
In 1956 Jason Epstein, now editorial director of Random House but then the young founder of the Anchor publishing house, approached the late William Foxwell Albright, the great Semitic language scholar at Johns Hopkins University, to discuss a new edition of the King James version that would reflect the new scholarship.
-Carlo Bini, Metropolitan Opera tenor.
The Baltimore metropolitan area gets $19.5 million of this money.
The captains of two airliners that had been at the airport at the time testified at the opening of the safety board's public hearing that they had seen significant buildups on the Air Florida plane.
And, when that advertiser, the notoriously close-mouthed Procter & Gamble, makes some of its executives available for press interviews, that's even bigger news.
It also reached a record 1,433.55 Italian lire, up from Friday's close of 1,421.00 and breaking the previous record of 1,427.50, also set last Thursday.
More impressive, perhaps, is Filmways' film library.
''I am not a prophet,'' he said.
Among them was his grandest house outside California, a home for John Nicholas Brown on Fishers Island, N.Y., with 30 rooms and quarters for six servants.
But private military analysts calculated the number at 17,000, by using the projected weapons plans of the Defense Department for the .
Jeane J. Kirkpatrick, the United States representative, said that tonight's resolution, unlike the earlier two, ''is not sufficiently balanced to end the cycle of violence'' in Lebanon.
''The cost of excellence is staggering,'' says Mr. Fogel.
But Pete can achieve parity by adjusting the schedule so the Giants, for example, can get into the playoffs easier.
From Des Plaines, the cider was sent to an F.B.I.
Thereafter, and for the following two weeks, something very disconcerting happened.
Chuck steak increased 2 cents to $1.69, 8 cents less than a year ago.
Originally developed as the Congressional counterpart to the President's Council of Economic Advisers, the committee has, of late, been viewed as a stronghold of supply-side economics.
There are two worrries: that he might back off the course and that he might not pursue it with sufficient vigor and determination.
AEG-Telefunken expects a $400 million loss in 1982 before a return to profitability in 1984, the financial newspaper Boersen-Zeitung said today.
It makes the actors heroes.
''Over the last few decades, there has been a fairly steady economic growth in the country, even though the economy has dipped into a recession a few times,'' he continued.
''I know what happened,'' he said.
Before the Indians hired Ferraro, he had been interviewed for the Texas job and the Indians had tried diligently to hire Billy Martin.
Mr. Kean said that without the gas tax revenue, which has been estimated at $185 million, 5,000 state employees would have to be laid off to balance the 1982-83 budget.
A measure of the jealousy with which the Colony guarded its privacy can be gleaned from an April 29, 1930, account in The New York Times: ''For two weeks, it has been a secret that the police were called by the Colony Club, on Park Avenue at 62d Street, socially rated as one of the most important clubs for women in New York.
* Grand Union Co., Elmwood Park, N.J., has elected to its board Jane von der Heyde, senior vice president and general counsel of General Occidental Inc., and vice president and general counsel of Cavenham Holdings Inc. * Instron Corp., Canton, Mass., has appointed Ian M. MacGregor chief executive officer of the company's British subsidiary, Instron Ltd. * Lehndorff Group, Dallas, announced that Robert L. Anderson has joined Lehndorff Management (USA) Ltd. as executive vice presidentfinance.
Their forebears, shepherds in the Balkans, had brought their knowledge of wool to the textile mills of New England.
The information itself is stored magnetically on the concentric tracks laid down by the formatting, each of them in turn segmented by a division of the disk into pie-shaped wedges.
(In Tel Aviv, the Israeli military command said its planes destroyed a Syrian surface-to-air mobile missile launcher in the Bekaa Valley of Lebanon and announced that three Israeli soldiers were killed in an ambush in the same region on Friday.
(The cops bathe Rudy in ink and display him in a cage to selected visitors, who are encouraged to punch him out a little: ''I was regional theater.'')
Aggression must not be allowed to succeed.
Rotated back to the States, Myers became a test pilot for the Navy and, later, Convair, a division of General Dynamics.
''If we had a Chinaglia,'' said Toronto's Bruce Wilson, formerly with the Cosmos, ''we would have scored 10 goals.
The heroine and hero announce their personality traits early on and rarely develop more depth than posterboards.
The problems inherent in Rudolph Diesel's 19th-century design at first also led domestic auto makers to doubt the engine's appeal to the American market.
The gardens were groomed to perfection when I paid a four-day visit mid-point during last spring's festival.
King Hussein of Jordan secretly passed assurances that such an announcement would give him the mandate he required to negotiate on behalf of the Palestinians.
He said some of them might have been single-room occupancy units set up without the city's approval.
The final round is Sunday.
For 11 months, Louis Sommella, a New York City police detective, pretended to be a corrupt officer ''on the pad'' - a term used by the police to denote systematic payoffs to officers to overlook illegal actions.
It nonetheless elicited opposition, particularly from some community residents and local elected officials who were worried about the 10,000 people Lincoln West will bring into their already crowded neighborhood.
''They built a parking lot,'' she continued.
Sets designed by Peter Wexler.
Chief among these feelings is hunger for change.
Eventually, the actor may undergo a new transplant, Miss Altieri said, but ''there's no rush.''
Slid under a scanner, they immediately tell an immigration official whether the document is valid or not.
However, it was not with the Met but the Philadelphia-Chicago Opera Company; the Met gave its last ''Hamlet'' in 1896. Who, then, could stay away when so rare a bird was on exhibition?
The inclination of these little companies - which already have the benefit of government subsidies - is to try to come into the United States market with a better price.
United States Army investigators have found the wreckage of a World War II B-24 Liberator bomber with the remains of 19 Americans in the jungles of Papua New Guinea.
Miss Hamlin immediately turned to him, but not to scold.
The acquisition and renovation costs amount to about $2.7 million.
Skepticism Voiced in Congress But the reported decline in weapons production has led staff specialists in Congress to suggest that a reversal in the Soviet buildup may have set in.
The agency's action, filed Thursday, was simultaneously settled, with no admission or denial of guilt by the defendant, Guy O. Dove 3d.
This inaction is a major reason for Mr. Coppie's concern, although the Control Board staff has said it is also troubled by uncertainty over the Transit Authority's finances and the size of an eventual contract settlement with the municipal- employee unions.
The general's superior, national security adviser William Clark, is no stranger to Haigravations, having served as a civilian in the State Department for nearly a year.
The Nets overcame a rash of turnovers and fouls tonight and defeated the San Diego Clippers, 110-100, before 10,220 spectators at Byrne Meadowlands Arena.
Federal District Judge Eugene P. Spellman ordered the Government to parole 1,900 Haitians, most of whom have been locked up more than a year, pending hearings on whether they are political or economic refugees.
Considered a Dropout Lately, he has been rereading the book, ''Out of Their League,'' which was published in 1970.
Aside from the nuclear question, there is a growing feeling that Mr. Reagan is getting into deeper trouble home and abroad; that he is trying to be faithful to his campaign promises and his old right-wing buddies one day, rejecting their policies the next day, compromising with everybody, and convincing nobody.
Within 90 minutes after the United States Supreme Court ruled, 6 to 3, to reinstate his murder conviction, five agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation handcuffed the physican and took him to the Terminal Island Correctional Institute in Los Angeles.
* Criterion Consolidated Corp. said it had acquired the rights to Cool-Ray Fashion and Polarized Sunglasses from Warner-Lambert Corp. for a price it did not disclose.
These political analysts, including those who are planning campaign strategy, said that before this week the candidates had nailed down nearly every vote possible.
So Peter Davis, the producer of such prize-winning films as ''Hearts and Minds'' and ''The Selling of the Pentagon,'' went to Hamilton, Ohio, where William Dean Howells grew up, Joe Nuxhall learned to throw a baseball and John Dillinger used to hide from the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
''We have a stagnant economy and a declining population,'' Mr. Strawbridge said, ''so that we are all fighting for a customer dollar that isn't growing.''
Full subscription would have given Dome Petroleum about 32.5 percent of the preferred outstanding.
THE kind of intense, rhythmic and raunchy lounge act that Louis Prima created in Las Vegas is being carried on with some degree of legitimacy by Lily Ann Carol and Joe Barone, who are at Jimmy Weston's, 131 West 54th Street, through Oct. 2.
''We don't let the noise affect us like other cl ubs,'' Helms said.
The Winslow renovation is scheduled for completion next year.
DECIDES to remain seized of the question and asks the Secretary General to keep the Council informed on developments as soon as possible and not later than 24 hours.
Company Set Up in 1960 Walco was formed in 1960 by Mr. Richmond, who as of Nov. 26, 1981, held about 43 percent of its stock.
The board's investigation centered on races in which trifecta (or triple) and exacta wagering was held.
On the occasion of Astor's first birthday, they Bronxed.
''I was just rereading Malcolm,'' the prisoner added with a smile.
West Bend has made a small, battery-operated timer that has a range from one second to 10 hours for each of its three channels.
''Tom and I had our differences.''
Although Mr. Mankiewicz, who is 57 years old, has written a syndicated column, run (unsuccessfully) for Congress, been the Peace Corps's regional director for Latin America, written four books, argued cases for the United Steelworkers of America and practiced law, he likely will be remembered mostly as the man who, as Robert Kennedy's press secretary, issued the periodic medical bulletins on the condition of the fatally wounded Presidential candidate.
Also, many smaller downtown hotels are being rebuilt to provide luxury lodgings and the finest European-type service, often at substantially reduced weekend rates.
The obvious standard is human intelligence.
Princess Rooney injured herself while winning the Gardenia Stakes at The Meadowlands Saturday night and is out for the season.
Buyers tend to have combined incomes of about $35,000 a year.
The first thing we must do on entering a film theater nowadays is acquaint ourselves with the film, which is often structurally and texturally a total stranger.
Israeli officials say they are not concerned about the enhanced international political stature that the Palestine Liberation Organization may gain from the long siege of west Beirut.
The Senate voted 79 to 1 tonight to endorse a pro-British measure approved earlier in the day by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
Troy King, a tailback, rushed 32 times for 132 yards for Wisconsin, which finished 6-5 over all and 5-4 in the Big Ten.
They said there was a fundamental belief that the United States must improve the armed forces.
Yield: Six to 10 servings.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The school has 3,400 students.
The significant issue inherent in all proposals to tax benefits is whether to include more generous exemptions for people with low income than those already provided by income tax laws.
But, Mr. Dube noted that I.B.M.
According to the report, one of the pages interviewed on CBS, Jeffrey Opp, said the reporter ''discussed with him lurid tales of sexual misconduct and homosexual prostitution in the Congress'' and ''asked whether Opp could confirm those stories or provide additional information.''
His overall record is 118-73-5.
''Take time periodically during the trip to assess how things are going,'' he said, ''and to vent any gripes, say, over a cup of coffee.
On the other side of the fence from those who expect rates to fall this year are analysts such as Henry Kaufman, the chief economist at Salomon Brothers, who said in the latest issue of Comments on Credit that a budget compromise was unlikely, showing ''a failure in the governmental process'' that ''bodes poorly for the financial markets.''
Hal Wasserman's tattered paisley shirt, worn for luck during every crisis since the fifth grade, was so snug it threatened to stop the circulation in his arms.
This is, of course, an extraordinary piece - ''Valse de Chopin,'' for example, representing decadence carried to its full sensual horror, and ''O alter Duft aus Marchenzeit'' at the end evoking feelings of nostalgia that no other music quite equals.
''It is the Bettys who are mysterious.''
Her father, a Foreign Service officer, is director of mandatory review of the State Department's Freedom of Information Act office.
Copelan, the 2-year-old colt who is undefeated in six races and the early favorite for the 1983 Kentucky Derby, has drawn post 10 in a field of 12 for the $300,000 Young America Stakes tomorrow night at Meadowlands Race Track.
And in a cluster of eight stations along Route 4 here, not far from the George Washington Bridge, owners are busy erecting new and bigger signs - some of them with flashing lights -dusting off the plastic pennants and standing ready to climb their ladders at a moment's notice to lower the posted prices and keep up with the competition.
Burris threw a slider high and inside, taking some speed off the pitch, so Gardenhire's bat was already whipping around in front of the ball.
During the most recent 10-year period ended in 1981, common stocks advanced at an annual rate of 6.4 percent.
The number of aliens caught at the border rose sharply after the Mexican Government allowed the peso to float in value against the dollar Aug. 5.
But inadvertently, Mr. Reagan may have added to public concern.
Never before in cup history has a skipper had three yachts to choose from.
While observing that incidents of vandalism and harassment were not ''the only measure of anti-Semitism in our society,'' the report stressed again as it had the year before that ''they are an indication of a disturbing quotient of anti-Jewish hostility just beneath the surface of American life.''
Each of the societies here has its own flagor ornate coa t of arms which is displayed over the entrance.
Amendment to supplemental appropriation bill to provide for mortgage interest reduction payments on homes, rejected, 48 to 44, June 29.
Mr. Kraft, who graduated from Waynesburg (Pa.) College and served with the Army, is in public relations with the Oxford University Press in New York.
But the plethora of shadowy 78 acetates, offthe-air tape recordings and out-of-the-way, low-budget reissue labels - combined with a tendency by some companies to muddy the provenance of their reissues for legal reasons - does not always ensure absolute accuracy and honesty.
Sprinkle the chickens inside and out with salt and pepper.
For the quarter, earnings fell to $1.24 billion, or $1.43 a share, from $1.6 billion, or $1.85 a share, in the first quarter a year earlier.
And so it goes, quite pleasantly.
The Reagan Administration has given France, West Germany, Britain and Italy a draft proposal that could serve as the basis for lifting United States sanctions involving the Siberian pipeline, Administration trade officials reported today.
But the House approved a higher spending level on the assumption that, since no committee has acted on them, the changes would not be made, at least for the school year beginning in September.
Traders said they expected Bendix to increase its $43 offer to about $50 soon, but viewed Marietta's plans as more difficult to assess.
''It was sloppy but not unsafe sloppy,'' Captain Nash said.
According to Roger W. Breslin, the former county prosecutor, who investigated the death at the time, and the office of the Bergen County Medical Examiner, Mr. Baez died of a crushed skull, an injury he allegedly suffered in a collision with an Alpine police car while he was on foot.
But employment in such other industries as construction and real estate has suffered badly as a result of the recession, Mr. Rowe said.
In the view of the authorities, that makes him a supporter of terrorist violence.
Last spring Irreplaceable Artifacts, with a storefront outlet at 259 Bowery, dismantled the ornamentation at the Helen Hayes Theater on West 45th Street - where what was left became known as rubble without applause.
Boston College, Clemson Tie CLEMSON, S.C., Sept. 18 (AP) - Donald Igwebuike missed a 42-yard field-goal attempt with 13 seconds left, and Clemson had to settle for a 17-17 tie today with Boston College.
Civilian Craft Conscripted Argentine concern has been such that civilian light planes and helicopters have been conscripted to fly night and day over the southern half of the country to intercept any enemy air intruders and search for commando squads.
Only a few months ago, it was thought that unemployment in the entire Western world might reach 28.5 million by the end of the year.
Would such a declaration mean, as Secretary of State Haig has insisted, that the United States would have to ''re-introduce the draft, triple the size of its armed forces and put its economy on a wartime footing'' in order to match the nonnuclear military power of the Pact?
Le Reveil did not report the arrest of people in this case.
Margin of Victory 1 PITT 23-4-0 18.1 2 GEORGIA 20-10-1 10.2 3 NORTH CAROLINA 20-10-0 1.0 4 NEBRASKA 17-12-2 3.9 5 ARIZONA STATE 16-18-2 -0.7 6 ARKANSAS 16-9-0 2.5 7 WEST VIRGINIA 19-9-1 7.4 8 WASHINGTON 9-19-2 -8.6 9 SOUTHERN CAL 13-12-0 5.7 10 L.S.U.
Failing that, they could turn to the Congressional arts and humanities leaders at the luncheon, such as Senator Claiborne Pell, Democrat of Rhode Island; Senator Robert T. Stafford, Republican of Vermont, and Representative Paul Simon, Democrat of Illinois.
If the program goes forward, it would be the first national hourlong newscast.
It is also a proud community.
Dave Edler singled, chasing Brad Havens (8-9).
A mood of uncertainty hangs over the country.
CHINESE food in Paris ranges for the most part from mildly pleasant to poor.
The selection of what might be seasonal items is limited to about three or four, among them delicately succulent softshell crabs, which are so tiny that four of them make a portion.
Another of the Philharmonic's leading men, the principal violist Sol Greitzer, took the solo part in Walton's Concerto for Viola and Orchestra.
He also accused her of changing her position on a nuclear weapons freeze, which he favors.
The AAP and the ABA hope that their category lists, restricted to books that have been on the market longer than three months, will draw attention to the slower- and longer-selling titles, which are known in the trade as ''backlist.''
After four violations, a vendor's license may be revoked.
''The man pays the bill, so he has the right to do it his way,'' Foote said.
Mr. Salam said the guerrilla leaders had informed the Lebanese Government that under no conditions would they evacuate Beirut aboard or under the protection of ships of the American Sixth Fleet, now 40 miles off the Lebanese coast.
Attempts Made to Find Owner Capt.
The move followed a protest in December by the N.H.L.
It also saves the lives of addicts, who now must cope with drugs that are unsterile and unmeasured and that have varying potency, a prime cause of overdoses.
Add to puree with sugar.
This new biography by the late Richard Winston, which takes Mann from his birth in 1875 to 1911, the year he conceived and wrote that disturbing, masterly self-revelation ''Death in Venice,'' forcibly recalls another Thomas Mann, the alert observer and relentless reporter.
However, economists in and out of the Government cannot predict when the recovery will begin, and attempts to do so have become ''a mug's game,'' said Robert Dederick, the Under Secretary of Commerce for Economic Affairs.
The cover charge is $7, and there is a twodrink minimum.
Two months after she began her diet, the symptoms were gone.
But when he squeezes his lanky body into the cab of the Land-Rover pickup, and begins chatting with the driver in Swahili, it's clear he's come a way since then.
Two Republican Senators, Richard G. Lugar of Indiana and Jesse Helms of North Carolina, were hotly debating Government peanut acreage allotments.
As such, they are an invaluable index to late 18th-century taste in Frankfurt.
There will be a role for him, small forward, and there will be plays with him at the end of them.
Tickets for tonight's concert, at $15, $20, $25 and $35, are at the box office at 123 West 43d Street.
''The record was 59 percent, and today 57 percent of the people of working age have jobs in spite of the high unemployment.
The fast roll-call is used to save time since many bills are relatively uncontroversial and draw few negative votes.
What makes this an occasionally engrossing evening is the performance by Jeff Daniels, who lends variety as well as conviction to his horrific role.
The truth is that, over a seven-year period, which includes 1981, a year in which that budget was not ours, we inherited that, through 1981, the Government has spent $66 billion on the kind of job programs that some of them are talking about now, on the Hill.
IN recent years, the public has become quite familiar with bank certificates of deposit, which are now available for periods ranging from seven days to more than seven years.
Sometimes, Mr. Bishop's strategy is to simply give a playwright the opportunity to write, and then stand back, as was the case with William Finn' s ''March of the Falsettos.''
Statistics compiled by the university indicate that Colgate lags far behind schools of comparable size and quality, such as Wesleyan, Amherst, Swarthmore and Hamilton, in the size of the endowment per student.
A crowd of 20,677 turned out; the small attendance was laid to a morning rain, the threat of a tremendous traffic jam and ticket prices that were doubled for race day.
But the location, transportation, strong labor pool and pleasant surroundings have been drawing other companies as well.
It was defeated, 59 to 39.
Before the game, LaPointe spoke about what he envisions after his team finally wins.
Avoiding Jerusalem Issue The United States has proposed that the talks be held in Washington to avoid the Jerusalem issue, and there are expectations that the issue will be finessed, with Washington or a neutral site being chosen, reporters were told.
Matthews, Muhleman, McLean, of Charlotte, N.C., had been handling the account, but N.A.P.A., with a growing realization that the account's size would be better served with a larger agency, began holding discussions with a number of shops earlier this year.
Bills have been submitted to extend the life of the program for seniors currently in high school.
ARCHITECTURE TODAY By Charles Jencks with William Chaitkin.
NATO would then have a rational basis for pursuing arms-control proposals that would significantly reduce the likelihood of nuclear war in Europe.
In such a contained world a certain amount of social delicacy and skill is essential.
People and institutions in control of money don't necessarily derive commensurate quantities of power.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Mr. Bell, who is 42 years old, vows to continue the battle, but even if he fails, Mr. Bell is building a growing financial empire that stretches from Brooklyn to Africa.
Thieme-Becker has never been translated, but to anyone who can read art-historical German - a language within a language, and not to be mastered in a day - its 37 volumes are still the most substantial single source for painters and sculptors from ancient times right through to the beginnings of our own century.
In the 1950's he served three terms in the Legislature, then went on to serve as Democratic chairman while Mr. Moore was in office in the late 1960's.
President Reagan would say that the Russians would be most likely to realize the advantages of true detente if the United States had greater military strength.
They said the breeder reactor would be vital when supplies of the uranium used in the current generation of power reactors were depleted.
''So let me be very clear,'' he said.
It was Mr. Curtis who set up meetings with Mr. Havlicek to seek new sponsorship for New Rochelle projects.
This would be 14 percent higher than last year's total.
After that Allan and I agreed to become partners.''
Almost a third of the company's work force - some 3,300 employees - was laid off.
The surveys and investigations staff of the House Appropriations Committee recently cited the case of the A-10 boarding ladders as an example of how lack of competition among military contractors tends to drive up costs.
Later on, they encounter St. Genis at a nightclub with another of his mistresses, who is jealous.
Dressed in a long homespun dress as her chosen persona, ''Everywoman,'' she speaks like a female Finley Peter Dunne.
That, according to some analysts, may change dramatically this year, partly as the result of Mr. Reed's efforts to eliminate or elude such legal obstacles to profitability as ceilings on the amount of interest that may be charged on consumer loans.
Under his supervision, the building's lobby has been restored to its original Victorian splendor.
''I'm sure it's a North Shore Syndrome, a Westchester Syndrome,'' he explained, good-naturedly.
Many of his colleagues were skeptical.
I say it's the tradition, the prestige that comes with competing in a race that has been run over the same course since 1897.
On the Upper West Side, the Jewish Peoplehood Festival will take over West End Avenue from 100th to 104th Streets on Sunday from 11 A.M. to 6 P.M.
Resorts International Hotel Casino, normally a leader in gambling revenues here, dropped to third in September.
With nuclear subversion of that authority, the always-present ambivalence on both sides can be expected to intensify, perhaps subverting feelings of love.
Crowd Outside Cathedral Charged When the crowd ignored orders to disperse, the police charged, beating youths with truncheons as they sought to enter the cathedral.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
''It is difficult to conceive a more blatantly unfair and discriminatory law-enforcement procedure,'' said Dorothy M. Ehrlich, executive director of the A.C.L.U.
And specialty retailing is more predictable and manageable than manufacturing, even if it is specialized, since the lead time between orders and sales is considerably narrower and response more immediate.
The wine glasses were numbered to correspond with the numbers on the bottles, and there were opportunities to retaste each wine during each session.
''We're looking forward to doing the EVA,'' the flight drector said.
''We will cease hostilities when the Argentines withdraw,'' said a close aide to Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher.
It will be held in the center's Beinecke Auditorium, I.U.
's efforts: Maxwell O. Paley, president of the technology consulting firm Palyn Associates and a former I.B.M.
The Johnson Administration, recognizing that action was needed in the early grades to preserve gains realized in Head Start, created Project Follow Through in 1967.
Billed as an old swimmin' hole, River Country contains three twisting water slides, waterfalls and diving platforms.
Swan struck out Leon Durham and nearly escaped when Jerry Morales hit a slow chop to shortstop for a forceout.
Mrs. Levine is on the staff of the American Enterprise Institute for Public Policy Research, a private research organization in Washington, whichrecently sponsored a conference on aliteracy, exploring its effects on the democratic process.
The $3.4 billion increase in the nation's basic money supply,announced by the Federal Reserve late Friday, did not provide much of a clue about the future of interest rates.
The main figures have been Mr. Stockman, Richard G. Darman, group coordinator, Craig Fuller, assistant for Cabinet affairs, and Ri chard S. Williamson, assistant for intergovernmental relations, wh o is described as the chief theoretician and energizing force.
If it is dropped, Rozelle said, the league will move a schedule of games from one of the weeks lost to the strike into that vacated Sunday.
The plot of ''Rohwer'' reminds one of a dust-bowl family case history, as the internees battle the heartless camp authorities, unionize and consolidate their effort in an ''underground.''
buildings on Madison Avenue and the Trump Tower, an office and apartment building on Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets.
''I probably pitched Hodges the toughest of all, and he got the hits.
1 option is to move the team to the Meadowlands.''
The issue is money, including a pension plan.
Ken Landreaux, the Dodgers' center fielder was shaken up when he caught a deep fly in the seventh inning and crashed into the wall.
The Atlantic monkfish steaks with cream and tomato sauce and the smoked salmon terrines in endive sauce were rubbery.
Zimmermann eventually simplified his plans - his widow last night said he had never completed the original score - and the premiere took place in Cologne in 1965.
The $175,000 fixed fee that Pan American will receive annually under the contract is $50,000 more than the one proposed by Lockheed, a fact that helped to divide the County's Board of Acquisition and Contract.
''The President's decision is counterproductive,'' added Representative Clement J. Zablocki, Democrat of Wisconsin and chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee.
At 44th Street and Seventh Avenue, students from the Vieux Montreal College in Canada shouted directions to one another in French as they connected cables to movie cameras that were covered by makeshift tents of newspapers.
As the Israelis prepare for a decisive election, probably next year, they will not be impressed by subtle signals that only diplomats can comprehend.
Two pieces by Chopin were equally warm but often blurred in articulation.
Tino Schipinzi Young Donato's Wife .
Allied's fourth quarter net plunged 28 percent, while Schering-Plough's dropped 12.4 percent.
Donald Regan, a California attorney, who once served as general counsel for the W.F.L., said recently that if the U.S.F.L.
Jessica has a basic joy in relating to another actor and playing a scene.''
You may have to wake up the concierge to get in, but the Musee Gustave Moreau, 14 Rue de la Rochefoucauld, is a unique place with the remarkable work of the early symbolist.
''We were either in my office or on an airplane, and one of my staff mentioned that they were in the midst of an examination in Oklahoma City and were finding some serious problems,'' Mr. Conover said.
Nina Phelps Strnad and Tracy Nicholas Putnam, 1978 graduates of Harvard, plan to be married Oct. 9.
Mr. Gemayel holds that respect for Mr. Salam despite the fact that, in 1958, they were on opposite sides of the Lebanese political demarcation line.
Mountains of g ranite have been moved to Manhattan.
''You want me to turn it off?''
Proponents of civil defense argue that the Soviet Union has an elaborate evacuation and shelter program that could potentially save much of its population in the event of a nuclear strike.
But the Islanders could not catch up, and after the game the Penguins gathered around their hero, Dion, to offer him congratulations.
One way of providing that is by a new program, ''Respite for Reading,'' in which at 8:45 each Wednesday morning everyone in the school system, from executive superintendent to maintenance worker, must read a book for 15 minutes.
Mr. Burrows said he had once introduced a bill that called for a 1 percent tax on adjusted gross income.
Timely Writer's next race will be at Belmont Park, in either the Woodward Stakes against older horses on Sept. 4 or the Jerome Handicap for 3-year-olds on Labor Day, Sept. 6.
Mr. Torff is off on the right track.
Mr. Gray, who will continue as a group senior vice president of Warner Amex, said the new division would encompass 124 cable systems with more than 750,000 subscribers.
By the time Mr. Cratty is finished, it's hard to imagine any other steps being right.
Three decades in the lives of a coterie of members of the international glitter set.
DIPLOMACY United Nations Security Council, at Ireland's request, schedules consultations, or private talks, on the Falklands for Wednesday as Britain and Argentina consider Secretary General's proposal for mutual withdrawal from islands and temporary administration by United Nations officials.
Gura, a former, Yankee, scattered seven hits as the Royals registered their second straight shutout, 7-0.
You find a subway quartet hard to imagine?
But, the aides say, the lawmakers are unwilling to make painful program cuts or pass tax increases in an election year.
* Turner Construction Co. has named William D. Douglass a vice president.
The director was Gene S aks and the producer wasMorton Gottlieb.
As for the rest of 1982, the budget office, more pessimistic than the Admistration, forecast continued high unemployment, and a deficit of $109 billion.
Besides official recognition of the growing importance of programming for cable, the Peabody board also drew attention to the decline of children's shows.
''We are simply going to rest; we really need it,'' said Sister Maureen Fiedler, a Roman Catholic nun from Mount Rainier, Md.
Additionally, Bache will be a co-sponsor of ''Wall Street Week'' on educational television.
I have only to be patient.''
He was noted for the extraordinary care he devoted to reducing weight in the vehicles, and some critics considered them to be fragile.
It's because a baby is brand new.''
The following passage is from ''Neverlight,'' a new novel about Vietnam by Donald Pfarrer.
They enjoy getting the best of a journalist.
''There will be a continued weakness,'' agreed Arthur Davis, an analyst at Prescott, Ball & Turben in Cleveland.
AS far as student financial aid goes, colleges have read the h andwriting on the wall.
The school is run by Phoenix House, the Manhattan-based drugtreatment foundation, in what once was a Jesuit seminary.
Groundbreaking is set for early spring.
He noted that the ''we'' included some 35 wildlife conservation groups in one of their best organized lobbying efforts.
But if this intelligence was good, why didn't Pretoria capture the purported assassins when they entered territory under South African control?
For one thing, gold-backed dollars do not always prevent inflation.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
But a recommendation for use of general revenue, even by part of the panel, the National Commission on Social Security Reform, could carry weight with the House of Representatives, where Democrats are in the majority.
Also, there will be a ''best of show'' photograph and a representative display of the association's ''Photographer of the Year.''
Mr. Darcy was executive vice president for sales and marketing at the Rego Company.
There were two ways to proceed, and South chose the better one: She captured the heart queen with the ace and ran all the diamonds.
''They've not told many people about it,'' he said, ''and more important, they haven't made it clear what hotel or for how long they're talking about.''
Mr. O'Rourke maintains a law practice in White Plains, which he will have to give up as County Executive.
Of 20 buyers so far at Ledgewood Commons, 15 have been first-timers.
According to Miss Mattis, a congregational profile drawn through the ecumenical program could cost up to $50, depending on its complexity.
While a sort of Gresham's law has been operating in fashion, with long skirts driving out short ones, this doesn't apply to the Beene clothes.
The categories of the present show are Metal, Fiber, Wood, Leather, and Clay and Glass, and the entries range from such traditional objects as Gregory Litsios's forged-iron tables to the outlandish constructions of Michael Lucero: shards of painted, stained pottery wired together and hung in abstract humanoid forms that take clay a long way from pots.
Early next month, demolition is expected to begin on the 1954 garage building on the site of the old Fulton Markets of 1822 and 1882, which until recently, as the New Fulton Market, housed many small craft and food shops.
Wall Street analysts, however, generally took a different view of the market action.
THE noh theater of Japan is probably one of the hardest of Asian performing arts for the uninitiated to grasp.
Richard Perry, the Southern California athletic director, said: ''In that regard we just made it, yes.
In an affluent society people demand certain services and certain behavior that is not conducive to increasing productivity.
Without breaking his stride, he caught the ball at the goal line and scored.
Instead, General Warner urged that the Joint Chiefs be instructed to ''focus on strategy and planning and get them out of the operational business of the unified commander.''
Cut tentacles into bite-size pieces.
The President acknowledged that his tax returns were now under public scrutiny and said that he might make more of his gifts public this year, presumably meaning that he would make more charitable gifts that would be recorded on his tax return.
The Women's Equity Action League (WEAL) commends The Times for recognizing that great numbers of Social Security recipients are not living a luxurious life; they are not ''well-heeled.''
George R. Packard, dean of the School of Advanced International Studies, noted that many leading business executives have gone to work for the Government in high positions involving international problems.
Plenty succeed, especially the schools.
''Do we have to lock up the old lady who shoplifts?''
Do you know of an organization or a tour operator offering such a trip?
Three years from now, the Fed says, the deficit could be as high as $187 billion!
So Mr. von Bulow could be here most of the winter.
A FTER a steady period of approval from right and left in Congress, the remarkably uncontroversial Vietnam Veterans Memorial has encountered criticism only a month before the scheduled ground breaking in a glade near the Lincoln Memorial.
On the car radio is the droning, hypnotic voice of Ummkultham, the dead Egyptian singer still revered throughout the Arab world.
If the metal has not been painted before, then it is most likely covered with a greenish oxidation film if it is copper or bronze, and a blackish or dark gray film if it is brass.
Maureen Anne Reynolds, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John J. Reynolds of Garden City, L.I., was married there yesterday to Lawrence Michael Cornacchia Jr., son of Mr. and Mrs. Cornacchia, also of Garden City.
Mr. Jackson's father is retired managing director of the Gillanders-Arbuthnot Company, an East India merchants concern in Calcutta, dealing in tea, jute and other products.
's, Mr. King just wants to show how they coped with their plight - by turning to drugs, to booze and, most important, to one another.
If you watch a fighter enough, you can tell if he belongs in the ring with another.
FOR quite a few speculators, orange juice growers and orange juice processors, the weather in Florida for the next month or so is even more significant than it is for hopeful vacationers.
In France, the number of insolvencies was kept from exceeding last year's high level only by Government measures to defer the social security payments of financially troubled companies.
At yesterday's close, the bond yielded 11.26 percent.
SOCCER ARROWS (MISL) - Traded Enzo Di- Pede, goalkeeper, and Billy Gazonas, mid- fielder, to Kansas City.
Defense Department officials also said that the United States sells $9 worth of weapons to European allies for every $1 worth it buys.
The effort is part of the federation's $50 million fund-raising drive for neighborhood development, education and social service programs in both the metropolitan area and in Hatikvah, a poor suburb of Tel Aviv.
Two men were found shot to death yesterday in their Harlem apartment, apparently the victims of a robbery, the police said.
The two paleontologists concluded that they were looking at a new species of the tyrannosaurid family.
Westport also had the highest expenditures in the state, at $1,413 for each person annually.
To illustrate how amicably things are going between the two conductors, the elder Mr. Buckley said yesterday that he had given his son a few of his old batons, which he whittles from a special ash wood.
But she added that commercial houses, or firms that merchandise or process the grain, were buying large amounts of grain.
Among the other questions that beg for answers before Oraflex's return are these: Is the damage due to a direct toxic effect of the drug?
''I have very mixed feelings toward this guy,'' the victim said last week.
Dr. Lefkowitz, 31, is scheduled for release on Dec. 31.
The report today reviewed the status of civil liberties in 20 categories, including criminal justice, national security, political dissent, abortion, and women's rights.
Nearly 88 percent of the children in the program qualified for free lunches this year, compared with nearly 92 percent last year.
''A couple of people really went out of their minds here,'' he said.
The presence and reactions of an audience are what make all the difference between a staged reading and a runthrough, Miss Gregg said.
If they don't fit into the contemporary pop mainstream, then they'll muscle their way in.
Easier to Remove a Child The proposed changes would make it easier for schools to remove a disruptive handicapped child from a regular classroom, allow the schools to subject these children under some circumstances to normal disciplinary procedures, let schools put ''reasonable'' limits on extra services and cut back some parental notification rules.
Those participating members included three holdover members appointed by the Carter Administration, while one other holdover was overseas and did not take part, Mr. Olson reported.
At least 27 people died and 34 were injured when the truck in which they were riding ran off a road here, the police reported.
This ethetic, however, takes a formalist direction that risks losing communication with the audience, and it is direct communication that most seems to concern these choreographers in Europe.
A major obstacle that still confronts the micro Winchester drive is its price.
The famous Bateaux Mouches are adding tea concerts to their cruises on the Seine, on Saturdays at 3:30 P.M. A barge trip on the Canal Saint Martin, slicing through Paris to the Seine, takes a languid half-day.
The banks began pushing a slew of new products as exotic as zero-coupon bonds, extendable notes, adjustable-rate preferred stock and bonds with warrants.
Harvard began requiring a course in human resources management in the spring of 1981, covering union relations as well as sex discrimination, compensation and productivity.
How to use notes differently.
Nor do they know the Indians in apartment C, who continue to speak Gujarati at home and who in the past six years have visited India twice.
Leading Canisius was Ray Hall with 22 points.
Mr. Graham met privately for 3 hours 15 minutes, more than twice as long as expected, with Georgi A. Arbatov, head of the Soviet Institute of the United States and Canada.
''We're in the business of running trains, not feeding dogs - especially the dangerous kind,'' protested Robert Huber, a spokesman for the Transit Authority, which was about to inherit the animals, like it or not.
Tapscott, as he did on Friday in the victory over Marist, used most of his players, to apply a fresh and tenacious defense.
Dodge had been living alone in his residence since his wife and four children were evacuated last month after the Israeli invasion of Lebanon.
When the new system was enacted, supporters predicted it would broaden the pool of applicants.
Events Calendar Tomorrow through June 30 -Ceramics by Nancee Meeker and Sally Silberberg and glass by Alex J.
Parker MacDonald will be removed as coach of the Los Angeles Kings and be succeeded by Don Perry, who has been coach of the team's minor league affiliate at New Haven, according to Jerry Buss, the hockey club's owner.
In the past, the Federal insurance was attacked as a bargain for the wealthy who were able to cover jewels and furs much cheaper than with private coverage.
Tim Lollar of the San Diego Padres, a former Yankee, held the Mets to five hits in a 6-0 complete-game victory today and added to his impressive batting statistics with a home run and two runs batted in.
But some experts in veterinary medicine suggest that pet health insurance could substantially increase the cost of veterinary care.
After a 49- 49 tie with 12:59 remaining, Wake Forest took a 57-51 lead with 9:4 8 left.
The success of ''Brazilliance'' renewed Mr. Almeida's reputation as a jazz guitarist although he was still not really playing jazz.
The move by First National, the nation's 17th-largest bank in assets, leaves only Citibank, the nation's second largest, with a prime rate of 16 percent.
It went along with the premise that an Englishman's word was always good.
Returns on Assets Results for all of 1981, when Southeast earned $49.3 million, and 80 cents on each $100 of assets, more accurately reflected typical performance, Mr. Zwick said.
Four of the defendants were from the Chicago area, and three of those were found guilty on both counts.
The second was the tortuous up-and-down path through scrub and forest that culminated in Dan Rivard's hill.
Six Thunderbird planes fly for an air show - four flying in formation and two flying solo maneuvers.
Scientists do not run trains; political functionaries do.
She graduated in 1957 from McGill University in Montreal, where she subsequently earned a master's degree in English literature.
''Or we could make him stay after practice,'' said Steranka, ''and do stretching exercises.''
Finally, however, the strike was settled - at one point the cleaning workers organized an encounter session with artists, but no artists turned up - and the show opened last Wednesday.
Two smaller states, Missouri and Colorado, have recently raised the premiums paid by employers to prevent chronic insolvency.
With sheer joy, I read Barbara Pym's ''An Unsuitable Attachment'' and ''No Fond Return of Love'' and grieved that there were no more new ones to come.
The jurors were called into the courtroom twice to deliver their verdict.When the jury was polled the first time on whether the guilty verdict was unanimous, a woman on the panel put her hands over her eyes, looked down and said, ''No.''
Prime Minister Indira Gandhi's administration has spoken of the need to raise foreign money to pay for international trade transactions, and the encouragement to Indian businesses in overseas ventures is viewed as part of that development.
Like most financial institutions, their services have expanded broadly, moving beyond consumer lending to include real estate loans and individual retirement accounts.
The hearings, which were originally scheduled to be held last summer but have twice been delayed, were quickly rescheduled after the recent incident at Electric Boat.
As for factories, Mr. Norman predicted that ''new plants built during the 80's and 90's will have many more computers and far fewer people than factories in operation today.''
Fiat, the Italian car maker, said it would pull out of its jointventure credit company in the United States, the Illinois-based Fiat Credit Corporation, which finances sales of Fiat vehicles.
Ferraro, 38, has never managed in the majors but was a highly successful minor league manager, winning pennants on three levels in five years.
She never hustled for a sale.
Though only the opening sketch involves a high-school couple, everyone seems permanently frozen at the emotional age of 16.
On the basis of Heublein's 21.6 million shares outstanding, it would cost at least $800 million to buy all of Heublein at today's market price.
Without comment, the Court granted Michael A. Chatoff's proposal to install a video display screen in the courtroom from which he will be able to read the questions the Justices ask during the argument.
Union officials contend that Chrysler, National news is on pages A14-19, A24 and D23.
Nevertheless, she extended her record to 63-1 this year.
Expecting the Unexpected By Carrie Donovan Most designers have a sort of ''signature'' sense of design that carries through everything they produce, season after season.
This kind of change cna be a jolt to your system; upon arrival in Cuzco everyone feels restless and possibly headachey.
In an interview late yesterday, Mr. Tucker said that Mr. McKinney ''was undoubtedly feeling like Winston Churchill - he didn't want to preside over the decline of an empire.''
Gasoline lead emissions contribute to high blood-lead levels that are dangerous to health, especially the health of small children.
Previews follow, with won-lost records in parentheses.
Most of the 15,230 fans at the Coliseum seemed dumbstruck.
He likens Williams to another young guard he once coached at Denver, David Thompson.
The directors made him president in 1977 and chief executive officer in 1982.
''But when they didn't make too many mistakes, they were still competitive with Victory,'' he added.
In ''Chinese Cafe,'' which opens the album, Miss Mitchell flatly talks about her generation: ''We're middle-class, we're middle-aged, we were wild in the old days.''
If you don't mind, we'll try to sneak by you.''
Mr. Lynn is already negotiating to buy another property.
''They're not really interested in having us participate anyway,'' Chip Cooper, the director of the division of professional registration of athletics in Missouri, said in discussing his state's withdrawal.
He also wrote the Soviet Jewish Refugee Assistance Act of 1972.
And today I think it's as important to know that it's not so much that you're right for a choreographer as that they're right for you.
Amelar and Dubin see many heat-related cases in their practice.
A French newspaper reported that he had been closely involved with one of Nice's major gambling rings.
The choices that Congress face could also break up the coalition the President used last year to win approval of his spending and tax cuts.
Bishop Moore said he had conducted a thorough investigation into legal, financial and other aspects of the plan.
If real gross national product were to rise by only about 3 percent in both 1983 and 1984, instead of 5.2 percent in 1983 and 4.9 percent in 1984 as the Administration is assuming, the deficit of the budget would rise to $130 billion to $135 billion in each of those two years.
By contrast, Syria, ruled by a Government strongly opposed to President Saddam Hussein of Iraq, allied itself with Iran.
''It's everybody's nightmare - people breaking down your door with shotguns and coming into your home in the middle of the night to rob and terrorize you.
The Montreal Expos have received permission from the Houston Astros to talk to their recently dismissed manager, Bill Virdon, about the possibility of his taking over the Expos from Manager Jim Fanning next season.
The museum display, which has just opened and will be on view for three months, features 25 highlights from the collection.
''It has highly charged dialogue,'' Mr. Handman said, ''and moves from realism to surrealism and back.
''People would write to companies that were gone and had left no forwarding address.''
James T. Casserly, corporate secretary of Merrill Lynch & Company, died Saturday at his home in Fanwood, N.J.
''Mortie was much more ambitious in the days bef ore 'Sleuth,' ' ' Bernard Jacobs says.
''They ought to call their team the Hollywood Hot Tubs,'' he says.
Aware of American and other Western concern, Iran has said that it was not following an adventurous path and was not trying to interfere in the flow of Persian Gulf oil to the West.
Trial by jury was eliminated.
"People can't even imagine how much money they have," said one former business acquaintance of the O'Connors.
13 1 GOODBYE, MICKEY MOUSE, by Len Deighton.
It's commonplace for sports fans to condemn local teams for lackluster performance.
I think a professional umpire should, too.
For the metropolitan area the figures are somewhat different.
Leaders' Actions Assailed Some members said that Mr. Goldwater and Mr. Moynihan had failed to set a clear agenda for the panel or supervise its work closely and had conducted too much committee business without consulting the other senators.
American and Japanese officials assess the long-term danger of a trade war.
It will be printed on heavy, magazine-quality paper and will carry advertising.
the posters demand to know but, unlike the successful campaign of selfpromotion waged by Judy Holliday in ''It Should Happen to You,'' Wren's pursuit of fame excites no interest whatsoever, not even, apparently, from the transit cops.
Princess Anne County is gone, merged into the sprawling suburb that calls itself Virginia Beach.
The parish says it plans to take the city's Landmarks Preservation Commission to court to challenge the constitutionality of the landmarks law as it applies to churches.
Where do you start to find one?
He is recommending National Semiconductor, but not Texas Instruments.
''I went crazy,'' she said.
To support this measure, I will recommend a financing package that will replace the self-defeating unitary tax on oil with a tax on aviation fuels and will restructure the long-lines tax.
The most widely sold caulks are of latex with either a vinyl or an acrylic base.
In a telephone interview, Dr. Goldstein said that the fisherman's condition, as briefly described, did not sound like chloracne, an acne-like condition that often occurs after contact with polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB's).
THERE were times when a performance of ''Swan Lake'' invariably grabbed the viewer by the throat, and just as invariably that performance used to be by Margot Fonteyn and Rudolf Nureyev with Britain's Royal Ballet.
One private deal on which DeLorean company lawyers spent a lot of time, according to Mr. Strycker, was the 1979 acquisition by Mr. DeLorean of a Utah snow vehicle company, Logan Manufacturing, through the use of a Michigan corporation, the DeLorean Manufacturing Company.
There have been and will probably be mutterings in the learned journals about the text and explanations, but I believe this will come to be the standard edition in the future.''
For the third consecutive year, Beverly Sills is the host and James Levine, conducting the American Symphony Orchestra, is the music director.
And he has gathered in the past two years a team of executives from other oil companies to help manage the venture.
Those who are sent from local churches can vote, but often the character of the meetings is determined by where it is held, which this year was New Orleans.
The wine tastings of the South Bronx will move from monosyllabic bottle-in-bag soirees in abandoned door fronts to decorator living rooms cluttered with bright conversation.
There are many different categories of music here - songs, arias, duets, and offbeat esoterica.
The city will have 61 seats in the 150-member Assembly, a loss of four.
For Suzanne Nader, being general manager of the Oneonta team, owned by her father, Sam, is also a treat, but also temporary.
For one thing, he and his family still control 40 percent of the stock of the giant company, which had worldwide sales of $38 billion in 1981 despite the slump in auto sales.
People remain docile for a few minutes, waiting for the return of the sound.
Goethe wrote, ''the Germans make everything difficult.''
He was the liaison between the Navy and Congress, and he assisted us in obtaining possible business for the Brooklyn Navy Yard.''
Officials of Laker Airways said Sunday that flight personnel not dismissed had been urged by the Laker Flight Crew Association, their bargaining unit, to give up their next two pay increases of 5 percent each.
More than 1,000 motorcyclists are expected to compete next Sunday in a Spring Dice Run benefiting the American Cancer Society.
Analysts agree that the weapons race and the threat of nuclear disaster are not unrelenting.
They are mainly musicals that have been big Broadway hits and that he expects to appeal to middle America.
His father is president and chief executive officer of CBS Inc. and a trustee of Amherst College.
Another New Yorker, Representative Mario Biaggi, Democrat of the Bronx and Queens, has expressed interest in serving on the commission.
Social chitchat and discussions of Wall Street deals dominated the conversation.
Latter-Day Voodoo Then: In the 1980 primary campaign, George Bush, a contender for the Republican Presidential nomination, described Ronald Reagan's tax-cut proposals as ''voodoo economics.''
29th District: Despite his fight against solid waste incineration, we favor Abraham Gerges.
''I don't look, I find,'' he told another interviewer.
Rio Tinto-Zinc Corporation Ltd. said today that it now holds a more than 50 percent stake in Thomas W. Ward Ltd. when both direct hol dings and takeo ver bid acceptances are combined.
Then he sidestepped a defenseman, Mark Renaud, and shot quickly from just inside the right faceoff circle.
It was then that Mr. Simon asked Mr. Garfunkel to join him for a free concert in Central Park.
''We never expected to find anything tremendously monumental - just a continuity with the past,'' she said.
The ruling upheld two Monroe County judges.
Under the merger, the Fort Worth & Denver Railway Company, formerly a wholly owned subsidiary of Colorado & Southern, became a wholly owned subsidiary of Burlington Northern.
It is an outcome of perceptions, policies and actions that created the environment in which such atrocities could occur.
Mackie, David J., East Rochester, Lewis C. Obourn Sumner, Mary E., East Syracuse, E. Syracuse-Minoa H.S.
Grogan also completed one pass to a Dolphin.
And motorists diverted around the area gave life to the notion of rubbernecking, stretching for a view as they passed by.
''These are the kinds of cars they grew up in and they don't want to give them up.
Israeli governments, even before that of Prime Minister Menachem Begin, have been even more emphatic in opposing a fully sovereign Palestinian state.
''What we'd be saying is, if the people don't elect a government that's left-leaning, we shouldn't recognize them,'' said Representative Toby Roth, Republican of Wisconsin.
They are enlarged, one and two.
Prices fulfill their economic function when they tell buyers what additional costs the buyers impose on the company by making a purchase, and what costs they save if they refrain from doing so.
Among the objections was the constitutionality of a provision in the Newspaper Preservation Act of 1970, which permits exemptions from Federal antitrust law if one paper is found in probable danger of financial collapse.
But Molitor leaped high for the ball, snared it, raced to third for one out, then fired to first for the double play and the third out of the inning.
Others who will be present are Thomas Hrynkiv, Agustin Anievas, Eliot Fisk, Moura Lympany, Mary Louise Boehm, Kees Kooper and Jean-Philippe Collard.
Flanagan's success lifted his record to 13-10, making him the fourth Oriole pitcher with at least 13 victories.
But Mr. O'Hare disagreed, saying, ''The increased rate of black suburbanization is more an indication of 'spillover,' or the extension of city neighborhoods into the suburbs, than of upward black mobility.''
The cheekbone healed, but the skills have not.
When the dump trucks, each carrying six tons of soil under black tarpaulins, were ready to enter, the police arrested two leaders of the march while the rest of the group sat on the pavement, blocking access to the 19-acre site.
You had something to work with.
Among the outstanding pieces of furniture are two items of Americana.
Number of Shows Is Off This summer two-thirds of the 19 shows on Broadway are in their second season, according to the League of New York Theaters and Producers.
Without the smallest protest, I concede the power of this alchemy.
Susan Bogard has illustrated the exercises - some of which can also be done at an office desk or while watching television - with amusing drawings.
There's a backwash of piety there, and the propagandists want it.
''Candide'' was born on Broadway on Dec. 1, 1956.
These are F.D.I.C.-insured and offer a fixed rate.''
When the morning came, I was worse off than the day before.''
Ronnie Lott, the football player, is aggressive and emotional, sometimes too much so.
Marco Castaneda won aboard Forzando ($40.40), and Toro scored aboard Earle's Lark ($8.60) and Jet's Delta ($11.20).
To qualify, institutions would have to have a net worth of less than 3 percent of their assets and have 20 percent of their loans in mortgages, a provision intended to keep savings institutions in the mortgage lending business although commercial loans are often more lucrative.
But it's always important to play well.''
Pre- sented by Joseph Papp.
They are confiscatory, and we will fight them in Congress.''
The West German central bank cut its rate to 10 percent from 10 1/2 percent, and the Dutch central bank cut its rate to 8 1/2 percent from 9 percent.
With supplemental requests, however, the Administration seeks to earmark a total of $256 million in military and security-related economic aid to El Salvador in fiscal 1982.
''We wanted to resurrect the luxurious standard of the grand old apartment houses,'' Mr. Resnick said, ''to escape the 'apartmentoff-the-corridor' effect and give residents a maximum sense of privacy.''
There is every reason to accept that the Israeli studies show thyroid doses in the ballpark of 6 to 10 rads.
This is a predictably hilarious affair, in which the visitor is greeted by a 12-foot-high figure of George Washington, sees Thomas Jefferson poised with pen in hand above the Declaration of Independence, watches William Penn dance on top of City Hall with the gilded statue of Diana from the Pennsylvania Museum, and eavesdrops on the dinner at which Charles Wilson Peale and his friends celebrated inside the rib cage of a full-sized mastodon.
The Government announced today that it would restrict automobile shipments to the United States in the coming fiscal year to the past year's level of 1.68 million units, as a Foreign Ministry spokesman had predicted in Washington last week.
Whoever first rendered this Hebrew term as ''purifying'' instead of, as required by context and common usage, as ''purging'' or ''clearing,'' has in his ignorance committed a grave error, thereby unjustly damaging the Israeli cause.
Mr. and Mrs. Francis Spragg Battin of Sharon, Conn., and Walden, Vt., have announced the engagement of their daughter, Deborah Wick Battin, to P. Phillip Huffard 3d, son of Mr. and Mrs. Huffard Jr. of New Canaan, Conn., and Vieques, P.R.
We are confident that as the bishops continue to study the problem of reducing arms, preventing war and fostering genuine peace, you will also take note of the importance to this effort of building support for international standards of rights and law, such as those proclaimed in the United Nations Charter and in the Helsinki Agreement.
What you think is what you are.
All the same, none of the foregoing can hold a candle to the master who appears in all categories save the humorous, George Stubbs.
Even Treasury Secretary Donald Regan, in suggesting yesterday that the Administration might backtrack on business tax leasing or indexing of personal income taxes starting in 1985, opposed any change in the third year of the 1981 Reagan tax package.
''I love the way it looks but I'm too Western to live on that alone.''
The freedom of these works sets off an interesting contrast with the formal arrangement of Pamela Scheinman's fan-shaped units, which are also pleated.
That's changing a great deal because, as you bring cost pressures to bear on the hospital, there's only one thing that they can do.
The agreements also provide an improved cost-of-living formula and additional increases resulting from a special pay structure adjustment.
Peter Voelkel's goal with 2 minutes 20 left broke an 11-11 tie and North Carolina, defending Division I champion in the National Collegiate Atheletic Association, went on to defeat Adelphi, 14-11, today in the fifth annual Manhasset Lacrosse Classic.
Yet he did go to work for the new Government in the diplomatic corps, including a two-year stint as a cultural attache at the Polish Embassy in Washington.
''They're loud; they still use the golf ball; one has memory, while another has proportional spacing with no memory.
Mr. Hu and Prime Minister Zhao Ziyang, who jointly presided over today's Central Committee meeting, are now expected to enjoy a freer hand in carrying out Mr. Deng's pragmatic policies, with Mr. Zhao in charge of the economic side and Mr. Hu the ideological and political.
To achieve that goal it is necessary to pile up layers of tissue-thin meat in large slices that can be folded back onto themselves.
There were scattered demonstrations and shots were fired into the air to disperse protesters in East Jerusalem, the Israeli radio reported.
Acctually, Mr. Fredericks, who left Ogilvy & Mather in 1976 as an executive vice president and board member, was thinking of starting his own shop after leaving Wells, Rich and he found a lot of top creative people out there willing to give it a try.
At one level, the decision is certainly understandable.
Hence, it would be contended, withholding tax exemption was not legal before Congress acted; so the schools in question would be entitled to recover what they had lost by illegal fiat of the I.R.S.
Though an abbreviated shear alert reached the cockpit, the thunderstorm report did not.
''The other came running past me holding his face.''
Also, a statement normally would be sent out regularly once a year, and the stockholder could ask for a new statement at any time.
It lies on a long, narrow harbor that is popular with yachtsmen; King Juan Carlos occasionally puts in there on his yacht Fortuna.
What's the tristate region's fate?
The woman had bought a box of butter cookies and had submitted the wax inner lining to the baker with the promise of receiving a $1 refund.
Mystic Park, the 3-year-old colt who broke stride in the Hambletonian last week, redeemed himself by setting a track record for 3-year-old trotters Saturday night in the $30,000 open trot at Roosevelt Raceway.
How, especially, could you stop Phil Stephenson, who had stolen 86 bases in 90 attempts?
Mr. Andropov himself was added to the 39-member Presidium of the Supreme Soviet, the body that functions as a combination of collective presidency and legislature between the occasional sessions of the full Supreme Soviet.
10 15 35 THE PARSIFAL MOSAIC, by Robert Ludlum.
''There is no violence,'' said Angelo Petrillo, a striking porter.
Kitaj, known more to this viewer for his fragmented literary allusions, is an oddly touching depiction, in gray and white, of an isolated man in a train compartment.
Two Filipinos were killed and 25 others were injured today by an explosion in the center of the capital.
But that violence is endemic to cities, and seasonal stress a catalyst for domestic mayhem, can't outweigh the fear precipitated by a homicide rate that matches last year's, by the increase in stranger-against-stranger crimes and by the decrease in the number of police.
The Viking revival style represents an undiluted expression of nationalism in the decorative arts, a movement that made Scandinavian designers, after centuries of looking to the continent of Europe for design inspiration, investigate their own national heritages.
Astros 4, Pirates 3 HOUSTON (AP) - Harry Spilman pinch-hit a home run with the bases empty and one out in the bottom of the 10th inning to give Houston the victory.
''Our whole orientation is providing protection for people,'' said Sidney A. Sass, a 60-year-old life insurance salesman who just a few weeks ago helped form Life Insurance Industry Committee for a Nuclear Weapons Freeze.
In spite of its problems, the mass transit system in the state does account for something: On a per capita basis, New York consumed the smallest amount of gasoline in the nation, 300 gallons, 33 percent below the national average.
Meanwhile, the agencies, which mark up production bills 17.65 percent before passing them along to the client, will continue telling the advertisers that the production values in a $500,000 commercial will insure the effectiveness of the $6 million being sunk into television.
Retaining only the skeleton of the original, this version takes place in Japan after World War II and centers on a nomadic woman (Miss Shiraishi) alone with a bundle of her belongings.
Mold spores that are naturally present in caves and cellars or other damp places led to the fortuitous creation not only of Roquefort but also of Gorgonzola.
In short, should the nature of the finished product be cinematic, theatrical, both or neither?
''In the broad sense of the word, it's an arts magazine,'' said David Ossman, executive producer of the program, whose budget for the current fiscal year is $800,000 to $1 million.
''Still disastrous,'' acknowledged Mr. Acker, the company's chairman and chief executive officer, who, in addition to solving the airline's financial woes, must now cope with the recent crash of a Pan Am jet in New Orleans that killed 145 passengers.
Given an opportunity to air in the glass, it is enjoyable.
Pam Hurd returned from Mrs. Williams's office crying and in great pain.
I was the batboy for the Alba Aces in the Ban Johnson League when Ken was about 16, the best player in the league, even better than Mickey Mantle, who was with the Baxter Springs Whiz Kids over in Oklahoma, about 30 miles away.
Mr. Kaplan supervises the inventory room.
Apart from Mr. Mitterrand, and the camaraderie of victory, one of the main things that holds the Socialists together, curiously enough, is a profound anti-Communism, even though, since Mr. Mitterrand has taken Communists into the Government for tactical reasons, it is not stressed.
He urged colleagues to withhold criticism to allow time to develop a unified approach for an alternative plan.
Within days her son Michael, a television producer here, had gone to the British Embassy and had located Chaim Nagelstzajn, in Newcastle.
Mr. Stokes was an investigator for the committee from 1945 to 1954.
It was just an accident, the military later explained, that the parachutes failed to open and the flares landed in the mission-hospital complex, burning to the ground a building that had housed offices as well as three families.
(In Israel, Defense Minister Ariel Sharon said Israeli forces were close to realizing their goals of eliminating the P.L.O.
Police officials have said that the actor died about 10 A.M. in a rented hotel bungalow, apparently of natural causes.
Decline in Profit Margins Over all, he said, most stores are probably not doing quite as well as they were a few years ago, primarily because their margins have declined because of increased price competition, which is a result of the increase in the number of stores.
''Earnings per share for the second quarter were approximately 25 cents higher as a result of the merger,'' C. Raeford Minix, treasurer of Du Pont, said in a telephone interview.
Joining in the court's unsigned opinion were Judges Hugh R. Jones, Sol Wachtler, Jacob D. Fuchsberg and Domenick Gabrielli.
Stir the parsley, garlic, 1 1/2 tablespoons butter, and salt into the beans.
At a news conference after his General Assembly address, Mr. Kyprianou said he would prefer that any new debate on Cyprus be delayed until March to avoid any involvement in the presidential election in February.
Major Mozer gave no estimate of dead among Palestinian civilians.
Even the capitalists, he said, realized at the beginning of the 1970's ''that there was no acceptable alternative to peaceful coexistence, that the cold war and the arms race had no prospects, and that a ''hot war'' would bring victory to no one.''
The commission, in today's order, said the issues raised by opponents of the imports, which include Middle Western Congressmen, ''merit investigation'' and told Panhandle to show why the proposed deliveries did not amount to a new contract that would need its approval.
And his voice - nearly 60 years after - echoed his dismay as keenly as if it all had happened the day before.
But at a news conference later, Mr. Putnam said the airline was not calling it quits.
With all the concern about the safety of urea-formaldehyde foam used as insulation, what effects do shampoos containing formaldehyde have on people?
In Bonn, I can vouch for the omnipresence of politics.
However, the judge said there was no evidence to that effect.
But the feeling against Israel is running so high that few will wager on the triumph of self-interest over emotion.
Bowie and Coach Joe Hall said yesterday at a news conference in Lexington, Ky., that no decision had been made yet on whether Bowie would play for the Wildcats during the coming season.
But the subject was not discussed except in passing during the talks, the senior official said.
Two 1870's paintings of dancers by Edgar Degas became the stars of last night's multi-million dollar art auction when they sold for $1.3 million and $1 million, the highest prices of the sale at Christie's.
In 1935 a re-markably handsome young man made his first film, ''The Farmer Takes a Wife.''
For black spot: I use folpet/phaltan 50 percent wettable power and for powdery mildew: Funginex or benomyl 50 percent wettable powder.
The play, written by Dusan Jovanovic, is an autobiographical work about the German occupation of the playwright's home town.
Should Bendix fight tooth and nail to pursue its Martin Marietta quest however, it would have to tap its attractive portfolio and, said Mr. Demisch, ''the ability of United Technologies to fund the acquisition could be seriously impaired.''
The major Republican soft spot, party leaders say, is Nassau County, for years a G.O.P.
''We go out for hours on the trails even when it's snowing,'' she said.
Richard Eastty of Old Mystic, president of the newly formed Performing Arts Associates Inc., has announced that his organization will lease the theater, which has been dark since November, for five years beginning Dec. 1.
''The personality of the bishop is still tremendously important,'' said the Rev.
Raymond A. Peck Jr., administrator of the Federal agency, said in a recent statement that he was ''committed to seeking automotive demonstration projects which assure continued research into reliable and cost effective auto safety technology for the American car-buying public.''
Lee, the American program manager, who directs the Department of Commerce's scientific and technical programs in Asia.
Just outside Nairobi are the lush, saw-toothed Ngong Hills, made famous by Karen Blixen in her classic memoir ''Out of Africa.''
However, David A. Goldman, an analyst with Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Company., noted that only 25 cents of the per-share decline resulted from the actual sale of Burger Chef.
The B-1 bomber will cost much more than the Reagan Administration has disclosed, according to an independent Pentagon analysis.
The American Mushroom Institute, a locally based trade organization, has lost 50 of its 200 local members in the past two years, as farmers file for bankruptcy or sell out.
customer service and marketing operations, as well as an office of the General Electric Company and a company named Frank M. Katz Inc.
Steiner confirmed that Sterling, Sam Nassi, who owns the Indiana Pacers, and others were involved in the transaction, in which 20 pieces of real estate were involved, including the Chrysler Building in New York, which is owned by Cooke.
Begin to invite Yasir Arafat to Jerusalem.
An Iranian student is to appear in court Monday on visa charges.
We needed to collude with no one to con clude that the salaries routinely demanded and commanded by some play ers had become absurd.
Easco has offered $16 a share for a million Evans-Aristocrat shares.
When he was appointed to the Court of Appeals by President Truman in 1951, Judge Rives was a Montgomery trial lawyer who had become powerful in state politics.
George Foster, who had two hits yesterday to raise his average to .208, pulled his right hamstring muscle slightly.
But it is neither simple nor innocent.
Norval White, the soldier's father, insisted that his son was not a defector.
He may not be everyone's idea of honest, but as he tells the lawyer he is eventually forced to hire to deal with the G: ''I know what wrong is and right but I know what I gotta do to make a buck and that's what it comes down to in the end.
After working with Mr. Gillespie's group in the mid-40's, he became co-leader of a group with Gene Ammons, a tenor saxophonist.
The line will carry carbon dioxide from Southeastern Colorado to West Texas, where it will be used in oil recovery, Arco Oil said.
The subways cannot be looked at as just another column in the budget ledgers of City Hall and Albany.
PEEK AT THE PAST It is always open season on picture postcards, but even more so during summer when, in lieu of 1,000 words, one sends back the picture summing up the vacation experience.
As I say, this was a matter of great concern and we were trying to get an end to it.
There also seems to be some question among analysts as to whether Mr. Agee and his top managers are capable of supervising the development of the complex aerospace weapons systems units that are part of the prize he is seeking at Martin Marietta, particularly if many Marietta executives leave as a result of a takeover.
Of the nine people who had had exposure to other cases, they found that four had had contact with more than one case.
If the state is receiving land on its shore, use it as protected parkland, not for recreational facilities that will inevitably damage the river forever.
As a result, her styles seem to transcend seasons.
He said he had heard that the Chief of Staff, Lieut.
Either way, enlightened game management has resulted in the turkey's flourishing throughout much of its original range, and it also has been successfully introduced in areas of the United States where, to the best knowledge, it never existed before.
Only by such collaboration and prayer can the memory of the past enmities be healed and our past antagonisms overcome.
With air time sponsored primarily by such mail-order record houses as Randy's, Ernies and Buckley's, WLAC changed its daytime fare of news and pop music, aimed at whites, to one featuring rhythm and blues, gospel and Hey-Lordy-Mama-Gut Bucket.
Most have been outflanked by romantic splinter groups on the radical left such as the ''Militant Tendency,'' with Trotskyist leanings, in Britain's Labor Party.
Then, for a variety of reasons their plans for altering it encountered opposition from Community Board 2.
''It seemed to be a logical thing to do,'' he said.
The Government appealed to the Supreme Court, arguing that Congress is entitled to express ''special gratitude'' to veterans by giving them special privileges under the tax laws, just as it may give them special employment benefits.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The growing interest in athletics is a reflection of the Jesuits' policy of full involvement in every culture and society.
It was Mr. McCullough who feigned death.
It probably couldn't help but show Massine's influence.
In it he criticized community-service alternatives to prison, as well as terms involving ''part-time imprisonment,'' because ''the poor and the minority defendant cannot believe the system to be fair or just'' when such alternative sentences are imposed.
Mr. Scharffenberger - the younger brother of George T. Scharffenberger, chairman and chief executive officer of the City Investing Company -previously held management posts at Avnet Inc., the Riegel Paper Comany, Federal Paper Board Company, Duplan Inc. and Westvaco.
You can serve it with many things as well: grilled pork, grilled fish or chicken, steamed seafoods such as lobster or shrimp, even snails, which are quite famous in my country.''
He will not testify in the case, but excerpts from his testimony in the criminal trial were read to the jury in the civil trial.
According to published reports, it had been urged on reluctant Lloyd's officials by both the Bank of England, the pre-eminent voice in Britain's financial community, and the Department of Industry.
Seeks Free Access The P.L.O.
Ruling Against Judges In that ruling, the Court declared that the 220 bankruptcy judges could not constitutionally exercise the broad powers that Congress had granted them when it revised the bankruptcy laws in 1978.
And there is also no doubt about his experience in government.
Even if Congress does not finally agree on a unified plan, it will still pass laws to spend so much for defense, or vaccinations.
As summer started to settle in, a rather remarkable number of women began appearing at parties and festive evening occasions outfitted in one or another of these basic shades or, even more interestingly, in prints combining both.
We regard as positive the views on a Middle East settlement expressed at the recent Arab summit.
As a result, the Government contends that it incurred $375,000 in borrowing costs to make up for the ''excess'' funds held by the school.
But while she was learning the classical repertory, Miss Bofill also was exposed to jazz-fusion music.
But, acknowledging the concerns of the other members regarding the anticipated levels of state and Federal aid and the cost of the contract the city is negotiating with its labor unions, Mr. Koch added that his administration was ''prepared to do whatever has to be done'' to keep the budget balanced.
In addition, farmers are spending their time harvesting grain and have less time to market livestock.
Urging strongly that the industry police itself and set its own rules, the agency said that continued problems would mean ''further regulatory action.''
''If there is only a handful, the men fear they might be victimized and we don't want that, so one of the best ways is for more and more to report and they can get their moral strength through unity.''
Tonight was as well as I can pitch, considering the weather and everything.
Election Is Set for Thursday Just as one crisis appeared on the verge of resolution, another, equally dangerous, has emerged.
''Since the individual responsibility system started in China, all the peasants here are getting richer,'' said Tang Ruiyin, a 52-yearold woman who farms some of the rice paddies that once belonged to Mao's family.
Plans of Giants Unclear The plans of the Giants' players are sketchy, and no one is sure how many of them will be at the first workout.
But analysts say it is doubtful that the airline will be able to produce the profit it is predicting for the third quarter.
The American Crayon Company has put its Prang crayons into a sturdy red plastic case that snaps shut and has a built-in handle.
Others were found dead in their nightclothes, apparently suprised by the militamen who burst in on them Thursday evening.
Natalia de Capua Shoe Salesclerk .
Other cooking implements made by Steve Kayne include a toasting fork with feet ($35), trivets (starting at $20), a broiler ($50) and a trammel hook ($30) that hangs on the crane and enables you to adjust the height of a pot over the fire.
So is instruction in the age-old craft of creative writing, which also nourishes film and theater: Enrollment in the Columbia School's graduate writing program has surged upward since Dean Chapin took his post.
Sweet, a catcher purchased from the Mets last week, started the scoring in the first inning against the loser, Mike Torrez (3-3), by hitting his second homer of the season.
A fictionalized account of how the first tulips came to Holland, the story falls into the hazy category of part history but largely invention.
''I try to be a musician, not a carpenter,'' he says.
If psychiatrists can't agree about whether you're a lunatic or not, who can?
Mr. Hinckley's attorneys sought to bolster their argument that he was driven by insane ''fantasies'' at the time of the shootings by introducing a lament to John Lennon that he wrote after the singer's murder on Dec. 8, 1980.
The restoration of equipment is nothing short of perfect, and those responsible deserve much credit.
The homeowners, however, say they should not have to pay hookup costs because they are not responsible for the contamination of their water.
And she was slow to endorse premarital sex.
BOY FROM UKRAINE WON'T DEPART U.S. CHICAGO, De c. 31 (UPI) - Fourteen-year-old Walter Polovchak ''wouldrather die'' than return to his parents in the Soviet Union under an Illinois appe als court order, the boy's sister said today.
Tambay remained unchallenged to the end, passing all the field except Arnoux, who finished second.
Guides and Vests for All Riders will be given an eight-page guide, including a map of the route that highlights the city's Dutch history.
Today, he acknowledged applause for Basile.
Both Mr. Trippler and the McGhees said there was no warning alarm.
More details are available from David L. Ross, 300 Winston Drive, Apt.
Now that questions of propriety have been raised, Attorney General William French Smith says he will take ''a second look'' at a risky tax shelter investment.
''If we forget the figures for a moment and look at the tables,'' he writes, wickedly insinuating that the consciousness dramatized in the paintings counted for less than the change in daily experience effected by the fork.
Asbestos 'Time Bomb' James E. Vermeulen, a former asbestos worker who is now executive director of Asbestos Victims of America, speaking on industrial safety and injury compensation before the House Subcommittee on Commerce, Transportation and Tourism, March 16, 1982: When I went to work for industry, I just knew that they, like my parents, would never knowingly let me do anything that would harm me.
This is not to say that the book doesn't have its instructive moments.
Mario M. Cuomo, to the public service unions, said he would not reduce the number of state mental health workers but would reassign many to community facilities.
In fact, he has drawn his finances so tightly that all his monthly costs -housing, food, clothing, transportation and payments on his old student loans - exceed his monthly income.
'' B y then, the chest pains that resulted from the rescue effort told Horton how serious his condition had become.
In the last year, Bristol has seen the Krueger printing plant and Bristol Brass mill shut.
Both generated small profits last year, but lost money in each of the preceding three years, said James Gallagher, an I.T.T.
It was once headed by Charles A. Buckley, the late Bronx leader.
New curbs on tax evasion will be proposed by Senator Bob Dole, the chairman of the Finance Committee.
Shimshock grabbed three and McGovern took two.
While living abroad with her husband, a Foreign Service officer, she did research and wrote about international trade.
Each church needs this ministry of unity in some form in order to be the church of God, the one body of Christ, a sign of the unity of all in the kingdom.
The idea that somehow they are going to willingly, suddenly hand over to us a share of the diminished pie is not realistic.
Mr. McCoy, a Stanford graduate, went to work for the Atkinson company 30 years ago as an engineer and worked in the field for 20 years before joining the corporate office.
If you've got that, we have liftoff.
Chrysler reported sales of 18,620 this year, an increase of 15.7 percent from 15,826 last year.
It was obvious that his replies related directly to each one's story.
On Saturday, she had won the single sculls and was in the winning quadruple sculls boat.
She's a robust young country woman, the wife of one of Proust's taxi drivers, and a personality in her own right.
Rob Wilfong, pinch-running for Grich, took second on Ron Jackson's single that chased the reliever Tom Burgmeier.
This approach has always struck me as a bit of intellectual slumming.
'' An updated survey of Advocate subscribers, completed in January, also reveals: 21 percent of 2,500 respondents either own or intend to purchase a personal computer this year, and 43 percent own or plan to buy a video-cassette recorder.
At the same time, manufacturers are taking a similar step, by offering separate lines of products at lower prices along with their regularly priced goods.
Ward, a wholly owned subsidiary of Mobil since 1975, said the new funds were in the form of an equity contribution by Mobil.
He also smiled at the apparent embarrassment of the Los Angeles District Attorney's staff when it was announced that one key witness was a fugitive and the other had left the state.
A heart was returned, and the queen was the only trick for the defense.
It's not a big issue as far as I'm concerned.''
We preferred the calamari fritto - a heaping mound of tender squid strips lightly fried.
The opener, Saturday at 8 P.M., should be a fascinating dance gala, with some 35 performers from four different companies joining in what the announcement calls ''a celebration of the similarities between professional sports and dance.''
Ford will sell a controlling interest in its Rouge Steel unit to a Japanese group led by Nippon-Kokan.
Can't the tubes be tested for defects before they burst?
Riggs, his thick glasses sparkling in the sunlight so one couldn't quite see his eyes, was talking about it at the Orange Lawn Tennis Club in South Orange, N.J., where he competed recently in the Almaden Grand Masters tournament.
I thought they were very reasonable about it.''
Cain will share tailback with 230-pound Gerald Riggs, the No.1 draft choice.
Gasoline inventories totaled 252.9 million barrels, nearly the same as the 252.3 million barrels of the previous week but substantially below 1981 inventories of 284.3 million barrels.
The nation's merchandise trade deficit narrowed to $4.1 billion in November, from $5.3 billion in October, the Government reported today.
Robert Saathof, director of commodity resea rch in New York for Bache Halsey Stuart Shields Inc., said the pr imary influence was weather.
James A. Malone, the United States negotiator, said the last concessions offered to the United States ''fall far short of the President's objectives.''
The marriage of Rena Michell Zurn, daughter of Mrs. Lester R. Westphal of Cleveland Heights, Ohio, and David Melvin Zurn of Erie, Pa., to Spencer Biddle Fulweiler Jr., son of Mr. and Mrs. Fulweiler of New York and Norwalk, Conn., took place last night.
The picture presented to outside observers is that of a church trying to regain its reputation for cultured, if sometimes stuffy, gentility.
Mr. Rondinone's mother is budget director of the Council of Arts and Sciences of Central Florida on Orlando.
You have to block out the memory.
The Baltimore Orioles are a good example of a team that has used its minor league system productively.
While a judge should not ''rubber stamp'' a proposed settlement, he said, neither should a court simply substitute its own views for those of the parties.
Recorded yesterday $ 13,150.00 Previously recorded 762,054.36 ------ Total $775,204.36 HOW TO AID FUND Checks should be made payable to The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund and sent to P.O.
No details of the new proposal were available.
What the show proves most eloquently is that the Puritans, witch hunters and all, were human and that as they prospered they adjusted their beliefs to fit.
Among the things you may think you see are a handkerchief pulled through a chair leg and a sword put through someone's neck.
But the opportunities for peace in the Middle East do not begin and end in Lebanon.
He already has eight assists in seven games.
It was his third visit to a Polish ally in five weeks.
Now that the Senate has overwhelmingly passed the big Simpson-Mazzoli immigration reform bill, the House has a chance to do something worth remembering years from now.
Therefore, to the extent that we advertise that we're going to make very much more than we already have on hand, which is a lot, we risk propagating the view that we are unlikely to use our nuclear weapons ever.
Previously, McLouth had been told to shut its blast furnaces by the end of August.
A cleverly contrived casserole of stuffed cabbage leaves was simmering away on the stove.
Not only that, Bergomi had to mark Rummenigge, the German star, who came into yesterday's game tied with Paolo Rossi as the high scorer in the World Cup with five goals.
He will relinquish the post to Lawrence R. Glenn, who has been deputy head of credit policy supervision since October.
The Peter Pan had loomed as a proving ground for several candidates for the Belmont Stakes June 5.
It is worth the wait.
* R.J. Reynolds Industries said that the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Robino Act for the tender offer by its R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. subsidiary for 11,350,000 shares of Heublein Inc. common stock had expired.
''Danny struggled for quite a few years, just getting enough money to eat on and work on his race car.''
Anti-Semitism permeated the army at the time.
'' On fishing, he was unrepentant: ''The tenant in this literary flophouse came to Door County annually to commit piscicide.''
Marathon also filed a brief, characterizing Mobil's request as ''utterly without precedent and inappropriate.''
Watson now has won seven major tournaments - four British Opens, two Masters, one United States Open.
They suggested that the rebels had fled to mountain hideouts and would regroup and strike back when the time was right.
Equal opportunity should be the goal of school programs.
Mr. Jackson, who is about to become a Canadian citizen, was born in Detroit, the son of Rumanian immigrants who changed their name to Jackson because they loved America dearly and ''Jackson'' struck them as a typically American name.
The second reason is that ''Kandinsky in Munich'' is proportionately much stronger in the applied arts, and in the world of the theater, than earlier shows.
Its new electronics systems, developed by the Bendix Corporation, Honeywell Inc. and General Electric, allow the Tigershark to maneuver quickly and, in effect, take on several MIG 21's and 23's simultaneously.
They offered to help restore the Intrepid and have worked on the carrier since last February, scraping paint and polishing brass.
''This was the only fitting we found that is completely off.
If her dances are kinetic short stories or plays, then they need to be separated, rather than run together.
The Patriots won their divisional title, but lost the following week in the opening round of the playoffs.
The Justices ruled that a Federal law that makes it a crime, in dealing with a federally insured bank, to make ''any false statement'' or to ''willfully overvalue'' property or securities does not apply to writing bad checks, even as part of a fraudulent scheme to get credit.
Phelps is considered one of the lower-cost producers.
The minuscule blonde, whose layer-upon-layer fashions are gaining her an international reputation, earned her first fame under an alias, Laurent Vicci.
Tennis: All England Championships, at Wimbledon.
He proposed that the decisions of such a council be binding.
End of Layoffs Will Vary In Detroit, a G.M.
agreed to let TV stations broadcast at low power.
Eighty to 95 percent of lupus victims live at least 10 years after diagnosis, many experience only mild symptoms with infrequent flareups and some never have a recurrence after the initial attack subsides.
Wouldn't this leave the NATO allies vulnerable to Moscow's superior conventional weapons?
He spoke through an interpreter.
But Sunday night I knew it had a chance, but I wasn't sure.
Mr. Roth is survived by his wife, Mildred; two sons, Stanley and Paul, and three grandchildren.
Since he had passed originally, it was clear that North held exactly three hearts and about 10 high-card points to justify his secound-round jump to three hearts.
The rest melted in small, disorganized bands into rural Matabeleland, the southwestern one-third of the country where the Ndebele group is dominant.
A car goes from one job to another, but a foot man stays put, talks to people, knows what's happening and knows he can't tolerate certain things on his post.
First Amendment Cited That decision was upheld in August 1980 by Donald Diamond, a special referee, and in May 1981 by the Appellate Division, which concluded that even were the mission of the church primarily religious, it had failed to prove the premises in question were being put to religious use.
To market Lisa, Apple will rely on its national sales force and selected dealers, who will be expected to make a substantial commitment to train their sales forces and maintain inventory.
Peter Kalangula, an Ovambo who was the nominal president of the Turnhalle Alliance until he quit to form yet another Namibian party this year, told me that he never could get Dirk Mudge to tell him anything about the source of the alliance's funds.
We don't know whether this problem actually exists (the real numbers of undocumented workers coming into the country has not been determined), but we do know that Simpson-Mazzoli promises a cure it can't deliver.
None of this suggests Miss Kelly is an amateur.
Variable Levy Sought Spurred by the demands of Agriculture Minister Edith Cresson of France, the E.E.C.
Mr. Sturm explains the technical aspects of stained glass with grace and clarity and also discusses intriguing stylistic issues such as the decision of the builders of Riverside Church to include copies of the stained-glass windows of Chartres - a request that so offended American stained-glass makers that they refused the commission and allowed the church's stained glass to be produced by French artisans instead.
Dr. Robert Swanson, the president of Genentech, said he anticipated an increasing need for such skills in the years ahead despite the current business slump.
''But they have wanted to do something for the people.
From the viewpoint of Mr. Cena, the Santa Fe's president, however, mergers may not always bring the expected advantages.
The initiative has been an important factor in a dramatic turnaround in casino profitability this winter, casino officials say.
Similarly, at Daemen College in Amherst, N.Y., where the union was formed in 1979 but never reached the point of negotiating a contract, an out-of-court agreement has been reached that formalizes the faculty's managerial role.
Silver for July delivery rose 31.5 cents an ounce on New York's Comex to close at $6.545 an ounce.
This is exactly the reason that nearly all American experts use three clubs as the second negative in this situation.
Later she began going off on her own, because that enabled them to cover twice the territory and also because she preferred it.
Last summer, the Administration's proposal to have Congress reduce early retirement benefits under Social Security got past him and led to a serious Presidential defeat in the Senate.
The chinook and coho, transplanted from the Northwest to replace the native lake trout that were killed off by the pollution, usually rise from their deep summer feeding grounds in October, apparently searching along the shore for the natural chemical signature of the stream where they were bred and released by the fish commission.
The Conservative leader has maintained that position even though her public approval rating has fallen to 25 percent, according to a poll by Market and Opinion Research International.
In what is referred to among higher education administrators as a ''bumping down effect,'' students who would have, in past years, relied on scholarships or Federal aid to afford a private college tuition, may well be seeking admission to the less expensive four-year public institutions next fall.
Hours: Lunch, Mondays through Fridays, 11:30 A.M. to 2:30 P.M.; dinner, Mondays through Saturdays, 5:30 P.M. to 10 P.M.. Closed Sundays.
Home furnishings, particularly electronics, stereos, telephones, have been strong.
As the current credit crisis of Poland demonstrates, the result was an over-extension of Western capital to Eastern Europe, with divisive effects on allied political unity.
Struggle Within the Party Before the Communist Party Central Committee meeting, ''hardliners'' and ''moderates'' within the party skirmished with anonymous letters and newspaper articles, debating whether to maintain some semblance of ''socialist renewal.''
The Phalangists murdered many Palestinian men in raids during the Lebanese civil war, as the Palestinians did Christians, and the comments of many Christians now indicate that they are ready and anxious to be ruthless with the Palestinians if they have a chance.
Even if the price of gasoline remains stable, the increasingly stiff standards of the Federal gas guzzler tax will make it progressivly harder for heavy cars to comply.
Today, as I stand before you, I know that I am completely innocent of all crime or impropriety and am therefore totally confident that I will be fully exonerated in the Appeals Court.
Miss Striegel's ''Derivations,'' to Aaron Copland, simply contrasted careful but never very lyrical steps with faster but never very exhilarating steps.
Compromise Between Parties In a compromise between the parties reached last March before Judge Stanley Brotman in a Federal court in Camden, N.J., the court reduced the settlement with the Perlmans by $7 million, or $1.44 a share, and told the brothers that they could not hire away company employes, compete with the company or take advantage of opportunities learned on the job without first offering these opportunities to the company.
Witnesses in Texas said a tornado bore down on the town of Paris ''with a dull roar and two atomic booms'' just after 4 P.M. Six hours later, the death toll stood at nine and rescuers were searching the rubble block by block.
A Calculated Risk White, who completed 21 of his 29 passes for 216 yards, including an 8-yard scoring pass to Springs in the second quarter, said of the play: ''Once in a while, a guy has to ad lib.
Although crime statistics are not models of reliability, you don't have to be a statistician to be nervous about strolling through sections of our major cities after dark.
's newest lines of front-wheel-drive compact and midsized cars.
Despite the fury of Henley's onslaught, Maninang hung on grimly.
Nicko said if we didn't look out our bed would be in the ballroom.''
She fills them with bread crumbs, Swiss cheese, pine nuts and asparagus, and seasons them forcefully with black pepper.
Mr. Solti's ''Faust'' has more recorded competition, but weathers that competition handsomely.
Erosion in Support The first public-opinion polls since the massacre have shown an erosion in support for Mr.
''Because he leaves means he has humanity.''
Although I have a metaphoric problem of staring angrily into the nothingness of a ''glaring lack,'' I believe it is about time to fill the negative-interrogative gap.
The person into whose lap such problems will fall is George P. Shultz, now installed as Secretary of State.
Joins the Football Giants ''Can you put in a good word for me?''
DEAN TAYLOR New York, Oct. 19, 1982 *
About a third of the people live in the northern tier, the Democratic stronghold.
'A Reversible Error' However, a Schlitz statement said the company ''believes the court's order constitutes a reversible error,'' and said it would appeal.
NEBRASKA Crawford Work Center, Crawford, Agriculture, 3; Cornhusker Army Ammunition Plant, Grand Island, Army, 1,440; Nebraska-Kansas Project Office, Trenton, Interior, 12; McCook Field Office, McCook, Interior, 2.
WHITE PLAINS THE City of White Plains is facing what it calls ''budgetary havoc'' as a result of a new Westchester County law raising the county's share of the sales tax.
Phoukhao and Phetmany, meanwhile, had passed health examinations in the Ubon camp and had been sent to another camp in the Phi lippines.
But State Supreme Court justices may be certified to continue working until the age of 76 after periodic physical and mental examinations.
''You seem like basically a nice guy.
There is no legislation telling women to have abortions, so that anti-choice people need not have the procedure.
In addition, the western side of the valley, on which there is no winter skiing, becomes accessible for walks.
Their trip was not undertaken lightly.
The agency cited several criticisms of the $39 computer search, one of which was that the printout found the staff member eligible for a scholarship from the Nebraska Rural Rehabilitation Corporation, limited to those living on a ranch or farm in Nebraska.
The central issue for the jurors will be whether Mr. Hinckley was insane, and thus not criminally responsible, when he pulled the trigger on March 30, 1981.
''The puck was laying in the crease,'' said Pavelich.
''We were ready to quit hockey because we said, 'Injustice!'
''48 Hours,'' which opens today at the Coronet and other theaters, hasn't entirely lost the flavor of Mr. Hill's earlier work; it still features villains much more sleekly handsome than its heroes and a machismo from everyone that just won't quit.
Forwards are led by Blaine Stoughton, the N.H.L.
* JVC Corp.'s commercial paper program was rated* A-1-plus by Standard & Poor's Corp. * Ohio Edison Co.'s 6 million common shares were offered at $12.75 a share by underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co.
With all this evidence, why is it so difficult for the city to stop these owners - and others like them?
Martz had to play 19 ... B-B2; 20 P-B5, BxN; 21 PxB, but of course, the black position would be constricted and White could operate with such plans as 22 Q-R5, 23 QR-K1, 24 P-B4 and 25 P-B5.
Kibler ruled that Leon Durham had been hit by a pitch by Bob Shirley.
One officer has been suspended from duty, and two officers have been removed from duty at Buckingham Palace.
Performing with him in his grandfather's ''Elegie'' will be Charles Wadsworth, pianist, and Mr. Parnas.
New Yorkers are accustomed, after all, to having their city described by visitors as ''against the normal psychological needs of man.''
One guy was dancing in a puddle, people were pushing and shoving, drinking beer and champagne, smoking grass.
Mr. Spira, 52, is finance director of Sotheby's, the auction house based in London.
Thus the total cost of imported oil declined about 2 percent, to $77.6 billion.
Rollie Fingers, their relief ace, who was voted the best pitcher and most valuable player in the American League last year, tore a muscle in his right forearm on Sept. 2.
Details from Scandinavian World Cruises, 1080 Port Boulevard, Port of Miami, Miami, Fla. 33132 (800-432-0900).
Personal heroes - General Douglas MacArthur.
Such range and authority are not much in vogue today and may be facilely relegated to the bin of English social fiction - sensitive, humane but small.
Abseenteeism among workers, which often ran at 10 percent to 20 percent, has dropped in many areas to 5 percent to 8 percent.
When pressed about the clock's location, she quoted Philip Milstein, a partner in the Milford Management Corporation, as saying only that the clock was ''downtown in a Chase Manhattan vault.''
The one totally sympathetic writer in Canetti's portrait gallery of the time is Isaac Babel, with whom Canetti identified not as a writer or as a Jew but because Babel, who came from the Russian city Odessa on the Black Sea, seemed to connect with Canetti's birth in a country that also bordered on the Black Sea.
Moved back to Elizabeth, city of his birth, after district lines were redrawn .... Former Union County Freeholder, served from 1967 to 1972 in State Senate .... One of state Republican Party's most popular vote-getters .... Voted with President Reagan on Federal budget last year, but against his tax-increase proposal this year ....
Questions have also arisen about the Soviet ability to compete with the American space shuttle program with one-shot space hardware that has evolved relatively slowly over the last 15 years.
This was accomplished not by negotiation with Israel but at long distance through Henry Kissinger's shuttle diplomacy, which eventuated in the separation-offorces agreement.
Last week it was disclosed that the Securities and Exchange Commission had overruled its staff last month and had declined to bring an action against Citicorp, the bank's parent company, despite the conclusion in a staff study that Citicorp's top management had directed maneuvers between 1973 and 1980 that had circumvented and at times violated other countries' tax and currency laws.
In the third incident, a piece of wood became jammed under a third rail and caught fire below an N train after it pulled into the Northern Boulevard station in Queens, according to Jeanne Edelson, a Transit Authority spokesman.
Mr. Pavarotti will sing Rodolfo and Nemorino.
He made it very difficult to get anything going.''
Magazine advertising picks up in September issues in Seventeen, Sports Illustrated, Cosmopolitan, People, Mademoiselle, GQ, Teen, Newsweek, Glamour and Us.
He was sped toward Rome by an ambulance escorted by many police cars.
He said four would be relocated with relatives in northern New Jersey, two in Brooklyn and one on Long Island.
The President, Gen. Efrain Rios Montt, took power in a military coup on that date this year and suspended all political activity.
Democrats Invited to Help David A. Stockman, the director of the Office of Management and Budget, invited the Democrats to participate in shaping the budget and to bring to the conference table ''a solemn commitment that emergency measures taken for the good of all Americans in May will not become the objects of partisan exploitation in November.''
This notion has been called unrealistic by Chancellor Helmut Schmidt, who has said that such a weapon-free zone would not eliminate the threat of missiles being fired from the Asian half of the Soviet Union or end Soviet superiority in conventional weaponry.
In Edmonton, the Soviet team and the Oilers played a smooth, swift, skillful game that was won by Edmonton, 4-3.
For years its very existence was considered secret, and the seven-page memorandum signed by President Truman in 1952 that created the agency by consolidating various Defense Department offices is still classified.
General Eytan said some Palestine Liberation Organization leaders trapped in Beirut - Israeli officials put the number of guerrillas there at 5,000 - had fled.
At the Queens facility, owned by National Medical Care, the auditors contend that the facility overcharged Medicare by $1.4 million from 1974 to 1980.
British Invasion Expected The question, many Argentine officials said, was whether this would lead the British to refrain from invading the islands, a move that the military here expects any day.
With allegations of political patronage no longer an issue, questions about Mayor Koch's appointments have turned more on matters of political philosphy.
And on a cold, crisp, clear day, you can study the shape of the landscape and the shape of the trees and plants.''
''They come here so bewildered,'' said Fran Amato, who was directing people at the door.
There were eight homers in the game, including a grand slam by Oakland's Jeff Burroughs.
This week's issue of Nin, a Belgrade magazine, spoke of ''suspicions'' that Mr. Shehu, long the second-ranking Albanian leader, after Enver Hoxha, the party chief, had fallen victim to ''a top-level squaring of accounts.''
Among the jobs scheduled to be terminated are those in management and administration, environmental engineering and various environmental specialties.
In France these days, Mrs. Ortiz points out, people are eating more fish and poultry and less meat.
''We are looking into that matter,'' he said.
Patricia Ann Hill, daughter of Mrs. Donald P. Hill of Ridgewood, N.J., and the late Mr. Hill, was married there yesterday to Robert England Grant Jr., son of Mr. and Mrs. Grant of Barrington, R.I.
For one thing, he and Mr. Pownall were longtime business friends, traveling in the same defense-contractor circles.
Edie Sedgwick, minor celebrity of the 60's, remembered by friends and acquaintances.
The evening closes, on a hypnotic note, with a romance in which a young couple make love by firelight.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Cathy Morse, who has not played much golf this year because of the death of her fiance in January, gained her first triumph in four and a half years on the Ladies Professional Golf Association tour today.
The latest figures, Data Resources Inc. said last week, pointed to ''a long bottoming-out process.''
It is composed of the names of those who have been most influential in Mr. Venturi's career: Beethoven, Michelangelo, Aalto, Wright, Palladio, Lutyens and Le Corbusier among them.
Long before the first act is over you will know with a certainty who the psychopathic killer is, and you will be right.
The advertiser, Plaskolite of Columbus, Ohio, also stated that ''field tests'' in three cities proved that its windows had ''slashed'' heating bills by up to $252.20 a year.
does not wish to remain in Lebanon.''
Alexander appointed Count Alexander Wielopolski as his representative in Poland.
Such meetings have served to help researchers in such ways as refining their data and correcting errors that become apparent through challenge from other scientists.
Paul F. Finnegan, a Democrat, defeated Assemblyman John G.A.
Thus far he could, however, be one of the many painters who work on the South Fork of Long Island.
While such care is necessary in some cases, the officials said that it was frequently given inappropriately and that it tended to take the emphasis away from what they now regard as one of the municipal hospitals' major responsibilities - providing humane and consistent primary and preventive care by teams of physicians and health-care professionals devoted to that major goal.
THE Four Freshmen, who will be at Fat Tuesday's through Sunday, are celebrating their 35th anniversary in show business.
asked India's representative, Majarah Krishna Rasgotra.
The Rangers lead the league in that category with seven.
On the New York Commodity Exchange, gold closed yesterday at $338.50, up $4.10 an ounce from Friday.
Father Keating took over the post after Cardinal Cody died April 25 at the age of 74.
Parade to Foul Line Ewing is likely to remember his first and last baskets of the game.
NOW HEAR THIS Bobby Short, who usually goes public as nightclub entertainer, is showing up as a lecturer tonight at 8 o'clock at St. Peter's Church, 619 Lexington Avenue, at East 54th Street (935-2200).
Mr. Rose explained: ''There has been a tremendous change in consumers' concept of value.
State Department officials said that the United States owed the United Nations $149.4 million for the balance of its 1982 calendar year assessment and that the United Nations was planning to receive it by Nov. 1.
Mattel Earnings Mattel said yesterday that earnings for its third quarter ended Oct. 30 rose 39.4 percent, to $28.3 million, or $1.31 a share, from $20.3 million, or 96 cents a share, a year earlier.
Premiums stimulate purchases by consumers.
THEODORE B. DOLMATCH Briarcliff Manor, N.Y.
Profits in the fiscal fourth quarter of 1980 were reduced by a $6 million loss from its discontinued Treasury discount stores and by a $14 million provision for the estimated cost of disposal of those operations.
After three weeks of often conflicting testimony, the antitrust suit against Hawaii's two major daily newspapers went to the jury today in Federal District Court.
Power flows through a five-speed transaxle, and the shifts are smoother than on many small Japanese cars.
He did even better, scoring three times.
Debate Could Be Opportunity Aides to Senator Moynihan and to Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato, Republican of New York, said on Friday that a similar amendment could be proposed on the Senate floor during the debate expected to take place this week on either the gas tax or on highways and mass transit.
''I stumbled, but I kept my balance and kept my eye on the ball and made the play at the last second.''
The more stylish Manisses up the hill from Old Harbor is a restored Victorian building with 16 rooms and a bustling restaurant.
If plants have four weeks to settle in before truly cold weather, there is hope for their survival.
Mr. Frank of NBC News said that his network had decided against carrying Mr. Reagan yesterday because: ''It was not a major news event.
When recently purchased on Ninth Avenue the cost was 69 cents each.
''At first I just had the turtle say goodbye and disappear.
At the same time, I stand by my earlier offer to provide recovery assistance to help the Polish economy back on its feet once Warsaw restores to the Polish people their human rights.
At the meeting, sponsored by the National Coalition for Public Education and Religious Liberty, Dr. Dunn also called the President's plan ''welfare for the well-off'' and said it could lead to Government intrusion into religious education.
''Labor sees this as an attempt to break the union,'' Robert J. Catlin, president of the Trumbull County Federation of Labor, has said.
''It was fun,'' Cage says, and one believes him.
There are a picture of a ship trapped in ice and others that are said to be the first underwater color photos.
A Long Search by Nets The Nets had tried to solve their problems at center since they lost George Johnson to the San Antonio Spurs as a free agent in 1980.
If I can make them believe I'm 60 pounds heavier, and an-over-the-hill fighter, without putting on the weight , then that to me is the real art.
Paul Gallo's lighting at first tries to indicate the time shifts, but finally lapses into incoherence when mere darkness would do.
On the corner of the street is a three-story house with the traditional stepped red-brick profile and a shop sign to tempt the passing customer.
The Government of Prime Minister Menachem Begin has been considering military action in Lebanon for several months in response to a Palestinian arms buildup and infiltration attempts across the border from Jordan.
It is the region's most populous country, with the most United States private investment ($226 million), its own promising oil reserves and a border just 90 miles from Mexico's oil fields.
Wheelabrator-Frye plans a $200 million offshore slurry pipeline that would carry a mixture of coal and water out to waiting coal ships.
H. Erich Heinemann, a vice president at Morgan Stanley & Company, suggested that Congressional complaints about high living at the Fed were a smoke screen.
Miss Soames's Auschwitz pictures fail on conventional grounds; they are dime-a-dozen documentary views, with plenty of barbed wire but little in the way of original seeing or feeling.
Representative Jamie L. Whitten, Democrat of Mississippi, chairman of the Appropriations Committee, told his colleagues, ''I bring to you today a bill that represents the final word in legislative and executive agreement.
B-Includes $2 million foreign currency translation gain...C-Includes $3 millionforeign currency translation gain
Any remaining money from the $900,000 trust fund will be used for economic development by the tribe.
Over all, declining issues on the Big Board outnumbered advances by nearly 2 to 1, reversing the market's strong breadth in recent sessions.
But this largesse is not for everyone: you have to be poor to qualify for a five-pound loaf of processed American spread.
Ruled Against Prison System He still presides over the enforcement of his ruling that the entire 30,000-inmate Texas prison system, the country's largest, was unconstitutional because of ''malignant'' overcrowding and conditions that constituted ''cruel and unusual punishment.''
It was responsible for gaining support from the Socialist International for the Salvadoran leftists.
Yet these are very compelling pictures, and not least for their density, their laconic utterance and their refusal of all evident luxury.
Foli, however, did not score.
Also included in the exhibition are some works by his contemporaries: Richard Brother, Henry Fuselli, William Sharp and Samuel Palmer, for purposes of comparison and to set a perspective for the times.
On the surface, the odds appear to favor the leader of the Fianna Fail Party, Charles J. Haughey, but the outgoing Prime Minister, Garret FitzGerald, who heads a coalition of the Labor Party and his own Fine Gael Party, appeared to have some chance of turning defeat into victory.
This is why I say: if the language that Mr. Peters and Mr. Waterman speak is any accurate reflection of the American businessman's current thinking, then we are deep in the cauldron with the water very near the boiling point.
''Much of the population is supposed to drive through Hartford during an evacuation.
Her father, a record consultant in London, was formerly director of EMI Records in Milan.
Mr. Waidelich clearly has the ad-vantage of size.
We believe that good taste can be good selling.
The greatest enemy of wine is temperature change - excessive heat or cold to the point of freezing.
But she does not mince words about uncooperataive manufacturers.
Begin of ''miserably handling'' the Palestinian issue and said that the Prime Minister's intransigence was primarily responsible for the impasse in the autonomy talks.
Chubb, which receives $16 million a year in premiums from insuring movies and plays, eventually assigned the same deductible to E.T.
The force will include Queen Elizabeth's second son, the 22-yearold Prince Andrew, who has been serving as a helicopter pilot aboard the Invincible.
is a highly evolved example of a type of fusion reactor known as a tokamak (which is a Russian acronym standing for a toroidal chamber - that is, a doughnut-shaped chamber - containing a magnetic field).
This was the first opportunity for this viewer to see ''Circa,'' in the Joyce Theater and it appeared as poetic as it did at its out-oftown premiere in 1980.
President Carter offered $230 million for the 1981-83 replenishment; President Reagan reduced that to $180 million but none of it has been contributed.
As a consequence, Hickey won't be fined for failing to report within the 48 hours after he was assigned to Quebec by the National Hockey League on March 8.
100-yard games: Simpson, 42, Payton, 46, Campbell, 31.
The buildings, which once housed The Newark News and Essex County College, could be converted into artists' housing, with the site of the Mulberry Street market taken for a plaza and parking area.
Mr. Gordon is the departmen t's state director of the summer feeding and child care feeding progr am for day-care centers.
He became an illustrator in Kansas City, Mo., in World War I, working at the Film Ad Company with Walt Disney.
At home, Nolie can be a bit of a problem.
''When I was an amateur, I sang with both hands in my jacket pockets,'' he said.
''I couldn't see the signs,'' Palmer said.
The following scenario is among the most plausible.
''I would have to describe this as not a powerful game,'' he said.
He even left them 400 florins in his will.
Federal law-enforcement officials, citing security precautions, would not disclose the timing of Mr. Wilson's transfer or his whereabouts.
The pianist, Geraint Watkins, looks like a hulking Welsh bull but plays - and sings - like a New Orleans native.
Perry had not carried the ball since that play.
Most of my career, I hit to right field, but somehow I pulled this one to left.
Irene Gallier (Nastassia Kinski), a lovely, virginal young woman, returns from some far-off place never identified to take up residence with her brother, Paul (Malcolm McDowell), and Paul's mysterious housekeeper, Female (pronounced FAHmah-lay and played by Ruby Dee), in Paul's beautiful old house in the French Quarter.
Norway's Finance Minister, Rolf Presthus, said last week that estimates of Norway's oil revenues for the next four years had been almost halved - to $15 billion from $28 billion - because of falling world oil prices.
Contaminants such as salt, oil, gasoline, detergents and dog feces and urine should be kept out of the pit.
''I obviously wasn't traded willingly,'' said Hickey, who explained that he had no intention of retiring rather than go to Quebec.
The $75 limit does not apply if the property is stolen by the owner or employees.
The bottom line is that both sides must recognize the paramount importance of preserving the new relationship between the United States and the People's Republic of China.
President Reagan today denounced the profanity and nudity encountered in current motion pictures and praised the voluntary self-censorship the film industry practiced when he was an actor.
The strains on democracy continued to be evident last week with early-morning bomb blasts in eight cities that caused no casualties but damaged public buildings and increased nervousness.
Th ey doubt the Administration can generate $20 billion in extra revenue s in 1983 from accelerated oil leasing and other management me asures.
Mr. Habib has been making a tour of countries to see if we can get some help in temporary staging areas for those people.
A Government official said that the army leader, Wojciech Jaruzelski -whose concurrent leadership of the party has pointedly not been mentioned lately - would soon unveil a program of reforms that would include guidelines for a Solidarity-like union.
Mr. Williams is on trial in Fulton County Superior Court, charged with the murders of Nathaniel Cater, 27 years old, and Jimmy Ray Payne, 21.
By 1975, Northland's market share had sagged to less than 10 percent in this country and zero in Canada and worldwide, Mr. Diederich said.
He added that Lilco's executives and workers ''are the people most concerned about the reliability and safety of this plant'' and that such an analysis would have been performed if they had believed it necessary.
Needless to say, my image has been shattered.
In the 1950's Ed Rommel, Frank Umont and Larry Goetz wore them.
When hand washing a sweater, it is safe to use lukewarm water and a mild detergent, since many of the wool-knit cleaning products are little more than detergents.
The spokesman said Mr. Korkala was wanted on a warrant issued when he and Mr. Terpil failed to appear for their September 1980 trial in New York on gunrunning charges.
Montana, $1.3 billion in income and $1.1 billion in expenditures; Nebraska, $1.6 billion and $1.6 billion; Nevada, $1.3 billion and $1.2 billion; New Hampshire, $944 million and $952 million; New Jersey, $10.3 billion and $8.5 billion.
Three prisoners were also killed, including George Jackson, a Black Panther leader.
* Colonial Commercial Corp. of Valley Stream, L.I., said it would begin to solicit votes for a reorganization plan, following the approval of its disclosure statement by the Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York.
''Keep your bait in motion,'' he writes, ''upon the same principle that you would fish for salmon or brook trout.''
But what constitutes bad art at any given time is always a controversial matter.
The living room's broad ceiling expanse is supported by fine steel cables complete with turnbuckles.
He was elected to a full 14-year term on the Supreme Court in 1957 on the Democratic-Liberal ticket.
The majority of Palestinian Arabs - much like today's - were friendly and good-neighborly, but the thugs among them prevailed because they proved more vociferous and forceful.
Then all of a sudden Dave's coming across the plate and we have a one-run lead no matter what I do.
Rudolph and Neil will be the starting right side against the Chiefs.
That would be marvelous if she did.
Australia was considering increasing its total quota by 1,000 to accommodate more Poles, Austrian officials say.
She is the first Treasurer since the post was established in the 18th century to have jurisdiction over the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, which would have to bear the cost of any new engravings.
Mr. Robbett's father is surgeon director of the Manhattan Eye, Ear and Throat Hospital in New York.
She was hired and is now working suscessfully, according to Dr. Cordoni.
A high Turkish official said it was necessary to make the nation's position clear ''because we don't want the Papandreou Government to make any miscalculations.''
Mr. Crow's self-effacing immersion in his material is not, perhaps, the stuff of which grand careers are made; but if he is the kind of serious musician this concert indicates, then he may not care.
The Indiana Pacers made the playoffs the first year that Jack McKinney was the coach.
''A prime reason Asians are making films in this country,'' he explained, ''is to destroy stereotypes.''
Under the ''Spice-Filled Holidays'' program, some hotels give a free bottle of rum, a recipe book and a basket of spices.
King said that he had given Mike Morton, Frazier's manager, an advance of $11,500 and that, with expenses, he had laid out close to $20,000.
Uncommon Purposes One such power is the Government's ability to develop human capital, through health, education and welfare programs.
The fewer the better on the Long Island Expressway from the Hamptons and Fire Island, on the Garden State Parkway from the Jersey Shore and on the New England Thruway from Connecticut.
They have increasingly turned to outside labor relations professionals for their bargaining sessions and their dayto-day operations.
In addition, proposals to alter the way Social Security funds are invested could have the twin benefits of shoring up the trust and contributing to overall economic recovery and growth.
Last spring, Mannesmann signed contracts to deliver to the Soviet Union 1.2 million metric tons of pipe.
B-Including a gain of $232,000 or 7 cents a shr for the qr and 6 mos from the sale of property
Kuwait has begun paying off investors who lost billions on its unofficial stock market, which collapsed under the weight of uncovered checks used to purchase securities there.
Mr. and Mrs. Richard J. Dilworth of Rowayton, Conn., have announced the engagement of their daughter, Kathryn Elise Dilworth, to Alexis duPont Gahagan, son of Mr. and Mrs. William Gerli Gahagan of Oyster Bay, L.I.
''A short while back Suzuki was facing no opposition to speak of,'' said a Cabinet minister, ''but now the situation is a bit more complex, the outlook a bit less clear.''
''One says, 'Romantic Willimantic' and it has a picture of thread.
I have nothing but sympathy for the Dodgers.''
The resolution was specifically limited to evacuation planning in the event of nuclear attack.
We think the judge should, in all good conscience, reverse himself.
If you stay away from lobster (which now goes for about $30 a pound), you can dine upon such local specialties as calderta, a fish and shellfish soup, for as little as $12, wine included.
His first stamping plant failed, but in 1964 he formed a steel warehouse business, which he sold five years later to Allegheny Ludlum Industries.
''Things may not be as bad as during the Great Depression, but there are too many parallels to view this as an ordinary business recession,'' Harold Breimeyer, an agricultural economist at the University of Missouri, commented.
The Manville Corporation, which reported a loss of $19.9 million for the three months ended June 30, announced it would omit the common stock dividend normally paid in the third quarter.
The Emil Verban Memorial Society, a local outpost of Chicago Cub fans, includes on its roster seven members of the House of Representatives currently seeking re-election, and the most recent society bulletin carries an appeal for campaign contributions for all of them, with names and addresses of the appropriate committees around the country.
Then Dr. Allen is to follow along the left slidewire and join Dr. Lenoir at the aft bulkhead.
The race was delayed until a third day, and Johncock's car was rolled into victory lane in the rain when the race was ended after 133 laps.
They will be taught Haiti's French-based Creole language.
In the third inning, Griffey batted in his second run without hitting a fair ball.
It was growing dark when, pretty well cried out and beginning to respond to the holiday excitement in the air, I left Bessie Scott's and walked back home.
The Mayor said their numbers would be checked.
''Yes, I guess the system can be beaten,'' said Dr. Vicente Alfredo Lopez Aleval, the head of the provincial election commission.
On occasional afternoons, the sun gets up enough energy to bore through the clouds, but you can't count on it.
There is the construction worker who has come in from the country, only to find himself taking on quite another kind of job.
TARRYTOWN - Marymount College Glee Club Christmas Concert, 1 P.M. Wednesday, Rita Hall on campus.
''Jim enjoys it because it is something he can do for us, whereas we are always doing something for him,'' Mrs. Marino added.
Also of possible interest to environmentalists is a model pesticide-control ordinance that has been prepared by a group called the New Jersey Coalition for Alternatives to Pesticides.
Bell Telephone Laboratories developed cellular radio in the 1960's to provide a continuous radio connection with a discontinuous set of relays, thus assuring optimum utilization of the available frequencies.
Whether public schools, many of them already strapped for funds, could ever hope to use computers at anything close to the 8-to-1 ratio that exists at Lamplighter is doubtful.
While consumers have to deal with the relatively simple question of whether to return the 40 million cans of tuna packed by Bumble Bee Seafoods that were recalled this month, manufacturers involved in recalls face a host of more complicated legal questions.
According to newspaper reports, a Swedish submarine crew spotted a foreign submarine 300 yards from a naval base 20 miles south of here.
An August wedding is planned.
Most of the 130 people who attended the meeting supported the policy.
Compared to the 20 percent contribution by the United States, West Germany contributes slightly more than 5 percent in marks, Britain nearly 7 percent in pounds, France nearly 5 percent in francs and Japan a little less than 3 percent in yen.
That power rests with the junta, made up of the heads of the army, air force and navy.
Fed Adds Credit Yesterday, the Fed temporarily added credit to the banking system via two-day purchases of securities, but that did not prevent an increase in the overnight rate for bank loans in the Federal funds market to 14 percent at the close from 13 1/2 percent at the opening.
Fourth Quarter 14 - Ramsey punt is returned 55 yards for touchdown by Danny Pittman.
The Wirth group would also establish a council of public and private officials to build ''broad support for national initiatives.''
Garcia then was picked off by the Cleveland starter, Rick Waits (1-12), and was tagged out by the shortstop, Larry Milbourne, after being caught in a rundown.
CENTRAL JERSEY The violinist Isaac Stern and two renowned visiting orchestras from Europe make up this season's Rutgers University Concert Series in New Brunswick.
Tribute From Larry Rivers ''She transformed me'' Mr. Rivers said yesterday.
In Trinidad and Tobago, a calypso song, ''Labor Day in Brooklyn,'' has been a hit.
She will dance to George Balanchine's memorable choreography.
Of the $26 billion in cuts contemplated in all domestic programs, more than half is to come from those serving the chronically dependent and working poor.
At a news conference, Mr. Cuomo had said: ''Senator Anderson is not convinced that the Metropolitan Transportation Authority problem, the city problem, the state problem require that we go back to Albany.
His father is retired and was an engineer with Siemens Corporation in West Berlin.
''There is neither law nor justice to protect the people from abuse of power,'' the statement said.
Bendix, a longtime supplier to defense agencies, also released letters between William M. Agee, chairman, and Frank C. Carlucci, Deputy Defense Secretary.
But they expect them to come up shortly, under the pressure of conservative Republicans.
The 158 general-purpose funds popular with small investors dropped $673 million in assets, to $72.7 billion, while the 74 broker-dealer funds lost $2.76 billion, leaving assets of $110.37 billion.
Sponsor Defends Bill ''That's baloney, pure nonsense,'' Mr. Fink said.
Atlanta had taken a 2-1 lead in the sixth on Terry Harper's sacrifice fly.
Democrats, including Senator Carl Levin of Michigan, challenged Mr. Reagan's contention that the Soviet Union led the United States in ''virtually every category'' of strategic weaponry.
There is good reason for caution: These massive macho things are really pushovers.
Mr. Railsback was defeated for re-election in a close primary race last spring after 16 years in Congress.
The experiment used technology developed to provide an environment free of all magnetism.
They think that Israel can be pressured, divided, cajoled, or anguished out of that land to make way for Mr. Arafat and his associates.
''It came on the House side with the MX vote and sent a signal that's still being felt.''
Mr. Haig was reported by aides to want to discuss, particularly with Mr. Lewis, ways to restore to normal relations with Israel and to avoid the public clashes of recent months.
He ran past the Giants' bench.
''I run out of the I-formation, do some blocking and catch some passes.''
The idea, expressed today by the Presidential counselor, Edwin Meese 3d, is to avoid the tendency of departments to ''try and expand their domain, their budgets and their personnel into areas where they don't belong.''
If verified, the action would be a violation of National Collegiate Athletic Association rules.
Admission is by voluntary contribution.
In ''The World of Ruth Draper,'' a one-woman show at the South Street Theater, Ruth Brinkmann attempts to revive the performance art of the legendary American monologist.
When Montse Guillen, one of the best cooks in the Catalan region, was in New York recently, Pierre Franey and I invited her to prepare some dishes for us.
They don't know how important an election issue the budget mess can become, or whom it will hurt.
The Senators said, in their statement, that it was clear that the consultative meetings scheduled under the terms of the current agreement ''were necessary to both sides to make sure that we have put embargoes, threats of embargoes, and psychological embargoes behind us.''
Phil Garner, who had four hits, including a double, started the Astros' fifth with a single, Alan Ashby singled him to third, and he scored on a single by Craig Reynolds.
The utility also received increases in energy adjustment charges for electricity of $271 million in 1980 and $160.5 million in 1981.
1 ..........................Ken Meseroll Leonard Darwin ..........................George Martin Mick ...................................Daniel Gerroll Louise ...................................Johann Carlo M. Aung ...................................Conrad Yama Mme.
Although there are lesser figures in the party hierarchy who are considered Suslov proteges, none carry the authority of their mentor, whose career in ideology and propaganda spanned every Soviet leader from Lenin to Brezhnev and every upheaval from the purges of the 1930's to de-Stalinization in the late 1950's and early 1960's and the ouster of Mr. Khrushchev.
''It was my view that this report was not in good enough shape for release,'' Mr. Gliedman said.
Before the class was over, all the pupils were enthusiastically acting out a shipboard near-riot based on ''Moon of the Caribbees,'' one of the playwright's rarely performed one-act plays.
The latter must guard themselves against the practice of apparently indiscriminate baptism and take more seriously their responsibility for the nuture of baptised children to mature commitment to Christ.
Detroit is a painted canvas.''
There will be performances and environmental sculptures and water drums and a community sing.
They say they know from experience that everything in this city is for sale at the right price.
's suggestions and to relay the American responses or counterproposals without committing the P.L.O.
The next year some 80,000 people filled the capital's streets to commemorate the anniversary of a 1932 peasant uprising.
No serious problems were encountered in the evening rush period, the Transit Authority said.
Fears were expressed by Mr. Schmidt in a speech earlier in the week that decisions like the one regarding the gas pipeline could lead to a trade war or a new cold war.
Within hours of Mr. Reagan's statement, France seemed to dissociate itself from the policy agreement by saying in a communique in Paris that France was ''not a party to the agreement announced this afternoon in Washington.''
He is bound to be in a hurry, for he is confronted with a host of problems, and has only a couple of years in this Administration to deal with them, but in some ways he is in a strong position.
Foster's drive to Ozzie Smith set off a double play that thwarted the threatened uprising.
Mr. Giles's approach is consciously different.
The 14 1/2-by-18 1/2-inch etching is of Mr.
It said exchanges with Soviet citizens under technical cooperation agreements would also be reduced.
The more frequently headlined coups and wars and sundry bloodlettings, of the sort that prompted Joseph Conrad to coin the epithet, ''heart of darkness,'' for at least one of the continent's countries, tend to obscure the economic crisis that threatens many African countries with collapse.
Richard Ravitch, chairman of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, saw this problem clearly at a Senate transit hearing recently.
'An Embarrassment' ''The Citibank issue was an embarrassment, to Harvard and to the bank, because Citibank tried hard to make a socially desirable loan,'' Harvard's treasurer, George Putnam, said today.
The Supreme Court will review rules under which utilities must help develop competing energy sources.
An article in the Communist Party newspaper Pravda last week said that the two ministries principally involved had concluded that crews clearing the route and laying the pipe, as well as those building pumping stations and living quarters for operating personnel, would have to step up their tempo by ''two or two and a half times'' if the project is to be completed ahead of time, as ordered by the Kremlin.
But it's crazy to be inside watching TV on a day like today.''
The latest legal attempt to forestall demolition of the Helen Hayes and Morosco Theaters near Times Square was rejected yesterday in State Supreme Court in Manhattan.
* The city's already overcrowded jails would be forced to accommodate many more people.
With Coupland's casual suggestion, Weizmann confided to an aide that ''the Jewish state was at hand.''
Last week, the Mayor advocated ending the tax incentives to convert single-room-occupancy hotels to luxury housing.
* To delay may mean to forget.
Now I've gotten married, and we're expecting a baby.''
But, at a preliminary hearing held less than two hours after she arrived here, Mr. Webb requested a $5 million cash bond, and United States Magistrate James T. Balog set the high bond ''because Mrs. Lewis has shown the ability to evade authorities.''
A widespread pattern of ticket-fixing by New York State judges was reported by the state's Commission on Judicial Conduct in June 1977.
Molly Yard, a NOW political expert, told the audience: ''It is idealistic to knock on every door to get out the vote.
The ''good'' goals came in the second period.
Mr. Cuomo, in turn, repeatedly portrayed Mr. Lehrman as a Reagan Republican in their first debate last week and in several speeches.
''Right now they're trying to line up a backup group for him.''
His fastball hopped, his slider cut.
''But the flip side is that sometimes the excitement of work done well feels like attraction.
The national police agency said the typhoon, designated Judy, flooded more than 60,000 homes in 21 states across central Japan.
The panel's Subcommittee on Government Information and Individual Rights endorsed the findings last week.
''There is no other goal.''
Adding lemon, incidentally, was not my idea - lemon had accompanied the thickest, blandest version of the soup that I tasted, at the DeSoto Hilton coffee shop in Savannah.
''He was hurt, but he wasn't getting hit with anything good.''
But they restored the proposal to tighten collection of taxes on tips.
It's a chart of added sugar in your favorite cereals - the number of teaspoons of sugar per serving and the percentage of sugar in the total weight.
Hinault finished sixth, He got some help early, perhaps from his nine teammates, but late in the day it was all his own climbing that kept him with the yellow shirt as the overall leader.
In interviews, they maintained that the moderate trend of policy has cost them only the support of some neoconservatives, most of whom are former Democrats, but not the backing of Republican conservatives.
There are at least a few officials on each side who are increasingly uncertain that a deal can be negotiated at all.
''The West has an economic interest in maintaining East-West trade,'' he said, noting that such trade in 1982 totaled $100 billion.
The photographer wasn't interested in how his subject happened to appear at one random moment, but in his sum total, his essence.
Gold bullion closed in Zurich at $378.50 a troy ounce, down from $380.50 Monday.
Present advances have been made possible by the techniques of genetic manipulation invented in 1973, and spring from the initiative of individual scientists pursuing promising lines of pure research.
Watching ''Hill Street Blues,'' with lawyers and police captains bedding happily after earnest debate about constitutional rights, makes me feel that there is, too, such a thing as real progress.
inspectors had been reporting disturbing incidents at the Canadian-supplied nuclear facility.
Zachary Dyckman, an economist who used to work at the Council on Wage and Price Stability, said that hospitals were increasing their charges now because, under the Reagan Administration, there was no longer a threat of rate regulation by the Federal Government.
The 11 children, who range in age from 7 to 15 years, have been openly acknowledged by their American fathers.
Also, officials are finding that a very careful line must be drawn between the need to become involved in the personal lives of the students and the parents' right to privacy.
The 53-year-old lawmaker collapsed Saturday at his Johnstown, Ohio, office and died about 90 minutes later.
Whatever the cosmetic changes, the prospect seems to be for continued martial law without the label.
Campo was at Monmouth Park saddling Bright Current, who finished out of the money in the Long Branch Stakes.
The last few months have been particularly traumatic, with CBS abandoning its bold - but loss ridden - cable television venture, shutting down much of its slumping record operations and abruptly retreating from extravagant plans for producing movies.
''Peace is the primary concern,'' he said.
Sotheby's, the world's biggest art-auction house, acknowledged today that it was reducing operations and laying off employees in England and New York City, but denied reports of money problems that could make it ripe for a takeover.
Bill Goodstein, Righetti's lawyer, pointed out that his client pitched less than a full season.
Jan. 23 - Seven-night cruise from Miami, calling at Puerto Plata, St. Thomas, San Juan and Nassau.
In order to prevent crosssubsidies between regulated and unregulated activities - e.g., Long Lines paying for applied research used to develop technology marketed by Western Electric, A.T.& T.'s competitive manufacturing arm - the legislation requires that all transactions between the Long Lines subsidiary and the Labs be properly paid and accounted for.
Just Starting to Feel Cuts In New Jersey, Charlene Brown, a spokesman for the Department of Human Services, said, ''Poor people are just now starting to feel the cuts, and they don't really have much of a voice.''
Rand won the battle, partly because his handicap was rather more generous and partly because of good defense on the diagramed deal, from the final session.
There see ms to be a temptation tosee poets who lived through the war and who w rite about it as heroic figures - witnesses who have carried burning words out of the moral wilderness.
Perhaps the most well-known thyroid disorder results from the workings of this feedback mechanism: endemic goiter, an overgrowth of the thyroid which occurs throughout the world in regions where there is insufficient iodide in the soil and water.
In a telephone interview before the meeting at Chrysler headquarters in the Detroit enclave of Highland Park, the civil rights leader skirted the issue of a boycott of Chrysler products but said, ''Obviously, we will trade with people who trade with us.''
Mike O'Koren and James Bailey, both of whom alternated between productive and chaotic spurts during the season, appear likely to remain as front-line backups.
''He sat young players with older ones,'' said Mr. Warkow, ''so that one learned from the other.''
The way Americans eat now may be largely the result of what French chefs call their ''batterie de cuisine.''
they could get nowhere else.
agreed to open talks with General Motors and Ford with the aim of reducing wages and benefits.
Nov. 8-11 - The New Orleans Saints vote, 45-1, with one abstention, to accept the owners' offer in principle.
But writers who take this path too often fall into the trap of believing that their job is done once they've selected their hero's or heroine's affliction.
Law School, as supporting the school's ''moral position'' on the issue and adding: ''We simply believe that sexual preference is not job-related.''
Dr. George Habash is a leader considered more radical than Mr. Arafat.
It's gray -half devils and half angels.
Curiously, it is the first biography to do so.
Anatoly P. Zotov, who was accused of spying, the spokesman said.
Nevertheless, the team that once seemed like the best minor league team playing in the majors has shown remarkable improvement since the last time the Yankees visited the Metrodome.
With four lines in operation, the Islanders got their first goal from Wayne Merrick at 3 minutes 23 seconds after the opening faceoff.
White House officials seem genuinely to believe that Mr. Reagan will run and that he is sending signals of his intentions.
Green said his ''momentum was broken'' and Fletcher escaped.
Ron Gardenhire of the Mets did it Tuesday night, and the odds against him were even greater than that: He was a rookie batting eighth in the lineup, he was hitting only .239, he was swinging right-handed against a right-handed power pitcher for one of the strongest teams in baseball and he had only 23 hits in his last 44 games, and none of those was a home run or even a triple.
Both the lids and the jars are dishwasher-safe.
No black dancer has ever been chosen for the Rockettes, although several have auditioned.
Farce demands a fluffiness and an insanity that does not come across here.
He made fact and fancy, dream and reality, change places in such a way that we never know where we are.
During his stay there under the supervision of Sammy Ellis, the Yankees' Class AAA pitching coach, last year's American League Rookie of the Year gave up 11 runs, eight of them earned, on 19 hits, walked 11 and struck out 33.
The recording of interview sessions is a long-standing practice of Mr. Reagan and of many other politicians.
So East will try to engineer His side a diamond ruff.
The controversy has led to a situation where now the concerns are really out of proportion to the real significance.
By early this year, when the site was turned over to the Energy Department, the cost was estimated at $400 million.
But some obvious differences are also apparent.
Since then, an electrified fence has been installed around the mansion and guards are on duty 24 hours a day.
Mr. Brezhnev's attitude toward expressions of dissent in the Soviet Union was firm.
Mayor Byrne is still taking no chances.
A major concern of an owner is the reliability of the tenant.
''The capital of the Confederacy has been slow to change, but we are becoming more aggressive,'' he said with a smile.
Bar Dexter finished second, two lengths in front of Fit to Fight.
One of his most famous canvases, ''The Virgin'' (1893), depicting an All-American maiden swathed neck to toe in a golden toga, striding purposefully forward, each hand clasping that of an angelic child, is in Washington's Freer Gallery of Art (the industrialist Charles Lang Freer, a Thayer patron, helped keep the wolf from the artist's door).
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Mr. Persad, however, said he believed the solar system provided a larger percentage of the needed heat.
This practice has outraged many dealers, both here and in New York, and has caused grumbling among museum directors.
''But we think Clare can handle it and we wouldn't want to deprive her of the experience.''
Thomas DaCosta Kaufmann, curator of the show and an assistant professor in the university's department of art and archeology, naturally has his reasons for so identifying the drawings, and these he sets forth in the fully illustrated catalogue.
One of his quirks is that he doesn't expect his riders to sacrifice themselves for one star, the way Renault-Elf-Gitanes does for Hinault.
According to official intelligence reports, the regime was threatened by labor radicals, intellectuals and businessmen.
Or could there be a double-standard at work?
Mr. Grasso, who is 66 years old, is a retired school superintendent in East Hartford.
Semiconductor chips are pieces of silicon on which integrated circuits are printed.
The prime rate is the base from which banks compute the interest rate they charge on loans to their trusted business clients, although many large corporations are able to obtain loans at rates below the prime.
Readers are invited to send written questions about travel to Q & A, Travel Section, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
Politics The Democratic Party's rise in popularity can be traced to the Irish influx in the 1840's.
As he fishes one of the ''re-elect Congressman Joseph P. Addabbo'' combs from a cardboard box in the trunk, Mr. Addabbo suggests that the opposition is straining when it says that, because some of his contributors are defense contractors, the car is subsidized by ''special interests.''
If the oranges plucked in academe are mashed into a concoction that tastes like Kool-Ade, why bother?
Sokys Atom, an Albatross colt, is owned by the Sokys Farms of Toronto.
A first printing of 100,000 copies was in the racks by late March, and it has since become necessary to go back to press twice, bringing the total to 225,000.
(Children and the elderly pay $3.50).
Stabler, who will be 37 years old on Christmas Day, joined the Saints Aug. 24 as a free agent after 10 years with the Oakland Raiders and two with the Houston Oilers, who released him July 16.
Nothing in the realm of television mythology has quite endured like the mystique of the live presentation.
THEN there are the publishers.
The Villa Taverna project got under way a little over a year ago, Mrs. Rossi said, when she and her husband were entertained at the Embassy by Ambassador Rabb.
Place slice on buttered baking sheet.
If the $4,000 maximum credit exceeds the amount the homeowner owes the Government, the difference is credited to the following year's tax bill.
Of those who received their doctorates in 1980, only one-tenth (386 individuals) will find jobs in the ''traditional humanities.''
Corporations need to go beyond the current area of expertise if they are to do something new, and mature companies only move ahead when they break the mold, develop new opportunities or new products.''
Excellent angling for giant bluefish 12 to 15 miles offshore and yellowfin tuna and albacore are being taken farther at sea; shark fishing slow.
The measure died after the Assembly demanded restrictions written into the bill that did not get through the Senate.
''The recovery has been six months away on a rolling basis for 30 months now,'' Mr. Pappert observed.
However, it is the weekly ''wash'' that probably provides the most frequent and popular social activity for the volunteers.
Shreveport, La., $11 million, rated single-A.
Under the old system, a five-member commission selected one of its members to serve as Mayor.
Even Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher was said to be 'sad' about it.
Unable to move well, Hostetler caused the first break of the game when he fumbled trying to twist and avoid a big rush in the first quarter.
But when the institute issued its 426-page ''Principles of Corporate Governance and Structure: Restatement and Recommendations,'' the corporate world was horrified.
The department required Northeast Utilities, which owns 60 percent of the plant, to include the estimate in its application for $139.3 million in higher rates.
As founder and president of the Institute for Rewriting Indian History, the former official, P.N.
More important still, we need new metaphors and models to stitch these terms together into a sensible, coherent, memorable whole.''
Instead, the collective has opted for a stress on formulas that deal with questions that have already received their answers.
''I didn't take it,'' she says, ''because I was an idle tick.''
The shooting occurred at 5612 Farragut Road near the Glenwood Apartments, said Sgt.
Tom Secco, an English and philosophy instructor, added that class participation could be especially important to career-oriented students.
''Earl seems a lot happier now,'' he said.
The House voted to go to conference with the Senate on the Senate's $99 billion revenue bill without passing its own separate measure.
Officials said that the blaze in the Crown Heights section had been set deliberately.
One out later, Lynch gave up a run-scoring single to Pete Rose, who ran his league-leading hitting streak to 21 games and then was removed from the game for Len Matuszek with the Phillies leading, 8-0.
Haig's View Is Disavowed Subsequent admissions by the Administration cast serious doubt on whether the evidence in the paper was valid, but the Adminstration did not back away from its judgment about substantial Cuban involvement.
He joined Honeywell, Inc., and rapidly rose to the top, becoming chief executive officer from 1964 to 1967.
The auction offered 1,074 coins from the late collector's holdings, in a sale that had brought $7.2 million by late Thursday night.
But because there had not been a report of a burglary, the police could not hold them.
Peter V. Mastin of the Federal Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms Bureau said the agents were among 45 investigators temporarily transferred to southern Florida.
The hearings on Monday before the Energy and Commerce Committee will mark the first time that any nonagricultural Congressional committee has had an opportunity to decide upon a piece of legislation involving the futures trading commission.
But there was New York before Miss Waitz could ponder her future.
The story is about Chuck Lumley (Henry Winkler), a milquetoast of a morgue supervisor.
The benefit for the new Soviet leadership is obvious.
The court, after summarizing a number of recent cases involving publishing and writers, concluded: ''The teaching of these cases is that for a defamatory statement or statements made about a character in a fictional work to be actionable the description of the fictional character must be so closely akin to the real person claiming to be defamed that a reader of the book, knowing the real person, would have no difficulty linking the two.
However, in the case of the anonymous ''Frances Wimans Finley,'' it's only the sitter's mobcap and ruffled bodice that date the work to 1805-1810; the incisive drawing and the ''washes'' of bright color could be the work of someone who had seen Modiglianis.
Tucker vice president for drilling and president of the Rosamond Drilling Company Inc., a unit.
Lauren is still a bit pudgy with baby fat and is apt to get food caught in her teeth braces.
Some bills got hours of debate but passed only one house.
The study found that taxpayers with annual salaries over $50,000 account for 19 percent of the adjusted gross income reported to the Internal Revenue Service but would get 33.4 percent of the benefits from the tax breaks reviewed.
Yet ''El Salvador'' has a melody and chorus catchy enough to sing in the shower.
The grants, named for Senator Claiborne Pell, Democrat of Rhode Island, go to poor students, who can receive a maximum of ,800 a year under current law.
It was the third consecutive monthly gain and the biggest increase since the end of 1980.
This is a novel of fierce intelligence by a novelist in metaphysical despair.
Datapoint's announcement was made after the close of trading on the New York exchange.
Across town, in the hushed atmosphere of a Lenox Hill Hospital room, John Davidson rooted for the Rangers last night, too.
In the letter written in response to an inquiry from the newpaper, Mr. Hinckley said he found ''it a little absurd'' that psychiatrists for the prosecution and defense had such opposing views about his sanity.
The commission is in fact pessimistic that it can come about, calling it ''a not very likely prospect.''
He had been attending a talent show at the school Friday evening.
But never in the present tense.
American intelligence sources said the immediate Iranian objective appeared to be the Iraqi border town of Mandali.
I believe New York State and New York City have failed in that essential first purpose.
''We tell them it's a privilege to be on the same field with a pro offense like them.
The loss placed extra pressure on Brent Gaff, who was promoted from the Class-AAA team on Monday and arrived yesterday bursting with enthusiasm about his scheduled start tonight against the Giants and his chance of earning a long-term job.
Council leaders had hoped that all Council positions could be filled then, but Judge Neaher's ruling blocks any at-large contests this year.
During the long march, his column suffered no casualties and one woman gave birth, he said.
Chavoor said he had to offer incentives to get Spitz to work out.
This was a much more difficult year for corporate earnings than the earnings statements will show.
Mr. Heekin said that the agency was so well capitalized that they were also negotiating to buy either or both of two agencies in the $20 million to $40 million class.
This terminology has led some Solidarity supporters to conclude that the Government is about to formally dissolve the union, which until now has been placed in suspension, or to disband its current leadership.
Weaknesses - That offensive line may provide Nielsen with an excuse to cry.
President Reagan was interrupted in mid-speech by a Republican heckler at the White House and bluntly told the man, ''Shut up!''
Mr. Frank, a 42-year-old liberal Democrat, has campaigned hard to tie her to the President's economic policies.
''The brutal attack is enough to prove to the peace advocates of the United Nations and other organizations that peace cannot be established in the region except through the downfall'' of President Saddam Hussein of Iraq.
The profiles are cool and spare.
Insurance companies acted somewhat faster, some creating their own investigative units early in the 1970's; today almost every major company has one.
Her answer went immediately into a frame, but I took it out 15 or 20 times a day for some weeks afterwards, in order to hold the precious piece of paper in my hands.
Revolving credit includes credit cards issued by commercial banks, retail stores and gasoline companies.
The 13-year-old girl from Batavia, N.Y., looked a trifle uneasy as she said, ''I'll have to get used to a new school and new friends.
And the science was military.
Fourth-quarter earnings for Federated Department Stores rose 6.9 percent, while the net for Allied Stores rose 5.8 percent and that for Carter Hawley Hale slipped 24.8 percent.
The first, called all-in-one and started in 1977, includes recreational vehicle, mobile home and small boat coverage in addition to homeowner and automobile insurance.
It will also get a minimum of $8.5 million for the network-television rights to the film.
There are around 80 settlements, with upwards of 25,000 people in them.
United formerly charged $250 for the Chicago-Newark round trips and $230 Chicago-New York.
Cracow's Lenin Steel Works is a monument to the kind of economic planning Poland's reformers most want to change.
Added Michele Preston, an analyst at Cyrus J. Lawrence: ''I'm not satisfied with the explanation.
But what he does know is that he does not want to return to Pakistan.
Do I have more power as a senior lady Senator than I do being somebody's second with no vote?''
Critically, his track record is less impres sive.
The diplomat's wife, Jungae Hwang - whose husband is the deputy counsel general from South Korea - and another woman, identified as Mrs. C. S. Park, were robbed of their jewelry and $2,000 in cash in the elevator of the Helmsley Palace, at Madison Avenue and 50th Street, at about 8:30 P.M. Saturday, according to the police.
Furthermore, Mr. Zeffirelli, who both designed and directed the Met production, crams so much naturalistic detail into his stage picture that one's attention is continually deflected away from the intimacies being exchanged by the poet and his consumptive neighbor.
SCOA Industries Inc. common; Standard Motor Products Inc. Class A common; Super Valu Stores Inc. common.
What about options on futures?
When the camera malfunctions, or the film is defective or mi@sprocessed, the commercial will have to be reshot - increasingly, and expensively, on location.
John Spellman, who was elected on a pledge not to raise taxes, got a bill through the Legislature just before Christmas raising the sales tax 5.5 percent from 4.5.
It held that Sumitomo was covered by the treaty, but that it might nonetheless be entitled to give preferences to Japanese executives within the scope of Title VII.
Lendl has agreed to accept a $10,000 fine and membership suspension from A.T.P.
In what they asserted to be the first ''clear'' case of Presidential budget impoundment since the Nixon era, a diverse coalition of members of Congress, individuals and interest groups sued the Reagan Administration today to force the release of $21.8 million to finance the Solar Energy and Energy Conservation Bank.
Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization blasted more holes in their tattered south Lebanon cease-fire last week, but both still seemed to prefer a safety net with holes to no net at all.
As the door shuts, I hear the housekeeper coughing in the background.
But this was a cast where everyone had essential roles, including the mime parts for Kirsten Simone's infatuated countess, in love with Gert, and Niels Bjorn Larsen's patient alchemist.
Its present level is 38,000.
Mr. Davis's suit, in which he has been joined by the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum Commission, contends that when the league's other owners voted to keep the team in Oakland, they formed a conspiracy and acted in restraint of trade.
YONKERS LUCIEN FONTAINE, one of North America's most successful harnesshorse race drivers, wanted to be a milkman when he was a youth.
''Then he said, 'I will count one, two, three, and you should all be out.'
In 1978 none of us projected the state the economy would be in 1982.
But Germany, the biggest maker of these products, had declined to go along with its partners until today, when its negotiators won concessions that will be presented to the Cabinet in Bonn.
Even though arrests can be made only for criminal trespass, many potential burglars are stopped in advance, according to Detective Lazar.
Stamford's Town Center, the 900,000-square-foot indoor shopping mall, in which half the tenants, or 50 stores including Laura Ashley, Jaeger, Kron Chocolatier, Parfumerie Douglas, Scandinavian Gallery, F.A.O.
They argue that service is terrible and that until it gets better they are not likely to lend a sympathetic ear to Mr. Ravitch.
There's a feeling that if kids are bright, they can fend for themselves.
If the question of declaring Poland to be in default were merely a financial issue, it appears that the answer would be a unanimous ''no.''
''Don't worry,'' he said in an interview with The New York Times last week.
If Amy's school board were forced to hire a sign-language interpreter for $15,000 annually, it would not have that $15,000 to help other handicapped children, the blind, the crippled, the mentally retarded.
The risks of the veto were highlighted by a comment from the House.
The company cited a symposium it sponsored yesterday that included discussions of the possible side effects of Benoxaprofen, Lilly's new anti-arthritic drug.
For the United States, Charles M. Lichenstein said the document would ''afford every other state, including totalitarian states, an unconditional veto over this form of broadcasting.''
He said the possible attacks would seek to disrupt the start of harvesting of Nicaragua's major coffee crop in December, an important source of currency for the Government.
''I am not ashamed of my age, but I don't believe it,'' she said.
It fulfills a commitment undertaken three years ago, at the signing of the peace treaty between Israel and Egypt, in the hope that it would change not only the face of the Middle East, but eventually the underlying dynamics that have brought only war to the region for the last generation.
I remember, too, a water taxi that had been a rumrunner.
And almost as important, can British ground forces equipped with surface-to-air and surfaceto-surface missiles for use against enemy aircraft and tanks overcome numerical inferiority to defeat a larger force?
Joe Szymonik, a meat and livestock analyst in Chicago with Cargill Investor Services, said cash prices are expected to remain firm and could continue advances during today's session.
By late in the day, prices of long-term Bell subsidiary debentures had fallen 2 1/2 points, or $25 per $1,000 debenture, compared with a one-point decline for the long-term bond market in general.
Lackluster appetizers included the seafood salad, the thick and tough raw beef carpaccio and both the hot and cold antipasti.
Privately, senior Soviet officials have acknowledged that the Kremlin has had misgivings about its out-of-hand rejection of the ''deep cuts'' proposal that former Secretary of State Cyrus R. Vance brought to Moscow in 1977, probably because they feel that accepting the Vance approach could have halted the Reagan defense build-up before it started.
''The Soviets have shifted to other countries as a preferred source for grain,'' said Martin Abel, senior vice president at Schnittker Associates, a consulting firm based in Washington.
It is not only because microbes are ubiquitous in our environment, and therefore must be studied for the sake of human welfare.
Economic policies that rely on concentration of wealth to stimulate investment are misguided and can only serve to prolong the recession.
Their latest film is the fifth Miss Andrews and Mr. Edwards have made together, and the actress says she likes working with her husband for a variety of reasons.
Finally, an alternative approach to curbing expenditures warrants consideration.
The Republican committee paid $25,000 for the use of a studio at the United States Chamber of Commerce building across Lafayette Park from the White House, the use of a broadcasting dish antenna in Virginia and the time on the communications satellite that beamed the picture and sound of the President to receiving dishes at the various locations.
Sperry's chairman and chief executive officer, Gerald G. Probst, said Sperry officials and members of a management group led by Theodore N. Duncan, president of Sperry Vickers, were drafting an agreement under which Mr. Duncan's group would buy the division.
Mr. Marino said the agents knew of his closeness to Mr. Silano.
OnSundays, thei r adherents move conspicuously in groups through the white suburbs , carrying religious banners.
It was about 50 feet away, and Michel Larocque, Toronto's goaltender appeared to be screened on the play.
But Government lawyers said that they would ask for some formal hearing anyway to bar technical legal defects in his commitment.
Though the punny title has a political ring, not to worry.
Before he was elected to the Legislature in 1967, he spent 15 years as a teacher and coach in rural schools and in a small private black college.
Begin's culture represents only part of the Israeli political environment.
The Cosmos soccer team moved to Giants Stadium in 1977, and basketball's Nets went to Byrne Meadowlands Arena when it opened last year.
Two years ago a similar number of pharmacists and pharmacies were charged with the same crimes.
He said there ''possibly'' could be releases of radiation if the gas ignited, but added, ''We don't expect it to.''
Although some concerns have hybrid plans that allow their stockholders to buy either newly issued shares or on the open market, corporations can raise new funds only through the former method.
With the church lighted, they now can see that the purple drapes have been replaced by white ones.
Nor does it adequately explain Mr. Carter's fateful decision to admit the ailing, deposed Shah of Iran, then in exile in Mexico, to the United States for medical treatment.
The first of three Thursday lectures on gardens will be held tonight at 8:30 P.M. Tickets are $10.50 for the series, $4 for individual lectures ($3 for students, the elderly and children).
It never should have been made.
A final contract will require a public hearing and the approval of the M.T.A.
Starring a little-known actor named John Duttine, who has won top British awards for his performance, the portrait of a Welsh teacher at a remote but still privileged school for boys in England is absolutely enthralling.
He flew to Los Angeles to appear at the Old-Timers' Day game in Dodger Stadium.
They call this a ''feedback effect.''
Mrs. Clark, a petite, soft-spoken woman, smiled broadly as she recalled that this morning, she told her husband that she had wondered whether, since he had an artificial heart, ''he might not love us.''
IN fact, speculation is rife that Mr. Kaplan has become bored with the company and is ready to sell it.
Rates will go up 10 to 15 percent on June 30 (805-963-0744).
He is a former dean of the School of Architecture at the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and at the University of California in Los Angeles.
The form, while entertaining, seems to occlude the possibilities of the content.
In Queens, a celebration with music, dance, food and a photography exhibition is planned Sunday from 2 to 8 P.M. at Bohemian Hall, 29-19 24th Avenue, Astoria.
At the moment, he is designing in two directions.
You just can't replace a Syrian occupation with an Israeli occupation and call it a free Lebanon.''
The negotiations have reached a most sensitive step.
To the Editor: Edward Munves Jr., former president of the National Antique and Art Dealers Association, argues that ''an illicit trade in works of art can only thrive when there is no legitimate trade'' (letter Aug. 21).
General Nimeiry, who led a group of officers and civilians that seized power in 1969 and who has been President since 1971, attended the tempestuous meeting only at its opening and closing sessions, but followed speeches on closed-circuit television from an office nearby.
''So anyone you hear that's a liberal columnist, you feel they're not in the know as much as somebody who's conservative.''
Open placements, and open adoptions allowing continued communication between birth and adoptive families, are options that some agencies now provide in various states.
The Reagan Administration also wanted to preserve provisions transferring administrative authority to governors, and transferring local program planning authority to private industry councils.
''The Dalkey Archive'' was first published in Great Britain in 1964 by MacGibbon & Kee.
Citibank and about 25 other American banks hold a large loan that they granted Dome last year for a takeover of the Hudson's Bay Oil and Gas Company.
The latest blow came when the Exxon Corporation and the Tosco Corporation announced an end to their Colony Oil Shale Project in western Colorado, the centerpiece of a synthetic fuels industry that has been plagued with problems from the beginning, and whose ambitions had already been drastically scaled back.
Pensioners, they insist, should not be punished because wages have not kept up with consumer prices.
The United States intelligence community has privately asserted for at least a decade that Israel has built a nuclear weapon, if not actually assembled one.
In this modest town of 11,287, reaction to the Manville Corporation's filing for bankruptcy could hardly be more mixed.
In London, a British pound cost $1.7043 late Monday, the lowest rate since Aug. 17 and down from Friday's $1.71525.
Mr. Weinberger also assailed those critics of the Administration's policy who have protested against provisions that call for the United States to ''prevail'' in nuclear war by ending the conflict on terms favorable to the United States and with some nuclear weapons intact.
Instead of each victim of a widespread fraud or disaster bringing a separate lawsuit, Rule 23 permitted all the victims to gather into one class to try their claims in one large legal action.
Yet, when Mr. Liddy spoke on precisely the same subjects at the University of Denver, no one complained.
Publishers do, but that is just one more reason why the old question so often arises: What exactly, other than absent-mindedness, can the publishing industry and writers ever have imagined they had in common?
Eshete, an Ethiopian and a graduate of City College, covered the 3.1-mile run in 15 minutes 32.4 seconds.
The Peugeot car, going 80 kilometers an hour, pulled alongside a car driven by Robert Oubron, 70 years old and four times the world champion in cyclocross, who was escorting three Americans.
Miss Henley, who considers ''The Wake of Jamey Foster'' a better play than ''Crimes of the Heart,'' said she was more nervous about the opening of her new play than she was about her other one: ''Last time, I was dumb and didn't know what to expect.
TITUSVILLE Open Air Theater Washington Crossing State Park Thurs.
Steven Kramer's family may be exceptional in their candor, but not in their experience.
''It's not unusual for a girl to earn $25,000 a year,'' said Cindy Peiffer, 33, of Cape Elizabeth, Maine, one of the Rockettes' three representatives to their union, the American Guild of Variety Artists.
Italy's Treasury Ministry liquidated Banco Ambrosiano on Aug. 6 and named a group of seven banks to take it over.
'Now is the winter of our discontent made glorious summer by this son of York' may or may not have been uttered by Richard III,'' - but it didn't matter, because Richard III was dead by the time Shakespeare was writing.
Mr. Singer expanded on the point: ''Art is still considered an extra in daily life.
So I think there's a synergistic effect.
The legal challenge charged that it was not a proper county matter.
Five former jockeys - Jose Amy, Jaime Arellano, Eddie Belmonte, Errico and Benjamin Feliciano - have been barred from riding for either giving or receiving bribes in these races.
Prices are low, and a copious dinner can be had for $10 to $12 a person, including tip but not drinks.
West California 85 65 .567 - Kansas City 84 66 .560 1 Chicago 79 70 .530 5 1/2 CALIFORNIA (12) - Home (5): Last night, T onight, Kansas City; O ct. 1, 2, 3, Texas.
- In another narrow vote, the Senate agreed with the Appropriations Committee to allow Federal workers to use health benefits to pay for abortions.
But we will end it - the process has already begun and we'll see its effect as the year goes on.
''The kids and Gaylord shoot at it.
The theme of the show was that Soldiarty began as the protector of an illegal opposition and ended up being enslaved to it.
Officials today lifted most of the wateruse restrictions imposed on the 300,000 customers of the Jersey City Water Department on Saturday, but left in place, at least temporarily, the requirement that all drinking water be boiled for five minutes.
Thus, he said, Marine need not react as quickly to changes in rates on interbank funds or on large certificattes of deposit.
The Administration wanted to insure that United States interests not be inhibited by the treaty if the exploitation of seabed minerals became economically feasible.
On the other hand, Mary Lyons, an executive secretary at Hill Management and Croyden Management, took an intensive course every night for a week that cost her employer $325.
A controversy arose when 13 of the property owners rejected the state's monetary offer, according to Richard Ryan, the department's real-estate director in Stony Brook.
Rutgers came to Giants Stadium today with more skills than the Army team could handle, and the Scarlet pounded out a 24-3 victory before a crowd of 28,431.
''I wish I had a nickel for every time someone told me, 'Don't worry, it's on the truck.'
I was one of them.''
The Vermont Democrat, who is not an experienced rider, is still wearing a back brace.
It is around that issue, the governors say, that the matter may be resolved.
Housing Subsidy Led to First Veto The President first vetoed an $8.9 billion spending bill that included $3 billion for housing subsidies that he regarded as inflationary and preferential toward the housing industry.
We have built single-family homes on our lower West Side and in the inner city.
Well-run CETA programs routinely cooperate in join ventures with other agencies to break down barriers to employment and produce productive working citizens.
8 SURRENDER TO LOVE, by Rosemary Rogers.
''For some reason, Ed Garvey doesn't want them to strike.''
''The turnout of volunteer workers has been tremendous,'' says Mr. Doyle.
That's the reason we got by so long.''
But a freeze - a negotiated, balanced, verifiable freeze -may, like all previous treaty attempts, take an unacceptably long time to negotiate.
Michael D. Landreth performed the ceremony.
I'd rather wear a bag over my head.''
I've been doing it for 20 years and Tilton Pluff is one of my favorites.
According to Mr. Coppenbarger, immigration officials seldom seek to penalize offenders because of the bureaucratic complexities involved.
The contrasting attitude toward cars in the United States and Japan is perhaps best captured in the way they are sold in the two countries.
Monothematicism and thematic variation are all well and good, but not when the themes and harmonies seem static without expressive purpose and the orchestral dress, monochromatic.
If a managerial crisis develops this season, Gene Michael is the obvious standby; he's already under contract to succeed Bob Lemon next year.
The younger Mr. MacArthur, who became a millionaire himself through a commemorative-plate business, wanted to set up a unique grant program, unlike the traditional Ford or Rockefeller plans.
''You don't need an exploratory committee when you're a United States Senator,'' he replied frankly.
Paul J. Glascow, president of Glascow Products, a Long Island engineering firm, speculated that the organizations might have a harder time finding unpaid volunteers to do the committee work, because they might fear legal action.
SOL HURWITZ Senior Vice President Committee for Economic Development New York, April 21, 1982
He really believed he could influence things through the political system.
Pabst, which has agreed to acquire the Olympia Brewing Company of Tumwater, Wash., opposes the Jacobs bid and said today that as a result of a lawsuit it had already filed, a Federal judge in Delaware on Wednesday had blocked at least for now the proposed acquisition.
When they do badly, I tell them they raced well and it wasn't their fault.
Connecticut, meanwhile, held its primary last week.
Article I, Section 8, of the Constitution states: ''The Congress shall have the power .
Any oversight of free speech is not the role of government.''
Moreover, the minister said that the author's appearance will mark the first time that Mr. Singer, the son and grandson of rabbis, has ever been a featured speaker in a Christian church.
Readable and interesting these books may be, but serious they are not.
''It was very candid,'' a Heublein spokesman said.
The Defense Minister also reportedly told Mr. Draper that Israel was the only party decisive enough to move swiftly to salvage the situation after the assassination of Mr. Gemayel.
He said he wanted to spare The News ''further embarrassment'' following the disclosure that he had ''reconstructed'' an event he had not witnessed in a way that sounded as though he had been present.
Greece said Wednesday that it would not take part in any further NATO military exercises because of what it called Turkish violations of Greek airspace.
Decision on Final Total Delayed At a news conference, Mr. Vogel said the Government decision, likely to be made within a week, would be preliminary to a final decision on whether to grant a request from Telefunken for the Government to guarantee bank loans worth $617.5 million that the company is seeking to finance a major restructuring.
''They had had so many Americans telling them what they ought to do that they were happy to have some Americans come and ask for advice,'' said Mr. Wallach, who went on the trip despite his blindness because he says he can ''pick it up pretty quick'' from the descriptions.
Where the Administration once predicted economic growth of 4.2 percent for this year, its latest tentative estimate is that growth will be closer to zero; the recovery that was to blossom this month is off until fall.
ANTIQUE clothing is, of course, the antithesis of what Seventh A venue is all about, which is something new every season.
A company spokesman said that it was Mr. DuBain's idea to retire early.
Enough to build a campus?
Sam Waterston Ann Walton .
''I know what Venturi shot the last day.''
An oval sidetable of black walnut and bird's-eye maple, measuring 15 inches by 22 inches by 25 inches, with an inlaid top that slides away to reveal a hidden compartment, was made by Christopher Dane and sells for $320.
The present rate is 6.7 percent each for worker and employer.
Performances will be in the Brooklyn Academy's Helen Owen Carey Playhouse tonight and tomorrow, and next Tuesday through Sunday, Oct. 24, at 8 P.M., with 2 P.M. shows Saturdays and on Sunday.
He said there were ''many ways to serve.''
Since then, the task has become weight ier still.
His appointment is seen at the station as something of an experiment.
She said she can diagnose and treat psychological problems as effectively as her peers.
West Broadway Continue west on Thomas Street to West Broadway, passing 62 Thomas on the left, a white-painted cast-iron building from 1867.
Ozy Froats, and dozy doats And little Lambsie divy they used to sing of Ozias.
The workers pushed away the boulders covering part of the twisted wreckage and slowly began to extract the body.
Stanley Perryman was her excellent partner, easily handling the lifts -with Miss Allen horizontal across his neck.
New York: Holt, Rinehart & Winston.
Sergeant Lopez, in addition to letters to the playwrights from overseas duty stations, reviewed a draft of the final script and suggested alterations.
Pop music from the Third World, especially Africa, is also enjoying increased exposure.
He had the endorsement of another segregationist, Gov.
''Their big people, Robert Parish in particular, took off and our big people just let him walk over us Parish scored 10 points in the first quarter, running away from us and when that happens it hurts.''
Just make the yogurt with whole milk, let it sit in a cheesecloth and drain off the whey, and soon you have yogurt cheese.
A fresh account of the events culminating in the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.
But that still doesn't answer the question - how could nine voters not mark the square next to Henry Aaron's name on their ballot?
Mrs. Treco, until recently an associate in the merger and acquisition group of the First Boston Corporation in New York, was graduated from the Emma Willard School and magna cum laude from Harvard College and recently received a master's degree from the Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration.
He is John Dallow, 51, who was closely involved in the successful ending of the siege at the Iranian Embassy in London two years ago.
From 1919 to 1925 he was assistant director of the Wall Street division of New York University's School of Commerce.
Call From a Friend ''Coach Michaels told me he was calling as a friend,'' said Ray.
The Committee on Energy and Commerce failed to complete work on the bill last week, but will resume consideration Wednesday.
Some of the most popular products are single-premium deferred annuities, which were recently offering yields of 10 to 12 percent.
Barbara Sieck Taylor's red suit and shoes added a piquant touch to the solo.
Webster, who continued to excel at times on defense but also continued to have problems on offense, has one year remaining on his guaranteed pact.
Gen. Amran Mitzma, commander of the staff college, asked Thursday to be relieved of his duties ''in view of recent events in Beirut,'' the army spokesman announced.
The language always needs a word one rank higher, and as soon as we get it, we start dragging it down.
One of the members of the 1954 championship team, the one that brought so much pride and good feeling, was not so sure the turnaround could take place.
A heavy Israeli strike and perhaps a massive invasion is expected any day.
as representatives of the Palestinian people?
Roscoe L. Egger Jr., the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service, set the stage by reviewing an earlier estimate that unpaid taxes on legal activities - what is now called the ''underground economy'' - had tripled from $29 billion in 1973 to $87 billion in 1981.
It is staging a party tonight and Saturday, downtown, underground.
He traveled, some believe, in the company of a short, mysterious black man who really pulled his strings.
The escapee, 23-year-old Carlos Rivera, surrendered without a struggle when Brooklyn detectives assigned to investigate the breakout seized him at 13-34 Caffrey Avenue.
The judges critical eyes check over the entries several times during the growing season to see if the novelty varieties are better than their established competitors.
Others are critical of the organization that finances many of Mr. Newport's trips: the World Peace Council, a foundation that President Reagan recently characterized as being ''bought and paid for by the Soviet Union.''
The star of these is the centerpiece of the Egyptian service, now on display in its entirety for the first time in a specially built, 22-foot-long case that runs down the center of the room.
That means a fierce pass rusher could be drafted, too.
Landscaped gardens with a gazebo overlooking Nassau Harbor.
However, I don't know if that would have changed anything, and that's his point.''
For now, it is enough to know the better berries are on the way.
When I told him Montana didn't live there, he replied that he also had homes in Texas, Aspen, Colo., and San Francisco.
The Archbishop, who has been an outspoken critic of the Sandinist Government, has supported the priest.
''Within five years, that number will be reduced to between four and six bank-holding companies,'' Mr. Nell said.
He Worked Crossword Puzzles Mr. Prime has been charged under Section 1 of the Official Secrets Act with communicating information calculated or intended to be useful to an enemy for purposes prejudicial to the safety and interests of the state.
Some American analysts believe that China is also acting out of frustration with the United States' relatively cautious reaction to the Chinese desire for a strategic relationship.
It's good to have some players people don't see much.''
That is for Congress to p ass new legislation forbidding tax exemptions for schools that di scriminate.
I was tired of that.''
As her somewhat woozy Dad notes, ''Not knowing when to quit is the best thing about you, kiddo.''
But there is an irony in the criticism and the skepticism.
agreed to assume the bulk of the loans and put the deposits and bank on the block.
''We have a lot of people who are not educated beyond the primary grades, and they can't understand a lot of things about their lives and what opportunities are available to them.
Mr. Goodman, who is 72 years old, sat on a small sofa reserved for him in front of a little Victorian bouquet and was shielded by a security man who discouraged at least some of the men and women who lined up to shake his hand.
Some good texts, in order of their publication, are James F. Brady's ''Modern Turkey Hunting'' (Crown), ''The Education of a Turkey Hunter'' (Winchester Press) by William Hanenkrat, Dave Harbour's ''Hunting the American Wild Turkey'' (Stacpole), and ''The Book of the Wild Turkey'' (Winchester Press) by Lovett E. Williams Jr.
But the January figure, he added, is ''not inconsistent with the forecasts of a second-quarter recovery in the economy.''
Spare a thought for John Block and Richard Lyng, one racked by doubt, the other by an awesome fear.
The comparisons were fascinating, Mozart's unthinking technical mastery soaring gracefully beyond Mendelssohn's sometimes labored declamatory style, but Mendelssohn's Andante exuding a grown-up Romantic passion that made its companion sound childlike in its innocence.
Fractional Tax Rise Seen Mr. Carey's aides indicated that the sales-tax increase would be inthe range of one-half cent on the dollar, though they added that the amount was st ill under discussion.
Franklin Thomas, now the president of the Ford Foundation, remembers that when Robinson joined the Dodgers there was ''sheer electricity'' in Bedford Stuyvesant, where he lived.
I tried not to look, but I couldn't help it: in fact, both of them were stark naked.''
He is being honored at 5:45 P.M. today at the Songwriters Hall of Fame, 1 Times Square, at West 42d Street.
Most of the Argentine Navy is in port, under the defense of Argentina's air cover, Argentine military sources said.
But by then, Moreland had hit his third home run of the new season, and the Mets never made up the difference because Bill Campbell pitched two perfect innings of relief for Chicago at the close.
When a homeowners' association develops, could it force me to remove them?...
Miss Somogi ultimately came to Frankfurt and, in January, 1981, made her debut with the company conducting ''Madama Butterfly.''
Although the combined efforts of the three California artists were represented in a prestigious exhibition of enameling in Washington last month, Vitti is the first gallery in the East to introduce a body of their work.
agents trailing him, Mr. LeBron was directed to nine pay phones, seven in Roosevelt Field and two in the East Meadow area, about five miles away, Officer Turner said.
''I don't know how to put this delicately,'' she said, ''but the people of Times Beach aren't real sophisticated.''
He was 81 years old.
Warriors on both sides gasp, slump and shudder as they breathe their last, and the very sympathetic Burt Lancaster, as Col. Anthony Durnford, who actually leads the British troops into battle while Lord Chelmsford is conveniently elsewhere, tumbles into a gully as part of his death throes.
will be allowed to enter.
''By mid-January the effects of the economy were being felt by every attraction in California,'' said James Hardiman, manager of public relations at Knott's.
At the same time, the public schools have fewer children simply because of lower birthrates.
Leger the master of the heavy-limbed figure subject is shown over and over again at one time or another in his life.
''Johnny's having a terrific year,'' said Sax.
Moreover, Prime Minister Menachem Begin repeated Israel's claim to eternal sovereignty over the occupied West Bank, notwithstanding the Camp David accord's provision that after a five-year period of Palestinian ''autonomy,'' or self-administration under Israeli occupation, the status of the territory would be resolved in negotiations among Israel, Egypt, Jordan and the Palestinians.
Mr. Cuomo accused Mr. Koch of ''supporting Republicans,'' and Mr. Koch chided Mr. Cuomo for refusing to be bound by the results of their Democratic primary election.
The news directors said that the heavy political schedule - gubernatorial campaigns in New York and Connecticut, United States Senate races in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, as well as a host of lesser contests - had made coverage of any individual race difficult.
While the commissary at Maho is said to be run on a break-even basis, it is still expensive.
Call me altruistic if you wish, but I find a certain amount of dependency on me, by someone I care about, very satisfying.
Gerald Eskenazi's piece on the pre-eminence of Long Island as a reservoir of lacrosse talent mentions Sewanhaka High and its string of 99 victories (''About Long Island'').
They excelled almost by accident - and usually without support - managing to achieve because they were talented, determined, brave, and ambitious.
Mr. Rice adds that apart from its quality, he was also drawn to the score ''because the vocal writing is fine, yet not too difficult for young voices,'' and ''because it is useful for our purposes because there are so many roles.''
Most are in their 30's and 40's.
Plans for two of the plants were canceled, leaving the Washington Public Power Supply System with a debt of $7.4 billion in construction costs and interest payments, and the general program incurred an estimated $24 billion in cost overruns.
B-Including income from discontinued operations of $521,000 for the qr and $3,001,000 for the yr, a gain of $1.5 million for the qr from the sale of the company's remaining interest in the Shinko-Pfaudler affiliate, reductions of $5.8 million for the qr and $6.2 million for the yr resulting from nonrecurr net charges for restructuring costs primarily involving instrum tion manufacturing operations in Europe and relocation expenses for the U.S. dental equipment and consumer products and an incr of $4.7 million for the yr from the sale of assets...C-Includin income from discontinued operations of $1,770,000 for the qr an $3,826,000 for the yr
Shut Down Pair of Pumps Also as a safety step, the operators shut down a pair of pumps that, among other functions, can be used to cool water in the pressure-controlling device and thereby lower the pressure.
No city problem is more conspicuous than the deranged people who wander the streets and camp in public spaces and doorways.
What do they need it for?
One new piece of information in the indictment was an assertion that Mr. De Lorean had turned over all the stock of the De Lorean Motor Company - not half of it, as the Government had maintained earlier - to an undercover agent on Sept. 29 as part of the transaction.
The cabby deposited me two blocks away - traffic congestion ahead.
''It surprised me, frankly, that in this day there should be such fear and trepidation about pleasing the Citadel or displeasing the Citadel,'' he said.
''I'm disappointed, but I understand that the people at Gulf have to do what is appropriate for their shareholders,'' he added.
The flaw in this new life was his violent nightmares about the war, some of which overwhelmed him with rage and frightened his wife and children.
Optimism on Success ''I think it will sell,'' said Allen H. Neuharth, Gannett's president and chairman.
Simplicity paid a 14-cent dividend in March.
Increasing taxi availability relies on improving speed in the midtown core by about 50 percent (roughly going 5 m.p.h.
''Indiana last year had a very poor first quarter,'' said Todd L. Bergman, an analyst with Goldman, Sachs.
Ceramics, textiles and frakturs (marriage and baptismal documents embellished with handsomely lettered and pictorial graphics) support the show's themes with other warm and frequently witty images, not the least of which are the dour-faced soldiers that proved popular motifs on earthenware platters.
In 1976, when the church held a eucharistic congress in Philadelphia, Princess Grace and Prince Rainier were given a special award for conducting an exemplary family life.
Mr. Holmes exclaimed as his attorneys embraced him and as spectators gasped at the verdicts.
Meanwhile, the 49ers and the Cowboys await the National Conference championship game Sunday in San Francisco after the Bengals and the San Diego Chargers meet for the American Conference title in Cincinnati.
The toilet, incidentally, is communal.
A new era has begun in the Garden; Hubie Brown is home.
There are rides and musical shows and a trained animal show, a restored watermill, a trout farm and trout fishing.
He visibly falls in love with Denise Jackson's combative Kate.
Analysts said there was widespread institutional buying as the third quarter neared an end.
The Yankees plan to use Alexander in their starting rotation as soon as he is ready.
Contract Enforcement at Issue More recently, according to union sources and city records, Local 282 failed to enforce the contract with drivers at a prosperous new concrete-supply company on Staten Island that has obtained lucrative subcontracts for work on city sewer projects.
The 5,000-word ministerial declaration was essentially a political document.
In some communities, students begin their education in English without knowing a word of the language.
''But I didn't know how to get any closer.
It carries on the performance, aiming to demonstrate that survival is ethic enough in a lawless world, and that people who master the art are obliged to keep teaching it, to save the planet from both the ignorant and the innocent.
In his meetings with the quarterbacks now, Ray Perkins stares at Scott Brunner for a reaction, simply because Scott Brunner is the starter now.
''People don't like to make hard choices,'' Mr. Gramm said.
Disaster Near the End Levenson, a South African in his second year on the American tour, slipped to a 73-141.
To the Editor: John Russell is a fine art critic, and his article on the Comedie Francaise entitled ''Backstage at a Paris Tradition'' (Travel, Oct. 31) had a good deal of interesting material.
A game of international politics was robbing him and his family of the fruits of their labor, he said.
Broad Conspiracy Reported Officials said two of the 24 indicted were in Federal custody, four were expected to surrender soon and three were at large.
"But I don't understand," he said, "how anyone could be so irresponsible just thinking about himself.
Dr. Edward Fischman, vice president of the Podiatry Society of New York and the podiatry consultant to the Boston Celtics, said: ''Great athletes have flatter feet than normal.
Also shown were jackets in huge, fuzzy blanket plaids and calf-length overcoats.
His father was a senior vice president at Kenyon & Eckhardt, the dvertising agency.
''At first, it was difficult sleeping.
Both discussions -one concerning international storage of plutonium, the other intended insure a guaranteed supply of nuclear fuel for countries that pose no nuclear threat -are said to be faring badly.
When Charley threatens to make Marowitz dig his own grave, he is almost too excited to speak: ''God, this is exciting!
He has one from July 28, 1914, for a supper served to President Poincare on board a battleship returning from a meeting with Czar Nicholas II.
It's not an attempt to hang or whitewash the F.B.I.
Since that time, we have enjoyed an enviable town-gown relationship.
''And now it seems we're about to lose it.''
''To a large extent we have liquidated the burgeoisie as a class, but former property owners continue to live among us and even now still have a sense of their own strength,'' the party official said.
Technology Sector Gains In the technology sector, Hewlett-Packard gained 1 3/4, to 42, while Motorola rose 1 point, to 59. International Business Machines, topping the active list, rose 1/2, to 61 1/2.
B-Including increases of $627,000 or 8 cents a shr for the qr and 1,522,000 or 20 cents a shr for the yr from a change in accounting for foreign currency translations... C-Including unrealized foreign currency translation gains of $887,000 or 16 cents a shr for the qr and $1,262,000 or 23 cents a shr for the yr
Mr. Balanchine followed, also with glass and bottle.
''The way I played, I would have beaten Chris today,'' she said.
* C.I.T. Financial Corp. has named Kikita Zdanow executive vice president-general manager of C.I.T. Corporate Finance.
Monday Sports is on page C12.
Said one Congressional aide, ''Boeing might not have had to seek the Libyan business if it had had more bank support earlier.''
Flushing trains will continue on a normal schedule on the Queens segment of the line, with free transfers to shuttle buses linking Vernon-Jackson with the Grand Central and Fifth Avenue IRT stations.
The new fellowships therefore stress quality and selectivity rather than numbers.
Most everyone knows that Palmer plays out of the Latrobe (Pa.) Country Club and Jack Nicklaus out of Muirfield Village in Dublin, Ohio.
Boris relieved with one out, walked Randolph and hit Dave Collins with a pitch to bring in a run.
Yesterday's loss hurt Columbia's chances for a spot in the N.C.A.A.
Of course flags will fly on July 4.
But Mr. B rett's assured style sees him through.
''We look into cocaine pretty thoroughly because that's where the news value of this program really is,'' says Robert Rogers, the producer of the NBC News White Paper ''Pleasure Drugs: The Great American High,'' which will be telecast Tuesday at 10 P.M. Edwin Newman is the correspondent for the one-hour report.
Nor was it possible, until the last decade or so, for a small group of professional anglers to make a living at the sport via prizes and money and the endorsement and promotion of equipment.
What is surprising is that they chose to pursue their careers in England, which had previously shown a limited appetite for the best French cooking, and that they succeeded so well that they changed the whole character of the restaurant trade in London.
Emerging from a 50-minute briefing from the President and other top Administration officials, the House Speaker, Thomas P. O'Neill Jr., told reporters that ''we're a long way'' from achieving diplomatic agreement for withdrawal of Palestine Liberation Organization military forces from Beirut and a decision on American forces.
Mr. Butrico said that when the fallout cloud from ''Harry'' detonated May 19, 1953, unexpectedly drifted over the city of St. George, he was forced to seek the help of the Mayor to warn citizens to stay indoors.
''Obviously we're upset about it,'' Mr. Ravitch said.
11 11 6 A MOTHER AND TWO DAUGHTERS, by Gail Godwin.
He studied engineering and architecture at Howard University in Washington for a year, then studied voice for two-and-a-half years at Federal City College, also in Washington.
But it may take a change of leadership - in Moscow - before Soviet policy can admit the error.
A suspect identified as the third secretary of the North Korean observer delegation to the United Nations has been charged with sexually abusing a 43-year-old Bronx woman.
And the next day they come back again, one seat closer.
Many have for generations lived in peace with their Moslem fellow citizens.
Then he finished fourth behind Slewpy in the Young America.
Yet Mr. Pielmeier is no mere opportunist, literally rummaging through the laundry basket for such dirty linen as he can find.
''Operation Success'' achieved its objective: President Arbenz was toppled and fled to Mexico.
Begin and his wife, Aliza, sent a telegram to Jihan Sadat, the widow of President Anwar el-Sadat, whose bold visit to Jerusalem in November 1977 began the process of Israeli-Egyptian peace.
''I think we did too much too soon,'' a Norcross manager said.
It's a while before these authorial puppets come to life.
are expected to take place with a view to creating ''parallel negotiating teams,'' according to Jordanian sources.
He was a past president of the New York City Press Club and current chairman of its board of trustees, and was vice president of the Inner Circle, the organization of political reporters.
The Conference Board recently reported that its September consumer confidence index remained at relatively depressed levels.
But for Washington to withdraw from basic income support programs would be an alarming retreat.
When performers must say the same lines, dance the same steps or sing the same songs eight times a week, for months, even years, how do they keep their performances fresh?
They take their jobs with them, and they leave people who would otherwise have jobs to swell the unemployment lines.
Although he ate heartily in black-market restaurants and never turned away an art lover in uniform, Picasso did sign a petition in favor of Max Jacob - aged Jewish poet, artist and Catholic convert -who had been interned at Drancy, the French-run camp near Paris.
The meeting was attended by all 86 provincial superiors of the 26,622-member Society of Jesus.
There are additional controls by which you may command the deck to adjust its own bias, level, and equalization for the particular type of tape you have inserted.
Brendan T. Byrne's 1977 re-election campaign and, later, the Carter-Mondale campaign in Illinois in the 1980 Presidential election.
Dr. Elliot M. Gross, the Chief Medical Examiner, said an autopsy had indicated that Miss Reilly's death was a suicide and Officer Condon's a homicide.
They went swimming, then returned home without incident.
But President Reagan has refused to accept so dismal an outlook as the necessary consequence of his supply-side economics.
On Friday, however, the Giddings board met and accepted the new offer.
There was almost a party atmosphere to it.''
El Tiempo, a leading daily, projected tonight that the Liberal Party, one of the two major centrist parties, was on its way to a large victory, based on sample precincts.
I know every note that's coming.''
"They are the engine of his economy.
Earlier this month, analysts said investors and speculators were unwilling buyers because of fears that rapid money supply growth would cause the Fed to tighten monetary policy and raise interest rates further.
The Montreal dancers have had the luck to use one of the best Balanchine stagers in the business - Victoria Simon -and if she stages slightly earlier versions of the ballets we still see at the New York City Ballet, she does so with great style.
The match ended when Lendl netted his backhand from deep in a corner.
Tied to a Single Export In addition, the economies of many countries are tied to a single export, such as sugar in Cuba, copper in Zaire, coffee in Kenya and jute in Bangladesh.
But this will be impossible without a contract governing the former Conrail employees, he said, because the system will face the threat of a strike at any time.
They also denounced provisions that would ban former political leaders from politics for 10 years and former members of Parliament for five years.
On high school bulletin boards.
pick up 5th ad/lead reagan / ds Time and again, the American people - you - have worked wonders that have astounded the world.
Foothills Pipelines Ltd., the primary contractor for the 2,060-mile Canadian portion of the Alaska Highway Natural Gas Pipeline, said it is working on a new financing and construction schedule to begin operations by late 1989.
Orange juice prices were mostly lower on the Cotton Exchange in New York.
''I don't think I've ever conveyed the elation I felt over the bounty, the beauty, of being in a place like St. Lucia,'' he says.
More important to me yet, but not of that number, was and remains its successor: the one its author is doing next.
But Miss Marton presses ahead, and vows to keep her options open.
These are some of the questions that are being discussed only vaguely, if at all in Washington.
Added Convenience and Security Cited Banks offering retail checking accounts that do not return checks, such as the Marine Midland Bank in New York, which announced a voluntary program two weeks ago, say the new procedure gives consumers added convenience and security.
Though many buildings still qualify for rooftop expansion, feasibility definitely should be determined before construction or even serious design work begins.
Presented by Tom E. Greene 3d.
Moreover, these lawmakers represent the quintessential ''volatile voter,'' the rootless professional who has left the old neighborhood, and the old traditions behind.
Correct installation, she said, would cost no extra money.
And Citicorp is not alone.
More than $11 billion of that drop was in the merchandise trade accounts.
''That zone drives me crazy,'' said Red Auerbach, the guru of the Boston Celtics who was scouting Friday night.
And he can write about what it was like opening gates at Claiborne Farm for his father and his grandfather back when he was only 6 years old.
The winners advance to the East semifinals at Raleigh, N.C., next Friday.
All three buildings, which are now under construction, are condominiums.
It felt like a toy.
Hundreds of men rush forward along the decks across the hold putting on their lifejackets, pulling on survival suits, some ship's crewmen just off watch pulling on shirts and trousers.
The allegation pertaining to the Clean Water Act will be added to the prospective lawsuit.
Her long relationship with Woody Allen, for example, has a lot to do with her knack for supplying him with inspired oddballs, comic grotesques, and alluring actresses.
The project, which is expected to cost $1.7 billion by the time of its completion in 1985 or 1986, is being built by the Virginia Electric and Power Company.
The House accepted an amendment today introduced by Representative Charles E. Schumer, Democrat of Brooklyn, which would also allow loans for rental housing to be included in the 60 percent requirement.
He returned to Cairo in time to be present Oct. 6 for a military parade commemorating Egypt's surprise attack upon Israel in 1973.
She is committed contractually to another season with Ice Capades.
We heard about it from the news agencies.''
When Bruce Clark left the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League after two seasons to sign last spring with the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League, he was surprised by the reaction of some of the Saints' fans.
Honor and taste were not enough here.
This was the first of the Giants' four National Football League exhibition games.
Judge R. Alexis Clarke of Marshall Superior Court accepted the change in plea and set sentencing for Dec. 30.
I was almost Governor of New Jersey.
Leonard won on a technical knockout in the third round.
Knowlton tells of a study he has just completed in which 15 pairs of coyotes were allowed to raise their young in sheep ranges and 15 others had the young removed but were allowed to go on living in the sheep range.
It is because of this public role of professional football that the verdict in the ''Davis Case'' is so repugnant.
M ay is the month to be here.
Those hints have helped to sell out the Who's final United States shows on Oct. 12 and 13 at Shea Stadium, and they have drawn attention to the Who's new album, ''It's Hard.''
In addition, private delivery agencies have taken on a substantial part of the magazine and newspaper delivery business.
Each of the plays Mr. Lapine has worked on has had at least one child in the cast.
Others waited for technical and financial assistance.
''It was a dumb mistake,'' he said.
The Violence Is Isolated So far violence against Turks in West Berlin has been isolated - a motorcycle gang smashed up a Turkish-owned restaurant last September, for example - but there is apprehension that it could build.
''By then, it was too late,'' Garvey said.
We made physical errors, like missed free throws and a bad shot or two.''
---- Miss Turnbull Gains Final ROSEMONT, Ill., Jan. 30 (UPI) -Wendy Turnbull of Australia upset Andrea Jaeger, 6-2, 6-0, today in the semifinal round of a $150,000 Avon tournament.
The Bell case was highlighted in the report, which generally discussed the problem of Soviet acquisition of Western technology.
Mr. Pratt also told how experts using chemical analyses and sophisticated equipment could determine the type of dye used to color a fiber.
The patty looks like a beefburger and tastes like a lean, bland beefburger.
And that, they say, makes Bay Ridge special.
John Vickery, who received rave reviews last summer as Prince Hal in ''Henry IV,'' has stepped into the role of Von Richthofen, and like other members of the cast he lapses immediately into superlatives when discussing Mr. McAnuff.
Neo-conservatives include the group centered on Commentary, the monthly magazine of political and social ideas subsidized by the American Jewish Committee and edited by Norman Podhoretz.
* The State of New York has scheduled for Nov. 16 the sale of $146 million of general obligation bonds with maturities ranging from 1983 to 2012.
The career leader in most kickoff returns and most yards gained that way is a player whose name will never come up for election to the Hall of Fame.
Of course, people die all the time, and this city is too big to take note.
Even though San Francisco is more densely built up than L.A., with proportionately more trips into the downtown area, the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) system has been from any economic or conservation point of view a failure.
According to the Congressional Budget Office, Mr. Helms's plan would raise the burden on those earning $5,000 to $10,000 by 147 percent - while decreasing the total paid by families in the $100,000 to $200,000 range by 47 percent.
''This whole problem is unusual to us,'' Mr. Singer said.
Five of his nine symphonies were composed after he finished ''Montezuma,'' and that was when he was 66 years old.
Mr. Blum said, ''I am concerned about the propriety and the dignity of the court.
The red car drives on and off stage.
Although Anderson now allows Parrish to call the pitches, he still isn't convinced of Parrish's ability to handle his staff.
'We Didn't Do Very Well' ''What we've got to do, come hell or high water,'' is have clean elections and a civilian president, said a wealthy, conservative landowner and business executive some weeks before the voting.
Michaelangelo Antonioni, the noted film director who celebrates his 70th birthday Sept. 29, will be the speaker Oct. 1 at the final session of a six-week Antonioni film festival-seminar at Fairfield University's School of Graduate and Continuing Education.
The water had already filled the basement.
The rain could have caused a chemical reaction with the acrolein in the bullet-shaped, pressurized storage tanks, an official said.
''I'm just going out,'' he said, ''but I don't know what I'll be doing.
The Virginia charges, on which he faces arraignment next week, carry a maximum penalty of 33 years in prison and fines totaling $45,000.
Premier Visits Islands ''I have never envisaged a Canadian occupation,'' Mr. Plantegenest told a visitor.
So, while the Reagan Administration is raising the alarm over the flow of America's advanced scientific information to the Soviet Union, it is not clear how the Administration can stop it, or that it merits stopping.
Republican Congressional leaders, business spokesmen and conservative economists believe that some painful concessions will have to made - such as trimming defense and delaying the final 10 percent installment of the income tax cut - to get the deficit down to a level that will satisfy Congress and reassure the financial markets.
Make a pitcher proud of finishing his game, and school's out in the seventh inning.
So it's not simply doing for others -though some of us would argue that may be justification enough - it is also doing for the collective us.
Earth Shoes made with a negative or back-sloping heel are unsuitable in more cases than not, many podiatrists maintain.
As the coach boarded the bus, Marian raised an accusing finger at him.
The new retail banking division will include Manufacturers Hanover's New York retail operations, with more than 200 branches, and its nationwide consumer loan company, which has 411 offices in 27 states.
Mr. Iskander Ahmed spoke in Arabic, which an aide translated into English.
If I wanted to prepare light cream or half and half I would dilute heavy cream with an equal portion of milk.
''It gave me my big break,'' she says.
He is now working for a public relations firm in Atlanta, but hopes to play in the new United States Football League.
As one administration member put it, ''It's an awfully good experience, especially for the rich kids.''
Complicating the task of working for post-election cooperation between the six parties that ran and a broader reconciliation between the armed camps of El Salvador's right and left is the difficulty of achieving accords in a society where disagreements are often settled by murder.
Under cuts that have already taken effect, the loans are limited to families whose annual income is under $30,000, or who demonstrate appropriate need.
Chairman Of Uniroyal To Resign Uniroyal Inc., the nation's fourth-largest tire and rubber company, announced yesterday that David Beretta, its 53-year-old chairman and an employee for almost 30 years, would resign on Feb. 28 ''to pursue business interests.''
The bodies of two other employees of the Aerojet Strategic Propulsion Company remained in the test cell and the pumping was continuing.
The defendant, according to previous testimony by police officers, gave several versions of his activities around the time of the fire on Dec. 4, 1980, in Harrison, N.Y.
He also said the proposal would exempt people over 65 with incomes of $15,000 or less.
ALTHOUGH the major auction houses are describing Oriental art as one of their strongest sales areas this season, there have been some setbacks over the last 12 months, especially at Sotheby Parke Bernet.
But when he arrived, Mr. Caputo said, he was told that the department preferred that he maintain his civilian status.
At such a time a prolonged increase of even a few degrees could be disastrous.
The Phillies added a run in the seventh on Matthews's 14th home run.
and he replied, ''Just another Cougar.''
Now lenders want a share of the equity, a larger piece of the profits and ''a little blood,'' as Miss Luscombe says.
Under the operating agreement between Tosco and the Exxon Company U.S.A., a subsidiary of the Exxon Corporation, Exxon must pay Tosco about $380 million for Tosco's 40 percent stake in the Colony project.
Her father is president of the Yale-New Haven Medical Center Inc., and her mother is director of admissions at the Foote School in New Haven.
STANLEY MILLER Fair Lawn, N.J.
''The present situation is clearly intolerable,'' he added, ''Syrian, P.L.O.
More than 58 percent of the state's registered voters went to the polls last Tuesday, compared to a little less than 54 percent four years ago.
Yugoslav leaders apparently stressed in their meetings that there had been no change in the independent policy Yugoslavia had followed during the Tito era.
There are few public polls of individual House races.
He argued that the study generally ignored improvements made in the current fiscal year, and contended that it was unrealistic to suggest that even tax increases could lead to improved services, given Federal budget cuts.
He would put the codes needed to fire nuclear weapons in a little capsule, and implant the capsule next to the heart of a volunteer, who would carry a big butcher knife as he accompanied the President everywhere.
Yet if one wishes at least to hint at dramatic meanings, how can one go about it?
Would he bring his own water to Versailles?
On Friday night, the violinist Billy Bang and his quintet will perform at the Public Theater.
At his news conference Thursday, Mr. Reagan insisted that it ''doesn't make sense'' to put a freeze ahead of his arms buildup or his proposals for arms reductions.
In the last few weeks of the crisis, some major points of agreement have emerged: both sides accept that there should be a cease-fire, a withdrawal of troops, and a temporary United Nations administration of the islands pending negotiations.
''It is once again seen as a principal part of a building, one that draws attention to itself, draws the public in and has a life of its own.
Some decided that South was fully prepared for a diamond lead, and therefore picked a black suit and were satisfied with the result.
Pentagon officials said that a Lebanese brigade consists of about 4,000 soldiers.
Chop the tomato pulp and add half of it to the skillet.
After a fiercely anti-Catholic upbringing, she attends mass to escape Protestant guitars, and this is what happens.
At the heart of the disagreement is the Government's explanation that a sudden wind shift led to the unexpected spread of radioactive fallout over a 7,000-mile area.
But Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and Defense Minister John Nott insisted on cuts as economic pressures restrained military spending.
Letters for publication should include the writer's name, address and telephone number and should be addressed to The Editor, Travel Section, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
Any attempt to circumvent the current statutes will surely result in lawsuits, and efforts to revise the laws, a possibility already discussed within the Administration, could embroil the White House in a heated fight with Congress over larger land policy goals.
''You turned my treasure into trash,'' remarked Granovetter in mock complaint in the post-mortem, ''which reminds me ...
''Many Democratic candidates came out of that office.''
The Seychelles, a group of 92 coral islands 1,300 miles off the African coast, is a former British colony that achieved independence in 1976.
But the prospect of an $18.9 million Urban Development Action Grant bonanza for one such project - the Baychester Common in my home borough of the Bronx - could not begin to repay the probable cost to people there whose health would be threatened by its construction.
And this is not the only case in which the Reagan Administration is using the tactic, ''interpreting'' long-established law effectively out of existence while saying blandly that Congress can act if it wishes.
Average scores in 1982 on the verbal and mathematics parts of the test were, respectively, 444 and 483 for whites; 341 and 366 for blacks; 360 and 403 for Puerto Ricans, and 377 and 416 for Mexican-Americans.
In foreign policy, Leonid I. Brezhnev proved unable or unwilling to reverse the ever-heightening Sino-Soviet hostility.
For instance, when the city offered the World Trade Center for the annual Avant Garde Festival, Mr. Orand - who sees the twin towers as two-inoneness - put an Indian tepee in front of each, linked them by telephones and computer terminals and sent messages between them via Waltham, Mass., and a space satellite.
The institute reported that 97 general-purpose funds gained $502 million, to reach $59.73 billion.
Every three years the investor has the option to extend the issue at a new interest rate that will be equal to 102 percent of the yield on new three-year Treasury notes.
By promoting the notion of stability through a political dynasty, she seems to have taken to heart the repeated warnings of her father, Jawarhalal Nehru, India's first Prime Minister, to keep in check what he termed ''fissiparous pressures'' that could easily fragment the huge country of 700 million people, multitudinous languages, religions, regions, classes and castes.
Ngurah Swetja, the vice consul in San Francisco, said his government was aware of the presence of the group in Los Angeles.
The couple were married on Sept. 20, 1980, in Port Chester.
The major contenders are ''Reds'' - after all, Warren Beatty has paid his dues, has taken a huge gamble and won, and has, to boot, made a remarkable film - and ''On Golden Pond.''
Its flavor makes it a natural for almost any assertive flavors you wish to employ.
It was in setting the new strategy that Mr. Shultz made his influence felt, in part through his analysis of international economics and his professorial knack of soliciting opinions and directing strategy discussions at meetings of Bechtel's seven-member executive committee, according to one member, Steven V. White.
After four years, the Rough Rider Room was closed to build the Crawdaddy Restaurant and Jazz at Noon moved to Shepheard's in the Drake Hotel.
Letters for publication should include the writer's name, address and telephone number.
Mrs. Horstman said that $357.35 was spent to frame photographs of Mr. Hyde and President Reagan that were given to favored constituents.
The Soviet Union also pursues a dual policy in Yemen.
''We are afraid of the chemicals, but we are worried about the rats and the snakes first,'' said Mrs. Mansker.
Questions are based on news reports in The Times this week.
In accordance with his instructions, the police sergeant who is in the corridor outside at night had gone off duty at about 6 A.M., when members of the domestic staff had come on duty.
One out later, Randy Bush doubled and came home on Ward's two-out double for a 4-2 Twins lead and eventual winning run.
The veal is slaughtered, packed and delivered to the stores in two or three days.
There's a lot of things you have to take into consideration: injuries, scheduling, throw in a little bit of luck, attitude.
Perhaps it was a bad bottle.
In better times, the $30 million Volunteers In Service To America program fielded almost 5,000 volunteers to work with poor people's groups and neighborhood agencies.
For nearly two years, residential property owners and industrial leaders in this Passaic County city have fought to eliminate sewer fees through legal means and by voicing opposition at heated City Council meetings.
YONKERS - Ossining Madrigal Singers and Resonate Deo, hand bell choir from Community Church of the Pelhams, 1 to 4 P.M. next Sunday at the Hudson River Museum, 511 Warburton Avenue..
Koch says city services return to normal after slowdown 21 General Around the Nation 14 New Jersey fights Hauptmann widow's property claim 20 Bronx-Manhattan bus line urged to add Harlem stops 20 Explosives injure teen-ager in home on Upper West Side 23 Croatian nationalists given long prison terms by judge 27 Financial district takes precau- tions in fight against crime 29 Industry/Labor Fairchild gets Air Force pact to built 650 trainer planes 22 A state agency plans a rate cut for its hydropower customers 21 Arts/Entertainment Ella Fitzgerald and Count Basie at jazz festival 32 Aston Magna opens Great Bar- rington season 32 New York State Theater closes- for renovation 33 Yiddish themes explored by Pearl Lang 33 Marshall Crenshaw at the Bot- tom Line 33 City Ballet revives ''Variations'' 33 ''Te Juro Juana Que Tengo Ganas,'' comedy in Spanish 33 Joan Baez sings at Dr Pepper 33 Style Fifty years' devoted aid to the disabled 34 Frog's Leap: a prince of a wine 34 News Analysis Drew Middleton on the future of the British Navy 11
This trend was found to have carried across most of the country, including rural parts of upstate New York.
His 661,591 votes were the highest on the Republican line since Fiorello H. La Guardia's successful races.
In a second conciliatory gesture, Iran has said that it is willing to receive a United Nations representative trying to bring about a withdrawal of Soviet troops from Afghanistan.
''We didn't know if R.P.I.
A measure of the Mayor's efforts to win over upstate voters is reflected in his campaign financial report released last week.
We spent a good deal of time at the ranch, and food was an enormous part of our life and culture.
After giving up a proposal to place a juvenile detention center on top of the jail to be built on the edge of Chinatown, Mayor Koch said that plans would be pressed to improve the old Spofford Youth Center in the Bronx.
Then there's a sweet song by Paul Stookey, ''It Came to Pass,'' which is tenderly sung to Tiny Tim.
''If that market doesn't grow, I don't know what will,'' said James D. Dougherty, an analyst for F. Eberstadt & Company.
Each form connects faultlessly with its neighbor, surfaces are tightly controlled (the sculptor learned much of her trade in Rome from an Italian carver named Ardini) and the character of the work demonstrably owes a great deal to Brancusi, Arp and certain Constructivists.
Estimates of the Arrears American bankers vary in their estimates of just how far behind Poland is in its interest payments.
Assistant District Attorney Richard Michaels of Alameda County, who is in the consumer fraud division of the prosecutor's office, said his department did not normally take a position on philosophical, religious or therapy groups.
''The day-to-day operations are handled in Los Angeles,'' he said.
''We are entering the twilight zone of the Clean Air Act,'' said Kathleen M. Bennett, the agency's assistant administrator for air issues.
Advisers to Wall Street arbitragers, who have gambled heavily on the outcome of the battle, reasoned yesterday that both sides still had plenty of ammunition left and that any effort to call the outcome was perilous.
All this activity can only be good for the thousands all over the United States who are engaged in cottage industries, producing small supplies of handmade regional foods known only in their neighborhoods.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
This Administration is enthusiastic about incentives elsewhere, but not for the working poor.
To have a disabled child who's going to die young may be the most expensive lesson in loving that we can have.
Further information may be obtained from Sharon Davis, Paraiso Marriott Hotel Sales Office, 420 Lexington Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10170 (212-490-3350 in New York State; 800-228-9290 outside the state).
Finally, when the author brings up South Korea, ''Governor Reagan made his first real comment.
It's an entirely convincing movie, and that's what counts.
''I felt like I was feeling super-good,'' he said.
In technology, the Air Force has much to offer.
''We certainly wouldn't chop a forest down in our parks to make the state money,'' he said.
In 1978 a Los Angeles-based chain, Hotel Systems International, bought the hotel and began a $5 million refurbishing that is nearing completion.
Asbestos victims may sue other manufacturers and users of the material, even though litigation against Manville has been halted, a Federal judge in New Jersey said.
With winter fast arriving in the South Atlantic, there was a limit to how long Britain could keep its men tossing on the icy seas.
All of this is mixed into a fanlike arrangement of Eastern serene exquisiteness.
According to figures compiled by the N.F.L.
The festival sponsor, Asian Cine-Vision, with headquarters at 32 East Broadway, produces a nightly show in Chinese on Manhattan Cable television from 8 to 9, runs a workshop to instruct Chinatown residents in video-production techniques and publishes Bridge, a magazine primarily devoted to the arts.
Should your passport expire while you are away, you can quickly renew it at any of the 240-odd United States consular offices abroad.
''You have already seen a little of what courage means.
Reactor Was Shut Down Under questioning by Richard Klingsberg, the principal lawyer for General Public Utilities, Mr. Zewe said the reactor was shut down at the first sign that something was wrong, causing a sudden drop in temperature that, in turn, caused a drop in water pressure and the level of water in the reactor system.
The directors of the Depositors Corporation voted today to merge their Augusta-based banking company into Key Banks Inc. of Albany.
Sir Nicholas was interviewed on Cable News Network program ''Newsmaker Sunday.''
Social-service programs will benefit from a budget shift approved in Albany.
He has indicated that he will deny it.
A Danish journalist has been arrested by the West German authorities on suspicion of spying for East Germany, the Federal Prosecutor's Office said today.
The double tends to ask for dummy's first suit, in this case clubs.
''The failure of the Federal Reserve to cut the discount rate was the No.1 reason in the hit parade affecting stock prices today,'' said Jack Baker, head of equity trading at the First Boston Corporation.
This is a week in which dance buffs can really satisfy their appetites.
More than 8,300 prisoners are jammed into prisons built for 7,100.
But most people are paying the price and praising the sleek silver buses that turn heads even in Manhattan as they streak toward the tunnel carrying their privileged passengers.
In one instance, according to the indictment, the defendants caused two sets of documents to be prepared, one setting the indebtedness of Mr. Bridgeman and Mr. O'Keefe to Gulf South Bank at $871,000 and the other stating their actual indebtedness as $2 million.
''First Palestinianism is a crime, then the supporter of Palestinians is a criminal, then the one who publishes what the Palestinians say is a criminal, then the one who defends the one who publishes is a criminal.
Three leading retailers reported increased earnings in the latest quarter.
But despite the erroneous use at his trial of his statement to his mother, the Appellate Division said that it was upholding his conviction because even without the statement ''the defendant's guilt was established by overwhelming evidence.''
''If the French are thinking this way, a forum for informing us would certainly be the meetings here this week,'' he said.
Funk is a harmonically and melodically circumscribed idiom that emphasizes rhythmic vitality, and some of the songs on ''One Down'' simply don't have the momentum or the fluidity they need.
An article in Metropolitan Report yesterday about a Connecticut folk singer incorrectly identified the composer of ''I'm Proud to Be an Okie From Muskogee.''
For teachers, it is a time to renew a commitment to guide, encourage and enable our future generation to creatively employ its acquired skills to meet life's challenges.
The U.S. and Japan broke off four days of talks aimed at resolving differences over trans-Pacific airline service.
A neighborhood friend was calling her.
Pressing Problems to Be Found The new effort, called the ''integrated management program,'' would enable the agency to join with state and local officials to identify the most pressing problems in an area and then to draw up a program to work comprehensively, making the best use of whatever money and other resources were available.
He Sights a Conspiracy Mr. Tabin, who is admittedly unfamiliar with immigration procedures, has concluded that he is a ''pawn'' in ''some kind of political game.''
And more bluntly than the others, he argued that he should be taken seriously as a contender, boasting of past successes in fundraising, television commercials and staffing.
While leaders of the 16 countries in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization were meeting directly across the river in the West German Government Chancellery, the crowds spread over the grounds of a botanical garden, enjoying sunshine, temperatures of about 80 degrees Fahrenheit and a legal holiday, Corpus Christi, that closed schools and offices in most areas of the country.
Two Americans also gained spots -Renee Blount of Carrolton, Tex., and Kim Steinmetz of St. Louis.
Her immediate family will miss this week's concerts.
The steam is then condensed back into water and pumped back to the reactor.
Under the terms of Mr. Murdoch's takeover of The Times, the approval of the majority of the directors was required for him to dismiss an editor.
Some of Mr. Carey's aides likened his decision to that of President Lyndon B. Johnson in 1968.
terrorist organization the moment he surrenders himself to the Israeli guards.''
''The man was a Vietnamese interpreter.
Perhaps Versailles even did some good, demonstrating that even in hard times the Western powers retain a common interest in looking united, even if they are not always disposed to act that way.
However, mold has developed in random places on this planking, causing dark, ugly stains.
Safety office administrators say it does not meet the letter of the current rule because the inner layer of plastic scratches more easily than glass.
* GM Resources Ltd. of Vancouver, British Columbia, said it would sell its interests in Mascot Gold Mines Ltd. and Giant Pipe Explorations Ltd. to its Giant Mascot Explorations Ltd. subsidiary.
''Oil companies are convinced there are more offshore reserves and they are willing to spend big bucks to find them,'' said Stephen Chamberlain, the outer continental shelf coordinator for the American Petroleum Institute.
These are assembled around the interior mock-ups to make the final model that is presented to management.
Her fiance is the son of Mr. and Mrs. John E. Heilmann of Greenwich, Conn., and Norwood, Va. A February wedding is planned.
But the Queen hit that really broke the mold was 1980's ''Another One Bites the Dust,'' a funk tune written by the group's bassist, John Deacon.
It's what they call bad.''
Mostly what we do is help the candidates over their cash-flow problems.''
Other old acquaintances here are: ''Terry and the Pirates,'' ''Prince Valiant,'' ''Beetle Bailey,'' ''Mandrake the Magician,'' ''Henry,'' ''Dick Tracy,'' ''Gasoline Alley'' and ''Li'l Abner,'' among others.
The Pulitzer-winning author died Friday at his home here.
Yesterday, speaking from his home in Philadelphia, a more relaxed Cunningham explained his terse postgame remarks.
''I suspect Shakespeare had something like this case in mind when he said, 'a pox on both your houses,' '' Judge Young said.
The Hjemkomst, a model of a Viking ship, has fallen about two weeks behind schedule on its trans-Atlantic voyage to Norway because of a spell of calm weather, a spokesman said today.
Insect flight behavior, however, has not been studied, apart from fleeting glimpses of two flies that circled the earth as stowaways aboard Skylab in 1973.
Their strategy is more oblique.
''I think as I go around the league,'' said Cowens, ''it will be indicative of what will happen.
Mr. Tolba, an Egyptian microbiologist, noted that at the time of the Stockholm meeting only 11 nations had any kind of governmental environment agency.
The 'Just War' Theory Much of the Cardinal's argument derived from the theory of a ''just war'' -a set of ethical guidelines considered necessary in the conduct of justifiable self-defense - which has had a long history in the church but has become increasingly discredited by bishops as inapplicable to the nuclear age.
It also suggests how disparate ideas and people can be successfully joined, given good timing, a willingness to learn the hard lessons of modern political organizing and the presence of a powerful catalyst.
This evening's ''American Playhouse'' presentation on WNET-TV at 9 o'clock is ''My Palikari,'' which is a Greek word for a young man who is especially brave and handsome.
Heap an equal portion of the stuffing on top of each.
But they took passages from ''Henry IV,'' transposed, reworked to create a masterpiece of character.
No Show of Mass Grief There is none of the mass grief that was evident when Stalin died in March 1953 nor, at least outwardly, any of the relief that many Russians felt when the idiosyncratic rule of Nikita S. Khrushchev ended with his abrupt ouster in October 1964.
The critics have included former Senator Ervin, Senator Edward M. Kennedy, Democrat of Massachusetts, and Mr. Edwards.
Commuters face one-day transport strikes unless talks about pay produce an agreement by Tuesday.
Yet it was thanks to the new hierarchies of power that Goldoni's ''La Locandiera'' was the great triumph of the Comedie Fran,caise last season.
''Members of Congress always talk cut, cut, cut where the Pentagon is concerned,'' he says.
Call (516) 922-0061, for more information.
John Straubel, a spokesman for Mr. Hiller's group, said the investors had made their decision after completing a review of the company's financial position.
During Mr. Weiner's employment, Judge Fuchsberg said, ''the plaintiff had rejected other offers of employment in reliance on the assurance'' given about job security.
Quite understan dably, this proves to be too much for Ruth Hession, who decides to do something on her own.
It did not, to be sure, alter the way he lived his life otherwise.
If a new ballet is to be performed in a day or two, a decision must be made as to whether other rehearsals are to be canceled or the dancers paid overtime.
''If you don't, you do other things.''
Gold for delivery in July fell $5.40, to $320.20 an ounce, in trading on the Comex.
Economic concentration, he argues, has proceeded until the huge multinational centers of economic power not only destroy individual initiative and free enterprise but escape political control.
The network was developed by the New Jersey Institute of Technology in Newark.
George Shultz is one of the outstanding public men and finest human beings I have known.
''They talked about the trickle-down theory,'' he said, ''but what we need is the trickle-up theory.
Herostratism may not, as Europeans believe, be a characteristically American crime.
Instructors eschew traditional forms of command where possible in favor of playing leapfrog and doing the conga on flat terrain to get newcomers used to moving on skis.
''There is no other Arab country where we could hope to operate with any political independence other than Lebanon.''
In light of the economic crisis Nicaragua faces - one shared by all Central America - such emergency measures do not seem out of line.
Recession, it is conceded, hurt mineral profits last year, but there were more basic, long-term problems.
So Iurge you also to recognize your 'obligation' to the law school, but do not give v ery much.''
And this time, the legislative contest has begun with an unexpected setback for the National Rifle Association.
Al Hrabosky came on in the eighth to earn his second save.
But Emmett Louis Bryant, a retired bus driver in Detroit, has another view.
A hospital spokesman said Princess Grace was driving back to the palace after a stay at the royal family's mountain retreat, Rocagel.
Directed by Jonathan Kaplan from a screenplay by Charles Haas and Tim Hunter, ''Over the Edge'' deals with restless youth in a newly established ''paradise'' suburban community.
* Five counties of New York City plus Nassau, Suffolk, Westchester, Rockland, Putnam, Bergen, Essex, Morris, Union, Hudson, Middlesex, Somerset and Passaic.
Jumping to easy conclusions, many listeners assumed that the sonic harshness was part of the digital process itself.
''I know who I am.''
''I told him I heard rumors that the Phalangists were not behaving in the camps, and it should be checked,'' Mr. Zippori recalled.
''We charged a nickel more than Schrafft's, and Cafe Nicholson became world famous for its chocolate souffle,'' he said proudly.
Twelve dissidents have been arrested by security police in a coordinated series of raids here, dissident sources said today.
It's not easy to put together the pieces. ''
Mr. Attenborough's script finally became a film through the backing of Goldcrest Film International, a London company whose principal stockholder is the Pearson Longman publishing group.
He missed much of last season with a serious knee injury after scoring 15 touchdowns in his first three games.
She contended the treaties were valid under international law.
Mrs. Bishcoff, still not recgnizing Mr. Seeger, agreed to place it in the window.
AROUND THE WORLD; British Frighten Off Argentine Fishing Ship BAHIA BLANCA, Argentina, Aug. 11 (UPI) - An Argentine fishing vessel operating within 150 miles of the Falkland Islands was intercepted and forced out of the area in the first such incident since this spring's war in the South Atlantic, officials said today.
Tonight, apparently hoping that a change in routine would improve the fortunes of his team, Manager Gene Michael called off pre-game batting practice for everyone except Mayberry and Graig Nettles.
- in which he and eight others were killed - had drunk the equivalent of ''four or five beers'' at the time of the accident, the Nassau County Medical Examiner said last night.
He then played a trump, bringing the queen, king and ace.
With the exception of one establishment in Tokyo (where else?
Mr. Volcker maintained that the big problem facing the economy is not the current deficit but the way Government spending and taxing programs are now structured because they would build larger and larger deficits into the economy.
Boots Made for Running Before he decided on Oklahoma, Texas had become the Sooners' foremost rival for his services.
''I'm not interested in that either,'' she said.
At the same time, imports from a growing number of tuna-fishing nations have snarled negotiations between the canneries and the American Tuna Sales Association, which represents fishermen.
'The Toughest Thing' Samantha Hendrickson, 17, who entered Bronx Regional two years ago after sporadically attending two other high schools, walked in to the principal's office and told him she had decided to leave in January for a trade school.
It wasn't all large-bore rhetoric.
''The piano is out of tune and so am I,'' for example, comes out as much a sultry insinuation as a statement of fact.
The Democrats would have a chance in the district, but are divided internally.
''Our agenda from this day forward must be economic and political.''
Indiana officials said the financial aid package would be subject to several conditions.
* Northwest Airlines, Minneapolis, has elected Steven G. Rothmeier executive vice president.
It taught withering away of the state; but the state is getting even stronger and more privileged - at least the bureaucracy is.
''It is unfortunate,'' he added, ''that there seems to be a fairly deep split not only among Democrats, but also between Democrats and Republicans on an issue that goes to our very survival.''
United Press International was sold by E.W.
Mr. Puskas had been a salesman with the company for seven years.
In the last 10 years, Mr. Adelman has presented cases to ''200 or 300'' juries, he said.
''I won't make any recommendations,'' he said.
This book is a cooperative effort.
After making two futile attempts at a rally, the stock market edged downward yesterday to another 27-month low.
Lost Voice After Surgery In 1964, she became ill and it was found that she had an overactive thyroid.
Robin Sue Flitt, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. David Flitt, was married in Rivervale, N.J., yesterday to Randy Jeffrey Schafer, son of Mr. and Mrs. Ira Schafer.
Montreal got only one power play, in the first period.
Bond rating agencies also pay close attention to the situation, he says.
Marketing is handled by 10 overseas ''missions'' and by a number of Israel's 300 arms merchants.
During the brawl Friday, Rozema jumped and landed on another player's leg, badly twisting his left knee.
If his lung infection clears, he may be transferred in a week or two to a Montreal neurological facility, according to a hospital spokesman.
Manhattan is 11-11 over all and 3-4 in the conference.
But while Mr. Leeds calls the ''emotional involvement'' that he brings to his business ''debilitating and exhausting,'' Mr. Phillips says his generally tougher approach is a reaction to his ''uncompromising'' stand on mediocrity.
''This can run about $1,300, not including installation charges.
At this step its temperature is 4,500 degrees Kelvin (7,640.6 degrees Fahrenheit), nearly that of the surface of our sun.
Many articles in the Japanese press have maintained that I.B.M.
Within a time span of about seven months seven ''Catholic'' shows opened: Bill Davis's ''Mass Appeal,'' Edward Sheehan's ''Kingdoms,'' Christopher Durang's ''Sister Mary Ignatius Explains It All for You,'' John Pielmeier's ''Agnes of God,'' Casey Kurtti's ''Catholic School Girls,'' Brother Jonathan's ''Bella Figura'' and John Powers's ''Do Black Patent Leather Shoes Really Reflect Up?''
However, LeRoy Irvin of the Rams returned a punt 63 yards for a touchdown shortly afterward to put Los Angeles ahead by 20-7.
Rather it involves doing something simply because it needs to be done.''
Bruce Ferden, who conducted Miss Sundine at St. Louis, sees both worlds clearly.
after Mr. Lewis reaffiliated with it in the 1940's.
Make Social Security an optional system - if you don't pay in now, you can't collect later.
A self-made man struggles against the corruption engulfing his life: fiction.
Its telephone number is (201) 873-8799.
Most vegetarians eat the same things that other people eat, with the exception of meat.
Nonetheless, Amtrak has managed to purchase new equipment and refurbish its remaining trains during Mr. Boyd's term.
T o the Editor: It seems to me that your March 31 article in ''The Price of Health'' series - on health insurance as a contributing cause of rising health-care costs -misinterprets the role of our nonprofit Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans in their relationship with hospitals and doctors, and, especially, the role of the plans as advocates of subscribers and their employers.
Petty Officer Jeffrey Bronsdon, 21 years old, was found sleepwalking on the cutter White Heath in March while the 133-foot buoy tender was at sea.
There are no Communist babies; there are no capitalist babies.
Appearing on the NBC News program ''Meet the Press,'' Mr. Kennan commented: ''We don't have very much left in our arsenal of means with which to annoy or to embarrass Moscow.
Anyone interested in using either service or obtaining more details on location and hours when volunteers will be available should call local representatives of the American Association of Retired Persons, the Department on Aging, Social Service or Human Resources Department at the local town hall, or call toll-free 1- 800-343-9000.
Would you also then support an independent Palestinian state, which is what the P.L.O.
B-Including a gain of $14,850,000 from prior yr's depreciation changes...C-Including a gain of $57 million from a tax adjustment
The researchers noted that by 1980, a slightly larger proportion of those women were in the ''prime childbearing years,'' of 20 to 34 years old.
There is astonishment that former allies in a campaign against human rights abuses in Argentina and against the involvement of Argentina on the side of antileftist forces in Central America should be backing the Argentine military Government on its claim of sovereignty over the Falklands.
Your book touches on other matters, however, that seem almost too self-evident - obvious, really - to require explanation.
''Wayne Wong, a freestyle skier I admired, rode a bike for training and I began doing it, too, when I was 14,'' Lemond said.
The company posted record earnings of $386.3 million, or $7.59 per share, in 1981.
That, along with a salad of sliced fresh tomatoes, french bread and a bottle of Soave, would make a fitting feast for any summer's day.
Professor Bradford was strongly supported by 16 Republican Senators to head the National Endowment for the Humanities but was eventually passed over by President Reagan.
It is being staged by Roger Englander, with, of course, the chamber-music ensemble.
5GARFIELD GAINS WEIGHT, by Jim Davis.
Wholesale prices have climbed this year at a rate of 3.7 percent, compared with 7 percent last year.
In the last tape of the day, Allen M. Dorfman, a Chicago insurance man with ties to a teamster pension fund, was heard telephoning Senator Howard W. Cannon, Democrat of Nevada, whom the defendants are accused of seeking to bribe.
South had to lose a club trick at the finish to the queen and was down 800 points.
In the fiscal year 1982, which ended Sept. 30, $22 billion was paid out for benefits to 10 million people.
Mr. Trudeau said he ''couldn't care less'' whether Mr. Levesque attended.
Complete dinners with soup, main course, vegetables and dessert range from $9 to $12.50, with most at $11.50.
That is also why Ronald Reagan's considered reaction in the weeks to come will leave a profound mark on his Presidency.
The 25th District's Susan Alter and the 28th District's Mary Pinkett should be returned.
This picture is an acknowledged allusion to Brett Weston's portfolio on a similar subject; another altered print of water resembles the wave drawings of the painter Vija Celmins, but pays no overt tribute.
After lunch, she studies from 2 until 6, attends another class from 7 to 9:45 and studies for another hour or so before going to bed.
He speaks sadly about many young people who are less optimistic, ''hanging their heads, not in the nature of young Americans.''
'Remember the Trendlines' Remember the trendlines.
A Period of Change Mrs. Weisberger's decision comes after a period of change for the Philadelphia-based company.
If not, lenders would shy away from repos.
I've been there, and it is something I would not do again.
We did not advertise Maple Run.
They didn't pull no punches, and they didn't want to hear about Little Boy Blue and Cinderella.
A basketball is always going to be round.
''It would have been easy to go along the way things were in the U.S.
In 1972 3M produced Scotchgard Carpet Protector, which, it says, prevents soil from becoming embedded.
The Democrats finish it at a meeting opening Monday in Syracuse.
A more conservative approach involves hedging.
Thus, in noting a $5.9 billion increase in the money supply, you reported on July 17 that a large increase was anticipated in view of an earlier-than-normal distribution of Social Security checks, because of cost-of-living increases in Social Security payments and because of the cut in income tax rates, all involving a shift of deposits from the Government to the public.
But at 11 A.M., when all those people have parked their cars in all the spaces and no one is coming out from the city to take cars away, it is a different story.
The coalition organizing the Greenwich rally found that women calling in for tickets would ask if there was anything else they could do to help.
His living depends upon his selling his product.
Only 11 colleges have accredited programs in ceramic engineering or ceramic science.
Guacamole, the mashed avacado mixture, can be ordered as an appetizer, in which case a dash of the hot sauce adds a necessary piquancy.
Western Union jumped 5 3/8, to 51 7/8, amid unconfirmed reports that Teledyne might make a tender offer or perhaps sell its indirect stake to another party.
He then returned to New York, and in December 1947 resumed the aviation editorship.
Hours are 11 A.M. to 7 P.M., Saturday, and 11 A.M. to 6 P.M., Sunday.
''You can't say that any one person created Harvester's problems,'' said Jerry Anderson, an analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein.
The Justice Department took the position that such a use of CETA funds was ''precluded under recent decisions of the Supreme Court.''
Highway damage in the region was estimated at well over $1 million.
His camera searched for Americans in Paris.
THIS regrettable correlation arises because each individual dot of a letter is produced by activating a print wire in the print head.
The end of an era has come at the Beech Aircraft Corporation.
''It's going to take a package,'' Senator Dole, chairman of the Finance Committee, said.
Last year, Bechtel reorganized its corporate structure to allow firmer control of its myriad projects.
Last year, I played seven games until I dislocated my thumb.
''I'm back in it,'' Tom Watson said.
Maudlin, with Angel Cordero up, was shuffled back to seventh early before closing with a rush.
tower, a retail arcade behind the A.T.& T. Building and an atrium of shops within the Trump structure - but whether these will offset the loss of light, air and sidewalk space remains to be seen.
Many of them had not missed any games in the memory of man.
Mr. Kellen is semiretired now, working four days a week on Rand staff papers with straightforward titles like ''What Makes Terrorists Tick?''
They were taken to a hospital in Beaune.
Certainly the most popular mystery writers - such as Helen MacInnes and John Creasy - are deadly serious.
Now,''Hannah,'' in English translation by Mr. Eliraz, will start performances Jan. 20 at the Harold Clurman Theaer, under Jack Garfein's direction and by special arrangement with Jack Lawrence.
Mr. McCall, like Mr. DelBello, makes a favorable impression at his campaign appearances.
While chorus members sat high in the second tier to check the acoustics, Karen Perlman, a 17-year-old soprano, rehearsed her solo rendition of ''For Your Eyes Only'' from the James Bond film.
But it is only in the well-painted, softly colored street scenes with figures by Alexander Farnham that there is any sense of the tranquility mixed with vague unease that characterizes small-town life and may possibly account for the periodic toing and froing between the city and country in evidence since the Civil War.
''We felt that the community should not interfere, but we felt that arguments advanced by the U.S. were not wholly convincing,'' he said.
Mr. Habash's declaration, as issued by the Syrian press agency, closely paralleled the charges frequently made by Syria's own Government-controlled press against other Arab regimes.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
He said he wanted some water, was given some and said, ''That's good.''
While attending college, he made up one half of a folk duo, The Townsmen.
Sherman Stambaugh, the retired Celanese executive, calls his business the Framecraft Studio and works in the well-equipped basement of his contemporary ranch-type home on Palmer Hill Road.
''I told him I thought Darryl would be very expensive to get,'' said Brown, '' and it was very unfair for me to make that judgment.
With Mr. Fugazy's blue-car plan, the city taxi industry could soon become a canvas of yellows, blues and greens.
''We can bring them to park concerts because there's all that space to set up beds, but we've never done this before.''
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Collard greens and kale are sturdier than spinach but can be prepared in similar ways, sauteed in butter, oil or bacon fat.
She followed the same route last year, coming to this country for the International, where she finished second to Providential II.
Judging from Thursday night's concert by Tandy Beal and Company at the Theater of the Riverside Church, these statements may be articles of faith for Miss Beal, a choreographer from Santa Cruz, Calif.
Authorities feared more monsoon rains would compound the problems of 5,000 rescue workers, who waded through mud and debris in a search for survivors Saturday.
It is impossible to say anything about Christa Wolf's new novel without mentioning ''The Meeting at Telgte'' by Gunther Grass.
Henry Canby served as best man for his brother.
Although it was easy to bemoan the lack of new Nureyevs and Baryshnikovs in its male ranks, the Paris visit demonstrated that 200 years of tradition cannot be destroyed in a decade of turmoil and defections.
Upstate ALBANY Performing Arts Center State University of NY July 14-17, 20-24, Remove Your Toes (new play by Albert Asermely).
Spokesmen for the two American officials said they had no comment on the statement.
The office arrangement was worked out last week with Mr. Church, who was ousted Nov. 9 by a 2-to-1 majority of mine workers.
That clump could not be tapped down; Miss Morse had to hit her approach at the par-4 hole through the mud.
Klossowski has for many years had an underground reputation in Paris as an erotic storyteller, but he was 62 before he had his first one-man show as a draftsman and to most visitors to ''Documenta 7'' he will be completely unknown.
And it set the tone for a generally direct, no-nonsense performance that showed off her abilities without cluttering the evening with too many coy attempts at humor.
For example, American auto executives and consultants recently have been examining Toyota's production control system known as kanban (literally ''sign board'').
American dancers deserve better than that.
The sentence was passed after he abandoned his story about being a double agent and changed his plea to guilty.
But most banks, even those from Britain, are eager to avoid damaging their long-term relations with Argentina, which has always been an excellent customer.
''The only people Marva is answerable to are the parents and the children, and both are satisfied,'' he said.
''There are two important things -the institution acted quickly and the students were very cooperative,'' Mr. Smith said.
Academy, and the Wharton School of Business of the University of Pennsylvania.
1 album, ''Mirage,'' but sales are in such a slump that it is unlikely to achieve more than a fraction of the sales of ''Rumours.''
Dispute Over 1980 Election Neither do the insurgents seem to offer an immediate alternative to the present Government.
So the issue before the Board of Estimate has come down clearly to one of density, nothing else.
Around the Banke Getting There Portsmouth is a five-hour drive from New York City and Strawbery Banke is best reached by taking Exit 7 (Market Street) off Interstate 95 and following the Strawbery signs; it is open daily 9:30 A.M. to 5 P.M. from April 15 to November 15, and by appointment Nov. 16 to April 14.
The American press, she added, while reporting her son's situation, devoted much of its efforts at the time to coverage of the incoming Reagan Administration and the impending release of the American hostages in Iran.
They pore over records of fuel inventories to insure that all the material that went into the reactor came out and was accounted for.
He is also a reporter, attentive to the flow of events, and in this role he has traveled to the front lines of battle.
He has the desire to be the best he can be.''
For ticket information, call 922-0061.
The newspaper invited voters to seek a share of the $10,000 and published Mr. Dickinson's Washington address.
After all, music is the most emotional of the arts - you can move more people with music than with any other artistic medium.
Mr. Smyntek said the shutdown might lead to the additional loss of jobs because of the effect on suppliers to steel plants and various concerns that do business with steelworkers.
Each of the candidates will have four minutes to speak at the July 14 session.
But they said the outlook for the peak of the summer tourist season was uncertain because bookings that would normally have been made in the last two weeks were not coming in.
These proposals fall far short, however, of the demands of the forces in the party that are resisting the NATO decision.
Proponents of the battleship accounted for these numbers by pointing out that enemy soldiers had evacuated areas within range of the New Jersey's guns.
The admission price is $4; $2 for the elderly.
A just-completed study concludes that a plan to renovate several vacant buildings over the next 18 months to house at least 500 Connecticut prison inmates would take too long and cost too much to be feasible.
A three-sentence item on the official press agency said only that the council ''evaluated the current socio-political situation following the recent events'' and ''adopted decisions necessitated by the situation.''
The declarer was John Solodar of New York, who recently became a world team champion.
Olson missed on the first two attempts, knocking off the bar as it brushed his chest.
For example, the lapis lazuli table entailed preparation of the raw wood surface by sanding and filling in imperfections, after which it was given a coat of shellac.
The Domenici-Reagan proposal suggests reductions of $40 billion in unspecified areas of Social Security over three years.
Wages remain the same, and the employee's disposable income will actually increase, because of an employee tax credit.
But Washington refuses to deal with the P.L.O., so it turned to two U.N. officials, then-Secretary General Kurt Waldheim and Under Secretary General Brian Urquhart, who were able to win the P.L.O.
CHRYSLER CORPORATION said last week that it had cut $3 from the price of an average 1983 model.
The commissioners discussed an appeal to the United States Supreme Court, but their environmental attorney, Bill Earle, told them other approaches would get them more for their money.
Dumont F. Kenny, who served as president of two colleges of the City University of New York in the 1960's, died of a heart attack Thursday night at the General Rose Hospital in Denver.
Henoch Mendelsund, a retired vice president of the garment union and director of its archives, was the moving force in developing the I.L.G.W.U.
Moscow, he said, ''will naturally continue to take into account how the other nuclear powers act,'' an escape hatch that could enable the Soviet Union to renounce its promise if the United States, Britain and France did not follow suit.
and fifth by Ring magazine.
The county officials said they favored ''goals of providing control of essential services, insofar as possible, at that level of government most capable of delivering them.''
One, Dr. Jacob Farber, was retiring as president of the Jewish Community Relations Council of the Jewish Federation of Southern New Jersey in Cherry Hill.
And still others seek extra precautions, having learned from painful experience that the sun can burn and blemish the skin.
It was reportedly disabled by the rebels during the attack.
What followed is difficult to describe in believable terms: The President's closest advisers were about to gather to discuss the spirit and faith of the nation.
Beginning in the mid-1970's, Television built a loyal following and won a recording contract through appearances at CBGB, often on the same shows with up-andcoming groups like Blondie, The Talking Heads, and the Patti Smith Group.
New York seems to sense a potential star in Miss Hong, and her career seems to be gathering speed.
Airlift is no substitute, because it cannot move cargoes like tanks or bulk petroleum economically.
''I think women take a lot of things for granted that hadn't even occured to us then,'' said the psychologist.
It's just kids - no matter how many times it happens, 'It won't happen to me.'
Of 84 atmospheric tests during the 1950's, the Albany incident is the only one known in which the airborne radioactive material was washed out of the air by rain before it could dissipate into the upper atmosphere, according to Colonel Keller and David Miller, a spokesman for the United States Department of Energy's Nevada Operations Office.
Still, there are many pleasing touches at Bourbon Street Cafe: hot rolls; lemon sorbet served between courses (though it would be better without the champagne on top); desserts such as a tart lemon meringue pie with an excellent crust, an unusually crispy apple pecan Napoleon, marron coupe (misnamed chestnut puree) and almond coupe.
The rule would have required disclosure of the number of calories in ''low-calorie'' or ''high-energy'' foods and would have required disclosure of information about fat content if assertions about fat or cholesterol were made.
Then, after the first year, studies got more manageable.
''How much do you weigh?''
Centuries after their initial discovery by Spanish explorers in the New World, the native Mexican flowers arrived back in this Hemisphere.
Less Than Lifelike Many experts predict the boom will continue and speech component production will become a $1 billion to $3 billion industry in the next 10 years.
IN the old clean-cut Pat-Boone-Annette-Funicello days of yore, the traditional high-school-graduation, off-to-college present was a portable typewriter.
Everyone seems to think the island is at a crossroads.
Continue sauteing until mushrooms are soft.
Here they first have to bake bricks and then break them up for concrete and cement.''
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The church has also challenged the state over such human rights issues as torture of political offenders and state control of news organizations.
Three bedrooms, two and a half baths, a cavernous living room, an office that looks upon the lake, an enormous den, gold-plated fixtures and a shower big enough to accommodate the Baltimore Colts backfield are too much for one woman to keep up, Mrs. Rawlings said.
Once the two nations are competing on an equal basis, they add, America's huge trade deficit with Japan - a record $18 billion last year - will eventually take care of itself.
His life has been changed.
A few minutes after finishing second on Laser Light in the Derby, Maple said that he did not know which colt he would ride if both went in the Preakness.
''They're going to have swimming and stuff,'' Peter said.
THIS IS THE FINAL VERSION Pct.
''I go around to the firehouses and talk to them as a lawyer to a client,'' he says.
Why won't President Reagan's policy of total reliance on ''the magic of the marketplace'' provide energy security?
At one point in the debate Mr. Baker vowed, ''We are going to finish this bill today, tomorrow, Saturday.''
And they agreed that he has become a more subdued, chastened and perhaps even humbled practitioner of the fiscal arts.
''This is an interest-rate-induced recession, and those products that bear the burden of high interest rates are not in demand.
Mr. Musto forfeited his commission seat and his seat in the State Senate when he was sentenced recently to seven years in prison on Federal racketeering and conspiracy charges.
Planned especially for children are a talk by a cactus expert (10:30) and a demonstration of traditional Puerto Rican toys (11:30).
officials now rank the three largest railroads as the Burlington Northern, No.1 with 29,000 miles of track; the CSX, No.2 with 27,000 miles, and the enlarged Union Pacific as No.3 with 22,800 miles.
Further Drop in Gross Product He thought the sharp rise in the jobless rate could mean a further decline in the gross national product in the current quarter.
They will park their cars in fields and along the roads on both sides of the river and watch the races from distances that often require the use of binoculars.
He spent the next four years on the West Coast, riding in Vancouver, Seattle and at the California tracks, winning about 100 races and $500,000 in purses each year.
These can be accompanied by anemia, palsey, paralysis and psychiatric and central nervous symptom disorders.
Might not use of potent prescription drugs by a performer at an audition give him an unfair edge over the competitor just as it might to the athlete or race horse?
She knew she was doing pretty well, she said, when two of the judges offered to buy her car.
It was the lowest level since the Government began keeping records in 1963.
''The money just keeps flowing in.''
Six Arrests Made Six persons were arrested yesterday, including a former bank executive.
''On Sept. 1,'' he said last night, ''everything is withdrawn.
Harvard had a 5-4-1 record last season and is 59-39-2 in Restic's 11 years.
By now openly siding with Britain, and promising help in case of conflict, Mr. Reagan is belatedly catching up with American public opinion.
The task involves a delicate balancing of Moslem and Christian desires for power and influence in the new Government.
The industry is leaning heavily on the strength of sophisticated specialty steels.
Ivery, who was out almost all of last season with a knee injury, is a first-class halfback whose running and pass-catching abilities open up the offense and narrow the chances for rushing the passer.
James, who has been at Washington since 1975, earns $69,996 in annual salary from the university but also receives money from endorsements, a television program, speaking engagements and other activities, reportedly bringing his total income to about $150,000.
In May, 34 Afghans were being held in the Brooklyn center.
Senator John Heinz, Republican of Pennsylvania, also has said that most social programs cannot sustain further cuts, has supported deferring the next tax cut and urged a cutback in the increase in military spending of from $5 billion to $15 billion.
When buying these ''important'' houses, the purchaser spoke in terms more often associated with romance - ''I'm in love with it'' or ''We'll die if we lose it.''
As President Reagan stressed last week, such a freeze would remove all Soviet incentive to engage in meaningful arms control designed to cut armaments and reduce the risk of war.
With more tests available in the doctor's office, the future might appear bleak for medical laboratories.
complement each other so well, you really could put any center between them,'' said Ftorek.
Pierre Gousseland, chairman and chief executive of the international natural resources concern, said the action was designed to conserve Amax's cash and to strengthen its balance sheet at a time of worldwide recession and depressed markets for metals and minerals.
In 1980 North Carolina, the nation's seventh-largest appleproducing state, had apple sales totaling more than $24 million.
''If I just lift my arm,'' Leary said, ''I can tell.
The South African announcement expressed regret that seven women and children had been killed in ''crossfire.''
FM, the radio station of Columbia University, is presenting 171 hours of the music of Bach around the clock through Dec. 26.
Ada Acosta, 19, another student in the class, thought the whole idea of pleading guilty to a lesser crime when the defendant had committed a more serious one was not right.
The Texas situation, in addition to extreme overcrowding, centered on the widespread use of inmates as guards, gatekeepers, porters and building tenders.
The regulation writers may have calculated that such concessions were a small price to pay for getting the system started, but they didn't figure on the intransigence of the bankers' lobby.
''Summer camp counselor jobs, jobs in resorts, beaches and recreation areas.
But he added, ''I couldn't help reading about his mother and father'' as they testified about their son.
''It's always keen,'' Miss Young said the other day.
To the Editor: On a recent Trans World Airlines flight from Los Angeles to St. Louis, the woman across the aisle from me was served a special lunch.
Since there are no games scheduled, highlights from previous days will be shown.
Effective passing to keep defenses from ganging up on Rogers.
SOME stories are better known, such as the one about Chief Justice Fred Vinson's telling Truman that he could constitutionally seize the steel mills whose workers were about to strike, a case that Vinson knew he would soon rule on.
Mr. Galella made the promise to Judge Irving Ben Cooper in Federal District Court in Manhattan to avoid being sentenced to as much as six years in prison and fined as much as $120,000 for violating a 1975 court order requiring him to stay at least 25 feet from the former First Lady and her children.
The pledge pointedly mentions that violators face fines and imprisonment.
One is overseas calling, a $1.8 billion market in 1981, and the other is calls within a state - a roughly $10 billion market.
State usury laws restrict consumer credit.
* White Consolidated Industries, Cleveland, has elected to its board, Richard M. Cyert, president of Carnegie-Mellon University, Pittsburgh.
Catholics opposed Medicaid abortion financing by 56 percent to 38 percent.
But Mr. Pendleton, President Reagan's choice to head the commission, defended the Administration's opposition to mandatory quotas, goals and timetables for hiring women and members of minority groups.
Mrs. Thompson, shot once in the stomach and once in the arm, died at West Jersey Hospital's Northern Division.
Three fatalities had occurred in New York and one each in Florida and Georgia.
The particulars of rental agreements vary from dealer to dealer.
I think the university will be able to do things they wouldn't ordinarily be able to do because of this money.''
In second place was Sears, Roebuck & Company with $544.1 million last year, up 16 percent from 1980, the magazine reported.
Jacobsen hit every green in regulation today after having missed only one yesterday.
Despite, and perhaps because of Albany's limited involvement, the project, the first such statewide plan in the country, has received high praise, including imitation.
That William Abranowicz more than holds his own in this company is largely due to his prowess as a printmaker, which he acquired as an assistant to George Tice.
Cities blossomed with banners, pennants and other decorations in the national colors, industries and businesses sent their employees home early, and a song with lyrics promising the conquest of the cup and sung by one of the players sold out in record stores and dominated radio air time.
Mr. Adams accused the organization of ''institutional lethargy'' in failing to support the efforts of younger members who illegally freed laboratory animals.
''Tandem has claimed for years that it has a six-year jump on the field because of its software,'' Mr. Bologna says, ''but we leapfrogged that distance by not needing software.''
More than 8,000 of them are officers.
''Recruiting black officers is one of our major problems,'' says Brig.
Two other copies on vellum exist, and there are five copies on paper.
Will, the new boy in town, befriends her.
It has sold l7 million copies.
Only a public company can sell stock or bond issues openly.
President Reagan was portrayed as standing firmly behind his policy on tax cuts and military spending.
''The jury still has the leeway to acquit a defendant if they are persuaded by the evidence he did not know what he was doing at the time the crime was committed,'' said Kenneth R. McClure, Deputy Attorney General.
Played the Percentages ''I played the percentages but it didn't work,'' said Gerulaitis, who beat Wilander earlier this year in Brussels.
Isn't it a bit of a cop-out to use this expression instead of giving a substitute for the omitted salt?
THERE is something heartwarmingly familiar for Yiddish theater fans in ''The Showgirl,'' the musical that has opened at Town Hall under the aegis of the Shalom Yiddish Musical Comedy Theater, which is one of the more dedicated and talented preservationist groups in town.
NBC will not alter its programming to suit Mr. Wildmon and his group, Mr. Block, the network spokesman, responded.
Currently, five of Total's twelve board members are from the French parent.
''It remains to be seen whether the banks can really make a profit at it or not,'' he added.
This was the indicated play to guard against the J-10-4 apparently remaining in the West hand.
Mr. Koerner argued that ''Even if the S.A.T.
You came out there 20 years ago.'
Mrs. Thatcher replied that she had made it known ''that it would be my intention to ask each and every previous Prime Minister if he would agree as a matter of courtesy - whatever the constitutional position.''
Mr. de la Madrid's immediate task, for example, will be to sign an agreement for a $3.92 billion credit from the International Monetary Fund and then begin applying an austerity program aimed at slashing Mexico's public sector deficit by half in 1983.
These offices, together with local nonprofit preservation groups, also normally recommend private preservation consultants, who can handle the paperwork for $100 to $2,000, depending on the complexity and scope of the project.
The poster was the brightest thing in sight.
The Atlantic alliance is made up of the United States, Canada, nine members of the Common Market - Ireland is not in NATO - as well as Iceland, Norway, Portugal and Turkey.
(Mr. Coe remains credited as director, although he returned to England when the company was in Washington, D.C.) And, as of Fort Lauderdale, Dianne Wiest joined the cast, the third actress to play Desdemona in this production and the one Mr. Jones wanted in the first place.
ONLY in recent years has the harpsichord been fully restored to the family of instruments, but its rebound has been little short of spectacular.
The International Business Machines Corporation has shut down its Iranian subsidiary following a dispute with the Government about ownership, the company and the official Iranian press agency, Irna, announced separately.
The exhibition did much to establish Gorky as one of the most inventive and influential artists of the 20th century.
But be warned: the whole cable car system is going out of service Sept. 22 for much-needed renovation and won't return until June 1984 at the earliest.
The bureau described the letter as containing demands labeled ''epistles.''
Asked to jump back 62 years in a flashback -to the time Annie first was courted by her husband - the actress leaps high into the air, as lithe and controlled as a ballerina, and in a few jig steps shakes off all the layers of time she has previously cloaked about herself.
In Marrakesh, I saw how women in gorgeous caftans would put together the most fabulous meals on the spur of the moment with the greatest of ease.
The soup is made with a ble nd of Cheddar and Stilton cheeses, and it is perfectly suited a s the preface to a winter supper.
His multiple Bronx addresses merely reflect a roving nature - 2117 Vyse Avenue, 655 East 233d Street, 711 Walton Avenue, and 665 Prospect Avenue.
But I don't expect any trouble, and I'm not worried about it.
4 official and senior economic expert, thus raising the possibility that the saga of Myer Rashish is about to reach its finale.
Helmut Kohl, the national chairman of the Christian Democratic Party, said it was probable that the Free Democrats had slipped from third to fourth place among national political parties, after the environmentalist groups.
The Buckeyes, who lost to Stanford by 23-20 last Saturday, had not lost successive home games since Michigan State and Northwestern won by 17-10 and 14-10 in 1971.
The books in question are for grades 4 through 8.
The rape of Ruth is shown in flashback, revealing a frightening scene of sadistic vandalism.
The Government scaled down its growth estimate for the economy in the third quarter to zero today and the Commerce Department's top economic official said that the current quarter will do no better and possibly worse.
12BRIDESHEAD REVISITED, by Evelyn Waugh.
Coryell said it took more than three months to get over the depression that followed.
O'Flynn, a native of Ireland, covered the course in 2 hours 22.54 seconds.
As chief executive, he succeeds Henry P. Glendinning, 57, who continues as president.
GIANTS DOWN DODGERS, 3-2, TIGHTEN RACE LOS ANGELES, Sept. 24 (UPI) - Darrell Evans singled to drive in Chili Davis with the deciding run in the eighth inning tonight as the San Francisco Giants defeated the Los Angeles Dodgers, 3-2.
Woody Stephens wouldn't say that Conquistador Cielo was the best horse he's ever seen.
Boeing, which recently laid off several thousand employees, could certainly use the money.
I agree, too, that ''there will always be a need and a place for adoption.''
Sugar Ray Leonard won the W.B.A.
NATO Resistance Is Blamed Why has no such treaty been worked out?
Satisfied stomachs could have accounted for the often indiscriminate enthusiasm.
Last month, the group hoped to use the National Theater here for performances of a Kikiyu-language musical, ''Mother Sing for Me,'' with the production of the English-language play ''The Trial of Dedan Kimathi'' to follow.
''The Japanese really opened up the Far East as a buying center,'' he said.
The decision is due next week.
He was also a founder of Corometrics Medical Systems Inc., which was sold to American Home Products in 1974 for $20 million, a deal that yielded Mr. Catacosinos $2 million.
Ross Barnett, who as Governor refused to order Mr. Meredith's enrollment despite court directives, told the newspaper that he would do the same thing today if he had a chance.
In 1814 Webster rose in the House of Representatives to make an anticonscription speech, still regarded by some as a classic argument against the draft.
Connecticut ended its regular session with no new taxes, a commuter tax and others having been rejected.
Denies His Son Was Violent Under cross-examination by Jack Mallard, an assistant prosecutor, Mr. Williams said it was not true that his son had ever been violent with him.
It's like having one hand tied behind your back.''
They hop and caper with graceful, manly vigor, all the while waving white handerchiefs or, in some dances, clashing wooden sticks.
A professor of securities law at Columbia University discovered that he could no longer receive free copies of the S.E.C.
It is considered more important than a birthday in this Roman Catholic nation.
''Overall,'' the auditors reported, ''we have identified and developed findings which show improper billings to Medicaid totaling about $40.5 million in Federal funds.''
''And Connecticut was a major producer of cameras, cases, chemicals and assorted photographic equipment.''
San Antonio, $15 million, rated A1 by Moody's.
Can a true blue-and-orange fan find happiness in the return of a former Met to New York, if it's in Yankee pinstripes?
The classes will meet twice a week through Aug. 5 at Temple Beth Shalom, 193 East Mount Pleasant Avenue, Livingston.
They will have a harder time doing that and consequently their program services will have to be cut.''
The support for the decision by the nation's bishops to issue a pastoral letter on the arms race came as the chairman of the bishops' Committee on War and Peace responded to a Reagan Administration letter that questioned many aspects of the draft document.
Some of the vignettes in ''Men Inside'' are arresting for reasons that defy simple explanation.
to accept such an option.''
Dutton, is of the opinion that a good novel can help to overcome a company's economic blues.
Here's the anomaly: we like to see China's leaders being sensible, feeding their people by using capitalistic incentives rather than starving them with radical Communist notions: but we don't like to see China getting cozy with the Soviet Union.
Must reservations be made or are there sufficient huts along the way to take care of those who have not reserved?
Othell Wilson added 18 for Virginia.
Also in the cast of Mr. Hiller's film are Arthur Hill and Wendy Hiller.
''Our aim is to keep the children together in the home,'' said Susan Obrecht, a therapist who sees Mrs. J once a week.
It is expected to do so immediately after the elections.
In the northern sections of the county, fewer day-care centers, coupled with higher average incomes, have contributed to sizable waiting lists.
South would clearly need opportunities to lead up to dummy's red-suit combinations.
Pfizer, one of the nation's largest producers of pharmaceuticals, said that net income in the first six months of this year increased 27.8 percent, to $168.8 million, or $2.18 a share, from $132.1 million, or $1.76 a share, in the first half of 1981.
What's the point of a for-sale sign that can be seen only by birds, pilots and executives flying between Danbury and Hartford?
His father, a Basque, ran a tanning business; his mother was French, from Normandy.
And Miss Thomas, an actress of awesome range, indeed becomes a blazing one-person play - just as she dominated ''An Evening with Josephine Baker'' Off Off Broadway two years ago.
The National Football Foundation and Hall of Fame's 14-member awards committee named the Tigers for the MacArthur Bowl, and a five-man committee of the Foot- Final Times computer rankings are on page 8. ball Writers Association of America unanimously voted Clemson the Grantland Rice Award.
''We've just been doing what they give us, and the last two weeks they worked against the pass and gave us the run.
But Boeing, with its headquarters in Seattle, has urged the Pentagon to buy new 747 freighters and used 747 passenger aircraft that would be converted to cargo planes.
Or where torture has been substantially reduced or an election was held or the results were honored because of American influence.
There are two contenders: baseband and broadband.
Nonwhites are more likely to be found in secondary jobs; the sporadic nature of these jobs results in higher unemployment and lower family income for them.
For the Penguins, this was the second of a four-game road trip.
Because the low noise level makes it possible to hold quiet conversations and because the formal and polite captains and waiters make helpful suggestions, a meal at Tse Yang can be relaxing.
Corporations have been financing themselves to a frightening degree with commercial paper (unsecured, short-term notes), a market that last year grew $45 billion, to $165 billion.
Net savings from the program will not be that large, Mr. Svahn said, but they should run ''in the billions'' and far exceed the total cost of the changes.
BY placing a revival of Jerome Robbins's ''The Cage'' and the season's first performance of George Balanchine's ''Square Dance'' on Tuesday night's program at the New York State Theater, the New York City Ballet offered two radically different views of society.
'We Are an Urban Store' ''No, we believe that branches can be a plus but we are an urban store,'' he said.
Citing the high unemployment in the United States, among other economic troubles afflicting Singapore's major trading partners, Tony Tan, Minister of Trade and Industry, announced Saturday night that Singapore's growth had slowed to an annual rate of 7.3 percent in the first quarter of 1982.
Plan to pay about $20 a night for a single, including breakfast.
* Del E. Webb Corp. completed the sale of the Sahara Vegas Hotel/ Casino for $50 million to Paul Lowden, owner of the Hacienda Resort Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas.
In addition to its New York headquarters, Creamer has offices in Chicago, Pittsburgh, Hartford and Providence, R.I. Mr. Strauss said that the buy will be the last for the year.
But on a more sedentary plane, the McKenney Trophy race - concerning master points won in a calendar year - comes into consideration.
Conservative parties currently control 51 of the 95 councils and projections indicated they would increase that number to 54.
The Sirians, technological ly savvy but afflicted with ''the existentials, '' breed to enlarge their industrial base and expand their market economy.
''These others were mostly looking for the affluent reader.''
Mr. Hall said Mr. Gerulaitis was followed on Jan. 17, the final day of the Volvo Masters tournament at Madison Square Garden and the day after Hall and other undercover agents arrested two men - Richard Purvis and Matthew Spurr of Newport Beach, Calif., for trying to buy about $100,000 worth of the drugs.
But the picture has a real poignancy - all the more so perhaps for being set down in a white concrete building in an artificial city on the shores of an artificial lake.
This would be quite a demonstration since real output per hour - the source of growth in worker real wage rates - was about 48 percent higher in 1981 than in 1959.
But if we had to meet I don't think you would think that I was that sort of person.''
Like International Harvester, John Deere and other vehicle and heavy equipment manufacturers, Caterpillar can attribute part of its suffering to the poor economy, analysts say.
...'' Exchanges like this are a regular thing at our winter gatherings, and do much to spoil them.
consolidated close ........ 16% Stock price, 52-week range ..... 27% - 16% Headquarters ................ New York City
The order from the Royal Thai Army will save the 102-year-old Ithaca Gun Company from having to lay off most of its employees, according to John V. Moynes, its president.
''Most people can't afford a new house with a big, walled-off dining room and a bathroom for every person, not at today's interest rates,'' Mr. Mintz said.
It has become a two-way street.
Mobil's Argument Mobil contends that because the deeds specifically referred to the Peace River area as swamp and overflow land, not as a navigable water body, Florida gave it title to the whole area.
Mr. Skutnik, who was treated for exposure at a local hospital and released, had gone to the scene to try to help, but he said his action surprised even him.
Earlier in Hong Kong, gold fell $1.60 an ounce, to $332.63.
Raoul Wallenberg, the Swede credited with saving thousands of Jews from Nazi death camps in World War II, was granted the President's Award of the Overseas Press Club in New York last night.
I t was the ultimate Bruce Sutter time - Cardinals ahead, the other team threatening, but Herzog knows Sutter is a 100-inning-per-year pitcher, not a 150-inning pitcher.
Mr. Kean was slow in getting his two tax bills introduced because he is having trouble enlisting broad support among members of his own party.
What consumers of Cranapple juice are actually drinking, according to the label, where ingredients are listed in order of predominance, is ''filtered water, cranberry juice, high fructose corn syrup, apple juice from concentrate, natural apple flavor, fumaric acid and vitamin C.'' In other words, there is more water than either cranberry juice or apple juice in the product.
- Invention of information-gathering technologies, such as survey research, that let politicians and officials know what the public really wants.
Dr. Baron and others opposed to Dr. Burkitt's theories, in fact, cite the case of the Masai, in Africa, who suffer widely from constipation and yet show a very low incidence of varicose veins.
It has a sadly familiar smell.
We contemplate what appears to be a botto mless pool.
It was summer days drenched with sunlight, fields yellow with buttercups and barn lofts sweet with hay.
John M. Brew, pastor of St. Agnes, said Father Zorza, who is 41 years old, had resided at the church for about four years.
Because of the fighting, residents of Usulutan were not able to take part in the elections on Sunday.
Under some circumstances, Mr. Stockman is known to feel that lowering tax rates can by itself induce economic growth.
''We kindly request that our authorities release for the month of May, the month of St. Mary, all interned women,'' the Archbishop said during a two-hour ceremony marking the departure from Warsaw of an icon of the Black Madonna of Czestochowa.
'It's Like Final Exams' On Monday afternoon, the 12th draft of the speech dropped onto the desk of Robert J. Morgado, Mr. Carey's top aide.
A transit arbitrator ruled last night that the Transit Authority had the right to improve productivity in car barns and maintenance shops by determining work loads through production standards.
Prime Minister Menachem Begin said today that Israel would take steps toward a comprehensive peace in the Middle East, but said it would have to be within the framework of the Camp David accords.
Eastern European countries are unable even to sustain moderate economic growth without credits and high technology from the West.
retreat, all the while telling the Americans what a boon Israel had brought them in enhanced influence in the Middle East.
When 18-year-old Beth Shaver returned from school the other day in San Ramon, Calif., she saw her dirty laundry piled high on the front porch next to a sign that read: ''Notice!
The ordinance requires a business to obtain a license, for a $150 fee, to sell items ''designed or marketed for use with illegal cannabis,'' meaning marijuana, or for drugs.
With Mr. Reagan deciding not to attend Mr. Brezhnev's funeral, Vice President Bush, who is in Africa on an official visit, was designated to head a small delegation to Moscow, in which Mr. Shultz and Arthur A. Hartman, Ambassador to the Soviet Union, will also take part.
Following is the text of a letter from Prime Minister Menachem Begin to the state commission investigating the Beirut massacre, as made public today by the commission and translated by The New York Times from the Hebrew: Jerusalem, 21 Kislev 5743 7 December 1982 President of the Supreme Court, Justice Yitzhak Kahan, Chairman of the Commission of Inquiry investigating the events of the refugee camps in Beirut, Mr. President: I have the honor to reply to His Honor's letter of 8 Kislev 5743 (11/24/1982) and to inform him that I do not intend to exercise the right to cross-examine witnesses or bring evidence.
''What went wrong with our Indochina experience,'' says Mr. Swank, whose State Department career was destroyed by Mr. Kissinger when Mr. S wank became disillusioned with the Cambodia policy, ''was that the bu-reaucracy in Washington wanted 'can-do' pe rsonalities.''
''Now that, I might conclude, is the basic structural flaw that accounts for our impotence.''
In a public appearance in Tashkent on March 24, Brezhnev issued a new appeal to Peking to revive the search for ways to end the Chinese-Soviet feud.
Arum said he first became aware of Kim when the fighter won the Oriental and Pacific Lightweight Boxing Federation championship last Feb. 28 with a decision over Kwang Min Kim, no relation.
But Joan Sutherland doesn't want to sing it any more, and the Met has not yet found another singer of similar stature to warrant a revival.
''The art director's canvas lies behind the actor's left ear and beyond his shoulder,'' says Assheton Gorton, who designed the sets and chose the locations for ''The French Lieutenant's Woman'' and who manifests the modesty and pride that are essential to the motion-picture art director's craft.
Union Carbide, for example, announced last month that it would withdraw from its Government contract after nearly 40 years of running the Y-12 weapons-fabrication facility in Oak Ridge, Tenn., so it could concentrate on its chemical business.
Honolulu's huge hotels and apartment towers have spoiled Waikiki for many visitors.
Morning and evening, local farmers deliver about 1,300 gallons of milk to the dairy from cows fed only on fresh fodder.
Mr. Logan joined an Olin predecessor in 1931 and in 1965 became executive vice president and a company director.
In New York City, spokesmen for the police department said the carotid hold was in standard use.
For the new Queen, the warm reception actually began Thursday night, as she rounded the Cornish coast.
Mr. Lehrman, now the party's designated candidate for governor, will be in a primary contest against Mr. Curran.
By the end of the month the average stream flow, another important indication of water supplies, was reported at nearly 200 percent of the normal amount.
I wanted to make sure he's not thinking vengeful thoughts.''
With his skillful intermingling of bagpipelike sonorities, Celtic themes and martial drum patterns, however, Mr. Oldfield occasionally succeeded in evoking heroic mythological struggles.
With my work finished in Hollywood I'm off to Cincinnati, or Dallas, Philadelphia, or Atlanta, or back to New York to wait for my next assignment.
''This will save us in marketing costs for two seasons, and in start-up costs for the spring, which were very, very high.
The members of the Board of Estimate, when confronted with a choice between Lincoln West and no development, did the responsible thing in voting for the proposal.
One of the actions aimed at the Soviet Union is to ''reduce the level of activity'' under existing agreements for technical cooperation in four areas: medicine and public health, environmental protection, agricultural research and atomic energy.
CBS, however, in gaining rights to sell video cassettes from that library attained the lesser of its two goals.
The Brewers, who lead the major leagues in five hitting categories, did get their 203d home run of the season today when Gorman Thomas popped one into the left-field seats in the second inning.
The teams then traded baskets and at the 5:14 mark , Evansville used stalling tactics until 2:18 remained.
Mr. Bryan's left pelvis was broken in three places, his right pelvis in one and his left leg, too.
Interest rates rose as dealers cut prices in an effort to attract investors to a heavy supply of new Treasury issues at the same time as corporations and local governments are also borrowing large amounts.
If ratified, the agreemen t with Gulf is likely tobe a model for the industry.
In this vastly more hospitable climate, Wilkins was given the reins of a loosely organized but half-million-member army.
Sources close to negotiations say the Gold offered Carpenter a guaranteed contract worth $350,000 to play the 18-game regular-season schedule of the U.S.F.L.
Miss Green said that Hackensack Water was taking every possible precaution to avoid upsetting the communities.
From Dec. 3, 1929, to Jan. 9, 1930, the Bruins won 14 in a row.
I have no evidence to support it except the physical proximity.
A motorist crossing the Fal River this afternoon on the engagingly named King Harry Ferry gave voice to an attitude infrequently heard in London but more widely voiced outside the capital.
In brief, the sheer scope is extraordinary.
Sir Frederick set the dancing in a park, and the original costumes and blue-sky, white-gate decor by William Chappell, have been beautifully reconstructed by Edward Burbridge.
Homestake Mining lost 7/8, to 22 1/8; ASA Ltd. was off 3/4, to 32; Dome Mines, 1/2, to 8 7/8, and Campbell Red Lake, 3/8, to 11.
But at the prices they are charging, they should also offer a truffle flavor - tartufo - as the superrich chocolate ice cream is called in Italy.
One of the graduates, Brenda Berkman, was the lawyer who first filed the class-action suit charging the Fire Department with discrimination against women.
Cut off and discard the stems from the beets.
Hospitals are now legally required to include the cost of caring for indigent patients in the rates they charge insurers and Government health care programs.
A center island was built and outfitted with knife and lid drawers, and a sheet-metal hood with an integrated pot rack was hung above the cooking surface.
Her husband, Laurence Gold, a vice president in a family business called Frankel Associates, has retired at 49 and plans to devote time to photography, travel and other pursuits.
These spring Sundays it is especially pleasant because it is closed to auto traffic.
Just because the orchestra was a technical challenge, Mr. Rampal couldn't permit it to patter along.
Why should the United States persuade Israel to ''negotiate more flexibly''?
Many developers have run into trouble obtaining water-quality permits.
"We have indentified the media as one of the outstanding elements of New York."
Using a pair of kitchen scissors, cut off the end and top of each dried chili.
We wandered through a maze of stone streets and stairs spreading up a hillside.
4-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath ranch $106,000 4-zone heating; 1 acre; taxes $958 Sales in Other Areas Larchmont, N.Y. Senate Place 7-room, 2 1 /2-bath colonial $131,000 bu ilt 1956; den; country kitchen; taxes $3,493 Clifton, N.J. 26 Charles Co urt 4- bedroom, 1 1/2-bath split-level $115,000 gr eenhouse; large terrace; taxes $1,660
The celebrities, however, had more going for them than just glitz; most of them were connected with the theater.
Hilmer Kenty still doesn't know why he quit.
''It's been through three floods.
However, we do not usually simmer white sauce for an extended period.
''You in this country call this an agreement between sister cities,'' he observed.
Which he didn't want to make.
My difference of opinion with Mr. Leibowitz is on how fast and high those increases can come in terms of an unknown future, exacerbated by the general economic climate and changes at the National Endowment for the Arts.''
Herndon knocked in another run in the fourth with a sacrifice fly.
Some Jets were afraid of the role because they thought it would cost them their jobs as players.
The Westar 5 mission cost $70 million.
Mr. Hodgkins serves under Gov.
The other players the Giants were considering at that point were believed to be offensive linemen.
They launched their armies against the newly created Jewish state, and by the time the fighting stopped and an armistice line was drawn in 1948, the hostile front ran through the heart of Jerusalem, dividing the city as cruelly as Berlin.
The closely related principles guiding his mind appear to be, first, that, since staying on in the seaside house was the plan he and his wife had settled on together, it has substance that other behavior must lack; second, that happiness in Florida amid throngs of cheery shuffleboarders is a mode of unreality; third, that the least comfort is somehow the best.
William McGuire, who has worked on the series since 1948 and who has written an account of the entire Bollingen undertaking - ''Bollingen: An Adventure in Collecting the Past'' - that Princeton will publish in October, says that after Mary Mellon died in 1946 it was clearly Barrett who gave the series its direction and broadened its interests.
''The thing is, people in business use language that you normally wouldn't put into print.''
The former medic, Van R. Brandon, said that he followed orders to prepare false records on four tests in Nevada in 1956 and 1957, and saw false documents prepared for a 1955 test.
The study was sponsored by three associations of public colleges and was designed to provide the first comprehensive survey to determine who receives financial aid and whether that aid is being distributed in accord with the intent of the aid legislation.
TISCH: The question is whether all of us move back to the banks when they pay an equivalent rate... KURTZ: ...Whether the funds maintain the present base or have a very pronounced deterioration.
The analyst noted, however, that the company still had assets, such as planes and its profitable World Services division, that it could sell.
That is not, however, the reason for my high color.
The women are believed to live in the Wallington and Passaic areas, which have large Polish-American communities.
''One of the big advantages and big successes of the Peace for Galilee campaign is that I believe that we succeeded, by means of a limited war with the Syrians, to postpone, perhaps to prevent, an all-out war with the Syrians.''
It is part of a continuing inquiry into the impact of crime on ways of life throughout the city and its suburbs, and its handling by the police, prosecutors and courts.
The Governor will respond this week with a request to the Legislature to withdraw a portion of state aid to schools that do not adopt an effective minority recruitment program.
To maintain popular support, Mr.
operates like a commercial bank.
The company has acquired a computer-linked machine that will transmit the needed designs from Sunnyvale to Felton, but it is only used as a backup for the pigeons because of the expense.
But medical care costs continued to soar.
The Israelis need some military running room to the east and guarantees against military buildups beyond that frontier.
''The United States is making the same mistake with the P.L.O.
The invention of Dr. Levitt, a professor of speech and hearing sciences, is a portable device to help the deaf communicate by phone.
''The supreme and unique pleasure of love,'' he wrote,''lies in the certainty that one is doing evil.''
At times there is a resonance, and you think that now it's going to come - but then he quickly wipes it away again.... Whatever the reason, he keeps secrets from us.''
But Mr. Weschler is surely right to find genuinely heroic elements in Mr. Irwin's solitary passion, his career as ''an artist who one day got hooked on his own curiosity and decided to live it.''
For Long Island Rail Road information, call 739-4200 in New York City.
Connors and Elliot Teltscher, with 0-2 marks, were eliminated.
''We have enough to create a national crisis,'' he said.
Or were they expressing a more complicated and qualified sentiment?
Monsters haunt a New York family seeking peace in rural Maine.
He sees the story as one of those revelations that exact a high price emotionally but help a writer to understand his past and ''get ready for some future mortality.''
The other participants are Uthman Abdur-Rahman, Carl Burger, Anne Dushanko-Dobek, Mel Edwards, Judith Fleischer, Riva Helfond, James Ruban, Natalie Pullman and Willy.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
According to the dentist, the judge said, ''As soon as I get a report on it, I will look into it.''
* Central Hudson Gas and Electric Corp.'s offering of 900,000 common shares was priced at $19.25 a share by underwriters headed by Kidder, Peabody and Co. * Columbia Pictures' subordinated sinking fund debentures were upgraded to AAA from BBB-minus and removed from ''Creditwatch'' by Standard & Poor's Corp. * Dan River Inc. filed with the S.E.C.
came the shout from the crowd.
His father, an investment manager for the National Y.M.C.A.
A Kemp ally analyzes the situation more bluntly, saying events have handed Mr. Kemp ''virtually a no-lose situation.
''Hubert saved us again,'' Coach Julio Mazzei said.
Cooper already makes commercial, industrial and institutional outdoor lighting products.
Directors began to gain substantial independence and many evolved into multipurpose ''hyphenated'' filmmakers - men and women who not only directed films but also often wrote and produced them.
Before expounding the charms I discovered there, I had best explain that I may be an exception among travelers.
It's not my problem anymore.'
Bach's ''Wedding Cantata'' is the principal work on the Aug. 22 program with the soprano Susan Belling and Rudolph Palmer conducting.
The case began in 1971, when Mid-America Dairymen Inc. filed an antitrust suit against the farm group, a nonprofit organization founded as a lobbying unit by farmers in 1955 that grew into a dairy marketing organization in the 1960's.
Old Meese Associates Involved However, much of the leadership for the campaign has come from California Republican conservatives, some of whom have been associated in the past with Edwin Meese 3d, counselor to President Reagan.
''We thought we had a lock on the game with a 3-0 lead and just 4 minutes to go,'' said Smith, who played goal in each game of the series.
Maestro Sidlin will conclude the evening with the Beethoven Seventh Symphony.
''Like insisting I pay $50,000 in renovation costs and giving me a lease I couldn't ever sell - when my wife and I were thinking about retirement in a couple of years.''
The officials acknowledged, however, that the Administration had created a political problem for itself by failing to consult with Congressional leaders before the President made his thinking publicly known.
Lamenting the ''deterioration of instruction in mathematics and science in our pubic schools,'' Mr. Branscomb said ''Japanese, German and Soviet children are given much more thorough preparation for working and living in a technological world.''
Breeders and owners, despite the tremendous tax benefits of raising race horses, want, and have historically wanted, to turn their money around - fast.
Because the ballet depicts fertility rites, some choreographers devise an uninterrupted mating dance.
The bottom line of the legal reasoning is the ''right of every individual to the possession and control of his (sic) own person,'' affirmed by Judge Gerald Mager of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit in Florida in his 1973 ruling on the first case in which an unmarried man tried to enjoin his girlfriend from having an abortion.
But we argue out loud and we keep trying, and improvements are made.
''But the critics went at it with a hatchet.
Some orchestra tickets at $20, some third ring tickets at $14 and fourth ring tickets are available.
Will a previously undervalued piece have found new friends among the general audience or have gained new prestige among professionals?
Miguel Vasquez is the first aerialist to achieve the quadruple somersault, a goal that has eluded circus performers throughout the 123-year history of the flying trapeze.
The $9 million raised from the corporations in Hartford, said Mr. Anderson, is probably going to be structured as a 20-year, 10 1/2-percent loan.
Golf: $350,000 LaJet Classic, Fairway Oaks, Abilene, Tex.
''The Holly and the Ivy,'' which is being staged at the newly renamed Susan Bloch Theater (formerly the Roundabout Stage Two), does have a potentially fascinating protagonist.
All they would say is, 'It's not my call.'
But for investors who follow a long-term strategy, convertible bonds are a better investment than common stocks or bonds, said Rohit Desai, senior vice president of the Morgan Bank and manager of the largest (over $800 million) convertible pool of securities.
Colonel Lousma and Col. C. Gordon Fullerton of the Air Force rode the Columbia into an orbit of the earth 10 1/2 minutes after they left launching pad 39-A.
Among the Browns' new acquisitions was a semipro pitcher named Sig Jakucki.
We started the season without a rotation.
But the withdrawal plan could not be put into effect until Israeli and Lebanese negotiators, this time meeting face-to-face, reach agreement on establishing a 27-mile, artillery-free buffer zone in south Lebanon, the official said.
But the Cosmos triumphed in their opening game this season in a downpour at Jacksonville.
And you haven't spoken to Sotheby's?''
Two days ago, it reported a token earnings increase for the Jan. 31 quarter, although sales expanded by nearly 50 percent.
His brother, Peter, nodded in agreement.
''I train to feel good.
One of the reasons the P.L.O.
Of all the parties involved, it is RKO General, the parent company of WOR, that is doing the most rejoicing.
's problems and prospects as the same as the rest of the industry.
The proposal was made when it was still possible, if accepted, to play a 12-game season.
* Mr. Smith says that only the governments that tend to agree with the United States were invited to San Jose; that Cuba, Nicaragua and even Mexico and Venezuela were excluded.
His clear, precise prose moves effortlessly from the satirical to the lyrical.
The suit is reported to charge the dissident group with using the proxy fight to force a highly profitable repurchase of their shares, and management executives with wasting corporate funds for the buyout solely to retain their jobs, having lost a preliminary tally last month to the dissident group.
The company took an after-tax charge of $529 million for phasing out its primary steelmaking facilities over the next 18 months and the closing of some steel finishing and fabricating centers.
King in the Massachusetts Democratic primary.
Ford researchers, meanwhile, have their own information to pass along to those who attend.
It was not only a night of philosophy and theater, it was an evening of fun.
Bay Ridge is part of School District 20, which includes Bensonhurst, Borough Park and part of Sunset Park.
We always have three to five projects in development.
In my experience of news photos a single word is usually worth a thousand pictures.
In addition, farm income, on which Omaha's industries depend, has been dropping to one of the lowest levels since the Depression.
Both organizations hold championship tournaments, but the A.I.A.W.
Three decades later, New York State breeders persuaded the Legislature that the state that had year-round racing at four major tracks and offered the richest purses should improve its breeding.
I look for technique, of course.
Surveys and questionnaires indicated that more than 15,000 residents needed transportation from rural homes to stores, medical and health facilities, business and professional offices, recreation and community centers, libraries and to the homes of friends and relatives.
Mrs. Segal served a splendidly made tangerine ice with a tiny portion of Grand Marnier on top.
David Russell wrote in a later issue: ''The motions are all directed without my knowledge.
So far, we've mentioned nine or 10 players we'd give up, but the Reds have been holding out for a better one.
The landlords have not suggested a percentage increase yet, but Roy Stillman, president of the Apartment Owners Advisory Council, said they will do so after studying the figures from the state.
His chief claim to fame was his early investigation of ''The Plumbers,'' who were caught in the Watergate complex with ties to the Republican Party and the White House.
Before the second period ended, though, Lars Lindgren took advantage of Smith being out of position and beat Denis Potvin, who was trying to fill in for his goaltender while Smith was sprawled alongside the cage.
FOR more than 20 years Theodore H. White has worked devilishly hard to hold his position as chief chronicler of America's national electoral process.
They were always pushing and pulling at ideas, and these ideas generated a tension, even passion, between them.
Assigned to the match as umpire was George Armstrong, a formal kind of official.
Peter Gilbert, the owner of the Rockies, met with Robert Sedgewick, general counsel of the Toronto Maple Leafs and vice chairman of the league's Board of Governors, who serves as the special committee chief.
The Jets quickly came back, scoring on their opening drive in which, on three plays run without a huddle, they did the fooling and produced a touchdown on a Todd-to-Wesley Walker 29-yarder.
''We'll give him a pass in the first round.''
For information, call the Connecticut chapt er of the Community Associations Institute at 278-0700.
But the call never comes.
After a century of dressing like somber brown birds,men seemed to yearn for colorful plumage agai n. The moment passed.
Rinse well between the leaves.
The various kinds of fish are served broiled with a thin, buttery topping of bread crumbs.
Some passes must be bought outside the country or countries where you use them.
It was not NBC's fault, of course, that the games were less than gripping.
Surveys indicate that most believe the cost to be twice as much as it is.
The British pound edged up to $1.78675 in Europe from $1.78425.
1 in an increasingly pluralistic international system, in which America's new position represents, as Mr. Calleo puts it, ''not so much the decline of America as the revival of the world.''
Fitted clothing is the new direction, and the length is apparently to be decided by the eye of the beholder.
Mr. Ruttenberg, who is 66 years old, stepped down, it said, to give more time to other activities.
In our innocence, we like to think of the writer alone, a n imperial self, bearlike or tubercular in a cave or a garret, e xorcising dybbuks and eating mice.
Rich Gossage, who last saved a game on May 23, has been ineffective in his last three appearances and lately has complained of not feeling well.
Each page has a thinly framed black and white picture that amplifies the few lines of story set below it.
It's either glamorous or it's terrifying.
Mr. Capecelatro said that he had intended to stay neutral through a primary election contest, but that he had concluded that the party's chances in the November election could be jeopardized if he did not act to recommend what he called ''the strongest possible Republican ticket.''
The present ceiling is $1,143.1 billion.
The United States vote was also regarded as providing an auspicious sendoff for President Reagan, who is due to start a visit to Brazil, Colombia and Costa Rica on Dec. l. Western diplomats said that, after the United States announced Tuesday that it would vote with the Latins, Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher personally appealed to Mr. Reagan for an abstention.
The ceremony was perf ormed in Our Lady Chapel of St. Patrick's Cathedral by the Rev.
In the current negotiations, American auto executives say that the wages and benefits of an auto worker in the United States cost $8 an hour more than in Japan.
Union leaders have generally defended the provisions, saying chronic absentees hurt the quality of cars being produced and make working conditions difficult for others.
Since most of them fill their beds with paying patients, they aren't eager to serve those lacking medical coverage or cash.
Our officers had developed their own favorites among the possible acquirers.
A number of makers of whole-grain breads are also favoring earthy tones.
Mr. Gilliland: ''I'm not at liberty to say.''
When the Sandinists came to power in 1979, two-thirds of the children were malnourished, much of the country's physical plant destroyed, the treasury empty, and the Government $1.6 billion in debt to foreigners.
Mr. Koch's barrage of television advertising had not, evidently, moved the voters, Mr. Garth agreed.
Maltbie's only birdie came at the 16th, a difficult par 3 of 204 yards, where he ran in a 20-foot putt.
He did not say what punishment those convicted received.
Stuffed with fat stored in the summer, they doze through months of snow and ice, which might otherwise starve them to death by depriving them of forage.
The yr-ago results have been restated to reflect a change in accounting for foreign currency translations
Several plays had been called in the huddles of legislators who wanted to repeal the tax.
Just before that, there had been an attack on Israeli officials in Vienna.
On Jan. 9, 1977, Oakland beat Minnesota, 32-14, before 103,438 fans, and on Jan. 20, 1980, Pittsburgh defeated the Los Angeles Rams, 31-19, before 103,985.
One suspect was tackled by a private security guard in the hotel lobby and captured.
Frequent Raids on the Island Iraq has carried out frequent air raids on Kharg Island throughout the 26-month war against Iran.
David N. Levinson William V. Roth Jr.* 0 1 1 1 FLA. Lawton Chiles* Van B. Poole 11 4 15 19 GA. - - 9 1 10 10 HAWAII Spark M. Clarence J. Matsunaga* Brown 2 0 2 2 IDAHO - - 0 2 2 2 ILL. - - 10 14 24 22 IND.
Not even loose specimens could be found, much less trilobites firmly embedded in living rock.
Resorts International, which the magazine had labeled a ''mismanaged, unscrupulous, mob-tainted company with the morals of an alley cat,'' and Mr. Maressa, whom the magazine called ''callous, stupid, devious, sneaky and unprincipled,'' both argued that the New Jersey Supreme Court ruling had in effect deprived them of their right to maintain a suit for libel.
There is no pretense that the Soviet Union does not support the crackdown wholeheartedly - to argue the contrary would be simply too ludicrous.
''God loves us all just like His own children,'' Bessie said.
At the time the film was being made, from 1978 through 1980, the Australian-born and bred Dr. Caldicott was a pediatrician, a specialist in cystic fibrosis, attached to the Harvard Medical School.
It added that $57 million more was already overdue, and expressed doubt that that money would ever be collected.
They will tear the seats out of the theater.''
Nancy was at my side within the hour, taking charge.
Until dense pack can be shown to provide a safe site, buying MX for it now is to buy the wrong missile at the wrong time for the wrong base.
Thomas O. Enders, Assistant Secretary of State for Inter-American Affairs, told a House subcommittee today that Nicaragua was ''engaged in a campaign of destabilization'' in El Salvador.
On one recent day the jury spent only 35 minutes in the box after waiting for six hours.
The brief is essentially a roadmap to the Administration's constitutional vision.
That's the one Charles Evans went to.
''And now the uncertainty the nation has been dealing with has caught up to us here, too.''
E. Gerald Corrigan, who was Mr. Volcker's first special assistant, initially worked with Mr. Volckers at the Federal Reserve Bank in New York, where the chairman was president before moving to Washington.
''When all you guys leave town,'' she says, ''it's so easy to get into restaurants, so easy to get theater tickets.''
''Letters to Phil'' tells of a lost New York.
William E. Bailey, senior vice president for claims at the Commercial Union Insurance Companies, a Boston concern that insured UNR against some claims in the asbestos case, said the possibility that UNR, or one of the other major defendants in the asbestos suits, would file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy ''has been the biggest fear of the plaintiffs in the case.''
Mr. Serrano's first move was to buy an $86,000 house in Jackson Heights, Queens, for his wife and four children.
He estimates the average peddler works 240 days a year.
The funds are distributed on the basis of county-by-county census figures on families living on poverty incomes.
An active Republican, Mr. Hampton is vice chairman of the Manhattan Republican Committee and his political friends include Vice President George Bush and the late Nelson Rockefeller who helped Mr. Hampton build a housing development in Harlem.
The force of the blast was equivalent to that of 15 million tons of TNT.
Under a plan outlined in a consent decree, all but 250 of Willowbrook's 5,000 patients would be transferred to community residences or small facilities.
The session was called to eliminate a deficit that is expected to reach $83 million in the current fiscal year.
''Meanwhile,'' he said, ''we are making preparations to go ahead and pass a budget.''
A test-ban is one kind of ''freeze'' that is manageable and advantageous.
Sal Pellegrino, a burly 215-pounder with Nautilus of Elmsford, heads that fitness center's staff of 10.
Most youngsters played soccer and hockey.
The United States has invested nearly $1.8 billion in aid to Bangladesh over the past decade, much of it in the form of food.
Hospital officials will not blame the increase solely on the pressures of development.
Bonus System Questioned Individuals outside the company said they thought Pepsico's bonus system was a factor in the profit overstatement.
Porgies are good-sized but not plentiful.
He has socialized with the leading lights of literature, music, politics and journalism: Leonard Bernstein, Lillian Hellman, Lyndon Johnson, Benjamin Bradlee, Iphigene Ochs Sulzberger and McGeorge Bundy.
estimated that 2.4 million to 2.5 million people were in prison camps, but State Department and other experts put the figure at one million.
''There was once a kid whose mother died, and they didn't have money for either a funeral or for him to go to the funeral.
''To see what you went through.
That Republican proposal seems sound to some Democrats but it has drawn intense opposition from the labor leader on the panel, Lane Kirkland.
The Pentagon was also said to be balking at a provision that Israeli experts accompany captured equipment sent to the United States to observe any tests and that the American conclusions be shared with Israel.
When the play had ended, Bailor, the potential tying run, stood on third and Kingman on first.
What's more, the lie wouldn't relieve me of the bleak reminder that I am totally lacking in necktie moxie.
Dan Errico, 21 years old, of Hackensack, N.J., and Joe Burke, 21, of Albany, were arrested at their dormitory room at the Peddie School here, where the university team has a preseason camp, police said.
He paid huge purses to boxers at the matches he promoted and he lived lavishly.
The 4-year-old fawn-colored pug is owned by Robert Hauslohner and last year won 75 groups, more than any toy dog in America, which earned him the Ken-L Ration award.
'So Few Are Accepted' ''We have a very high success rate for women who get jobs,'' she said.
''It could turn out to be one of the persons responsible,'' the Attorney General speculated today before adding, ''It could be nothing at all.''
All shows play at least 24 performances.
That's why they deliberately design speakers to sound like glorified bullhorns.
When Kim Fellner learned that President Reagan was to be the recipient of the 1981 award, she wrote a letter to the national board's executive committee asking them to intervene.
One reason Humana has been able to recruit doctors for dozens of new offices is that new physicians in unprecedented numbers are coming out of the medical schools and graduate programs eager to be of service.
And he is a genius at quoting from others to his own advantage.
Now he says, ''People are more individual here, and I no longer needed the security of an uptown address.''
However, such comparisons are little solace to a raft of manufacturing industries, who have seen production slip sharply since the third quarter of 1981.
He got his first ''kill'' there with his Spitfire, downing a Messerschmitt 109.
Opening Q. Mr. Weicker, why should the voters of Connecticut re-elect you on Nov. 2?
The other ''must'' in England is the Wildlife Preservation Trust on the Channel island of Jersey, sometimes known as the Durrell Zoo, for Gerald Durrell, the great nature writer and its guiding spirit.
But this winter Mr. Gimbel is locked in an unexpected lawsuit instituted by one of the world's largest corporations.
The posts do not require confirmation by the Senate.
I shared a room with him until I moved in with my girl friend.
The number of Californians of Mexican descent almost doubled in the decade, and in Los Angeles County now accounts for nearly 30 percent of the total.
Sedona was named for the wife of an early settler in the canyon - among those pioneer travelers west who found what they wanted among the red rocks and searched no further.
On Feb. 11, Paramount informed Mr. Cohn that it was dropping out.
C IVILIZED is perhaps a good word, too, to describe Addison on Madison, at 698 Madison Avenue (62d Street), a new shop devoted to men's shirtings made in France.
But at a meeting at the center yesterday, Charles Young, Mr. Pei's associate, told executives that he was not withdrawing.
Derek's character is so poorly drawn that it's only after he begins keeping Barbara a prisoner, beating her so badly that she develops one of the more convincing black lips in screen history, that his problems become apparent.
The Turtle - a submersible craft propelled by its one-man crew - was invented by David Bushnell and piloted by Ezra Lee.
B-Net income; 1980 results restated for FASB Statement No 43 for accounting forcompensated absences which decreased 1980 net income by $41,000
A reporter raised that question yesterday - ''Will you resign your office to give the next Mayor a better shot at the job and be more fair to the people of the City of New York?''
The exhibition of 53 sketches at the National Academy includes 37 depicting battles or troops on the move.
Though each of the five writers chose, for different reasons, to live in this particular setting at this particular time, because ''the world of literary London, its clubs and power brokers, looked at them askance or with the kind of tolerance that incorporates disdain,'' an aura of romantic exclusion set them apart.
JOSEPH D. MONTICCIOLO, Regional Administrator, U.S. Dept.
There is a chapter of old-timers at Castle Hill down in Florida, and the mah-jongg players say there were 250 people at its last meeting.
The Hudson's waters lap up onto the dilapidated wooden structures that have fallen into the river, and broken baggage carts are scattered around the ferry terminal.
''We went to a gas station where others were rounded up and were blindfolded by having our shirts tied around our eyes,'' said the refugee, who requested anonymity for fear of reprisals.
Some people suggest that the upper level of management is trying to capitalize on DeBusschere's name and image, that it is still clinging to the past.
''From those figures I subtract mortgage debt of $135 million and come away with a net replacement value of $46 million to $77 million,'' he said.
The agency said that if instead it had allowed the bank to fail and then paid off its depositors, the total cost to the F.D.I.C.
''The professionals are traveling entertainers who perform at public festivities,'' Miss Saleh said.
And according to Dr. Joseph Murphy, chancellor of CUNY, ''A high school equivalency diploma is a passport for entering the economic mainstream of New York.
Among them, there seemed to be no enthusiastic backers of the idea of involving the United States.
The two men are like a good American ticket, complementing each other's strengths.
56, Fred Quillan, c, 6-5, 260; Oregon; 4th year; Big, smart, determined center, something playoff teams need.
A Standard of Conduct drafted by the American League of Lobbyists would do little but urge lobbyists to ''place the public's interest above all others, giving loyalty to the highest ethical principles and to the nation, above loyalty to employer, client or personal interest.''
At General Motors, which ended a nine-month freeze on white-collar merit increases in March and cut the salaried payroll by 28,000 people, another cost-saving campaign, the demotion of foremen, clerks and other nonunion employees has touched off a bitter reaction.
He will wear a muted red, floor-length robe with a scooped neck and wide sleeves, tied with a red cord belt.
Dairy products rose six-tenths of 1 percent in the month.
Allied was being asked to buy a small percentage of Bendix that it would later swap for a Marietta division, sources said.
With the agreement in Albany, the M.T.A.
And stripped-pine furniture is also a favorite decorating element in uptown executive offices as well as in stark contemporary houses.
In addition, France backed an Egyptian peace plan that was opposed by Israel.
Pringle, wondered, how many sandwiches would that represent?
It gives you a chance to explore the sexual nature of Shakespeare.''
Miss Berman, a law assistant to Civil Court Judge Herbert Kramer, graduated from Brooklyn College and the Fordham Law School.
In the second game, Steve McCatty (4-1) made a successful comeback after a two-week layoff caused by a sore shoulder.
For large numbers of taxpayers, this week was not a pleasant one.
More information is available from Society Expeditions, 723 Broadway East, Seattle, Wash. 98155 (800-426-7794).
Indeed, none of the nation's four major automobile manufacturers, which have provided the city with its identity and, until recently, its prosperity, are in downtown Detroit.
The block trading desk at one investment house reported that much of the selling came from professional traders, rather than from any marked liquidation by institutional investors.
''Gardner is not quite the romanticist that Fleming was, but he's keeping pace with the espionage techniques.''
There is an interesting Japanese-style breakfast with grilled fish, tea and rice porridge.
The official said any effort to resolve the crisis would inevitably include arrangements that take into account Israeli concerns that Lebanon will not serve as what he called a ''launching pad'' by Palestinian gunners directing fire into Israel.
The prisoners were assembled today on a gravel parade ground at the big Vahdati air base at Dizful, about 65 miles east of here, for interviews by correspondents.
And that is a salutary landmark for an Administration that came to office not really believing a human rights policy was needed.
The next night, against the Houston Rockets, he had a career high of 20 points and eight assists.
Instead, the midwife made out a birth certificate listing another couple, American citizens, as the natural parents, and gave the baby to them.
''Most likely, these agreements would be made within a nonaggression pact,'' he said.
The Federal Communications Commission and perhaps the local public utility commissions.
A T-38's radio button is on the throttle, but it is not known whether Major Lowry tried to warn his wingmen.
Marianna Tcherkassky and Danilo Radojevic led the Kingdom of the Shades scene from ''La Bayadere,'' giving impressive performances of their kind.
SOME believe that if forks go on the left, knives on the right and plates in between, there isn't much more to be said about setting a table.
Management, with protean ingenuity, finds all sorts of ways to avoid invoking the cross-default clauses and declaring a loan in default.
He still enjoys considerable popularity among voters, 40 percent of whom rated his performance as ''good'' in a recent poll.
The plain-speaking general has for the most part been as good as his word since 1979, when he became the fifth in a parade of military rulers since the armed forces seized power in Brazil 18 years ago.
Saudis Hope Harad Will Be a Model The infusion of private capital enabled Harad to produce 2,000 tons of wheat in 1979 and to double its production in each succeeding year.
And in the end, he did come home in a pine box, to a Salinas cemetery during the last week of December 1968.
But with a chance to cut deeper into the Suns' lead, Richardson missed on a circus shot with 19 seconds left on the 24-second clock and moments later, Randy put up a shot with 22 seconds left.
He was graduated in 1942 from Indiana, where he played both ways at tackle and was drafted by the Green Bay Packers.
The idea for the novel arises out of my lifelong work on language.
In contrast to those Republicans who subtly distanced themselves from the President, Mr. Durenberger criticized Mr. Reagan's policies, questioned his intelligence and suggested that a Presidential appearance would cause protest demonstrations in the state.
Not Mr. Pollini, so finished an artist but so cool in his Romantic playing.
Audiences always ask what a play is ''about.''
''I call those guys the purple people because of the way they look when they get off the boats - their hands are shaking and their teeth are chattering.''
''We felt it would increase night life in the city, but that hasn't happened,'' Mr. DelVecchio said last week.
Miss Gillis, whose brother, Christopher Gillis, is in the Paul Taylor Dance Company, will present her own work and will also include a piece by the controversial choreographer, Paul-Andre Fortier.
''Everything is negotiable except sovereignty,'' President Leopoldo Galtieri said on April 23 before dramatically boarding a plane to visit the troops on the islands.
Thus, the narrow turn-of-the-century row house with the ornate molded entry, somewhat the worse for age, could be in any older residential neighborhood in any American city.
The Cosmos, improving their career playoff record to 35-12 and season mark to 27-10, used crisp passing to dominate the early play and take a 1-0 lead when Roberto Cabanas headed the ball past Gross with 9:09 left in the first half.
The weekly said that exports of Mexican crude to the United States early this year fell 40 percent, to 450,000 barrels daily, and that other customers were buying 15 percent to 40 percent less than contracted.
The underground derailment, the authorities said, killed three persons and injured 18, some seriously.
Rone, tree farmers from West Virginia who practice magic, juggling and ''space-age storytelling'' on the side, pull their infant daughter, Happy, out of that empty brass ring?
After the emancipation, African-derived drumming and call-and-response singing continued to flourish in New Orleans's black neighborhoods, and in the early years of this century African polyrhythms and syncopation became important parts of jazz.
Baseball Yankees vs. Toronto at Yankee Stadium, River Avenue and 161st Street, the Bronx, 8 P.M.
''It worked: He walked right out the door,'' said Lori Fishburn, 24 years old, who carried the gun because she was on duty - as a bodyguard to the executive beside her.
Yes sir, it came from Assistant Secretary (more laughter) ... A.
The Catalina, a bit worn and used, was a gift from a generous mother-in-law.
A first novel about a young woman who works for a vanity press.
I think a woman should find her best look and stay with it.
Several hundred demonstrators marched through the Times Square area last night to protest what they called ''police brutality'' aimed at homosexual patrons of a bar on 43d Street east of Eighth Avenue.
He said the Civil Rights Commission should be ''free of controversy.''
'SUBTLE IS THE LORD ...' The Science and the Life of Albert Einstein.
''We are on the road to attacking the criminal backlog, and we're not overlooking or neglecting the civil side.
If those who work here are sometimes called Herman's Hermits, the institute itself is sometimes called ''Herman-on-Hudson,'' after its dominant presence.
Perhaps he is a secret Keynesian, wanting huge deficits to stimulate fast recovery from recession.
Management Also Unaware Internal assessments of the campaign indicate that General Motors executives we re as unaware as union leaders if the depth of the workers' host ility.
ABC plans to televise the World Cup final game live from Madrid on Sunday (1:30 P.M. Eastern time), the first time an American network will have shown this quadrennial event live.
Gold closed in Zurich at $327.50 an ounce, down from $332.50 Wednesday.
He changed his pace, dispensing with the hot stump oratory of protectionism, and managed to strike a phony note of nonpartisanship without seeming oleaginous.
When John Stearns of the Mets set the National League record of 25 back in 1978, I was impressed with that.
Mr. Berens noted, however, that with greater competition more customers shopped around.
Motorists on the Bronx-Whitestone and Throgs Neck Bridges suffered the longest delays, about 40 minutes.
Jim Fox scored his second touchdown of the game on a 5-yard run with 1:53 left to give Sachem (5-0-1) a 20-14 victory over Patchogue that clinched at least a tie for first place in League I. Patchogue had lost the ball on its 40, and it took Sachem eight plays to score the winning touchdown.
''I only found out on Thursday.
If they were interested in that, we suggested they look into other houses where, in the past, all the residents had worn matching T-shirts and acted as their own cheering squad.
The future bride, a summa cum laude Phi Beta Kappa alumna ofBarnard College, is a daughter of Dr. Jacob Klapper, a professor of electrical engineering at the New Jersey Institute of Technology in Newark, and Dr. Mollie Roxanne Klapper, an assistant professor of English at Yeshiva College of Yeshiva University.
The kind of well-rounded game each plays, few others at their positions are capable of duplicating.
The commission report stressed the need for language ability in defense, business abroad, foreign relations and research.
At least seven other states with tuna industries are watching the developments closely; they are necticut, New York, Delaware, Virginia and North Carolina.dozen fishermen and state and Federal officials showed that statistics on the bluefins were imprecise and, at times contradictory.
Hayes followed with his 13th homer.
The agency's proposal will appear in the Sept. 7 Federal Register.
But despite evidence to the contrary from the General Accounting Office, the Transportation Department decided that America's cargo industry needed special help to survive.
''The consumer has the ability to spend, the consumer just chooses not to.''
Its relative appeal, then, centers on what one thinks of Mr.
However, opposition spokesmen declared that these showed that he had lost here in the capital by a substantial margin.
''Please let me know if there is anything I can do to serve you.
Interest rates on Governmentbacked mortgage loans were cut today for the third time in six weeks.
''Many of them probably spent more time here than at home, if you eliminate the sleeping time.''
But the steep, winding roads are treacherous in pla ces, part icularly as they cut through the rugged mountains that form the ce ntral spine of Crete: the White Mountains in the west, Mount Ida in the center and the Lasithi Mountains to the east.
Closing concerts will be by the PhiladOrchestra, making its first European tour under its new music director, Riccardo Muti.
However, I am worried about when and from where the dollars from the private sector are coming.''
Again and again, Thomas Alberts has stopped the band midway through a medley from ''A Chorus Line'' to get the trumpet entrance right.
Yet no one has convincingly shown that depriving Moscow of $1 billion in foreign exchange will force it to spend $1 billion less on weapons.
They never would have been on TV.
''So 'Star Wars' is like home movies for my family.
''We've been segregated since we got to Washington,'' said Sherwood L. Boehlert, Republican of Upstate New York.
''This is one thing you don't have to worry about,'' he said.
June 12 to Oct. 2 - Seven-night Western Mediterranean/North Africa cruises from Genoa departing on Saturday, calling at Nice, Olbia, Palermo, Tunis, Malta, Capri and Bastia.
What is the difference between inherited mental intelligence and reasoning ability?
The lifeboat chugged away from the freighter, stopping to pick up people from the rough seas, and Coast Guard helicopters arrived.
here was room for improvement.
The regular fans know that any gate can be used to gain admission.
If we pay to have it inked back in, the Democrats will make mincemeat of us by charging that Republicans squander money faster than the Pentagon.''
But the latest announcement named heads of only 13 departments, some of whom retained their posts.
The Israelis also apparently decided that he was innocent, for he was freed after 49 days of imprisonment without charges.
''We feel the plant is safe,'' Mr. Stoeklin said.
His interception total is up from 13 to 18.
''The challenge is to help minorities raise the capital to buy them.''
Another expert, Sanford Davis, a chemist and supervisor at the National Bureau of Standards, described the complex results of the official tests of Stouffer's carpeting.
''See if they got Bootie.''
The price of the shares, at 12, appeared to discount fully the expected loss.
The decline in the American trade position during the recession is highly unusual.
Providence, R.I., Dec. 6, 1982
It was in 1967, at the height of the Vietnam War, that Miss Forsberg married a young Swedish student and moved to Stockholm.
The tour is aimed at winning support from the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council for the Arab League peace plan agreed upon at Fez, Morocco.
Consumers Union, which has a powerful influence on the buying habits of Americans, took pains to point that out in this month's annual auto issue of Consumer Reports.
Constructed of Honduran mahogany, the Chief Uncas is a luxurious small boat, 55 feet long and 9 feet 4 inches in width, built in 1912 for the Busch beer family of St. Louis.
He was 78 years old and a resident of Eastchester, N.Y. Mr. Pilla, a native of Thunder Bay, Ontario, had been associated with several real estate concerns and more recently was president of I. D. Pilla & Company Canada.
At the same time, Mrs. Shelton was searching for her twin.
If this nation is committed to free international trade as one of the roads to world peace, why play Russian roulette by using trade as a political instrumentality?
In these areas, the elderly population is, in large part, made up of people who were left behind as those younger moved out.
I don't know whether the system will work, but neither do the Russians, and they obviously fear it.''
We just don't know enough about these companies to know what they'll do when it comes time to collect.''
And the President's second-round budget cuts must be blocked.
The State Attorney General was asked today to investigate what school officials suspect is the misappropriation of more than $1 million from the Board of Education.
The plan, many details of which were left unresolved, would run an 18.2-mile heavy rail line from the booming west side of Houston through downtown, terminating just to the north of the center.
The minimum initial cash margin there, or the minimum amount that investors have to put up to trade in one contract, is $3,000.
ABC got most of the World Cup attention last week because it was the first United States network to televise the World Cup final ''live,'' reaching 25 million American viewers, according to Nielsen ratings released yesterday.
Younger men are moving up, which is the way he says it should be.
''It must have been eight foot long, and it was splashing around in the drainage ditch like a big horse,'' said Mrs. Boden of the incident earlier this month.
Mr. Cratty's ''The Would-Be Gentleman'' was loosely based on a scene from Moliere's great French comedy in which the newly rich Monsieur Jourdain tries to find himself a mistress.
Mr. Morton said it was impossible to estimate the value of the assets involved in the sale, which were not listed in statements by the participants.
Less Attention to 'Finer Things' Arizona and New Mexico, indeed, may be, as Mr. Bracken has written, the precursors of the post-industrial age.
We suggest you include: poncho (for rain and to sit on when picnicking); sweater; broad-brimmed hat; shorts;long pants & long sleeved shirt (in case sun is too strong); old sneakers; sunscreen and sunglasses; bathing suit and towel; camera; bird glasses and bird guide; wine or liquor (first two inns do not have liquor license); fishing gear for trolling;flat cushion to sit on; lightweight cooler filled with snacks for energy (granola bars, raisins, chocolate) and beverages.
More than 1,400 inspections were carried out at 500 installations in 50 nations.
Kawasaki Heavy Industries of Japan, which was awarded a contract for 325 new IRT cars, which are expected to begin arriving in 1984, reported that a 10-car test train would arrive four months early.
It is hoped that they will give the fleet more warning of attacks, such as the one that disabled the Sheffield.
His father said that, when pressed, Mr. Graiver once said the money came from an ''international mafia.''
Ian Charleson of ''Chariots of Fire'' has a small part as one of Gandhi's early English supporters, and Martin Sheen turns up from time to time as an American newspaper reporter.
''I wouldn't want to speak for the press in general,'' Mr. Abromats said.
They will be putting on weekend presentations of ''Keep Truckin','' a new musical written and directed by Crystal Field and George Bartenieff, with music by Mark Hadwick, on the large mobile stage that will move to all five boroughs.
In addition to providing for a phased conversion to conformance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), Chapter 405 provides for the appropriation of previously ''off-budget'' Federal and other funds under a revised fund structure, requires a prototype ''GAAP'' Financial Plan in addition to the ''cash'' Financial Plan, and provides for development and implementation of Key Item Reporting System.
The Reagan Administration is being rather modest about the slowdown of inflation in 1981, although it is the only good economic news on the President's slate after one year in office.
Scott, seeking his third victory in four starts, lasted two and two-thirds innings, in which he gave up six hits.
Take, for example, the case of Susan Yankowitz, who is represented at the O'Neill by a play called ''A Knife in the Heart.''
By Sunday, rebel forces had withdrawn from their former stronghold at Paghman, nine miles northwest of Kabul, the Afghan capital, after a two-pronged Soviet and Afghan army attack, the sources said.
Buffalo, which was the host for the 1980 American trials; Los Angeles, site of the 1984 Summer Olympics; Newport, R.I., and Burlington, Vt., are the other cities that submitted bids to The Athletics Congress before last week's deadline, according to Bob Campbell, the head of the men's long-distance running committee.
We've shown that there is a Bill of Rights lobby out there, and that we could win when the chips are down.''
The first recital, given as a benefit for the Museum's department of musical instruments, will be played by Daniel Chorzempa, an American virtuoso of international reputation who lives in Europe.
One wonders what Monroe would have thought of their conversation.
1, Jacobi's ''Scherzo,'' and Beethoven's Septet, Op.
Humor in cartoons and verse.
Supreme Court's Orders Last June, the Supreme Court struck down most or all of the powers of bankruptcy judges on the ground that the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978 had given the judges powers that are allowed only to judges who are appointed for life.
Diouf Reassures Neighbo rs President Diouf, 45 years old, undertook a series of visits to neighboring countries to reassure their leaders that the confederation would be precisely that and no more.
Mrs. Kutanovski will also get 60 percent from the sale of a house, estimated at $200,000, that the family still occupies in Grasmere, near South Beach.
''The market will not fall apart if there is a bond offering, as I think there will be,'' he said, adding that the recent selling of long-term bonds ''was a statement by some that this rally has gone far enough for now.''
''A symbolic fiction must be provided with the most realistic of foundations,'' as Winston puts it; ''this was an article of faith with Thomas Mann from the outset of his career.''
Eight persons, including three Columbia University employees, a former Columbia employee and a bank teller, have been arrested in a bogus-check conspiracy that, according to the police, has defrauded Columbia of more than $100,000 since October.
The defense maintains that there is evidence of possible coercion of the jurors, and charged that Judge Sarolkin failed to perform a ''clear and indisputable judicial obligation to clarify the cloud over the verdict.''
The ''ideology'' which predominates among the governmental officials whom we visited was a commitment to forging something new in Nicaragua - a model of grass-roots democracy and development based on a mixed economy.
In spite of all the changes, it sounds like Baldwin still is a town with great pride.
Trans World climbed 1 7/8, to 18 1/2, while American Airlines advanced 1 point, to 11 1/2.
Companies A.T.& T. plans a new offering of common stock to raise up to $1 billion.
Lew actually came to Random House through another editor, and no one here had any idea he was going into politics.''
Returning to San Francisco in 1881, Wores set up as a portraitist and as a teacher of art.
President Eisenhower intended that the operational side would assist the Secretary of Defense in developing strategy, operational plans and weapons and force-level requirements based on the needs of ''truly unified commands.''
Anyone trying to sublet a rent-stablized apartment in New York City is limited by law: The deposit can be only one-month's rent, but if the apartment is furnished a fee of 10 percent can be added to the rent to compensate for damages to the furniture.
In Asia, all these problems are interrelated, but there is no framework, other than that provided by Washington, for considering all the parts together.
This is what everyone's always talking and writing about.
Some reporters decided to make the long drive to Damascus, which can last from three to seven hours, to file dispatches.
Anger a Disappointment Stingley wore a black V-neck pullover with the words ''New England Patriots'' stitched over the heart.
''That's absolutely not true,'' Dr. Ransohoff said in an interview yesterday.
''Go down the list and there is a case for a lot of guys.
Many of the Republican office seekers are likely to run away from the economic policies of the Reagan Administration, sensing the public scorn of those policies.
No senior manager has left the merged company, and the lineup of the new team reads like a Chinese menu: one from column A (Nabisco), one from column B (Standard Brands).
High School two years ago, Colgate was a Division I-A institution in football.
He wrote the 1969 movie ''Hot Spell,'' and his Broadway plays included ''Jolly's Progress'' (1959) and ''A Place for Polly'' (1970).
All five agreed that he had participated in bribery, although he was never charged with it; however, since the incident occurred more than 10 years ago, the state's Casino Control Act permits a finding of good behavior and character since then to wipe out the earlier sin.
Lemon, a .256 hitter last season with 19 home runs, received a multiyear contract, and Cabell, a .261 hitter, got a one-year contract.
Even when the subject is seen in profile, as in the wonderful portrait of Oskar Schlemmer, the Bauhaus artist (1888-1943), Erfurth's camera never condescends to caress or embellish or otherwise elevate his material.
No, I would like to call to your attention that from the very first I have never gotten all that I asked for.
As a result, he had to come in with more normal pitches.
John McNamara was succeeded by Russ Nixon, once a catcher with the Red Sox, the Indians and the Twins, and a Reds' coach since 1976, after having managed in their farm system for six years.
Strategy Change ''Marketing pizazz by itself won't sell anymore.
In increasing the bail last week, Judge Needham said he feared Mr. von Bulow might be tempted to flee rather than go to prison.
Of course he had what today would be considered Romantic mannerisms.
Both plans straddle Mr. Marino's district between Nassau and Suffolk Counties.
The first edition included two pages of items from the 50 states and the District of Columbia, ranging from a pulp-mill expansion in Alabama to a prison cost-overrun in Wyoming.
Mary Ann Lundgren, the public relations director for the Washington branch of Neiman-Marcus, the Texas-based department store chain, knows good publicity when she sees it.
The play is designed that way.
The names of the suspect, a 41-year-old Oakland man, and the dead students were not released.
Q. I bought an old house that has plaster walls and ceilings, and in many places the plaster is cracked and crumbling.
Labor has persuaded successive Congresses to defeat legislation setting a two-tier wage on the ground that it would cost adults jobs.
The flight of the fruit bat was equally cleverly filmed in a wind tunnel at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Her father retired as an ear, nose and throat specialist and co-founder of Greek Peak Inc., a ski resort.
The agency ultimately said it would take over the bankrupt pension plan if Alloytek dismantled the new plan.
To promote continued bloom, always remove faded flowers.
Even so, the fact that the President and the Office of Management and Budget have set targets for the amount of revenue they want to raise from land sales has been enough to ignite the fears of Westerners historically sensitive to policy shifts on public lands issues.
Photography seized the Indian imagination and within a few years after it was introduced into the subcontinent, many Indian photographers had detached the medium from its foreign roots and transformed it into a virtually indigenous craft passed on from father to son.
Nothing is slower than the limping days when under the heavy weather of the years Boredom, the fruit of glum indifference, gains the dimension of eternity ... Hereafter, mortal clay, you are no more than a rock encircled by a nameless dread, an ancient sphynx omitted from the map, forgotten by the world, and whose fierce moods sing only to the rays of setting suns.
A Church in Need Returns to Its Roots A stors, Livingstons, Rhinelanders, Schermerhorns - some of the city's distinguished names in the 1820's - are now entered in a computerized data base.
In 35 years, the 1952 Holy Cross team is the only champion from the Northeast.
''Actually, I think the market showed remarkable strength given all the news that one would have expected to cause prices to fall,'' one dealer in the Treasury market said.
Then, the subject switches to marriages between faiths.
Earnings per share, diluted, rose 269 percent.
Union officials hope to be able to persuade the public and the various communities to put the departments back at full strength.
The tepid second-half rise could mean that real G.N.P.
The series, to be broadcast next season, is an adaptation of a book by Barbara Goldsmith.
''The Unquiet Grave,'' a splendid pastiche of dead friends and self-disgust, of sexual disappointment and wicked parody, belongs on the same shelf as Pascal, if you can image Pascal consorting with Horace and his hot epistles.
Evidence may be found in the ghastly treatment he received from Philadelphia's flossy Fairmount Park Art Association and in the words of one arch journalist who in 1898 referred to Remington as a ''self-made man ... with his parvenu arrogance.''
''It's so simple,'' said the Mayor's press secretary, Martin McLaughlin.
He was hoping for a $1 million payday against Matthew Saad Muhammad in a title-unification fight, but last December Muhammad lost the World Boxing Council version of the title to Dwight Braxton.
''During the late 1970's,'' Mr. Dyckman said, ''there was some moderation in medical care costs.
''You don't call this a preppie,'' he said, smiling.
East, down to Q-J-2, would have had to win with one honor and lead from the other.
BASEBALL CHICAGO (AL) - Steve Trout, pitcher, won arbitration ruling on salary; Bill Almon, infielder, and Bobby Molinaro, outfielder, lost arbitration rulings.
After several increasingly emphatic comments of ''Cut it out,'' ''Silly gooses'' and ''Pigs'' failed to quiet the disturbance, Miss Olczewska marched determinedly toward the wings and spat at Miss Jeritza, hitting the other giggler.
He was arrested again Nov. 5 and a bond of $1 million was set.
* Silver Reclamation Industries said it had filed a $20 million suit against the New York City Health and Hospitals Corp., in connection with a silver-processing conract in 1981.
- Consumers are showing few signs of being willing to save less and spend more.
Comparable clues for microbursts are being sought in the radar observations, though analysis of the project's data is expected to take as long as two years.
Some donkey of a linebacker or defensive back will give up a pass anyway.'''
I admired the clothes in ''Fashions of The Times,'' (March 7).
He died in Dublin in 1966.
We can't go on like this.''
They had stationed him behind the militants of the Seafarers International Union, who marched in cadence below a flutter of Cuomo signs.
The professor, who has a daughter in jail, noted that an Afrikaansspeaking person might have the best chance of reaching the public prosecutor - also an Afrikaner - and persuading him to consider an appeal for the black woman to see her husband, who has been denied any contact with his family or even a lawyer since he was arrested in June.
An attorney for the hospital, Morris Ehrlich of Manhattan, said: ''The hospital has no misgivings.
Her fiance received a B.A.
asks endocrinologist Dr. Estelle Ramey.
''The Greeks,'' adapted from the works of Euripides, Aeschylus, Sophocles and Homer by John Barton and Kenneth Cavander, was first produced by the Royal Shakespeare Company in London.
But, says Dr. Menon, the framework has been established and a direction set.
Addressing a crowd of about 1,000 in the temple, Mrs. Gandhi asked her audience for support to help make India strong, and praised Sikh religious priniples, according to Tejindar Singh Kahlon, president of the Sikh Cultural Society.
It was delayed indefinitely by the junta shortly after it was promulgated, and canceled in March of 1981.
''Gratuitous bloodshed and violence is dangerous.''
Late Friday, after the prosecution rested and the defense lost a bid for acquittal, Mr. Tigar refused to discuss strategy.
New Jersey's system fixes rates according to diagnosis.
They are also worrying that neither the men they love nor their bosses will be able to help them enough -that indeed their yearning, and their dilemma, can provoke negative reactions ranging from resentment to hostility.
The Sixth Fleet has always had access to Tunisian ports, and the U.S. knows that Bourguiba would refuse permission for bases.
The amount of gasoline supplied dropped by 2.8 percent, to 6.29 million barrels a day.
Proponents of the project, led by Representative Matthew J. Rinaldo, Republican of New Jersey, said referral to the F.C.C.
This is the Administration's current mix of policy, but it is one that has so far led to a sharp recession, high unemployment and large budget deficits.
''Probably a majority of people who run these things are our members,'' said Dr. B. Ken Gray, former president of the emergency physicians' group.
withdraws from Beirut has not been resolved.
In fact, President Reagan's politically motivated commitment to Westway may now be looked on by the Administration as something of an albatross, both because of the inordinate financial cost and the circumstance under which the commitment was made.
''They are clearly another kind of money substitute,'' said Richard West, dean of the Amos Tuck School of Business Administration at Dartmouth, and a director of Merrill Lynch's CMA Money Fund.
It earlier proposed only a ''substantial'' increase.
The Lions-Bears game in Chicago, with a noon start, pulled 26.8 and 67; the same game on the same weekend in the same time period last year did 24.4 and 56.
- M.A.T., Brooklyn, N.Y. Answer:A spokesman for the Egyptian Government Tourist Office in New York says that it is possible to go from Abu Simbel to Khartoum by a combination of air, sea and rail.
What you are about to watch is real.''
At the same time, consumers may be faced with inferior wine to drink as the present harvest moves through distribution channels.
The draft pastoral letter of the Committee on War and Peace of the National Conference of Catholic Bishops of the United States, released on Oct. 25, 1982, puts the issue with austere eloquence: ''We must re-emphasize with all our being that it is not only nuclear war that must be prevented, but war itself, the scourge of humanity.''
He said he envisioned chaotic conditions and a difficult trip out of the area.
Virgil Thomson, music critic and the dean of American composers, has donated his collection of manuscripts, letters and scores to the University of Missouri-Kansas City Conservatory of Music.
''We considered the windshield card system and rejected it,'' said Clarence Nelson, chief of the New York City's Division of Parking.
It's the work of the producer behind ''Night Flight,'' an established rock show on the USA Cable Network.
Less obvious, perhaps, as Pope John Paul II and Archbishop Robert Runcie knelt side-by-side in prayer in Canterbury Cathedral, was the exorcism of what might be called an embarrassment.
At An Evening's Dinner Theater, 11 Clearbrook Road.
Government Appears Upset Western diplomats say that despite the East German groups' modest numbers and apparently limited goals, the Government here is particularly upset since military policy is customarily at the center of official attitudes, with no dissent permitted from their broad outlines.
And at the same time, the Giants will give Lawrence Taylor, their all-pro rookie linebacker, more opportunities to pass rush.
Additional concessions are now being demanded by many trucking companies.
Everything is white with a green and black logo, and the manufacturer, Love America's Parks Inc., says it will donate 5 percent of its gross sales to the city's Parks Department.
As he writes in ''The Truants,'' Partisan Review's advocacy of radical politics and advanced art - the ''two M's,'' as he calls them, of Marxism and modernism - struck him as daring and estimable indeed; and the magazine's two editors - the brashly argumentative Philip Rahv and the more phlegmatic William Phillips -impressed him as older men, wise in the ways of literary politics.
Mr. Bordman has all the elements of a fascinating story, and he puts them together well, avoiding the temptation to become overdramatic but, at the same time, giving them color.
There are a lot of things that can be and are said about the peripatetic group of affluent people who winter in New York, summer in the Hamptons and drop in on Palm Beach, Saratoga, Newport and Washington parties as casually as most people visit a supermarket.
OPEC experts had predicted that an inventory reduction of this magnitude would push spot prices upward by the third quarter, but analysts now suggest that such a price turnaround will not occur until the fourth quarter at the earliest.
But the nationalists got only 12 percent of the vote, and opinion polls said no more than a third of those who voted for them would have chosen Mr. Jenkins if no nationalist had run.
Was he aware of the tradition of the sunflower in French painting from the time of le Roi Soleil?
Frusen Gladje, 349 Avenue of the Americas (West Fourth Street), 989-7637; 453 Columbus Avenue (82d Street), 873-2543: seven days, 11 A.M. to 11 P.M.
In 1976 he took over as director of the Hudson River Museum in Yonkers, where he invited artists, writers and composers to help organize exhibitions and programs.
20th Century Catching Up R umors have floated that WNYC-FM radio might be dropping its commitment to classical music.
Then we'd put it on its feet, to see if it worked.
Living Standards Rise Yet there was also evidence to support Mr. Hu's claim that ''the present period is one of the best since the founding of the People's Republic.''
Ory Bernstein, an Israeli poet and lawyer, urged his countrymen recently to do what in fact few of them do: face the reality of military rule in the occupied territories.
The Pabst Brewing Company violated its labor agreement with brewery workers when it closed its Peoria Heights, Ill., facility, a New York arbitrator has found, and he has directed the company to reopen the plant or negotiate a settlement of all claims with the union.
''Molly Bloom,'' the discussion and reception are all part of the Whole Theater Company's fund-raising effort for its 10th anniversary season.
''We have to get something in order to survive,'' said Angelo J. Ponte, the owner of V. Ponte & Sons, which, along with more than 400 other carting companies, experienced a 17-day strike in December.
Kimberly-Clark is based in Neenah, Wis.
Mr. Sharkey's resignation will take effect Wednesday, but his post is already being filled temporarily by Arthur R. Bates, who had been Mr. Sharkey's deputy.
He was sentenced to 18 years in prison and fined $27,000.
But Mr. Erickson, a friend and sometime traveling companion of Mr. Trudeau, emerged as the winner last February.
The only dissenter in the case, Judge Jacob D. Fuchsberg, said the court should have upheld the Appellate Division decision, which would have forced substantial steps toward more equal spending among districts.
''We all turned out to be such different people,'' said one juror who agreed to talk about the experience if she were not quoted by name.
, Southeast, Florida's largest banking institution with $6.5 billion in assets, said that Manufacturers Hanover and Morgan Guaranty of New York had entered into the credit agreement, which makes the money available to Southeast until Aug. 31, 1983.
The truancy teams, which went to work in January 1981, issued 15,000 truancy ''tickets'' last year.
Well-groomed women in fluttery dresses snapped pictures of local bench-sitters.
Begin also favors new settlements, but how fast is one of many imponderables created by the Government's absorption with Lebanon and with soaring domestic inflation.
'' Nice words, and the last sentence is an accurate description of this book too.
They deny any major arms traffic to El Salvador and claim to have offered joint patrols with Honduras to counter any smuggling.
The police said a hotel guest had seen the man with the victim, Kathleen J. Williams, shortly before she was found stabbed to death in a stairwell on the 19th floor of the Waldorf.
It is unforgivable when it is a staple cheap shot of elected and appointed officials who would rather use civil servants as punching bags and not as problem solvers.
Depending on what materials are used, the R-v alues of these shades can be very high.
Overnight repurchase agreements - which are an important way securities firms borrow - cost about 14 1/4 percent using Treasury issues as collateral, a level where financing costs exceeded yields on issues held in inventory.
(Without) preferences that promote important economic goals, we're looking at the wrong ball.
are consumer nondurables that sell well on television.
''It doesn't seem to matter who is President or Prime Minister,'' he said.
Mr. Salke said in the statement that Sherwood is financing its productions fully.
But the spartan look to the headquarters of USAir, the nation's eighth-largest carrier, which is based in an old hangar at National Airport here, is but one expression of an operating strategy that has made the airline one of the industry's most profitable.
Aside from the constant noise and light, the social interactions with caregivers in these special nurseries may be radically different from those the parents would provide.
It seems reasonable to surmise, then, that they would take an extremely dim view of Soviet machinations against Albania.
Although the department did not directly challenge Congressional, State Senate and Assembly lines outside New York City, changes in Assembly district lines in the three areas caused a ''ripple'' effect on areas in parts of Westchester.
''That wasn't really the executive,'' a Justice Department official countered.
Indeed, officials of the European Economic Community, which negotiated the agreement with the Commerce Department, said the Common Market members would cut steel imports from such countries as Brazil, Taiwan and East Germany by more than 10 percent next year.
and give him an opportunity to fight for the heavyweight championship of the world.
''I'm not going to lose hope,'' she said.
After the A.T.& T. settlement it dropped as low as $13.06 but then climbed steadily to a high of $45.75.
What he was asking from his characters and his readers was ''a fall into the future.''
The orchestra boasts plenty of power, but it is rarely unleashed as a sound in itself.
In February, Indochina's foreign ministers, meeting in Laos, issued a low-key statement suggesting that Thailand might help reduce the tension caused by the presence by warring troops on its border with Cambodia.
Selective Service officials said that those born in 1964 should register 30 days before or after the 18th birthday by going to any post office and filling out a form that lists the youth's name, address, telephone number, Social Security number and date of birth.
Eugene Bullard, for instance, failed in his effort to break the racial barrier in aviation in this country and joined the Foreign Legion in 1914, according to historical accounts.
Burger King, the world's second-largest restaurant chain - McDonald's is No.1 - has been targeted by Pillsbury as a major growth vehicle, and plans are under way to expand its breakfast menu and strengthen the management of its international operations.
Mr. Cole is an ideal foil - helpful but not pushing his friendliness.
Some other new policies: Cash Incentives - Royal Viking Line is offering passengers certificates worth $750 and $1,500 off the price of a cruise next year if they book certain cruises this year.
''Instead, what you hear are stories of problems in selling and unique financing deals.''
Executives at the Wyman-Gordon Company still run their old-line forgings business from a warren of small rooms in a low red brick structure built in 1920.
It may be that the proton's decay rate is even slower than predicted, in which case some other experiments may stand a better chance of early success.
At the Chicago world headquarters of the International Harvester Company, where more than one million documents are kept, the staff handles customer inquiries on repair, maintenance and restoration of Harvester machinery manufactured before 1950.
We are in serious economic trouble, and the tax indexing provision must be retained.
''I'd rather be conservative and not put it down there,'' said Mr. Butterfield.
And in 1980, his only work was in two concerts organized by Mr. Harris.
The half-hour did manage, though, to seem more substantial than ABC's full hour.
As he neared the table, the police account continues, the muscular young man pulled a pistol from his pocket, aimed at a man at the table, fired twice, turned and walked out the restaurant with his partner at the door.
One day, it may even be possible to design a ''superbug,'' a genetically engineered bacterium that will churn out a mixture of key antigens.
Police Inspector Ioannis Antonogeorgakis said the Boeing 737 was on a flight from Damascus to Lebanon, Athens and Casablanca and was hijacked while over southern Italy.
The Council member, Ruth W. Messinger, Democrat of Manhattan, has argued frequently that the J-51 program encourages the harassment and illegal eviction of tenants who live in buildings scheduled for renovation.
They are very unlike the smooth realism and erotic frippery of later art.
''I'm going to write my own book,'' he told the tipplers gathered before him.
In that context, any retreat from them would probably have been seen as a Haig ''victory.''
This endangers not only their lives but those of the guests and staff.
As a result, the stores' designer areas should be chockablock with clothes that are wearable, yet shaped with a certain amount of newness.
But they haven't seen the last of the negotiators who plucked the sport off the field Sept. 21.
''Certainly there has been a dropping off,'' he said.
The pictorial illustrations are well chosen, and most seem to have been taken just for these books, rather than gleaned from Kodak's voluminous files.
About 5.8 million ounces changed hands.
I recently noted that bird's nest soup - one of the most expensive and sought-after dishes in Chinese cuisine - is actually made from birds' nests, all of which have to be washed of debris, and that the quality of the nests varies with the caves the birds inhabit.
That left only eight of the 15 Council members in favor, one short of the number required to adopt a resolution.
Nevertheless, the dollar is still overvalued, analysts say.
Dravecky (4-1) gave up three runs, including Gene Tenace's two-run homer in the ninth, before needing relief from Luis DeLeone, who gained his 11th save.
The decision by the court, the state's highest, involved a rape conviction against Eddie Collier, a 42-year-old resident of Orange who admitted having sex with a 16-year-old girl.
In the 1963 United States Open at The Country Club in Brookline, Mass., he didn't think he had a chance to win as he surveyed an 8-foot putt on the 18th green in the final round.
The military re gime has dismissed the Government and dissolved Parliament, and in t heir place it has set upwhat it calls the Provisional National Defens e Council.
Nick Harris led the defense with two interceptions and nine tackles.
''There's no doubt that the rebels have an ambitious plan to disrupt the elections,'' a top aide said.
Max Leavitt, an actor, director, producer and founder of the Lemonade Opera company in the late 1940's, died Sunday in Roosevelt Hospital.
He was able to balance the university's budget, and direct the opening of the new Lincoln Center campus.
An early-morning study of the television tape favored Turner's version.
Anheuser-Busch Inc. decided to put up an undisclosed portion of the prize money in exchange for promotional consideration.
The United States seems totally indifferent to our problems.
Jack handed him his notebook opened to a blank page.
Thematically, it touches upon issues that still matter to Americans, particularly upon the way that we may simultaneously extol law and order and glamorize the Romantic individualist or even the outlaw.
Obviously, for such an occasion, the calorie count is of no importance, nor does one have to worry about indigestion.
Even so, the statistics of the Selective Service Commission show that, in every year from 1965 to 1973, the number of enlistees far outpaced the number of conscripts.
''I regard the program as a major breakthrough for the municipal hospitals,'' said Stanley Brezenoff, the corporation's president.
Note: Other spirits, such as cognac, Calvados, dark rum, bourbon, creme de cacao, amaretto or Grand Marnier may be substituted for the Irish whisky.
As living space diminishes in apartments and houses, the first room to be transformed is usually the dining room.
''The big reason is that energy growth has just evaporated in the last few months,'' she said.
The challenger's left eye became puffy and cut - he received eight stitches after the fight - and his nose was cut on the outside - but still he advanced.
Ragtime has that, too -Wally's bass patterns always interlocked with his right-hand patterns, and somehow he'd be able to work a melody into that.''
Annual growth since 1964 has averaged 2.1 percent.
''I've met with our board, and they are committed to a nightly news program,'' he said, adding that Governor Kean ''feels the same way that the board does'' and that Mr. Kean ''has told Channel 13 that they have an obligation to New Jersey - and that he would not look kindly on a decision to abandon the effort.''
Hoping to beat the rest of the corporate crowd, it canvassed its 5,500 midtown employees yesterday to find out who commutes by rail from New York, New Jersey or Connecticut and began selecting 200 to 400 ''vital personnel'' for whom hotel rooms will be reserved, according to Kevin T. Doherty, a spokesman.
''When I came to this country just a generation ago, it was a sea of wild animals dotted by islands of human settlement,'' recalls Norman Myers, an internationally recognized ecologist and writer.
She said: ''I'm an actress, I'm supposed to remember lines.
Visitors should take a picnic lunch and use the tables along the river or those in the woods, all indicated on maps available at the Vistors' Center.
Several weeks later Mawrie gave Rinker a book by Richard Bach called ''Illusions.''
The evidence is that Hitler wanted to fight and was bitterly disappointed when the l938 Munich appeasement conference deprived him of an earlier excuse.
Her kimono demonstrations are included as part of the Japan Travel Bureau's Tokyo bus tour, but she also provides classes and private lessons.
According to Mr. McNamara, the teamsters' local has been allowed to select about 200 people each year for jobs called ''working teamster foreman'' or ''assistant working teamster foreman.''
In today's tight real estate market where does Mr. Berman propose that they find housing?
But for Thomas E. Norton, the film represents a victory over fear and the fulfillment of a 25-year ambition.
''He was so engrossed in that thing, everything else was submerged,'' Mr. Michel recalled.
Brush the edges of each square with beaten egg.
At first, the effect is disconcerting.
In both countries, guerrilla fighting has intensified during the pre-election period, drawing Marxist and democratic opposition groups closer together.
His first-inning single, followed by Brett's, set up the first run that scored on a sacrifice fly by Willie Aikens.
They ch arged Solidarity what was paid for steel, but the cutting, welding and shipping was free.
The other dealers, in turn, had either borrowed the securities themselves or had borrowed money to finance their purchases.
John C. Stennis* Haley Barbour MO.
Kero-Sun, for example, said that sulfur-dioxide emissions might exceed safe levels if consumers burned low grades of kerosene, but added that its products are sold with instructions that only high-grade kerosene be used.
(Television - SportsChannel, 7:30 P.M. Radio - WMCA, 570; WGBB, 1240; 7:30 P.M.) Tennis Equitable Family Tennis Challenge, at the National Tennis Center, Flushing Meadows, Queens, 9 A.M.
The musical opens a 12-week run at Town Hall next Wednesday at 8 P.M.
Yesterday's ruling represented a victory for the Democrats, led by Assembly Speaker Stanley Fink of Brooklyn, who had joined the plaintiffs in the suit.
Mima Jausovec of Yugoslavia used steady ground strokes today to score a 6-2, 7-6 victory over Sylvia Hanika of West Germany in the final of a $150,000 Avon tennis tournament.
A young man with ''bad paper'' consulted with the Veterans Upgrade Center about getting a damaging code number removed from his discharge.
When the Iraqis announced Saturday that parts of their forces were withdrawing to the border west of Ahwaz, they hinted that the decision was political as well as military.
Jack Donlan, the league's chief negotiator, who had described percentage of gross as ''a couched attempt by the union to get into the owners' books and gain control of the game,'' was no more receptive to the union's new proposal.
The resolution agreed to by the Southold Town Board states that under its plan the island would be owned by the county but managed by the Nature Conservancy, the largest private land trust foundation in the United States.
So the Dolphins, facing fourth and 27 from their 31-yard line, punted.
But the time for congratulations has passed.
The city's Department of Buildings is charged with enforcement of the law, which requires owners of all buildings of seven or more stories to have their buildings inspected by a licensed architect or engineer every five years.
In no way is Hamlet simply describing the current state of affairs.
Like Vines, many of the qualifiers are just out of college, single and eager for the opportunity to travel and to test their game against the big boys.
You can't destabilize Nicaragua any more from here without also destabilizing Honduras.''
At 8:30 P.M. every Thursday during the same period a ''Tyrolean Evening'' in front of the Golden Roof features local talent.
Mr. Rao asked with obvious sarcasm.
A Departure From Policy The date for Mr. Arafat's visit has not been announced in keeping with the Palestinian leader's habit of moving rapidly and without prior announcement to reduce the danger of attack on his plane or car.
But that is only part of the story here at the F.B.I.
Trottier's Streak Ended It also was only the Islanders' second loss in their last 26 contests.
James A. Rhodes is retiring, Republicans chose Representative Clarence J.
Asked whether the addition of capital would have any impact on other Baldwin operations, Mr. Thompson said that it would have none.
Lloyd, the veteran linebacker who missed the last two seasons while undergoing treatment for cancer, suffered a leg injury July 30 and left the team's training camp Aug. 18.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The acoustics have been a major problem, with the depth of the stage creating many dead spots in the house.
On the United States's side, the provision that the treaty can be amended in 20 years, without the consent of all nations, seemed to fly in the face of the Constitution, which demands Senate assent to any treaty.
Running for President has become, for him, a cottage industry.
''And all those things put together have to be settled together with the diminution of the armed forces of Nicaragua,'' Mr. Castaneda said.
Everything that appears in the minutes, I confirm.
It is under the burden of just such demands that a cooperative, bright, obedient girl can turn into a compulsively self-denying and even life-denying anorexic.
Yet Indian civilization devoured it with amazing speed and enthusiasm.
Gurney's ''What I Did Last Summer'' today through next Saturday.
It simply uses its total of 125 showers throughout the day and evening.
Is that what Trent Lott had in mind when he wrote Mr. Reagan and got his encour-aging reply?
Because she was technically secure, she could afford to make dancing seem a form of play, and her lighthearted approach to the episode's romantic entanglements implied that if she were rejected, she would not spend the rest of her life moping.
If it were, Yugoslavia would not be endangered.
The 20,852 best seats were sold at $36 each for the semifinals and Monday night's final.
Despite these problems, most of the 10,000 bankers and their spouses who attended the Atlanta convention, although happy that monetary policy appears to have been eased, seemed to agree that the Federal Reserve's tight money policies that contributed to their current problems were necessary and that, ultimately, these policies will have served the country, and themselves, well.
A study sponsored by the committee and released as part of its report shows that in l979-80, $82.7 million in tuition funds was paid to the university by students as a result of the tuition policy.
Until recently, it was the hammer price that was quoted.
A fight against Mr. Hagler would have been ''one of the greatest in history,'' he said.
''No organized sport, no matter how popular, self-policed or contact-oriented, can legalize conduct that Parliament has deemed to prohibit.''
Flowers yesterday morning when he did not hear her in her apartment.
The computer ability of the Hawkeye can also help make ''threat assessment'' and suggest the highest priorities among targets.
Yet, though there's something disproportionate about the effort made by fashionable women, one imagines that the world would be poorer without them.
Marathon also filed suit in Judge Manos's court to block Mobil, charging antitrust violations.
''There's no way I can compete with that,'' he said.
Essentially, the company is looking for Government help with Teksid, Fiat's steelmaking unit, that would take the ailing company off Fiat's hands.
Women have the stereotype of rape as an assault in an alley by a stranger, but frequently it's by people you know.''
Among the other things sought by Mr. Carey are Senate confirmation of 27 Court of Claims judges and other Carey administration nominees whose terms will continue into the administration of Governor-elect Mario M. Cuomo.
Shoppers Snack Bar, 161-11A Jamaica Ave., Queens.
''I tell you man, I'm very unpretentious.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The first exhibit must be that famous full-page quote ad for ''Subways Are For Sleeping'' in which seven ordinary New Yorkers described that flop 1961 musical as manna from heaven.
Implement companies are making more of the right equipment.
The influence is part of a love-hate relationship the Argentines feel for the British.
''In order to have the greatest effectiveness, it is now necessary to become associated with an institution or organization.''
The Reagan Administration has been reviewing and revising them over the last 14 months.
A convenience store chain reached an outof-court settlement Friday with attorneys for a 4-year-old boy who was severely burned by gasoline purchased in an illegal plastic container.
Their entire offensive production shows that.''
Leaders of the 2,000-member Florida Physicians United for Health Cost Reform announced last week that surgeons and anesthesiologists would stage the slowdown to protest insurance rates that could cost them as much as $80,000 this year.
Promptly at noon, the First Lady peeked into the fourth-floor classroom in the building that formerly housed the boys' school.
Medicare pays for most inpatient hospital care, skilled care in nursing homes, home health care and other medical costs after certain deductions.
By the time General Garcia Meza's paramilitary enforcers mounted their assault on the small dealers and their peasant workers in Santa Cruz, men like Mr. Suarez, their planes and couriers had safely transferred their activities here.
Dr. Axelrod, in his statement, essentially agreed with Dr. Matuszek's contention that the state had not been told on a timely basis about the bubble that developed inside the reactor.
According to Mr. Kimball, Warner Brothers may have known of the crates for some years, but had little inkling of their value: ''About the time that silent films gave way to sound, Warner Brothers realized that they would have to have a music publisher to handle their sound material.
They said that over a period of years the Army would require 600 of the vehicles at a total cost of more than $600 million.
The Air Force itself may be renamed the Aerospace Force.
North Korea responded by stating that he had asked for political asylum.
He and his two cable lawyers, Sid Davidoff and Sandra C. Katz, have known Donald R. Manes, the Queens Borough President, for years.
Tapers, 13 inches tall, are $2.25 the pair.
* Split rate, 13.00-13.50 ** Maximum rateSalomon Brothers estimates for bellwether issues
Karolyi had left Rumania, he said, because he believed the gymnastics federation there was trying to use his success and the gold-medal emergence of Miss Comaneci and others as a political tool.
Mr. Zia, who said in Washington Wednesday that ''there is a style of flogging,'' was asked at a luncheon of the Foreign Policy Association in New York to explain the difference between ''flogging with style and flogging without style.''
More than any work of Greene's that I have read, it is suffused with nostalgia for the pre-industrial, pre-bourgeois world, a world of face-to-face encounters between man and God, man and man, man and beast (Rocinante is, after all, more beast than car).
But it estimates that the pipeline contract will bring it 4.5 million badly needed hours of work and fully occupy up to half its personnel in many of its 30 factories for the next few years.
Cunningham knows that he is not ''popular,'' but that is something he never set out to be.
The point in quoting the above passage, though, is that even in being devastatingly on target, Miss Mitford couldn't help projecting a pronounced haughtiness.
Dave Silk shaved his off after a few days.
Hayakawa, who died at the age of 83 in Tokyo nine years ago, made more than 130 films and was nominated for an Academy Award for his role as the Japanese prison camp commander in ''Bridge on the River Kwai'' in 1958.
The surfaces, with their heavy, oppressive overloads of pigment, are remarkably ugly, and the passage of time has not been kind to them.
Middle East specialists acknowledge the frustrations of the last seven years in dealing with Lebanon but suggest that the Israeli military moves may have so shaken the situation that new efforts, as yet uncharted, may succeed.
It shows what a dedicated group can do.''
Then as the Hoover Administration sank into the Great Depression, it occurred to some of his advisers that there might be a ''societal'' reason for using the Federal Government's credit powers.
There have been suggestions that Watt is acting to some degree out of a sense of fundamentalist religious mission and the imminence of the Apocalypse.
Another gainer was Emhart, which added 1 3/4, to 44 3/4.
According to Mr. Meyer, Cincinnati Milacron will ''increase our research and development spending 18 to 20 percent over last year, which was about $30 million, because that's the genesis of new products.''
But since the green flash is sometimes seen at sunrise, it is probably not a subjective event.
The warden, 50-year-old Joseph Cox of Mount Vernon, was killed at 10:34 P.M. as he was driving south on Route 22 in Eastchester, according to Lieut.
''New Milford is the first place for the last hope'' of home ownership, said Clifford Chapin, the First Selectman.
With any new entity, there are problems.
And what about the Halloween candy?
His announcement by was made after talks in Honduras Saturday with President Reagan.
''They removed it from the frame and left the frame and mat on the lobby floor.
There will be no charge for admission.
President Mobutu has announced that he has ''renounced'' aid from America.
Station WHO in Des Moines could suffer a serious reduction in its listening area if Cuba retaliates on the same frequency it uses.
There is increasing interest in video games.
Since World War II there have been virtually no adjustments to the scoring table, apart from a local French habit of counting the fourth trick in a no-trump contract as 20 instead of 30.
At its latest price, the Government bond with the longest maturity yielded 12.82 percent.
And at 17, his development has just really begun.
As for taxi drivers who ignore red lights and traffic signs, the city's Taxi and Limousine Commissioner, Jay L. Turoff, said his agency did not keep separate records of traffic violators.
Ted Stepien, owner of the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association, has filed a $2 million lawsuit against The Cleveland Press and a reporter, Doug Clarke, who recently wrote a column that Stepien says was false and defamatory.
It had happened the day before.
She hastened to add: ''What we've tried to do is put the whole thing into perspective.
People immediately began honking at him and a small crowd gathered, shouting, ''The era of chaos is over!''
All past programs shared one key characteristic: they encouraged new construction for the poor.
That would mean that although premium income would have flowed out of Howden, the company would not have been able to pass on a proportionate share of paying the claims.
member coming to Washington with the group.
The way of living is a consideration.
The garden is open from 9 A.M. to dusk.
Box 1865, Greenville, N.C. 27834.
In the weightlessness of space, that natural formation may be thwarted, the student, Aaron Gillette, believes.
D. KEITH MANO is the author of seven novels, of which the latest, ''Take Five,'' was recently published by Doubleday.
In ''The Pirates of Penzance,'' you give up some of the charm, but you get Maureen McGovern, instead.
The movement of the last few years away from Modernist orthodoxy is the most important esthetic event of the last 50 years, and it is to be welcomed.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
And he surely knows that even if the Syrian and P.L.O.
Mr. O'Brien, who has been serving since his term ended in 1978, is a public member.
The Whitney Museum of American Art is in danger of losing one of its most popular exhibits, a major work by Alexander Calder that has long been on loan to the museum.
Other shows this week include: Howard Newman (Cordier & Ekstrom, 417 East 75th Street): A great stillness surrounds the bronze sculptures and charcoal drawings of Howard Newman.
The Islanders' shot was by Gord Lane, but it came from 45 feet out, and there was nothing in it to test Soetaert.
The polls in Fairfield's 14 voting districts will be open from 4 P.M. until 8 P.M. on Tuesday and only enrolled Republicans will be able to vote.
Even though you don't believe in the balloon?''
The woman given a watch marked Cartier for her birthday was delighted.
Differences in Income On a tour of northern Nicosia, he pointed out that the municipality had only one bus, that the roads need repair and that many of the old mud-brick houses are in ''dangerous condition.''
But the Democrats withdrew these proposals today, under pressure from their party's rank-and-file and advisers who felt that the party was needlessly sacrificing an issue that could serve it well in the fall elections.
While they trumpet the ''precision'' of their statistical skills over the comparative ''vagueness'' of the ''literary approach,'' their semantical and syntactical lapses - when they do attempt to write prose - counter the advances of their allegedly superior methodologies.
Likewise, there was unanimity of opinion in my scientific sampling of four individuals.
The result has been a half-compass change in the way the safety inspection system functions and, as yet, mostly talk on the politically sensitive issue of altering the health standards.
* Bon Appetit magazine increasing its circulation rate base 8.3 percent, to 1.3 million, from 1.2 million, and its advertising rates 16.98 percent, effective with the September issue.
The union says the average player salary in 1981 was $83,811.
Wayne (The Great) Gretzky again was the N.H.L.
He is survived by his wife, Aletha; a son, Andrew J. McGinley of Saugerties, and a granddaughter.
If the guard-duty mission was impossible - if massacres were inevitable - then the decision to move the Israeli Army into west Beirut was a blunder.
The emerging Middle Western issue of water, a resource whose infinite abundance was once taken for granted, like annual economic growth, touches all three sensitivities.
In fact, the Georgia economist predicts that ''the bull market of the 1970's may finally take place in 1983,'' but he also predicts that it will end in 1983 and the economy will begin to collapse again.
The working class male, together with other men who share his tastes and interests, has long been valued customer for many consumer-goods products.
For the overall economy, a recovery is still expected in the second half of this year, with the gross national product, after adjustment for inflation, growing at about a 4.5 percent annual rate.
Twenty-eight cities in 18 states have made successful trade-ins (to New York's shame), including four under the Reagan Administration, and the $1.4 billion would escalate with inflation over the supposed 10-year period for Westway.
Mr. Lapine, a gifted directorplaywright in his first encounter with a classic, stirred together a bundle of dubious ideas (a female Puck bestowing oral raspberries on the audience) and a few good ones (Christine Baranski, a witty and beautiful Helena).
He is leading the forces seeking to retain abortion availability as it now exists.
In recent months Mr. Schmults, now the Deputy Attorney General, has been in a political storm center as the Justice Department, the Treasury and White House struggled with issue of the tax exemptions.
Even many critics are horrified by the prospect of a return to power by remnants of the Somoza regime's National Guard that are leading the attacks from Honduras.
If the United States should establish import quotas against Japanese steelmakers, the Rouge purchase would be all the more attractive to Nippon Kokan.
To rescue programs severely threatened by Federal cutbacks, the Legislature last spring provided $1.5 million of interim aid.
Its steady stream of graduates helps assure that poor rural and inner-city minorities aren't medically impoverished as well.
Gradually, limits have been imposed by such restrictions as fishing and hunting licensing, closed seasons, limits on the number of commercial salmon fishing permits and, in the last few years, the surveying of Alaska in preparation for establishing land titles to every one of the state's 300 million acres.
But Mr. Serkin was in fine form.
That visage did not seem to bother Ronni Dobkin, an assistant buyer at Saks Fifth Avenue, who was sitting in one of the $15 ringside seats next to her father, Earl Dobkin, a real estate broker from Bayonne.
He still hoped, he said, for a Geneva conference on Cambodia.
Mr. Michel hinted that Republicans in Congress were probably naive to expect Mr. Reagan to endorse negotations for a new agreement.
One of the best ways to keep the price down for any meal is, obviously, to buy produce in season.
Reflection requires an awareness of Then and its meaning for Next.
About two weeks ago, he said, he started ''conditioning'' exercises at a karate school in Huntington.
''The single most popular college major for minorities and women in the 1970's was business,'' she said.
Prime Minister Andreas Papandreou has announced after a visit to Rumania that the Greek and Rumanian Governments have agreed to call a conference of Balkan leaders to discuss turning the region into a zone free of nuclear weapons within 18 months.
Typically, when a recession ends, businesses are caught with empty shelves and scramble to raise raw material inventories and production.
In the 20th-century field a greatly missed absentee was the survey of the Dutch avant-garde movement called ''De Stijl'' in which Piet Mondrian and Theo van Doesburg were prominent.
A subsequent treaty, the Peaceful Nuclear Explosions Treaty, was signed in 1976.
But if history was wrong - and there is no question about that box scor e - then it should be righted.''
Clemente, of course, already had dazzled Pirate fans and Pirate opponents with his hitting, running, catching and throwing for 17 seasons and had amassed 2,882 of the 3,000 hits with which he was to finish his career.
Companies come in and drop $10 million and short time later are gone.
''I still intend,'' he said, ''to achieve all of these goals.''
Miss Levine has had the affrontery to exhibit copy prints of Walker Evans and Edward Weston photographs and to call them her own work.
If they had been in a worse condition he might have lost them.
Dick Purcell, public relations director for the Denver-based Fox, declined to say whether Mr. DeBiccari's departure had any relationship to Saxon's bankruptcy.
No other details were given.
The Education Department has released the names of 92 schools that have regained eligibility for new National Direct Student Loans.
In their 7-4 record under Westhead, they averaged 108.1 points against 108.7 for their opponents, a minus 0.6-point differential.
The majority and minority leaders get separate City Hall offices and chauffered cars.
In quick succession, the party fared badly in local elections and in parliamentary by-elections in the London suburbs and in a Scottish constituency.
To be sure, the President's economists are aware that there is skepticism in financial markets and around the country about whether Reaganomics has delivered the goods as advertised - unemployment has climbed far higher than advertised, budget deficits are far huger than forecast by the Administration early last year and interest rates, which fell late last year, have been rising again, disturbing the financial markets and alarming interest-s ensitive industries suchas autos and housing.
Bank Cooperated With Inquiry Mr. Kidwell said his institution had for several months been cooperating with a Federal ''investigation of major importers and distributors of narcotics in the United States.''
Kentucky (20-5) now shares the S.E.C.
''I can vote and decide who runs the country,'' said Phil Prince, an 18-year-old senior voicing the consensus.
Showtime is moving heavily into creating original series and serials more mature in theme and more racy in execution than would be allowed by television network censors.
Five minutes before game time Sunday, he created a new forward line with Tonelli at center, Bob Bourne on right wing and Clark Gillies on left.
Short-term interest rates rose slightly yesterday while note and bond yields declined slightly.
The Haig speech seemed partly designed to provide advance justification for the likely resumption of strategic arms negotiations this summer.
After the war, he graduated from Johns Hopkins and eased into a successful newspaper career with The Baltimore Sun.
This is the standard stuff of television action-adventure, delivered deadpan and with just a hint of a knowing smile.
When she won a fellowship to the Institut de Science Politique in Paris, he arranged a project that would take him to France.
The sports and military traditions have been so strong that when the school's first mascot, a black-and-white stray dog named Reveille, died in 1944, she was given a military funeral in the football stadium.
At last he relinquishes his timidities, marries his mistress, finishes a long-awaited best-selling book and exchanges his shyness for disillusion, thereby becoming a formidable literary figure.
''In this market where you have more than one public television station, you've got to provide a schedule that's more convenient than others might be.''
''We did need a change in the zoning since only 150 feet of the six-acre piece of property was zoned for commercial use; the balance of the parcel was in a residential zone.''
''The last organ grinder'' turned up periodically in the early 1950's.
Reacting to the decision, Sister Honora Reardon, the former Sacred Heart principal, said in a statement today, ''Since the church is rooted in justice and charity we are deeply disappointed that we were forced to seek justice outside the church in a civil court.''.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
And he is hardly the first ''real'' controversial personality to be featured in the halls of television entertainment.
That may be, the other side maintains, but it was still the original hat.
He said that within a week he would be conveying ''the replies by the Secretary and some of the counterproposals he made, to the other side, that is to say, the Cubans on the one hand and the Nicaraguans on the other.''
I could weasel my way out of trouble.
The children of 103 of them had been dropped from day care.
''Another significant dimension has been the effect of diminished expectations,'' he said.
'Right to Self-Determination' The King did not specify how, or whether, his proposal differed from Mr. Reagan's call for ''association'' or the Palestinians' call for an independent state.
''Then the Russians came in and it's like night and day.''
Washington, George Brett and Amos Otis each drove in a run.
The authors of the report are Robert Etkins of the Climate Program Office of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and Dr. Edward S. Epstein of the Earth Sciences Laboratory of the Federal agency's National Environmental Satellite Service.
But why are not efforts being made to raise tolls on the Port Authority's Holland and Lincoln Tunnels?
Mr. Busby is a computer programmer and portable systems core group manager with the Statistical Analysis System Institute Inc., in Cary, N.C.
The policy p rovides different rates for jewelry when it is in the bank and when i t is in the owner's possession.
The answer was ''the only thing I could do nights and weekends'' - real estate.
Happy at Last,'' which begins Sunday night at 9 on NBC, with the second half starting Monday at 9, is about as opulent as the commercial networks dare to get nowadays.
Mix it with the garlic, onion, lemon and 2 to 3 tablespoons yogurt depending on the consistency you would like the mixture.
Widen the bridge only the four extra feet, and local taxpayers would have to pay the entire $240,000 cost.
''No, Montana did the Complice show we see tomorrow,'' she said decisively.
Influence and Insults Each of the gangs is thought to have about 25 to 40 active members, as well as perhaps a few dozen other loosely affiliated youths.
Edith Warner was a shy Philadelphia spinster who came to New Mexico for her health, discovered she could not bear to leave, accepted the job of mail carrier for a little school and to supplement her income opened (of all things) a tea shop.
But even those who generally subscribe to the common wisdom that lectures on religion have no place in the well-made novel are unlikely to wish this section out of the book, because it is one of the most cogent explanations of church doctrine to be found in or out of fiction.
FOR a musician so closely associated with Stravinsky, Robert Craft has been oddly out of sight during the various centenary Stravinsky celebrations.
Richard D. Lamm won the Democratic renomination and will be opposed by John Fuhr, a Republican who is a former Speaker of the Colorado House.
The decision, Brown v. Hartlage (No.
And despite the problems connected with being on a limited budget - the relatively few number of sails and limited supplies - this crew is regarded as one of the most closely knit in the fleet.
As of Nov. 1, there were nearly 4.7 million people receiving weekly unemployment insurance payments that averaged $102 a week, depending on which state they lived in.
Col. Anatoly Berezovoy and Valentin Lebedev deployed the 62-pound satellite through an air-lock chamber in the space station Monday, an operation that, in one sense, gave the Soviet Union a sixmonth jump on a technique that is to be the American space shuttles' stock-in-trade.
French Official Assails Andropov ''That does not seem to me to keep the essential balance which is required for our security,'' Mrs. Thatcher added.
By the decade's end, two major records had been rewritten, setting new levels for French furniture at auctions both worldwide and in the United States.
Knight-Ridder Newspapers Inc. said today that first-quarter earnings fell 26.7 percent while revenue increased 7.2 percent.
Mr. Costa Mendez, who was so bitter against the United States during the war that he often refused to speak English or talk with American reporters, went backstage after the concert to speak with Mr. Mehta and asked for his autograph.
In a long opening speech at the party meeting, which was devoted primarily to internal economic affairs, Mr. Mohieddin said, ''There can be no peace in the Middle East without a permanent solution to the Palestinian problem.''
But now that the Sacred Grove has been abandoned, we ask that the smallest stone may talk.
For a remarkable conjunction of the ridiculous and the sublime one need only consider the plight of Columbia's passengers.
There is considerable dispute, but relatively little research, concerning the effects of polyurethane's flammable and toxic nature.
What separates the Jets and the Giants now from ''any team'' is the stability of their organizations.
Referring to the unemployed, Mr. Reagan said further: ''Do we tell these Americans to give up hope, that their ship of state lies dead in the water because those entrusted with manning that ship can't agree on which sail to raise?
In the same period, a similar-sized European work force expanded by only a million, but only 3 new jobs were created for every 10 extra workers.
There are businessmen and bankers, laborers and retired men.
Maksymilian Kolbe and put off a planned trip to the United States this week because of the tensions raised by the Parliament's action on Friday.
''But the Jan. 15 figures will be a shock,'' he said, ''because they will cover the week ending Jan. 6, which will include first-of-the-month Social Security payments.''
There were relatively low birth rates in the Great Depression years; that means that the rate of increase in the number of people over 65 will drop beginning in the 1990's, up to 2015.
President Carter once told a group of Congressional pages that if he had possessed their knowledge of Congress when he came to Washington, he might have been more successful in his dealings with Capitol Hill.
Mr. Burton is filming a television miniseries called ''Wagner,'' in which he appears as the composer, on location in Austria and Italy.
Poetry ''should illuminate rather than simply mirror experience; it should discriminate those aspects of experience which are lastingly important from those which are trivial or transient; while it may be difficult, it ought not to be pedantic or obscurely private; its language and structure should be more formal than those of prose.''
There is a perception nevertheless that this is penny-wise, pound-foolish - that foreign manufacturers are now being given license to produce goods that we had a virtual monopoly on.
The fact that most summer merchandise has been marked down anywhere from 25 to 50 percent is even better for shoppers.
* Citicorp said an average rate of 13.387 percent was set at the weekly auctio n of 91-day commercial paper, down from a 13.426 percentaverage rate last week.
These and other documents form a package of evidence that plaintiffs' lawyers have used with devastating, perhaps excessive effect.
At Dean Witter, James Howard, first vice president, Active Assets Accounts, said his company was skeptical that CMA could be patented.
Mrs. William T. Hord 3d was matron of honor; William H. Moorhouse Jr. was best man for his brother-in-law.
Since the Horwitz Prize was first awarded in 1967, for research in biology or biochemistry, 30 scientists have won it.
'Export of Revolution' Iraq's foreign minister, Saadun Hamadi, said Baghdad had already pulled all its troops from Iran, would accept a cease-fire and submit the dispute to arbitration by the Security Council.
''Children begin intuitively to write.
If I were to take an action God would consider violative, he would punish me.''
Another 2,000 or so persons, mainly blacks, were waiting outside the cathedral and it was there that the black-green-and-gold tricolor of the African National Congress was unfurled, almost certainly the first time it had been displayed publicly in downtown Johannesburg in a generation.
On the other hand Argentina has traditionally opposed numerous initiatives by the United States in the realm of Latin American affairs, and in recent years the Buenos Aires regime has been sharply criticized by the United States for human rights violations.
At the Lamplighter School, a private elementary school in Dallas, a 5-year-old was recently overheard speaking disparagingly of a fellow student: ''Jonathan is already 4, and he can't do the computer.''
I'm a threat every time I walk to the plate.
But property taxes rose sharply for the second consecutive month.
If his horse doesn't trail from the start, then it staggers in the stretch.
He did the best he could, and he thought he did a good job in very, very difficult circumstances.''
The essay voice will silence the fiction voice.''
Mr. Beatty, as inexperienced a film directo r as Mr. Forman is a seasoned one, falls back instead on conventio nal devices, as when he depicts Mr. Reed's love affair with Louise Br yant via walks on the beach, a cutely incinerated dinner, and a whi ning puppy.
''Now the fine tuning is needed.''
A bit of a stir has been dusted up in the Boerum Hill section of Brooklyn over plans by a Jewish congregation to sell its synagogue on Schermerhorn Street and move to Brooklyn Heights.
For information regarding the center, call 235-7917 or 793-3310.
But it appeared that the manager and his staff were confident that Nelson, who is 21 years old, was ready to move into the rotation slot that opened Thursday when Rick Reuschel was placed on the 21-day disabled list with tendinitis in his right shoulder.
William E. Hastings, public relations director for P.S.A., which is based in San Diego, said the carrier had assured employees that any Braniff workers joining it would come in below them in seniority.
Participants in last year's dispute say nothing has been done to find a better way of destroying the hares, which were herded into pens and beaten to death by farmers trying to protect their crops from a once-per-decade explosion of the jack rabbit population.
But the idea was rejected because the university could not get sufficient guarantees of a steady supply of gas.
His timetable for the Senate committee's inquiry?
The bride, a graduate of the Dana Hall School and Vassar College, is a senior product manager with the Del Monte Corporation in San Francisco.
For a year and a half, Mr. Kanew suffered a period of ''blankness,'' but he resisted going back to advertising.
Yes, apparently he did, not to speak of a list of enemies that included several social classes, a political party or two, a tradeunion movement and a sex - or at least that part of a sex that recalled how he had once opposed its gaining the right to vote.
He wants to play, but he also wants the Giants to do well.
There have been four previous crashes of A6-type jets this year, with one man killed, Miss Kennedy said.
The Japanese postwar economic miracle owes much to the Ministry of International Trade and Industry, the armchair general of Japan's industrial policy.
He also added six rebounds, six assists and three steals Afterward, he was asked, ''Did anyone hit your elbow tonight?''
I have to deal with that, and I also have to deal with the fact that he has not been able to play all the games or play under a normal set of circumstances.''
After he was dismissed by Wisconsin in 1969, Coatta discovered a level where a football coach can actually be a coach - when he was the head coach at Mankato State College in Minnesota.
It was also striking how many of them had developed big-toned, richly nuanced and very personal sounds on their instruments.
''And I've put it aside.
Beth Sharon Bratches, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Howard Bratches of Rye, N.Y., was married at Christ's Episcopal Church there yesterday to David Farrar Conley, son of Mr. and Mrs. Robert F. Conley of Camillus, N.Y.
She changed tactics less than two weeks before Election Day, accusing her opponent of misrepresenting her record and of making slurs on her character and innuendoes about her ability to serve.
Saturday VAN WINKLE SLEEPS AGAIN Rip Van Winkle will take a long nap at the Hudson River Museum, 511 Warburton Avenue, in Yonkers on Saturday at 2 P.M. in a family entertainment based on the Washington Irving story that includes drama, song, pantomime and chamber music.
''Another thing I noticed about them is that they make the most of their chances and they never stop working.
Both lilac and phlox are susceptible to powdery mildews, fungus diseases that develop late in summer particularly where there is poor air circulation.
Lithium batteries will also cost more, though they may pay back this added cost by lasting longer.
Frozen cranberries will last about a year, and can be used directly from the freezer without thawing.
'Valentine' Gamble That Lost ''One From the Heart'' was Mr. Coppola's ''valentine,'' a romantic fantasy starring Frederic Forrest for which Mr. Coppolla recreated Las Vegas on his nine sound stages.
During this season, the orchestra's 20th, the group will play music by Wagner, Tchaikovsky, Elgar and Schumann.
executive committee, as it follows its responsibilities in action on various levels in these dangerous and delicate circumstances, took a number of decisions and measures to assure broad support for the uprising of the masses and the indefinite strike and achievement of the broadest Arab and world support for this struggle.''
Twenty-four were treated at Cooper Medical Center and released.
Sharp is selling a talking clock, and Timex is launching a competing model in the next few months.
I'm ready tomorrow to sit together with Mr. Mubarak and conduct negotiations on the basis of this document.
The court-appointed lawyer for a boy had not shown up.
Although she never talked about them, Mrs. Loewenberg did not forget the two girls she had given up.
Donald W. Mitchell, who looks for the technology companies with the best growth prospects for his consulting firm in Cambridge, Mass., cautions that Seagate's stock price may not grow so rapidly as its earnings in the future.
The return journey to Tahiti will take 10 days.
''He's always a low-key kind of guy.
Ford executives have been taking pains to indicate concern for workers' problems.
Psychological problems ranging from loneliness to severe anxiety were reported by 13 per cent of the dancers responding, 52 per cent of whom said they felt a serious need for counseling.
Spoon the remaining cream sauce over each serving and sprinkle with chopped parsley.
Five years ago, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey was shaken by scandal when it was disclosed that top-level managers put public vehicles - limousines and even helicopters -to personal use.
Courtyard Has a Fountain The ranch-style result is high-ceilinged, angular and U-shaped, with a fountain in the courtyard and expanses of green lawn overlooking a golf course.
Cooperative purchasing has proven to be extremely cost-effective when instituted, and I wish the Harborfields, North Shore and Manhasset School Districts much success in their joint venture.
Pricing Revisions Urged He suggested revising the pricing system to reflect water's true value and lining canals to prevent loss through seepage.
What he does build - structures that seek to integrate themselves with the landand cityscape - make powerful esthetic statements while remaining eminently functional.
''My feet are planted on both sides of the ocean,'' she said.
Mr. O'Brian, a teaching fellow in the department of fine arts at Harvard University, doubtless has his own academic reasons for focusing on Milne's beginnings.
R. Gilbert Moore, a Utah businessman who paid the $10,000 fee for the student experiments, said that officials now expect to let the experiments continue operating until after the landing, rather than turn them off Saturday, as planned.
Relationship of Two a Problem R.L.
''The last thing Bill would have wanted would have been for us to quit,'' said Mrs. Muncey.
Spearheading the winning team recently in a match between two prominent private schools in New York City was the world's only 12-year-old life master, Douglas Hsieh.
CHICAGO (NL) - Placed Dickie Noles, pitcher, on the 21-day disabled list retroactive to June 11 and reactivated Allen Ripley, pitcher.
It is one of the richest Art Deco spaces anywhere.''
The resentment exists even though Judge Weinstein, who is chief judge of his courthouse, has sought to assure its court reporters that there is no plan to end their use despite participation in the test, Mr. Barbella said.
8 tube), arrange small mounds of filling at intervals of an inch or less on half the dough.
The Control Board meeting today may be dominated by politics as much as municipal finances.
Interstate 64, near Richmond on the fall line, is the natural barrier that shut the west off from easy navigation to the sea.
United States District Court Judge David Kenyon issued the 41-page preliminary injunction at the request of the National Center for Immigrants' Rights, which had asked the judge to prohibit the immigration service from illegal and unconstitutional practices against refugees from the war in El Salvador.
Dawson Hits 10th Homer Larry McWilliams of Atlanta also entered the game in the seventh inning, but could not match Reardon's effectiveness.
In addition, in recent weeks the Administration has approved the retransfer, to breeder reactors in West Germany, of plutonium from fuel originally sent to Switzerland for generating power.
Justice O'Connor's voice so far, in her opinions and, reportedly, in the Justices' conferences, has been assertive, even acerbic.
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries should use graduated oil price cuts as a way of disciplining its members that break production and pricing agreements, a new independent research group with OPEC connections has suggested.
Treasury financing this week is confined to the bill market, where $4.8 billion each of three- and six-month issues are to be sold today.
Rothschild, known until last year as New Court Securities, has been expanding and hiring Wall Street talent.
I tried everywhere to find the book, without success.
The ship was raised with Prince Charles, who is president of the Mary Rose Trust, looking on.
The show's host is Robin Williams who, of course, first came to national attention as the zany alien in the series ''Mork and Mindy.''
''She wanted 'marvelous,' or 'dynamic,' or 'moving,' '' Mike recalled.
''Ironically, the company came into a lot of criticism for being too conservative and for failing to replenish its reserves,'' Miss Mobley said.
Instead, he simply refused to sign the court's opinion and concurred only in its re sult.
PITTSBURGH (NL) - Released Paul Moskau and Grant Jackson, pitchers.
By contrast, if both bedrooms have windows looking out on a brick wall, the price will be less.
He cited the American public's readiness ''to pull the trigger if the Japs do anything'' and complained on another occasion about the ''fascist'' propaganda techniques of Wendell L. Willkie, a Republican contender for the Presidency.
The greatest factor in the lack of success of those who did not complete the program was the extent of the need for remedial work, particularly in math fundamentals.
It was not Central Park, of course, but the largest remaining plot of undeveloped commercial land in Manhattan.
Mr. Goodman's Will must walk a difficult line; he must be full of both wisdom and ingenuousness.
West Virginia, which has one game left, against Syracuse at Morgantown, improved its credentials for a bowl bid with its eighth victory in 10 games.
''We are broadening the responsibility,'' he said.
The Heiden name may be back in the Olympic spotlight again.
United States Champions North American Soccer League - New York Cosmos.
James D. Squires, editor of The Tribune, said: ''As a man, a journalist and a friend, Bill Jones was simply the very best.
The spokesman said Saarstahl was seeking about $219 million in federal and regional government aid through 1985 as part of a restructuring package.
But it's just unethical not to try to win.''
But the National Football League Management Council, the bargaining arm for the owners, insisted that it was prepared to submit only its earlier proposals, and the stance of the N.F.L.
He was 86 years old.
Running: Manufacturers Hanover Corporate Challenge Championship final for more than 1,000 runners from New York corporations, trade associations and government agencies, 3.5 miles, at Central Park East Drive at 85th Street, 11 A.M. Thoroughbred Racing: Aqueduct Race Track, Ozone Park, Queens, 12:30 P.M.
This enhances flavor, but the coffee quickly gets cold in the pot.
''We feel betrayed by the American Government,'' said Mrs. Mansker, watching out the storm door of the Cashman house as her three children played outside, something the Federal Government had urged them not to do just 48 hours earlier.
Despite warnings of potential opposition from women, big states and state party chairmen, the executive committee of the Democratic National Committee voted today to endorse changes in the Presidential nominating system.
Today's indictment against Mr. McNeill, a close associate of Mayor Kevin H. White, was announced by United States Attorney William F. Weld and was part of a major Federal inquiry into corruption in the Boston city government.
One could wonder why a suitor asking a father for his daughter's hand has to be a nervous fool, or why the sons of a peace-loving man knock each other about and sing, ''Next to Lovin' I Like Fightin' Best.''
Begin, who ch ose not to make an issue of the French decision to help rebuild an Ir aqi nuclear plant destroyed by Israeli rockets last June.
While the contents of Events are always in flux, one thing remains constant: their length.
For the last four months, Universal Pictures has been quietly considering showing ''The Pirates of Penzance,'' its new multimillion-dollar movie, on a pay-per-view basis on television before it is shown in theaters.
''Then we run through a match that may be upcoming and which he's nervous about.
The time for experimenting is over, Mr. Joseph said, and the time for selling is here.
The killers used machetes to carve the shape of the cross into the chests of two of the victims and before fleeing they left written messages saying, ''With God, without Communism,'' the missionaries said.
Off the living room is the dining room, which faces the back lawn and in which Mr. Nelson has placed three trompe l'oeil panels in the corners.
The horrible examples that came over my desk daily shocked me into doing a little better.''
But acting together we and our allies are making major progress and I'm happy to say the prospects for peace are brighter.
A tank regiment moves on transporters along the road north.
This pressure floods the streets of December with millions of people who detest shopping and ordinarily never do it.
It has a display containing four lines of 80 characters each and uses a magnetic ''bubble'' memory instead of bulkier disks.
Increasingly, too, polls like the Gallup Poll and network surveys show the belief spreading that the Reagan program benefits the wealthy.
Watch Geography, Too Sellers in New York don't like to tell the public too much.
No hostility is expressed in any entry on an individual.
Mass-market paperbacks are soft-cover books sold at newsstands, variety stores and supermarkets, as well as in bookstores.
I don't get involved right off the bat.
The Cuban-Americans, who are strongly opposed to the Cuban Government of Fidel Castro, have regarded the Senator as being sympathetic to Havana.
Nightly Bombing Runs A communique this afternoon said that Argentine Air Force planes bombed British positions ''in the zone of Mount Kent'' in predawn darkness.
No Threat to Astronauts They emphasized that the extended mission, the first in the history of American manned space flight, posed no threat to the astronauts' safety.
Mrs. Vetroskey said the group is now asking 10 or 11 towns along the Housatonic to contribute to a legal fund that would provide enough money to ''let Mr. Carter do exactly what he needs to do.''
Texas A&M 28, Baylor 23 COLLEGE STATION, Tex.
In the 70's, which seemed to be golden, there was usually one acknowledged champion and a few challengers.
Those with more seniority would be guaranteed more than 50 percent of base pay, on a sliding-scale formula.
Mr. Cole's pioneering efforts celebrated the Gowanus and the Kill Van Kull, among other notable waterways.
I traverse it five times with a friend, then meet Rocky Swoboda, the broadcaster, for lunch and talk about 1969.
The most vocal and active TriBeCa residents, clutching their pets and their children, had said they were leaving, and they had, their asparagus ferns waving darkly behind deserted windows.
It was their work that labeled Muncie a ''typical'' Middle Western city, opening the floodgate to a multitude of studies that would follow.
Another automatic dialer, of the panel type, is Panasonic's version ($155).
The document circulated by Mr. Walinsky calls for two-thirds of the Police Corps' financing to be provided by absorbing funds derived from the total elimination of state assistance long provided to New York's independent colleges and universities under the formula developed many years ago by a blue-ribbon commission headed by Dr. McGeorge Bundy.
The airlines would share start-up costs.
He was added in the place of Atlanta forward Dan Roundfield, who missed his second consecutive All-Star Game due to injury.
In addition to possible assistance from the F.D.I.C., the banks expect that lower interest rates will substantially cut their losses.
Surely, we thought, this is an up-and-coming talent to be watched, albeit one a long way from being finished.
The Island Hotel (904-543-5111) expects to offer daily restaur ant service about March 1.
And the Eastwoods, who share a taciturn manner as well as a marked physical resemblance, play this material relatively close to the vest, so that it never develops the playfulness or spontaneity that might have saved it.
* American Pacemaker Corp. said it had received and rejected a $1 million offer to settle a suit it filed in 1980 against Fairchild Camera and Instrument Co., charging that Fairchild delivered defective pacemaker parts.
''The Florida coroners normally don't alert each about missing remains for six months by mail,'' Mr. Walsh said, explaining how the proposed clearinghouse became a busy cause for them in their grief.
Dale Murphy hit a run-scoring single off the glove of Mike Schmidt at third base and Horner's long sacrifice fly scored the second run.
Although participants said the plan had met with general approval, the banks had resisted meeting a Dec. 31 deadline for their response.
Currency analysts say that is unlikely.
State Department officials said that, in addition to seeking curbs on foreign credits to the Soviet Union, the United States should discuss with the allies the possibility of sharply reducing Soviet exports to the West.
The episode was hardly a major breach of ethics.
Allen D. Cornell's setting is tastefully detailed and correct.
''With two rounds to go, it's not that much benefit to be leading,'' she said.
United States officials say they have no knowledge of the existence of Nicartaguan exile training camps.
Dr. Jeffrey Wampler performed the ceremony at the Presbyterian Church in Westfield.
''We're spending about $100,000 on television a week,'' he said.
Copyright 1980, The New York Times
The ominous overtones in his line of specially outfitted trucks and tanks - some include miniature tools - are most overt in a ''Nuclear Plant Decontamination Vehicle.''
Although our legislators are not elected countywide, at least they are elected.
Effects Already Being Fe lt Indeed, the complex economic mechanism by which a big United States budget deficit tends to raise interest rates and unemployment in Western Europe and throughout the world is already starting to operate: Since President Reagan made his budget proposals, American interest rates have gone up and the value of the dollar, in turn, has risen sharply against other major currencies as investors have transferred funds into dollar investments.
Blame Is Widespread Reading the recent Long Island Opinion article ''Is the United States Falling Into Scientific Illiteracy?''
But if the experts in the $63 billion home-building industry are correct, those who are expecting a sharp recovery in the second half of 1982 will have to look to some other industry for leadership.
She created a considerable national commotion when she became the first woman to sit as a Member of the House of Commons.
At first glance, they have a look of interior decoration or enormously expensive tailoring.
Yugoslavia is about to become so.
But he suggested the tension is healthy.
A waterfront building plot on the South Fork, according to Mr. Staller, commands $250,000, while a waterfront acre on the North can still be had for about $75,000.
Sponsored and administered by the American Scandinavian Foundation, with support from the National Endowment for the Humanities and the National Endowment for the Arts, Volvo and Atlantic Richfield, the show, after closing here Jan. 2, will travel to the Minnesota Museum of Art in St. Paul (Feb. 27-April 24) and to the Renwick Gallery in Washington (July 8-Oct. 10).
''Chrysler should have thought about that before they responded this morning.''
Business groups also angrily attacked the corporate-tax surcharge.
It is a neighborhood that looks to Manhattan, but one that seems intent on maintaining an identity distinct from the loft areas across the river, and more distinct still from such places as Long Island City in Queens, which shares an East River outlook but not the Fulton Ferry area's rich architecture, almost all of it mid-to-late 19th century.
concerning their handling of the Citicorp case and other enforcement matters,'' Mr. Barrett said.
That shows that the people didn't want to attack the soldiers or the Jewish people.
This year's deposit bill was introduced in the Assembly on Feb. 4 by Mr. Koppell and 55 cosponsors.
It's likely to be later.
''Paul Strand - The Range of Expression, 1914-76,'' in the Print Gallery on the third floor of the New York Public Library, Fifth Avenue and 41st Street, through December, is a selection of 65 photographs from 1914 until Strand's death in 1976.
''I wanted the paper to be much more agile, much more competitive, much leaner,'' he said, ''and not have this sense, which is inbred in the paper, that it's the only game in town, because we're not.''
Dan Mc Kinnon, the chairman of the Civil Aeronautics Board, said that the sales allowed some airlines to ''take a commodity that they had nothing to do with in developing and make a profit.''
Last week, Britain decided to end its monopsony on North Sea gas.
The aim of the present drive is to add books.
The Tanzanians have not maintained the tracks and trains are out of service for days and weeks at a time.
The Egyptian leader was referring to sales made before relations between the United States and Libya worsened several years ago.
Maynard said that on the day Davis made his agreement with the Los Angeles Coliseum Commission Davis called him three times.
But the bulk of the policies deal with wage earners and professionals, like doctors.
But hold off on the champagne.
In the first phase of the transaction, Morton-Norwich said it began a $50-a-share cash tender offer yesterday for up to 5.7 million shares, or 49.5 percent of Thiokol's shares outstanding.
E.F. Hutton & Company is the financial adviser on the venture.
coalition and, most importantly, three brigades of the Palestine Liberation Army.
A total of 3.3 million Democrats, 51 percent of them New York City residents, are eligible to vote in the primary; 2.4 million Republicans, 86 percent of them in the suburbs and upstate, are eligibile to vote in the Republican primary.
The two rail projects and the Route 17 extension have been on the Meadowlands Commission's drawing boards for anywhere from two to five years, but state transportation bureaucracts and former top staff aides of Gov.
Painting before the High Renaissance is hard to find in Rome, so the collection's fine Gentile da Fabriano of a ship and angel in a swirling sea and a pair of magically real ''Miracles of St. Nicholas'' by Fra Angelico are worth noting.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
He sits on eight corporate boards with businessmen who sometimes listen to him ''maybe more than to most newcomers,'' but who ''don't always agree with me.''
One flight up, dancers arrive for a last rehearsal of the day.
He said he did not expect gold to reach a bottom until hitting $280 or $270 an ounce.
Mr. Moss and Mr. Saines are associated with the Moss Music Group, a record company that includes the Moss, Vox and Turnabout labels, but the association is not limited to the record business.
I want to see the letter and discuss it with the players.''
It offers all parties a way out of the cycle of fear and violence.
But the colony also boasts 235 other islands, most of which are totally neglected by tourists and inhabited by descendants of the fishing and farming tribes that settled in these parts eons ago.
Michelle Davison Dr. Ross .
A glare of light suddenly blotted out my plate, and the people sitting opposite and I saw a microphone being passed around the table as though it were a peace pipe.
The studies cast strong doubt on the currently popular beliefs that sugar makes children hyperactive and that sugar-free diets can curb aggression in prison inmates.
The aristocrat of this group is the cauliflower, the vegetable Mark Twain called ''A cabbage with a college education.''
I can leave at any time.
Among Brown's charges in the book - for which Commissioner Pete Rozelle fined him $10,000 during Super Bowl Week last year - was that Modell told Brown to use Ernie Davis, who was stricken with leukemia, to help attendance.
-------------------------------------------------------------------- Glenn Plaskin is the author of the forthcoming biography of Vladimir Horowitz to be published by William Morrow.
''We're still in the bottom of the trough,'' said John K. Lundberg, vice chairman of Crum & Forster.
Saturday Sports is on page 36.
In 1980, when these teams met in the finals, the 76ers won one of the first two games at Los Angeles, and the Lakers won Games 3 and 6 at Philadelphia, the sixth game for the championship.
Below, the pool is filled with water out of sunlight, the boarhound and the boar pursue their pattern and, under inveterate scars, the blood-wire trills.
It is a rather ambitious first novel that follows Stella Pike, a stubborn lady who insists on seeing justice done after witnessing someone throw a body from a car on a San Francisco freeway.
Rather than exploit Miss Pleshette's talents, Mr. Sl ade usually settles for letting her model an attractive array of Jenn ifer von Mayrhauser costumes.
''Medical education is a very urbanizing influence,'' says the department chairman, Dr. Jack M. Colwill, adding that doctors find it difficult to practice without all the technical aids they had in school.
The project, costing about $2 billion, would transport crushed coal in plastic capsules 1,200 miles through a 36-inch pipe filled with salt water.
When World War II started, he joined the Navy and rose to the rank of Lieut.
''Play our way - or play without us.''
''I didn't realize I had dropped the ball,'' Harper said, ''until I looked in my glove and saw it wasn't there.
(But) I don't think they went about it in the right way.''
Later, he spent a while in Washington, working with several theater groups and doing theatrical work for the Smithsonian Institution.
The cadets were taken to a military base for what is presumed to be training in special-weapons use.
Mr. Stoltzman, for one, said he was nervous about the prospect, just as he used to be at the Marlboro Festival in Vermont, which Mr. Serkin heads, and which several of last night's performers participated in early in their careers.
The restaurant was sold by its original owners to Bernard Norget and Romeo Matiussi, who own and operate La Folie, and they reopened it about two months ago.
Sometimes they will turn out to be untrue.
Chase Manhattan, guarantor for the payments, said it would take a $117 million tax write-off in its second fiscal quarter as a result, $18 million less than expected.
''A lot of the secular problems people are talking about are really just symptoms of very deep business cycle problems,'' he says. ''
But as the Fourth of July weekend began yesterday, the slowdowns and other disruptive actions fell off sharply, and other threatened actions did not materialize.
And Pan Am's advertising agency is none other than Wells, Rich, Greene, which was responsible for Braniff's jellybean-colored planes in the 1960's, and whose chairman, Mary Wells, just happens to be married to Harding Lawrence, who for 15 years was Braniff's chief executive.
I was 6-1 and 190 pounds, and 70 percent of my weight was in the back of my body.
I think shows have to be marketed.
Two of the youths, who authorities said were members of a ''loosely knit group'' that teamed up in various combinations to commit robberies, were taken into custody Thursday evening after they shot at officers who were seeking to question them, according to the police.
Braque was born in Argenteuil-sur-Seine on May 13, 1882, as the son of a house-painter and decorator and grew up to be one of the great French painters of all time.
Sentenced to five years in prison, Mr. Hiss served 44 months.
''My wife and I have always been closely involved with the kids and their activities.''
''We don't want to think about it, and it makes us nervous, and we don't know what to do about it.''
Basic themes were repeated over and over again.
A Neighborhood Refuge Because Schurz Park is relatively small and out of the way for many New Yorkers - ''some people, and a lot of criminals, in this precinct don't even know it's there,'' said Lieut.
While equality is a worthy goal, they argued, it should not be achieved at the expense of suburban property-tax payers, not all of whom are rich.
The bride, a research supervisor at the Cahners Publishing Company in Boston, graduated from the Dana Hall School and the University of Massachusetts at Amherst, which Mr. Caner attended.
Frank L. Cardinale, housing consultant for the village, offered another explanation for the shortage of applications.
Its current editors have at least made it interesting again.
Letters for publication should include the writer's name, address and telephone number.
MRS. A.S. MILDER, Los Angeles
For its third fiscal quarter ended July 31, Massey reported a loss of $87 million, compared with net income of $3 million in the third quarter a year earlier.
The nation's money managers thought the economy would remain sluggish, at least for some months, and that this would push interest rates still lower.
The funds come from a credit line set up by the United States Treasury.
Second today was Innocent Egbunike of Azusa Pacific, who was timed in 10.35.
Life is no more than a burlesque show.
''In five years,'' he said, ''it would be hard to notice the difference.''
Mr. Carney said yesterday that the principal function of the office, founded in 1921, was ''timely fashion information and trend merchandising to our member stores.''
The sum was $6.5 billion below the ceiling Congress itself had established in June.
These, including some small, recently discovered pastels that deal with parts of machine parts, are the most striking works in the show.
In the name of peace, they have waged war.
The person receiving the payment will have no way of knowing whether the payment was paid for or charged.
But many provisions in the tax code today have nothing to do with the business of raising revenues.
The building has three major tenants: Stroock & Stroock & Lavan, a law firm; the Depository Trust Company, a subsidiary of the New York Stock Exchange, and Johnson & Higgins, an insurance brokerage concern.
An avid gardener with many plants, she acknowledges being overly partial to a 30-year-old weeping fig trained to a shape called a standard, which she has maintained for years.
But today there are more choices than stringy meat, vegetables cooked to a fare-thee-well, dumplings that taste like glue balls wadded together, and library-paste gravy that smothers the meat, dumplings and sauerkraut.
Several hours later, a 25-year-old Brooklyn man was arrested on murder and arson charges in his room at Greenpoint Hospital, where he was being treated for burns, according to the authorities.
Farther down M Street, limousines glide up to Pisces, a private club.
The new project will employ computer searches to find abnormal patterns such as doctors billing Medicaid twice for the same service, or different welfare recipients claiming the same dependents.
Trading volume was 83.7 million shares on the New York Stock Exchange, well below recent record levels as pension funds and other institutional investors unloaded blocks of stock to take profits on stock they had purchased earlier in the rally.
Gulden, however, has a large obstacle in Montreal - Gary Carter, the $2 million-a-year catcher.
The moat must be kept weed-free, the portcullis Page 38 oiled and the dungeons sluiced out occasionally.
Tracor, a major defense contractor that also makes equipment for the oil and automobile industries, did not say why the talks had ended.
Questions & Answers HYDRANGEA PRUNING Our hydrangeas had enormous flowers our first summer, but none since.
The deal should be completed in January, it said.
A point of contention is the extent to which the Carey administration was authorized by the Legislature to proceed with the conversions.
The fact remains that as long as the statistics continue to show one arrest for every 2,000 violators, the principal result of ''tough'' laws will be greater expense to the taxpayers.
But, in violence growing out of the Pristina University riots of March 1981, a score of people have been killed and hundreds injured.
He hit the ball wrong.
's, they represent a deposit at a bank that earns a specified rate of interest for a given period of time.
William A. O'Neill, who not only favors the tax but, with certain changes, wants it increased.
The Boston dancers have been very proper Bostonians indeed at times.
Audiences and record-buyers are becoming more eclectic in their tastes.
SKEPTICISM and trepidation abounded at G.D. Searle & Company when Donald H. Rumsfeld took charge in 1977 as president and chief executive.
But at the gate of the Union Pacific Railroad's huge repair yards, where shivering workers were hurrying home through the season's first wet snowfall, resentment toward the President and his Republican supporters was palpable.
Still, the out-of-state backers of the new venture are betting on the vulnerability of the two established papers, which they say have become fat, flaccid and journalistically flat.
''We're going to try to do two or three other things that are important,'' he said, ''but I doubt that the big issues are debated fully in the three weeks of the lame duck, and I doubt that they'll be settled fully.''
But inventiveness could mean extreme fragility; the late Eva Hesse made some pictures with rubber tubes and rubberized cheesecloth.
Stadler Bogeys 3 in a Row After a par on the third, Stadler bogeyed three straight holes.
''A Navy captain was saying that people here and in Europe were getting much too upset about the consequences of nuclear war,'' Mr. Molander recalled.
In some cases, especially in homes that do not have dishwashers and use cold or warm water for clothes washing, even lower settings will be satisfactory - with correspondingly greater fuel savings.
Christian Mari and Henri Szwarc of France, 896.
The best way is with 20 points, seven rebounds and three blocked shots, his output yesterday.
A national nuclear waste policy would be established for the first time under legislation approved by the House.
Alabama doesn't have an outstanding running back, but they have three full backfields, and their long passes hurt people.''
Y.W.C.A., 1 MacDonnell Road, Hong Kong; 5-223-101.
They fight for a cause, for the belief that armed aggression must not be allowed to succeed and that people must participate in the decisions of government under the rule of law.''
Mr. Strickling, who once described himself as ''just an ambitious punk from a farming town named Gardena'' when he joined the Metro Company in 1919, headed the M-G-M publicity department from 1934 until he retired in 1969.
''Lydie Breeze,'' the Guare-Malle theatrical collaboration that opened at the American Place last night, is set in another crumbling beach town of another era - hurricane-gutted Nantucket in 1895 - but it is about the same dreams, the same ghosts, the same kind of metaphorical wreckage.
The only problem, according to several legislators, is that Mr. Karcher launched his pre-emptive strike on the revenue problem without letting even the members of his own party in on his plans.
at the Chancellor's mini-Nuremberg party rally, and his inability to see ''the young and handsome soldiers of the Wehrmacht'' as ''my enemies.''
Using trade and defense differences to drive a wedge between the United States and its European allies has been a major soviet foreign policy goal over the past year.
Some improvement is expected in the second half, when the second leg of the tax cuts takes effect.
They can back down on the reasonable ground that Glen Cove is part of the United States, with an interest in avoiding silly gestures that invite reprisal by the Soviet Union.
(3) - Meritless Compensation: To many people, teaching is a profession, and I would agree that it should be.
He said that ''first and foremost'' was the ''strategic importance'' of Central America to the United States because of its prominence in American trade and the fact that half of American oil moves through the Caribbean and the Panama Canal.
His huge and unfair tax breaks bankrupt the Treasury.
You might say that she was simultaneously a saint and a genius of pleasure.
PARTENKIRCHEN, West Germany, Feb. 14 (AP) - Phil and Steve Mahre, the 24-year-old twins from Yakima, Wash., are returning home with one world championship title, one World Cup crown and eight World Cup victories.
JORDAN J. PAUST Professor of Law, University of Houston Houston, Sept. 23, 1982
The paratroops struck the next day.
To the Editor: Sidney Zion's Oct. 5 Op-Ed article, ''Is Jordan Palestine?
In November 1980, when energy stocks soared to record levels, Standard of California sold at 58 3/4.
Sterling matching services, more prevalent in the East, operate in much the same manner.
Mr. Cox, however, has been ordered to get clearance from Charles I. Schonhaut, assistant superintendent for high schools in Brooklyn.
Cashier's or certified check, money order, MasterCard, Visa or American Express.
Similar problems were said to cause the loss of half the annual potato crop, a waste equal to the entire potato crop in the United States.
Publicly and privately, the Administration told the Government of President Elias Sarkis that it supported the efforts of the Lebanese to maintain order.
Others are more orderly about it, winding methodically through a neighborhood, guidebook and camera in hand.
Police Commissioner Robert J. McGuire warned yesterday that there could be ''massive congestion'' in New York City tomorrow, when thousands of demonstrators are expected to stream into Manhattan for a series of marches and a rally to protest the nuclear arms race.
''People always ask me that.
The various publications of Lycabbetus Press provide a historical survey, information on local mythology and detailed walking hours of 16 localities, including Delphi, Aegina, Naxos and Paros.
Willis Goldbeck, head of the Washington Business Group on Health, representing 200 major corporations with health plans covering a total of 55 million people, said, ''We are not buying into this survival of the fittest system.''
''Atlantic High'' is, moreover, a very personal book.
It is a setback that aggravates the industry's long-term problems of low-grade ore bodies and fierce competition from foreign producers.
The institute is affiliated with the Cathedral Church of St. John the Divine in New York City.
Mrs. Kelly of the Gale agency said that 21 religious denominations are active in the area, with 64 houses of worship.
From Miami on Air Jamaica and B.W.I.A.
It is not every year that a team loses its two line coaches to other teams as managers.
(Investors must pay for trading transactions within five workdays after the trades.)
The television replay showed that Mike O'Koren might have kicked Dawkins.
After unearthing the skeleton, Peale, with good business sense, set out to cover his costs.
The statement drew strong criticism from Marvin Miller, who said that the Players Association would consider any such transaction collusion and a violation of baseball's strict new rules on free agents.
So I peeled back and pancaked him with a block.
And the rhythm-and-blues inflections of ''Black Coffee in Bed'' and ''Points of View'' were pointedly accentuated by Mr. Lavis and by Don Snow, a new keyboardist.
The International Business Machines Corporation, the commission's unpaid consultant, studied the state's present computer system and said in a separate report that the data processing costs for the state system could exceed $50 million a year by 1990.
The worshippers then empty onto the steps of the church to read the story of the resurrection from the Gospel of St. John and to sing.
This week, the Caterpillar board cut the quarterly common stock dividend for the first time since 1953, dropping it to 37.5 cents a share from 67.5 cents a share.
He added, however, that his personal choice was Mr. Rome.
The National Endowment for the Arts named Edward A. Martenson of Yale University's drama program, director of the agency's theater program last Monday.
The Christians ran into resistance from Druse fighters defending the town.
The product groups are glass containers, forest products, health care, plastic products and closure and consumer products.
A number of .32-caliber casings were found under their bodies.
Bruce Babbitt, is charged with finding ways to improve law enforcement, criminal justice and crime prevention; the second, appointed by the Legislature, will concentrate on courts and prisons.
Mortgage-backed bond issues due in 1985 of the American Savings and Loan Association of Beverly Hills, Calif., and bonds due in 1989 of First Nationwide Savings, San Francisco, were reduced to Aa1 from Aaa.
This is one of the first times that a state agency and foreign government have cooperated to bring out a literary work.
Through their commitment to conservation and their high-level moral commitment to be in service to the community, they have and will continue to make Yorktown a better place to live.
He added that the job would be part time, with Mr. Allen working about three days a week.
The bride, who will retain her name professionally, is western regional director of development for the University of Chicago in Los Angeles.
At least, that's what Dr. Avrim R. Eden, an associate professor of otolaryngology at Mt.
The investment bankers never worried about their bonds because they had lent them to highly reliable commercial banks.
The love scenes are terrific and close to clinical.
Israel had been sending arms to Mr. Gemayel's Christian Phalangist militia for some years.
I ran good and blocked good.
''A lot of players don't like to run, or can't, because of knee problems,'' Patrick said.
The apartments, which are adjacent to the John Paul Jones and Leif Ericson Parks, are modest with many rooms only 10 feet wide.
Mr. Spira will remain as Sotheby's finance director until December and then continue there as what the British call a nonexecutive director.
As one Administration official acknowledged, ''You don't always have a choice of the people you deal with when you need information.''
There were no public statements afterward, but it was understood that Mr.
Bullion fell by up to $5 in Europe.
Last night, Shavers lost a unanimous 10-round decision to Walter Santamore in Lafayette, La.
I n the cour se of the first week, 90 people were recalled from 34 provinces, in cluding five governors, two deputy governors, two mayorsand 81 chief administrative officers.
The statement did not specify how Iranian troops meant to keep Iraqi gunners from firing at Iranian cities from emplacements close to the border.
But Victor R. Lindquist, director of placement at Northwestern University and an author of the report, said that in recent months, ''almost every corporation, with the exception of the defense group and the defense support group, has Not all students have had trouble.
Profit Estimates Alan Benasuli, an analyst for Drexel Burnham Lambert, said that Lockheed would end up with the contract even though the Air Force would have preferred a new plane, the C-17 proposed by the McDonnell Douglas Corporation.
Parties may also appeal the plan in higher courts, the judge said.
The charges stemmed from an investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation into allegations that Mr. Estes forged the signatures of G.M.
But Mr. Feinberg's also has first-hand experience with the industry.
But the town did remain largely farmoriented, with Main Street, as Mr. Orcutt recounted, ''an irregular cart path, winding in and out of the stumps of trees,'' and inhabited by geese, pigs and cows bound for grazing grounds on the nearby Village Green.
An Israeli military spokesman said that Syrian and Palestinian forces had first broken the cease-fire.
In the past, her gridded canvases, in the most evanescent of tones, have evoked illimitable, undefinable spaces that could stand for the Sublime; meditative states of mind; the desert skies of her adopted New Mexico.
title two seasons ago, went about their own way in defeating the Spurs in the first game of this four-of-seven-game series.
And I learned a lot from Hannah about how to flatten and clarify gesture, to perform without projecting in the classical sense.
The broad-based support for the compromise virtually assured passage of an updated version of the measure, which was enacted in 1965.
Place the butter in a saucepan with a heavy bottom.
His father, who died of cancer in 1979, worked on a demolition crew and later as a janitor.
The staff also found a 25 percent decrease in the number of companies that had outside legal counsel as directors.
''It's gotten so I'm afraid to pick up the evening paper or turn on the wireless,'' said Mary Palmer as she bought groceries recently.
The New York winners, a foursome with the experience and talent to win the national title, to be determined in Albuquerque, N.M., in July, were Mike Becker, Ron Rubin, Peter Weichsel and Alan Sontag.
The Trail Blazers went ahead, 105-104, with 43 seconds remaining on free throws by Kelvin Ransey.
The decline from the previous week's 1.492 million tons, or 50.4 percent of capacity, took steel production to a record low since 1975, when the trade group began using it as a measure of the industry's health.
Quick to mock, Mr. Plummer scarcely cares whether the mockery wounds: he turns the word ''senator'' into a prolonged hiss, but doesn't so much as glance to see whether or not his target has felt the dart.
Four New Jersey commuter lines (the Morristown line, the Erie line, the Pascack Valley line and the Boonton line) connect there with the PATH train, which carries 60,000 people a day from Hoboken into Manhattan.
Trade experts said that once the duties were posted, it would be more difficult to reach a settlement.
A hospital spokesman said that neurosurgeons had stopped the bleeding and reduced pressure on the brain, but that the player's condition had deteriorated since the operation.
From the river will come the hydroelectric power to keep a new furnace burning at 3,000 degrees around the clock to melt the glass.
Alternatively, there is the elevated gondola at the San Antonio Zoo, 10 minutes outside town.
The home versions of ''TRON'' - ''Maze-a-TRON'' and ''TRON Deadly DISCS'' - will be marketed by Mattel's Intellivision in the fall.
No Showdown A possible showdown between the undefeated 2-year-old fillies Landaluce and Princess Rooney will not take place either this year or in the Kentucky Derby next May, according to Frank Gomez, Princess Rooney's trainer.
As Americans, we felt we might never have had the opportunity to go pub crawling if we hadn't had Australian escorts.
This latest proposal will certainly take us another step backward into the nationwide recession that the Reagan economic plan has begun to bring down on all our heads.
A lonely and much too vivacious woman named Daisy (Chapelle Jaffe) picks up a penny-dreadful street singer, Rafe (Brent Carver), who looks a little too much like her brother.
NEW YORK Democrats - Addabbo, no; Biaggi, no; Bingham, n o; Chisholm, no; Downey, no; Ferraro, no; G arcia, n o; LaFalce, no; Lundine, yes; McHugh, no; N owak, no; Ottinger, no; Peyser, no; Rangel, n o; R ichmond, no; Rosenthal, no; Scheuer, no; S chumer, no; Solarz, no; Stratton, yes; Weiss, n o; Z eferetti, no.
And is this the right time to refinance a mortgage that was taken out when rates were at their peak?
Eight years after the embargo, Washington and Jerusalem remain allies, but allies with increasingly divergent views.
The last third of the 19th century saw the steady intensification of the Russification of Poland.
If most of the developments identified by the new study have tended in a more liberal direction, one trend has made for greater conservatism.
Immediate Withdrawal Demanded The resolution passed today says the Council ''demands an immediate return to the positions occupied by Israel before 15 September, as a first step towards the full implementation of Security Council resolutions.''
''He's not caving in on the third year,'' a Dole spokesman commented after checking with the Senator.
My family had been in Paris less than a year, and already had found that Parisian polish is achieved by a great deal of polishing.
Chatrier has urged the group to accept them in a effort to strengthen the Australian as one of the world's four Grand Slam tournaments.
After all, it's been two years.
For Mr. Reagan, this has also been a week of concentration on foreign policy.
The P.L.O., which denied responsibility for the shooting, has interpreted the cease-fire as applying to only the Lebanese-Israeli border area.
Fare changes now must be approved by the various aviation agencies of each government, often requiring many months.
My wife, Joan, is going to buy.''
The most detailed public critiques of laser weapons have been written by Kosta Tsipis, a physicist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in the December issue of Scientific American, and by Richard L. Garwin, an I.B.M.
Accumulations of soap scum that tend to build up and won't come off with normal cleaning can be removed in one of two ways: 1.
Calls for such roll-call votes often have been used as delaying tactics.
The same charge accounts for the tendency of the television screen to attract dust faster than anything else in the house.
The Joyce Carol Oates story, ''Theft,'' which stands like a formidable structure at the end, explores the intense, odd relationship of two college girls, exposing how people steal everything from fountain pens to souls.
B-After losses from discontinued operations of $3.4 million for the qr and $3.9million for the 9 mos and a charge of $564,000 from the reversal of a tax credit...C-Net income after losses from discontinued operations of $155,000 for the qr and $810,000 for the 9 mos and extraordinary tax credits of $343,000 for the qr and $376,000 for the 9 mos
Antiques prices, he suggested, are buttressed by the fact that ''people who invest in antiques have the thrill of having them at home, while people who invest in paper and diamonds don't get to see them all the time.''
Sonata that he was co-author of with Schumann and Albert Dietrich, and Sarasate's ''Carmen Fantasy.''
''First was seven,'' she said, ''because his lucky number is 437.
'' Senator Patrick J. Leahy of Vermont, another Democrat on the Intelligence Committee, adds: ''This Administration seems to start from the premise, 'How much can we hide?'
''The thing you have to remember, however, is that bankruptcy doesn't neccessarily mean a business is destroyed,'' said Roger C. Kormendi, an associate professor at the University of Chicago's graduate school of economics.
That points toward a delay in the determination of ultimate sovereignty, ideally through submission to the World Court.
Other players, like David M. Cochrane, 39, a senior management executive, savor the ''fraternity'' of a league studded with Ivy League and prep-school fellows; one New Canaan player recognized on the Bedford squad a chum from fourth grade at the Buckley School in New York.
STATE SENATE 17th District: Howard Babbush; 20th District: Thomas Bartosiewicz; 22d District: Johnny Cousar.
- A used car dealer in Illinois says his customers unknowingly got mixed up in Operation Recoupe, an F.B.I.
After three weeks of holding out for a heftier contract, Fernando Valenzuela came to Dodgertown to begin workouts and was met by a phalanx of reporters, photographers and tourists.
''The 'Rake' asks more of audiences than most operas,'' Mr. Hadley says.
- Having the hot-water heater wrapped with extra insulation for $50, to save $6 a year; Mr. Sartori did the job himself for $6.
Mr. Garvey had requested the meetings, sources in Washington said, to ask Mr. McMurray to persuade management to return to the bargaining table.
IN Paul Westphal's first game as a Knick, one week ago today, he created a ripple of excitement at Madison Square Garden, where in recent years the only excitement at a Knick game was when you were able to catch the eye of the ice-cream vendor.
This year, he has set a men's tennis record for purse money won in a single year.
Where Lowell had more than 100 acres of vacant industrial land in 1978, it is now all full, and unemployment has dropped from 13.8 percent to 7 percent, said James L. Milinazzo, the city's director of planning and development.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 7.33 points, to 803.08.
If the new plan is approved by the union members, it should release 1,000 of the 7,200-man sanitation force over a year.
The other, known as a throttling action, is less expensive.
Few think about the Civil War, the most costly conflict ever fought on this continent.
By the same token, many social questions can be couched in technical terms.
It is being proposed that reductions should apply to the type of strategic systems where the U.S.S.R. has a numerical advantage - if this factor is regarded in isolation.
Immediately upon taking over at Wickes four weeks ago, Mr. Sigoloff delayed the company's plan to sell four of its profitable units.
Inside, the blinds were drawn and it might as well have been spring.
He said that ''I never brought the Army home'' but that he felt ''lucky'' that his sons had been drawn to the service.
is reconsidering some of its ways of doing business in response to suggestions that it has been too thorough in removing risk.
Critics also ask why the Voice of America, which has hours of Spanish-language programming daily, cannot perform the tasks outlined for Radio Marti.
), the international governing body of soccer, that it would ban for life players who take part in the tour, which is designed to break South Africa's soccer isolation.
Adjustable rate mortgages have rates that vary during the term with one of the recognized credit indexes.
One amateur became airsick going from the second green to the third tee.
The occasion was a service to bless the United Nations special disarmament session, which opens June 7.
''I think most people completely forget what it was like being a kid by the time they grow up,'' he said.
''The loss of tax revenue had become quite significant,'' said Carl Castelda, deputy director of Iowa's Department of Revenue, which has signed agreements with North and South Dakota, Minnesota and Nebraska and is negotiating with Illinois.
The red flowers open only in the early morning or evening hours.
Federal contributions, called ''impact aid,'' have been made for more than a century to local school districts in dire need of money.
Instead, he tried to give each character ''a particularized way of moving,'' and he emphasized the contrasts among Ariel, the sprite; Caliban, the monster, and Prospero, the duke with magic powers.
But prices of other long-term bonds sold at about the same time declined by similar amounts.
French printed chintz from $30 to $54 per yard.
The bicycle comes with blocks to stand on and a sort of leash to pull it.
And the farm measure tries to raise prices by restricting production, not through Government aid.
But Nobel Prizes celebrate the accomplishments of yesterday, not tomorrow.
During a recent visit to New York, he made a small confession about that surprising choice of title: ''The realistic side of my nature observed that the word 'confession' was box office, the word 'actor' was box office - and even the author might be considered 'box office.'
Although the Chinese began by matching the Americans almost shot for shot, they were trailing by 54-44 by halftime, and this margin widened to 24 points when the game ended and fans were already packing the exits to retrieve their bicycles parked outside.
''They had a drill last Thursday,'' said No rris Keymel.
The result, according to Value Line: ''The company's share of the jam and jelly market continued to grow in volume terms - and, of course, in dollar terms as well, since Smucker is the premium-priced product.''
That was not the intention.
The memo was meant, Mr. Koch wrote, as an update to one sent Nov. 24, in which the Mayor ordered agencies to identify reductions of 3.5 percent in their budgets for fiscal 1984.
The Purple Eagles (1-6) could get no closer than 25-20 with 8:16 remaining in the first half.
And she did not, of course, know that the diamond ace was well-placed.
These, I feel, will not place jewels in my crown of martyrdom, as she feared.
President Reagan said that a $28 billion trust fund would be established for the 43 Federal programs that would ultimately be handed over to the states.
It carried over the left-field fence in Olympic Stadium, two runs scored and the Mets won the game, 5-4.
Unlike many others, it appears to be gaining ground.
Coffee for delivery in May was 0.63 cent lower at 141.09 cents a pound; May cocoa was $7 higher at $1,706 a metric ton, which is 2,204.6 pounds, and sugar was 0.22 cent lower at 8.90 cents a pound.
Supper's been over for hours.''
Thompsons should be pale green to amber in color; Red Flame deep red.
During their tenure, whichranges from six months to more than a year, they serve as confidants, feeding the chairman facts, spotting potential trouble, analyzing trends, passing on gossip and, sometimes, running routine errands.
Today the company produces a vast array of specialty chemicals and products worldwide in four product divisions: nonwovens, life sciences, water treatment and coatings.
The round-trip air fare from New York, estimated at $2,913 in economy class, is extra.
Mr. Church, recently retired from the University of Connecticut faculty, where he was an associate professor of animal science and horse extension specialist, has just stepped down from the presidency of the Southern New England Trails Conference, founded two years ago to establish the Southern Trunk Line Trail, as he calls it.
''I'm looking forward to a full day.''
Sabine gets out of bed, dresses quickly and, when she finally has Simon's attention, announces that she is leaving, not for the night but for good.
BUT the new era of inflation was not so easily ended.
The year before, De Paul was sent to the west, where the Blue Demons lost in the second round to U.C.L.A.
An investigation of the ride at Action Park found no violations of safety laws or amusement-ride regulations, according to William J. Clark, Director of the Division of Workplace Standards.
And just because you had been doing it well doesn't mean it has become easy.
In 1930, the inflation rate was zero.''
''Women'' becomes diffuse, strangely remote from the density one associates with Mr. Alum's own solo dancing.
She retired from show business at the age of 60 to become a nurse and gave that up only when her hospital thought she had reached the mandatory retirement age of 70.
Senator Heflin, as vice chairman of the ethics panel, delivered what many considered the most powerful argument for expelling Mr. Williams.
Explains Perry Ellis: ''Larry is a social animal.
''If they can restrain from killing each other,'' a Western diplomat said recently, ''Beirut in two years will again be the hub of the Middle East.''
It is likely, then, that the absence of Johnny (Lam) Jones, a long receiver, will not be as damaging as might be expected.
Mr. Claudio had given a different version to Justice Browne, the appellate panel related.
By day's end in New York, the dollar was worth 259.30 yen, up from 258.20 late Tuesday.
Perhaps more than any other fashion figure in the 20th century, James had a gift for creating controversy, enemies, a cult following or an impenetrable shroud of mystique.
Agriculture was a disaster: a grain crop that probably was not much more than 170 million tons, nearly 70 million tons under target, and an overall growth rate of 1 percent, in contrast to a target average of 13 percent for the five years of the plan.
Last week's aggressive aim of ''epater les bourgeois'' is this week's commonplace.
WHAT Mr. Reagan ''does not welcome, and cannot abide, is acrimony and discord,'' Mr. Cannon writes, which explains why former National Security Adviser Richard V. Allen (targeted for firing long before the incident involving the Japanese watches and money) and former Secretary of State Alexander M. Haig (who told his then deputy, William P. Clark, in 1981 that Mr. Reagan ''lied to me today, not only once, but twice'') are no longer in the Administration.
It's almost effortless, and I'm delighted that the well-made play is no longer looked at as garbage.
''We pride ourselves in being able to play an extra 20 minutes, or even two extra 20-minute periods, if necessary, without showing fatigue,'' Merrick said.
Malthus didn't allow for human ingenuity, says Professor Aliber.
John Morton, a respected newspaper analyst, said Mr. Allbritton was ''not really accustomed to dealing with the kind of union involvement you find in New York City.''
The police said a pipe bomb exploded in front of the French Consulate General at 934 Fifth Avenue, near 75th Street, at about 9:15 P.M. Minutes later, the second pipe bomb, of similar construction, went off on the steps leading to the entry of the Lebanese Consulate General at 9 East 76th Street, the police said.
The Pittsburgh station WQED produced this show specifically for the pledge period as part of its ''Kennedy Center Tonight'' series.
Lea, who pitched a no-hitter against San Francisco on May 10, 1981, yielded a first-inning single to Craig Reynolds, then retired the next 26 batters before he was pulled for a pinch-hitter in the 10th.
Irvin Braunstein of the Elfenbein Meat Company, which has been at the old site for more than 30 years, said that removal of both the abandoned station and track bed was necessary if he and others were to erect an indoor mall-type of structure for the merchants.
But eventually there could be a national identity effort.
Rather, the tasty assortment was offered to demonstrate that higher nutrition standards could be legislated without a budget increase so that schools would be required to provide more whole foods and menus low in fat, sugar and salt.
Indeed, Dr. Andrews said the best therapy for Mr. Joel's injuries was to exercise his hands and wrists at the keyboard.
Finely ground walnuts can be used in place of the breadcrumbs.
The distinctions he found between ''masscult'' and ''midcult'' set the terms of cultural analysis for critics to come.
It is not easy for Poland today.
Specifically, the suit would require the agency to insure that individual states carried out programs to reduce the lead content of the air, as required by the Clean Air Act.
1, but we also have defense agreements with more than 40 other nations.
Alicia (Sylvia Short) is a marine biologist, imported for an academic conference.
Mr. Zanker said he discovered then that the school at 36 West 62d Street had enrolled its 100,000th student and wanted to celebrate.
''Flash some chrome, fill the 'Dome, ''Don't wake that fellow snoring.
''I would not want to be forced into home dialysis just because it gave my doctor a greater profit,'' he said.
Meanwhile, similar declines were occurring in other large cities, including Detroit, Boston, Washington and Chicago, in large part in inner-city areas, economists say.
Are there no longer any PGA tournaments?
None of the plans had been ordered by the courts.
White Tie Only There are some other points worth nothing about the Gridiron Club, which began in 1885 as a drinking and dining society for a limited number of newspapermen (there are currently 60 voting members) and still, according to one member, Jerald F. terHorst, ''serves no earthly purpose other than provide a good time for members and guests.''
Plunging into the sea off California's Catalina Island has now become a favorite pastime.
The Massachusetts Senator, speaking at a news conference, said he would not accept a draft for the Democratic nomination in 1984, but he did not rule out a Presidential candidacy for 1988 or later.
Funds for World Food Day were provided this year by a grant of about $10,000 by the Agency for International Development, a gift from the Quaker Oats Foundation and voluntary contributions from participating groups.
Call 374-2142 for additional information.
There are not as many tennis courts next to American design centers in Detroit as there are at Calty and Nissan Design.
In fact, he said so many times during recent seasons in Chicago where he was the most visible - he is 7 feet 2 inches - target for the critics of a mediocre team.
The Lieutenant Governor said that poor leadership when either George or Lurleen Wallace controlled state government for all but six years of the past two decades had caused Alabama to miss much of the Sun Belt prosperity experienced by other states in the Southeast.
The operator's job was to touch the bees and lead them into tubs displayed at the bottom of the screen, two bees to a tub.
Vietcong soldiers had followed the sound of Mr. Comire's moans.
The trial court in the case dismissed the complaint but was reversed by the Appellate Division, which held that a jury could find the Transit Authority negligent for failing to remedy a situation that it knew to be dangerous.
Before he was writing for other big names, Mr.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
After July 1, when ''The MacNeil-Lehrer Report'' moves to a new studio in WNET's headquarters at the Henry Hudson Hotel, the 55th Street studio will be vacant.
They found that by 1979 few towns with 2,500 or more people were without ready access to a doctor and that such specialists as urologists, ophthalmologists and orthopedists were filtering into cities with populations as small as 20,000.
Yale is the first university to choose principle over capital in such a case.
Diplomacy is an art of discretion that should save its bluntest language for the most private communications.
All the works - by such artists as Louise Nevelson, Roy Lichtenstein and Dubuffet - were insured.
Among the other staffers either at the institute or soon to be there are John Williamson, formerly with the International Monetary Fund and the British Treasury; Gary C. Hufbauer, formerly with the United States Treasury Department and the Georgetown University Institute of International Law; Stephen N. Marris, senior economist at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris, and John Jackson, an international economic law scholar from the University of Michigan Law School.
''If some high official makes a special trip to Europe, it will be because it looks like there is some chance, not otherwise,'' said one official.
WILLIAM H. KENNEDY JR. President, American Bankers Assn.
That being so, it seems almost certain that the same research skills should be equally capable of predicting juror behavior - particularly when the evidence is contradictory or ambiguous, as it is in the majority of cases.
One thing still functioning in Lebanon is its renowned banking system.
The Fourth District, which includes the Atlanta suburbs in De Kalb County, is now represented by Elliott H. Levitas, a 51-year-old native of Atlanta seeking his fifth term in Congress.
It lost 13.5 cents on the Commodity Exchange to finish at $6.23 a troy ounce.
The Oct. 1 deadline has proven as illusory as the others.
His father is supply manager in the Defense Logistics Agency of the Defense Department in Richmond.
''We have been waiting for them,'' he said.
The Hawks, who won their fourth straight game on the road, trailed, 64-47, at halftime but held the Blazers to just 33 points in the second half as Johnson and John Drew came alive on offense.
Mr. Miyazawa was quoted by the Associated Press as having said in Tokyo: ''I doubt if the Americans know of the GATT rules.
The Argentines will constantly harass British forces on the islands, analysts here believe, waiting for the British public to become tired of the costs, both financial and strategic, of tying up warships and troops defending 1,800 people 8,000 miles away.
In current vernacular, just go with the flow.
Charles J. Kulp, a field supervisor of the Interior Department's Fish and Wildlife Service, which operates the refuge, had warned in an April 1980 letter to New Jersey's Department of Environmental Protection that if plans for the housing project were approved the result would be ''devastating'' to the refuge.
But in the free skating, which counts for 50 percent in the overall standing, she made seven triple jumps without faltering as she outskated the field of 33 competitors.
A few things have already been accomplished to this effect, particularly in the framework of the Helsinki accords.
The first day is usually a tedious one, for every visitor to the Moon must be thoroughly examined biologically and medically, despite the initi al screening on Earth.
No matter how talented or zealous they may be, they remain imprisoned in an inert melodrama that refuses to yield a single honest emotion or original thought.
On the front wall, marked with a red stripe, is a 19-inch-high piece of tin that clangs when struck by the small rubber ball.
Both Mrs. Michelson and Mrs. Pinskey expect to be on hand tomorrow for the graduation of Carol Pinskey.
The growth of receipts will recover, but not a the levels previously projected.
Robert M. Ball, a former commissioner, questions whether greatly increased welfare expenses for those who would be dropped from the rolls would not wipe out much of the savings achieved by reduced benefits.
Mr. Seery said his department worked in terms of ''catchment areas,'' and that a fourth office would be considered if population density justified it.
That meant an increase in consumers' installment debt outstanding at an annual rate of only 2 percent in July, compared with an annual rate of 4.75 percent in the April-to-June quarter.
In 1923, Gloria and Reggie are married.
The era of copper's dominance of the economy of Montana came to a symbolic end Friday as the Anaconda Copper Company announced it was closing the Berkeley Pit at Butte, one of the world's largest open-pit copper mines.
The last chapter of ''Towards a New Cold War'' is about the tiny Pacific territory of East Timor, a colony of Portugal until the Portuguese revolution of 1974, when it declared its independence.
MARK GARRISON, Providence, R.I., May 14, 1982 The writer is director of the Center for Foreign Policy Development at Brown University.
The only bookstore in one of the country's largest malls, it faces no threat from the money-making book discounters, such as B. Dalton and Waldenbooks, which hurt sales at other Brentano's outlets.
And Mr. Simon's purpose here is to indicate that there are certainly flies on his heroine.
Perhaps a craving for double-barreled Berlioz, the ''1812'' Overture and other explosive displays was implanted in our proto-genes at the time of some cosmological bigbang - or maybe the desire to be startled by noise is merely one of those flights back into childhood that music often allows us to enjoy without shame.
''The only conditions for talks are lifting of the state of w ar and freei ng all those imprisoned.
Mr. Eagleburger was born to a Milwaukee family that was involved in Republican politics and that had a particular connection to Melvin R. Laird, a former Congressman from that state, former Defense Secretary and Republican Party guru.
I knock back a couple of martinis in the bar, Cambon side.
And, the sources said, the city could arrange for electricity to the Garden to be supplied by the State Power Authority.
In the Ninth District, Harold C.''Hap'' Hollenbeck of East Rutherford, the Republican incumbent, is being challenged by Robert G. Torricelli of New Milford, a Democrat who was counsel to former Vice President Walter F. Mondale.
James River said it planned to acquire the remaining shares for $31 in cash, with the total acquisition valued at about $55 million.
Susan McAdams, director of the telecommunications project of the National League of Cities in Washington, D.C., said the lawsuit could set a sweeping precedent.
And however the court rules in this case, fans accustomed to seeing players shift venue every season had better get ready for the day when the whole team calls the whole country home.
It shows that we old men have a place in the boxing sun.''
He said that California's Governor, Edmund G. Brown Jr., and Kentucky's Governor, John Y.
''I'll give you two indicators - one is the staff he's put together and the other is his good relationship with the work force.
As I look at child raising in the 1980's, I'm not convinced that the offspring of this generation, for all its liberation and presumed insight, will grow up any healthier and happier than did the children our parents produced.
It is, however, very important in this context not to take up an either/ or position.
''The ultimate issue is,'' she went on, ''exactly what was the message broadcast?''
He took the word 'hunting' literally.
degree in broadcasting and film from Stanford University.
FROM KOREA Certainly in terms of exhibitions and performances of the Asian arts, this is the year of the Koreans in this country, a situation prompted by the centennial celebration of mutual diplomatic recognitions by Korea and the United States.
''Once I realized the world record was possible, I decided to keep going as long as I could,'' he said.
He said Mrs. Gerard's successor would be Kenneth Lipper, a 41-year-old investment banker.
Speaking to 4,000 Roman Catholic educators, Mr. Reagan said the proposal was not a ''divisive threat'' to public education but rather would stimulate public schools through increased competition from private institutions.
''I'll never do that again,'' Smith said.
The dog was hit by two bullets and each time returned to attack the policeman, officials said.
Low-key or not, Mr. Lynn has taken over the Woolworth reins at a pivotal time.
A morgue attendant at the Queens Hospital Center has been arrested and accused of setting at least three fires at the Jamaica institution in the last five weeks.
The Washington Bullets lost their second starting guard in the last two weeks when Don Collins was found yesterday to have a stress fracture behind the second toe of his left foot.
Any potential juror who the judge decides would not ''decide this case only on the basis of what transpires here in the court room,'' as he put it, would be disqualified.
Jim Hart engineered the winning drive from his 34-yard line.
Mr. Conant asked: ''How were the natives?''
Last night, thousands of Hasidic Jews crowded the streets around the tiny Chesed l'Abraham Synagogue in the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn to pay tribute to the rabbi, the leader of the Skullener sect.
After Columbia had closed to within 20-10, McGugan gave the Crimson a cushion by scoring on a 6-yard run.
and West Coast ship owners since 1948, when he helped settle a 95-day strike.
A two-career couple, together earning $100,000 a year, would need to save somewhat less as a percentage of their gross salaries to accumulate the necessary savings, according to Buck.
The Canadians say they will build about 40 percent of the car components in the United States and nearly half in New York.
Because Christmas is being observed this day as a Federal holiday, official Washington will all but close down.
The Zagreb dancers had energy galore.
Fouts had his second consecutive record-breaking year, setting single -season marks for pass attempts (609), completions (360) and yards (4,802), and helped lead San Diego to i ts third consecutive Western Division title.
He accused the Reagan Administration of trying to lower the quality of air and water and ''squander'' public lands and mineral rights.
The D'Agostino supermarket chain is opening its first store in New York equipped with surveillance cameras today, said Mary Moore, the company's director of consumer affairs.
Iona is in the 32-team N.I.T.
He would have trouble rationalizing a fifth-place finish in a 10-mile race, he said, especially if the time were uninspiring.
The victory was the Dodgers' sixth straight and increased their lead in the National League West to two and a half games over Atlanta.
The newspaper said Mr. Raulinaitis was dismissed after he discovered that a one-pound piece of metal that he had worked on for 112 hours was radioactive.
When asked if the Government also regards its losses in the transportation businesses as ''foreign aid,'' President DeRoburt replies, ''There has to be that element in it.''
This compared with $89.6 million, or $2.24 a share, in the 1981 first half, when sales came to $3.5 billion.
Mr. Kaufman, vice president of retail sales at Lebenthal & Company, was really a second-tier middleman in the deal - Citibank had won the initial distributorship - but he was busy, all the same.
The Opposing Arguments Libya says that because Mr. Goukouni was initially recognized by a caucus of African presidents, he can be stripped of recognition only by a meeting of heads of government, not by the foreign ministers in Tripoli.
Six months after coming to the Reds as vice president and general manager, Mr. DeWitt, in November 1960, was promoted to president and general manager.
If peaceful change is still possible in South Africa, the Solarz Scholars will play their part.
The strike ended Wednesday night after 6,500 transport workers, who had defied a back-to-work law since Friday, reluctantly yielded to provincial government threats and public protests.
''We're one game away from the Final Four.
The machinists' union said officials were not immediately available for comment on the ruling.
But a trade for the first baseman fell through when Oscar Gamble refused to go to the Rangers.
He is happy with the Yankees, but treatment similar to the kind Holtzman received would erode that happiness.
They result from a United States Government finding that a number of European steel companies were able to sell steel in this country below cost because of government production subsidies.
It gave no breakdown between civilians and fighters.
Mr. Lehrman said that economic growth - and, presumably, inflation - would keep total state sales tax receipts at the current level.
Though financed on a shoestring, the project has survived and carved out a niche for itself in the ideological spectrum, in good part because of Mr. Green's relentless energy in promoting it, his capacity for copious writing and his desire to voice a coherent alternative to Reagan policies.
They argue that while some countries may get more than 30 percent of their gas from the Soviet Union by the 1990's, this will still only represent 6 percent of their total energy consumption.
Nothing has really been decided.
''I don't want to make money,'' explained Mr. Wong.
His top political aide and district leader in Canarsie, Anthony Genovese, was involved in the distribution of the Padavan-Duane fliers and posters by three bus loads of workers and youngsters from Canarsie.
One can visit the waterfall overlooks, then drop in at the lodge for five-course dinner -about $20 a person plus wine - that culminates in a venison casserole, a roast or a pate.
He visits villages, and boys stand on the sides of the road, as when King Hussein comes.''
National brands continued to take over regional ones and as they did more consumers stepped up to premium brands like Budweiser and Miller High Life.
The library, which has been opening in fits and starts for a year, is in the former Arnold Constable department store building at Fifth Avenue and 40th Street, around the corner from where it used to be.
It was customary to speak of ''the cold virus''; once this entity had been isolated, it was assumed, a vaccine would be developed.
Born in a mud house in the dusty village of Sandhwan, in the Punjab, on May 5, 1916, the young Singh was indifferent to his studies.
G one are many of the architectural flourishes, replaced by softly t ailored minimalism: three-quarter-length lapel-less jackets; m annish, straight-leg trousers; trousers with pockets that stand out f rom the hip; slim, knee-length skirts; T-shirt-styled leather tunicsa nd sexy chamois jackets fitted at the waist with deep dolman sleevesa nd little zippers on the cuffs for a snug fit.
It turned out he was a 29-year-old former teacher who came to this country two years ago in the wave of Cuban immigration and lost himself along the way.
Brendan T. Byrne stood among the cracks in a parched reservoir bed and ordered homes, schools, factories and offices to save water.
So, what is often ruled as police misconduct is actually the police acting in the 'good faith' belief that what they are doing is proper.
The workmen could tell they had cleared the painting into the new wing by the feel of marble under their feet and by a sudden whiff of fresh paint.
Some guys think contracts only go one way, but our boys will find out different.''
They executed it 114 times, 40 more than the next busiest bunting team, the Cleveland Indians.
As dramatic monologues, the sketches fade next to Jane Martin's vivid ''Talking With'' and seem to have a close affinity with the kind of chatty Chautauqua circuit club lady that the author was supposed to be satirizing.
He is still unem ployed.
One man convicted of smuggling marijuana was given a going-away party by other local residents before being sent to the Eglin Air Force Base prison in the Florida Panhandle.
So this moral book may be put to immoral uses.
He's running it, and they don't like it.''
The Arab League has said it will not endorse a Jordanian role unless the P.L.O.
In 1965, he returned to Time as a contributing editor.
Many of the supply-siders have left, and the remaining monetarists are expected to temper their views in the quest for lower interest rates.
But he retains one strong ambition in boxing - to move up two divisions and take the world lightweight crown from Alexis Arguello of Nicaragua.
''This goes with Christmas,'' said Barbara Pusty, her arms loaded with packages as she waited for a bus nearby.
''We expect homicide charges to be filed in addition,'' said Robert Colangello, Brooklyn Chief of Detectives.
Dr. Lester S. King, a former editor of the Journal of the American Medical Association who is now at the University of Chicago, has referred to the situation as the ''mess'' of American medicine.
''The Hussein-Arafat talks in Amman with their known horizons,'' the editorial said, ''are a violation of all the Arab summit's resolutions,'' adding that the discussions were ''especially a violation of the principle saying, nobody, unilaterally, is allowed to deal with the Palestinian issue.''
(The firm's senior partner, Charles Moore, former dean of Yale's School of Architecture and establishment architecture's long-reigning enfant terrible, is perhaps the godfather of the trend.)
The show presents works by a dozen artists who reflect great variety of style, from academic to primitive, but which all have narrative elements.
Then put them in almost any quantity you wish into plastic bags, pressing out a good deal of the air from the bag and sealing it tightly.
Local food, Threecourse dinner: $20.50.
loan requires an extra 1/2 percent for insurance.
I would visit with people from the A.C.L.U.
Officials say the van was rented by a man who had obtained a duplicate license by impersonating a real Manhattan resident named Barranco.
Strange made it clear, however, that Palmer did not bear a grudge, and that they had practiced together since the letters went out.
28 PAPERBACKS: NEW AND NOTEWORTHY.
My honesty had meant nothing after all.
Most familiar to Americans is Arata Isozaki, an architect who has become a major figure on the international scene.
The rigors of martial law impose discipline both on those who are in charge of the economy and those who are engaged in production processes.
The five-room apartment on Via Laurentina in the southwestern suburb was inhabited at that time, in the spring of 1978, by Anna Laura Braghetti, a young terrorist who is suspected of having participated in practically all major operations conducted by the Red Brigades between 1976 and the time of her arrest in May 1980.
Bermuda has been mostly on the periphery of American history.
With the World Cup having ended July 11, with first-division schedules under way in many countries, and with injuries, it has been a massive logistical operation to get 32 of the world's best players into one stadium on the same night.
''The campaign is on target,'' he said.
He previously was graduated from the University of Maine, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa.
The mood is gloomy in the West End.
In their opinion, basic industry, natural resource and energy shares are not likely to sustain good results.
The new enterprise plans to operate at least one satellite channel.
According to Elizabeth Lamb, a partner in the Condie Lamb Agency, the house was on the rental market for $25,000, ''but they will rent for $18,000.''
He does exactly what has to be done, without question.
* Putnam Group of Funds said the intial offering of Putnam Health Sciences had raised $245.3 million.
For Harris, based in Melbourne, Fla., the sales agreement follows 15 years of rapid expansion into semiconductors, data processing equipment, broadcasting equipment and other areas of the electronics industry.
Unfortunately, he added, he is not big enough or wise enough.
Yesterday's modest price declines were attributed to a lack of good news and not to any developments that would change the widespread forecasts of lower interest rates in coming weeks and months.
After Thomas and Dennis Gentry got stopped on two successive running plays, an illegalprocedure call against the Bears moved the ball back to the 6.
If the lawn has not been limed in recent years, it may need it.
Ron Davis got the last out for his 14th save.
Adds the Bank of New York's Mr. Booth: ''We continue to have an extraordinary opportunity'' for more gains.
In 1957, the carrier registered its last quarterly loss, $67,000, for the second fiscal period.
Eye-tracking research is usually employed before an ad runs, so an advertiser can make certain that consumers will get the right sales message and brand identification before he invests millions of dollars buying magazine space.
The Mayor's remarks served to underline the growing economic and social gap between Canada's regions as western cities like Calgary ride the tide of an energy boom while in the east a deep recession in manufacturing industries is creating some of the highest unemployment levels since World War II.
She will speak at 8 P.M. in Wilson Auditorium at Fairleigh Dickinson's School of Dentistry.
The council, which says it has a membership of 4 million, largely union retirees, favors solutions that stress raising revenues rather than cutting benefits, including advancing the Social Security tax increases now scheduled for 1985, 1986 and 1990.
Dr. Landon's research, started in Austria in the 1940's, unearthed some lost Haydn works, authenticated at least one suspect composition and provided original manuscripts or first editions that corrected some modern editions of the composer's music.
Some Practice Problems While practicing recently, Mrs. Slaner, as South, found herself in a shaky slam contract on the diagramed deal.
They are having a big scandal at home over what they call American-style leaks from military chiefs questioning the Government's new defense policy.
A fellow inmate testified today that Joseph Paul Franklin boasted of shooting Vernon E. Jordan Jr., but that he did not know his victim was the prominent civil rights leader when he opened fire.
National juried exhibition of contemporary cookie jars in various craft media and a collection of antique biscuit jars.
The most serious occurred in September 1980 when the company announced it was closing several copper smelters, resulting in the loss of 1,500 jobs.
The study found that 36.8 percent of the recipients were employable and available for work.
Now, nearly a year later, the business tax breaks have not touched off much capital spending.
The author, now 70, declined to write the scripts himself, but he did agree to try his hand at writing an original play for television.
We must stanch the hemorrhage of the nation's lifeblood when what is needed is a rush of blood to the brain.
Periodically, doctors update and review the family history because it can provide a wealth of information that can be, in some cases, more important than anything they do in a physical examination or a laboratory test.
The route where a large bulldozer would haul sheds and supplies across a frozen sea looked strong.
''It might be a loser for a while, but if people got used to the idea of traveling down (to Gateway) to facilities that would lend themselves to restaurants and other amenities, it might be that you will see over a period of time totally new recreational habits developed.''
RICHARD J. ROTHMAN New York, Aug. 16, 1982
Bankers in the United States disputed such reports.
The ''Decree on Ecumenism'' (''Unitatis Redintegratio'') opened up and formalized cooperation and communication with non-Catholics.
It seemed in 1981, when reports of Memphis began to arrive from Milan, that this was to be nothing but a big put-on, a kind of punk furniture design that existed to thumb its nose at bourgeois culture more than anything else.
Representative Bobbi Fiedler of California, a Republican member of the Budget Committee, predicted that Congress would end up with a budget ''passed by conservatives in both parties.''
Representative Toby Moffett, Democrat of Litchfield, is vacating the seat as the party's candidate for the United States Senate against Senator Lowell P. Weicker Jr., a Republican.
''Dining out is a way of spending now without committing yourself to spending more in the future.
Ensign Mustin graduated from St. Stephen's School in Alexandria, Va.; the University of Richmond and on Feb. 12 from the Naval Officer Candidate School in Newport, R.I.
''We have a big mailing coming, more than one million pieces,'' he said.
But the medium's message is not always so widely welcomed or so clearly benign.
Maybe we will have gridlock.
Every request is subject to a detailed inquiry by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which conducts as many as 50 interviews to flesh out each application.
''She presumes to come here and give me advice,'' he said.
BILLS 10.43 10.75 15.40 6-MO.
Instead, they made plans to replace hi m at guard, so they gave up a first-round draft choice for Randy Smith an d traded Mike Woodson, a young talent and their top 1980 draft choic e, for Mike Newlin.
Secretary General Edem Kodjo of Togo, who pushed through the acceptance of the Polisario Front, says he expects it to be seated at the meeting.
Two Opinions on Busing Last month Mr. Smith told Representative Peter W. Rodino, the New Jersey Democrat who is chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, that the anti-busing bill sponsored by Senator J. Bennett Johnston, Democrat of Louisiana, and Senator Jesse Helms, Republican of North Carolina, was constitutional in that it restricted only the lower Federal courts.
The Gathering Storm To his mother, Peewee was a child out of control who ''just had to be tops'' and the ''boss of everything.''
It has feet, jaws, eyes.
Even though there are literally thousands of such artists, particularly in major cities, finding a good one can take a bit of detective work.
High unemployment worldwide endangers the entire economic and monetary system.
SUN PRINCESS Capacity 700 passengers, outdoor pool, Continental cuisine.
With its pared-down elegance and concentration on white and navy, Ralph Lauren's entire collection seems minimalist, though it harks back to the simplicity of 1920's and 30's sportswear, interpreted in modern terms.
It was the third straight loss for Utah.
''This is important,'' said Brunner.
HOCKEY CALGARY (NHL) - Called up Pat Rib- b le, defenseman, from Colorado of the C entral Hockey League.
The Vietnamese ''diplomatic offensive'' was described by Malaysia's Foreign Minister, Mohammed Ghazali bin Shafie, who said he spoke for all countries of the association, as having had three aims.
''God is witnessing our actions,'' he said.
And obviously, during periods of recession, it has to be extended.
Boulanger's contagious enthusiasms grew to be rote.
Shoot a strong stream down the pipes while lowering the hose as far as it can go.
Myra Russell, associate professor of English at Seton College, spent last year tracking down Palmer's manuscripts, letters and personal history, which she will present to the Eighth International James Joyce Symposium in Dublin in June.
For this particular audience, perhaps one of the high points was the finding that radio will suffer least from the incursions of cable, according to the expectations of cable subscribers.
One way to cope with the reduced expenditure, the board decided today in a 7-5 vote, is to allocate most of the extra interest income to the stations, with the requirement that the stations raise money through challenge grants.
Vietnam gets $3 million a day from Moscow, according to Western estimates, but Prime Minister Pham Van Dong said it suffers from shortages of nearly everything - energy, materials, transport, clothing, housing, medicines and even paper.
Actually, under the proposed law (Articles 76 and 77), coastal states are given rights to mineral resources of the sea bed and its subsoil out to 200 nautical miles, or, where the continental margin extends beyond 200 miles, to the outer edge of that margin.
But his traditional allies, particularly the United States, do not seem willing at present to help him out of a colossal economic crisis.
''President Reagan has sent all of that money to Poland, but we need it right here.''
Last year, according to the ratings, 11.5 million people did.
''The Man from Mars'' describes a foreign student - bespectacled, ugly, hopelessly obtuse and persistent, a citizen of a deliberately unnamed Far Eastern country in which eventually North starts fighting South.
While not on display, delicious kiwi tarts - consisting of a round of pastry filled with custard, fresh kiwi slices and anointed with amaretto - may be ordered.
We fought there even in the winter, it didn't make any difference to him.
Add to the high interest rates a major reduction in the Federal work force, budget cutbacks that are felt in the private sector and growing apprehension about the economic course President Reagan has charted.
Public television, suffering from acute financial woes, will offer a more modest selection of new series this fall - in several cases presenting a series consisting of just six episodes.
Then he began working with Advocates for Children of New York, to change what he called ''the city's discriminatory school discipline and educational policies.''
That policy called for the routine parole of Haitian refugees, after a medical screening, to sponsors in the community pending hearings on whether they were admissible.
''Our commitment is to keep it as a group and as part of the American patrimony,'' Mr. Janet said.
That included a 4.6 p ercent drop for automobile dealers, who saw sales deteriorate even more in January after one of their worst years on record in 1 981.
IT has been a resoundingly good musical year in Westchester, with dozens of successful local series, an increasing number of visiting celebrities and much imaginative programming.
To that point and for quite a while afterward, the play of both teams and especially the two big men seemed tentative.
Bruins 5, Whalers 1 HARTFORD (AP) - Mike Krushelynski scored a goal and two assists to lead Boston.
Psychological testing was long in vogue at many companies.
While Marco Polo spent more than 20 years on his China project, the producer Vincenzo Labella devoted only five months to shooting his film in that country.
Bean had dropped to a tie with Jerry Pate with bogeys on the 14th and 15th holes, but Pate gave back the lead with a bogey at 16.
Under the warm, pale light of early fall, the landscape is silvery green from unseasonly abundant rains in late summer.
Newly started construction of all kinds amounted to $12.9 billion in November.
And then we all tend to pretend that therefore that's the good thing, the right thing to do.
If necessary, he said, the issue should be taken to the United Nations.
''When I'm doing good, I don't change.
The only risk is a very faint one: South might have begun with 2-7-2-2 distribution, in which case he has misplayed the hand by playing clubs before diamonds.
The President is strongly ideological and his people are somewhat more so than our staff was in the Eisenhower years.
Christison was quoted as having said: ''If the instant-replay camera showed that the puck didn't go in the net, then I'm wrong.
''When you send somebody through college, when you help somebody become a more productive individual, that benefits society,'' he said.
''Power at the moment does not reside in the Government.''
Dave Cowens says he would like to make a comeback in the National Basketball Association but in a city other than Boston, where he starred for the Celtics for 10 years until his retirement in 1980.
The Horn-Munzo duo hooked up for a 20-yard touchdown in the second quarter and a 10 yarder in the fourth.
''He was a fisherman and he not only entered the city but the hearts of the Romans.
Among the jobs that would be open to graduates of the program would be clerical and computer key-punching positions.
- who gets a chance to play her own mother in a drama about how her parents fell in love.
Besides these two root crops, carrots and turnips can also be stored in the ground until quite late.
Films made for television have been especially graphic, with portrayals of teen-age prostitution (''Off the Minnesota Strip''), child pornography (''Fallen Angel'') and drug abuse (''Angel Dusted'') among the most popular in recent years.
I was just happy to be in the league.
''This is the first time in over 20 years that I've been painting that I've been able to work around a group of artists,'' he said.
The Soviet leader was reportedly hospitalized recently, but the President said he had ''no confirmation'' that Mr. Brezhnev was very ill, perhaps too ill to attend the conference.
The Court announced its schedule for the final two-week argument session of the term, to be held next month, and the schedule did not include the Bob Jones University or Goldsboro Christian Schools cases.
Albanian diplomats said Mr. Shehu had been treated three times in France since the early 1970's for an unspecified illness, possibly cancer, and speculated that this could have been a factor behind his nervous breakdown.
In other words, Schubert's irony was gone; and as a result, Mr. Hirst's expressiveness, care and considerable talent were often compromised.
Difficult to think of a career where you need less.''
The prosecution has estimated her inheritance, from Pittsburgh utilities, at $30 million.
For 5,089 Taxpayers, A Welcome I.R.S.
The United States, France and West Germany have already agreed to build eight nuclear power stations in Egypt.
The council had already endorsed the idea as a way to adapt to its changing population, but the developers wanted an extension, because of a delay in getting a subsidy from Washington.
''I was being very healthy, not eating sugar and running in Central Park.
* Jamesway Corp. has appointed Joseph Ettore vice president, merchandising.
Mr. Jung, now retired, was senior partner in Jung & Jung, certified public accountants in Sheboygan.
The company said current group insurance accounts would be phased out by Sept. 30, 1983, and that new accounts would not be issued.
Coach Ray Perkins said if Carpenter was ready, he would play, although he did not think he would have enough stamina to play the whole game.
By contrast, consider the problem of the affable Mr. Reagan.
Flashing his most sanctimonious smile, Freddy tells the viewers th at the work in Brazil will cost $185,000, and as ks Tom if it's worth it.
Mr. Rosenthal's supporters quickly gathered enough signatures on a petition to place a slate of candidates headed by Mr. Rosenthal on the ballot.
As part of an earlier credit package, the United States extended $1 billion of crop-export loans to Mexico.
'Not Propaganda but Information' Mr. Francis, addressing an International Press Institute meeting in Madrid on press-government relations in a free society, added, ''It's not the BBC's role to boost British troops' morale or to rally British people to the flag.''
might invest, tactics that Mr. Trudeau defends as befitting a major shareholder.
Robin Yount beat out an infield hit to lead off the 11th and Cecil Cooper's single sent him to second.
A Labor figure weighty in military matters, General Mordecai Gur, a former chief of staff, said that all the fighting in Lebanon had been pointless after the first week, costing Israeli lives needlessly.
NEW YORK YANKEES (AL) - Placed Butchy Wynegar, catcher, on 15-day disabled list with viral infection.
Derived From Virginia Ruling The case the Court accepted today is an appeal by one such employer from a ruling by a Federal appeals court in Virginia.
The same observers then expect Mr. Hayden to win in November in the heavily Democratic district.
The word 'strike' was not mentioned all day.
Tourism, the biggest sector, although still providing vital income, has stagnated for two straight years, while the islands' military income may be about to climb.
Threefold Ministry Although there is no single New Testament pattern ... and although other forms of the ordained ministry have been blessed with the gifts of the Holy Spirit, nevertheless, the threefold ministry of bishop, presbyter and deacon may serve today as an expression of the unity we seek and also as a means for achieving it.
The martial-law ruler of Bangladesh announced that special courts would be set up to punish everyone guilty of corruption, with the power to impose heavy prison terms or execution.
Mr. Cohen also said that unusually warm weather recently, in addition to the Tylenol scare, had been responsible for a 20 percent decline in sales of analgesics because there were fewer colds.
Officials and many Chileans say they still fear the deep divisions that erupted into violence under President Salvador Allende Gossens, whom General Pinochet overthrew in a coup in 1972.
Unlike other California offices filled by statewide voting, the top education job is a nonpartisan post.
At the same time, more than a hundred wealthy suburban school districts would lose much of their state assistance.
Obviously, a show with ''Rock 'n' Roll'' in the title is built around sound, but its look, multimedia, is important, too.
On the other hand, fish and poultry prices moved up after falling in February while beef and veal prices climbed faster than in the first two months of the year.
2 Friday night with Phil Niekro, his 43-year-old knuckleball ace, with only one day of rest.
But he said Gretzky was peerless in the league because ''his total intensity and desire is greater than anyone else's, plus God gave him an awful lot of talent.''
* First Jersey National Bank/South elected Walter E. Cramer vice chairman of its board of directors.
Was this fire a good idea?
One of the high points: a field excursion to the island of Komodo, to see, from a safe distance, the world's largest lizards, the Komodo dragons.
Mr. Shaffer, the author of ''Sleuth'' and of the screenplay for Alfred Hitchcock's ''Frenzy,'' has been uncharacteristically lazy in ''Whodunnit'': there's no good reason why he couldn't have given us his punch line and an entertaining first act, too.
Where have they gone, for instance, all those hot words that were exchanged for a hundred years over the last string quartets of Beethoven?
According to a Dartnell biennial study of selling compensation, salespeople on salaries in 1981 averaged $29,120, up 30.8 percent from 1979; those on commission, usually more experienced people, earned an averag of $32,658, 8 percent higher than two years before, while those on a combination of salary and commission earned $33,110, 16.4 percent more than in 1979.
According to the eight-count indictment, Admiral Santamaria and others ''would supervise, in Cuba, the protection and resupply of ships transporting methaqualone tablets and marijuana'' from Colombia to the United States.
Henry A. Kissinger, dashing off to the oper a with his wife, Nancy, asked Mr. Buckley whether ''you'll be with us in Acapulco.''
But voters in Maine rejected by a margin of 55 to 45 percent a proposal to shut down the state's only nuclear power plant by 1987.
Miss Mellen traveled to Athens at Mr. Michaelides's request to testify before a Greek court, which ultimately decided there was insufficient evidence to extradite him to the United States for trial.
NO HOLLY BERRIES We have several large hollies around our home, but none have red berries.
Metropolitan The violent life of Peewee Brown is the story of a chronic truant who began a life of crime the age of 11 and pleaded guilty to a murder at the age of 15.
If we really wanted to avert these and other dangers of an overanxious Soviet interest in the Polish political scene, then we must be willing to address ourselves to the Kremlin's basic strategic stake in in the Eastern and Central European region.
One reason is that organizations are reluctant to make public warnings because they say that doing so gives such therapies more attention than they deserve.
Maybe so, but it can go too far.
But for all their talk about wanting to be great artists, they never discuss esthetics of any kind.
The neighborhood has some architectural treasures.
They made their comments while touring Hedrick Hall on the campus of the University of California at Los Angeles in Westwood.
The spokesman said there were 164 wounded and four missing.
His friends said the real reason for the arrest was a statue he had sculpted and erected without permission, in memory of a friend who died in state custody.
Under New Jersey industrial development programs, Ideal enjoys a 15-year tax abatement that cuts its tax bill on the Newark property by almost 80 percent - $800,000 a year.
The Hudson Square property is one of 18 parcels that Trinity Church owns in lower Manhattan.
However, Secretary of State Alexander M. Haig Jr. called them ''phony and superficial'' and said they were designed to weaken the alliance's response.
Flop orsmash, Mr. Gottlieb continues to defend his p lays, arguing that they are meaningful to him and to the audience, if not always to the critics.
Could it be 1975 all over again?
''That is the last great luxury car,'' he said.
If any track and field record was deemed impregnable, it was Beamon's prodigious jump, which for years stunned even the man who did it.
But that changed last year when the Federal Communications Commission decided to allow the major international carriers to offer similar services in the United States.
That effort, of course, was less successful.
CITY gardeners sometimes forget that when summer flowers vanish, terraces or yards can be dreary and gray under winter skies.
''I'd rather be rookie of the year than the least valuable player,'' Mr. Bush once responded.
Finally, several of President Reagan's budget cuts promise to hamper the fight against lead poisoning.
There are a few normals walking around with very large ventricles and cortical atrophy,'' Dr. Weinberger said.
Contractual Relationship Co-publishing arrangements differ from publisher to publisher, but most involve a contractual relationship whereby co-publishers sign up writers and edit their books in return for a percentage of the book's income.
The Islanders were clumsy and inept in the first period.
Texas stopped the next Arkansas drive when the linebacker Ty Allert recovered Anderson's fumble at the 32.
During the search, a worried Mrs. Thatcher dispatched her husband, Denis, to Algeria.
He said he felt it would not be worthwhile to negotiate for a two percentage point difference.
Do not let boil or the sauce may curdle.
Once the idea blossomed, and ''heartened by the new more liberal Government attitudes,'' it took him about five weeks to locate Mr. Jacobs in the Customs headquarters in Washington.
There would be no way to exaggerate the importance of Claude to the English imagination at that time.
In 1980, Israel declared that all Jerusalem, including the Arab eastern sector captured in the 1967 Middle East war, was its capital.
The public perception now is that the economy will never get moving again unless we act to bring down Federal deficits, interest rates and unemployment.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 9.83 points, to 893.30.
On Sunday, Rusty Staub pinch-hit a bases-empty homer with two out in the last of the ninth to beat the San Francisco Giants, 6-5.
''You build a comfortable home and nice yard, and then it's gone.
I recall that during the pre-Broadway stay in Washington the cast was invited to perform at the Carter White House for the Governors' Ball.
''It was a straight fly pattern,'' Walker said.
Thinking of how pleased my parents had been when I told them that I wanted to be a chef, I naturally couldn't resist.
Instead, it was to plan a course of action.
A Federal District Court later ruled that the I.R.S.
The Port Chester Council for the Arts and the Port Chester Women's Club, co-sponsors of the event with the local chambers of commerce, have acquired the work of more than 120 artists from Westchester and Fairfield Counties, New York City and New Jersey.
''I'll say this,'' said Dr. Jean Marc Vaillant, the noted orthopedic surgeon who repaired the young jockey's broken foot last Saturday evening.
The Appeal of Apparel If the debut of spring means little for Detroit, it could be good for Seventh Avenue.
L.L., Hartsdale, N.Y. Answer:According to officials of the State Banking Department, a financial institution can legally attach a 5 percent prepayment penalty clause to a mortgage agreement for only the first year; no such penalty can be applied beyond the first year of the mortgage.
Which then made me wonder how often these things happen.''
When Mr. Casey of the motor club arrived, people applauded.
Ardent History The Ardent, built by Yarrow Shipbuilders Ltd., was launched at Glasgow on May 9, 1975, and commissioned on Oct. 13, 1977.
One item of surf fishing equipment I always carry with me is a little oak billy club with which I stun the beached blues before trying to remove lures.
Democrats outnumber Republicans, 34 percent to 22.
''Happy as Larry,'' which Burgess Meredith both starred in and directed, closed after three performances at the Coronet in January 1950.
Easco made an offer to pay $16 for each of 1 million shares, which Evans rejected.
Sexist imagery persists in so-called traditional styles, in revivals, even in antiques, from Stickley to Louis XIV to 1950's revival.
But major Latin nations appeared to draw the line there.
TO THE LIVING SECTION: The attempt of Chinese restaurants to lower the sodium intake of their customers was described in ''Low Sodium Chinese'' (Nov. 24).
But in fact ''revolution'' is also commonly used in this latter sense, as when we say that a drive shaft turns at so many revolutions a minute.
The booklet is detailed, but its language is simple and racy and there is a minimum of legalese.
Since the Right to Life movement has been frustrated by politicians for many years, we can understand why the proabortionists would call a press conference.
This afternoon, trade union leaders met company executives to discuss their options.
Some defense analysts consider Mr. Schell's arguments superficial, unrealistic and, in their contention that nuclear war might extinguish every last human being on earth, just plain wrong.
The prospects of reopening the plant were further clouded when Wheelabrator-Frye announced that it would not resume any freight car production here until later in the year at the earliest and that it was proceeding with plans to dispose of all but 50 percent of its holdings in a reorganized Pullman company.
(Mr. Siken himself has contributed to the show a monument to Terry Fox, the late Canadian athlete who ran one-legged across Canada to raise money for cancer research.
Top officials at Checker did not return repeated telephone calls.
The ministry described the action as ''a raid, not an invasion.''
The Governor of North Carolina, James B.
Mr. Gilman was treasurer of the Phoenix Theater and a trustee of the Collegiate School.
This is basically a rush-hour service.
Rogers, fewer people would have died.
Americans who are prone to prescribe to others how they should conduct their affairs would enjoy greater credibility if they were sufficiently humble to remember the beam and the mote.''
He talked of how his brother, Harold, had weeped over his loss, how he had received applause in restaurants and how an employee in one restaurant had kissed his hand and said, ''Mayor, I voted for you.
It gave the first-place Royals a two-game lead over the California Angels in the American League West.
New Jersey Hunterdon County: MacFarland's Farm, Asbury (201) 735-5916; Pick-Your-Own, Pittstown (201) 735-5878.
The New York banks had predicted that as many as 5,000 jobs would be created over time.
On Jan. 11 or 12, the convention will vote on whether to add a special contest, to benefit the National Football Hall of Fame near Cincinnati, before the regular season.
Paxson scored 17 points, 16 in the second period.
The free safety reads the whole picture.
Local fire officials have warned that the use of untreated roofing materials could increase potential fire hazards and help spread devastating fires.
During 1982, there were 16 upstate judges working in the city, but earlier plans had called for a reduction to eight.
Pik Up second ad sub Giants Missed Kick Hurt ''The missed field goal hurt our momentum,'' said Brunner.
Wayside Plants It was one of those sultry hot days.
In these locations you may need a block or pad against the outside of the elbow to keep it from banging against a nearby beam, pipe or other structural member when flowing water causes the pipe to vibrate or move at times.
is quite aware that it is one's enemy that one makes peace with, which presupposes the recognition of the existence of such an enemy,'' he said.
Memorial tribute is paid to the late, ill-fated Penn Station across town.
Mr. Hefner was granted immunity from prosecution for his grand jury testimony.
Wilander, suffering from a cold, kept his poise after an embarrassing first set, and turned the match to his favor by winning the second-set tiebreaker, 8 points to 6.
Garcia Batting .318 Before leaving the game in the seventh after George Frazier hit him with a pitch on the left hand, Garcia stroked three singles, raising his batting average to .318 and his major league-leading hit total to 171.
Mrs. Wiskowski, who was appointed division director by Gov.
The four plaintiffs of record are described in court papers as a woman who lives in Grand Central Terminal, another who sleeps in a plastic chair at a city-financed ''drop-in center'' and two who stay at a city shelter in the Bushwick section of Brooklyn.
It's complete with all the features of the genre.
Interviews with officials and reporters produced the following glossary: ''Off the record'' usually means that none of the information may be used in any way nor may the remarks be published, even in a form that conceals the source.
''I'm content within my soul, because I know I'll never second-guess myself for my decision.
A screenwriter and director are to be selected, but if all goes as planned, filming will start next year, according to Mr. Martin.
Mr. and Mrs. William Frederick Hahn Jr. of Garden City and Centerport, L.I., have made known the engagement of their daughter, Danelle Dorothy Hahn, to Bernd Rudiger Kensbock, son of Mr. and Mrs. Bruno Kensbock of Nuremberg, West Germany.
* Carol Hallett, the Republican leader of the Assembly, who was nominated for Lieutenant Governor, quickly attacked the Democratic nominee, former Speaker Leo McCarthy, as ''a liberal in support of criminals.''
I was told that some 10,000 people visit the temple daily, perhaps four times as many on festival days, which occur in autumn.
This is a pleasant book to hold in the hand and browse through.
It is the American manager's fear of being stalked by other, equally fearful managers that leads to his obsession with quarterly earnings per share -to the exclusion of almost all else.
The new assignment is for two unnamed products in the ''human foods area.''
Paterno was an assistant coach for Penn State.
Mr. Goldin responded by calling the Mayor arrogant and accused him of playing politics with municipal issues during the gubernatorial campaign.
For Entertainment Events, see page 13.
How about students and their families.
Mr. Sprague and the Stouffer account had both been at Ketchum, Mac-Leod & Grove in Pittsburgh, an agency that won a $350,000 breach-ofcontract suit against Stouffer after the two parted.
Industry spokesmen have told him the change would create new jobs, the Governor said, ''because they know my emphasis on finding new jobs for the state.''
A Request From Gulf Lawyers for Gulf suggested to Judge Richey that he shorten the period of the restraining order, allowing it to expire at 4:30 P.M. Friday.
Michael Langenstein, a young collagist, isn't exactly average either.
''Solitaire,'' which is subtitled ''A Man Alone in Thought,'' ranges in silence about the kinds of movement and gesture that an invisible observer might expect from a person stuck alone in an elevator, as the program suggests, after the initial reaction of fear and calls for help.
They sift through a pile of nocomments, misinformation, half-truths and outright lies that accumulate every 24 hours.
As for many modernist artists, the need to preserve something in the past led Mr. Kelly to an art that was new.
They are right behind a lone male robber who has taken $28,000 in 16 bank robberies over the last six months.
It is this financial benefit to the individual that tripped up the ordination-by-mail industry, Mr. Batdorf said.
Others, such as military experts at the State Department and some C.I.A.
Unfortunately, Scoville's proposal for reform heads in precisely the wrong direction.
Mr. Sardi said that he thought it was ''only fair that there be some kind of regulation of gratuities.''
Ventura is intended to be a stock boat - as opposed to a one-of-akind, like Infinity or Kialoa.
His previous marriage ended in divorce.
By the end of its third year the program is expected to have granted a minimum of 7,000 certificates.
A slight variation in power may have caused a frequency change in his burglar alarm, triggering the receiver's ultrasonic remote control.
If this means a reordering of priorities within the Administration, putting East-West issues, the Middle East or European-American relations ahead of the simmering Caribbean-Central American problems, that is sound.
Gulf Canada is a subsidiary of the Gulf Oil Corporation.
It is also a function of the quality of movement: ''I believe in the muscles between the joints.
Mrs. Malcolm Thomson of Greenwich, Conn., and Robert Parker of Kiamesha Lake, N.Y., have announced the engagement of their daughter, Jean Rachel Parker, to Barton Hill Levine, son of Mr. and Mrs. Allan Levine of New York.
He has been writing mysteries featuring Ambrose Usher since the mid-1950's, and the current one is MURDER IN PARADISE (Walker, $11.95).
Sales tax collections fell sharply because of reduced business activity.
I know what we have to do.
Eric Brunson, a fullback, gained 80 yards on 14 carries.
The tax would produce $5.5 billion annually that would be used to repair highways and bridges and assist mass transit systems.
Several of the 21 songs have been shortened or revised.
The police also sealed off a memorial to workers shot during rioting in 1970 and charged into groups trying to approach the site.
A Texaco oil rig was drilling in the lake when it struck an abandoned Diamond Crystal salt-mine shaft 1,300 feet down.
Mr. Pownall said that Mr. Agee did offer to negotiate a settlement on the day he raised Bendix's bid to $48 a share.
With productivity in decline, today more than ever we must increase our basic research efforts, for it is the impetus of such research that often brings a commercialization of new technology to fruition.
''I was very elated and thrilled.
He said the proposal was the most responsible program he could devise to meet the needs of the state and of its residents.
Instead of a projected productivity increase of 3 percent, the agency realized a 4.1 percent gain, he said.
Two improving stretch-runners will also probably receive more support than the morning line indicates.
''Playing every Sunday gives us a chance to continue lacrosse,'' Miss Sinnreich said.
Diplomatic reports reaching this West African capital indicate that previous resistance from some military units to the Rawlings takeover now appears to have been overcome.
Ted Bates U.S.A. also has a time bank, and its president, Robert A. Bruns, having heard about Thompson's move, said, ''We have no intention of getting out of this time bank.''
Does the Administration h ave different principlesfor white- and black-ruled countries in Afric a?
''Fare increases are the most likely'' result, the budget said.
The bill came to about $12.
Statistics indicate that 20 years ago, a student who scored in the 40th percentile of his high school class could be expected to score in the bottom 10th of his class in Harvard.
''It looks to be that from the draft we're not going to afford the top end and we probably won't want the bottom end.''
Lower Increases Expected However, landlord groups criticized the report for its ''inaccurate and faulty methodology.''
How awesome they were - and how boring too!
No longer are they playing for home-ice advantage; divisions and conferences will alternate that advantage.
Did he think of himself as I thought of him, as the man who had cut out of town and headed down the river?
The greatest number are priced at about $60 now.
At a first meeting between an architect and a prospective client, everyone is one his best behavior; everyone - including the client - wants to be a good guy.
''I didn't have a way out here,'' said Lecher, a Wisconsin state employee, who was recently laid off.
''An oil furnace doesn't do that.
Not only are the saloon and galley spacious, but the engine room has 6-foot head room.
Mr. O'Leary is an institutional equity salesman with the Morgan Stanley Company Inc. in New York.
Critics assert that rather than judge candidates on their merits, the panel functions more as a mini-political convention, filled with horsetrading.
tarragon, chervil, basil, rosemary or green peppercorns) can be added along with the cream; and/or a few peeled, seeded and chopped fresh tomatoes can be put in as the wine begins to disappear.
A drop in domestic income and increased investment tax credits increased the company's net by cutting its tax rate to 12 percent from the 30.7 percent it paid in the first quarter of 1981.
Purse - $266,200 with 11 starters.
In November, there is ''shichi-gosan,'' which means seven-five-three, to honor children seven, five and three years old.
But those changes affected the petitioning process, not the preservation of the ballot line.
Classes for about 10,500 students resumed.
The coin can be turned over to check the other side.
The mass of black pieces in the vicinity of the white king looked menacing, but De Firmian's defense with 22 NxB, PxN; 23 N-K6!
When it is apparent that candidates of Islamic fidelity, honesty and competence are available, he says, the process will be extended to the top national offices.
Susan Hannen was superb in ''Longing,'' to Debussy, in which an arm reaching out and a self-embrace reflected the truth of loneliness.
(Perhaps we're better off with Kafka's own words; anyone who can refer to the ''life style'' of this pathetic, dignified figure can hardly be trusted to illuminate his character.)
Mr. Mikhalkov-Konchalovsky is not a boring director, but he's also not a terribly subtle one.
Congress could say no survivable basing plan, no new land-based missile.
The nation is staggering under economic problems that include trying to refinance some $8 billion in foreign debts due this year.
And the notice of Mr. Mailer's ''The Executioner's Song'' seems timid.
Mr. Baker also said he had just seen a Weicker television commercial with the Senator's campaign slogan, ''Nobody's man but yours.''
Mr. Anderson, a Republican from Binghamton, said that fiscal aides in the Assembly, the Senate and Governor's office would meet Wednesday to ''determine if there is enough common ground'' to bring the Legislature back to Albany.
Lawyers for two of the codefendants, Andrew G, Massa and Thomas G. O'Malley, also moved to sever the trial of their clients from that of Mr. Williams, Mr. Dorfman and Mr. Lombardo - motions that Judge Marshall had denied earlier when Mr. Dorfman and Mr. Lombardo were indicted here in a separate extortion case.
Miss Gill, daughter also of the late James W. Gill of Glencoe, Ill., is a graphic designer with the Associated Merchandising Corporation in New York.
The snow lies deep and fresh in the gentle valleys and hollows between the shadowed ridgelines here, so that when game animals move in the woods, they leave clear tracks for the hunter's eye.
What other pianist could have passed his hands over the ''Reminiscences de Don Juan'' and brought Liszt's awesome technical problems so completely under his sway?
And one of the most stunning scenes in the book occurs when the upper class sets out with champagne buckets, picnic hampers and parasols to watch a Civil War battle.
Most of the pictures have not been seen before.
After a while, one doesn't really care what happens to this family of five who had problems when they moved in and whom we never do get to know very well.
''Without exception, there is a common feeling of frustration that there is not a lot we can do for our own kids right now,'' said Mr. L'Hommedieu of his own and other parents' involvement.
Actually, it was not until 1974 that the food stamp program went nationwide.
* Citicorp said an average rate of 11.485 percent was set at the weekly auction of its 91-day commercial paper, down from 12.22 percent at last week's auction.
Three other Edmonton players - all 21 or younger - were among 12 players chosen along with Gretzky in balloting by a group of 33 sportswriters.
Residents sitting on balconies could see the Israeli planes fly in from north to south, out of the range of the P.L.O.
The numbers represented 2 percent of all deaths of women in that age group in 1975, 4 percent in 1965, and 6 percent in 1955.
A. Richard Smith, a Lutheran minister, performed the ceremony at Big Creek, the plantation home maintained by the bride and her family near Clarksdale, Miss.
Prosecutors said the indictments were part of an investigation of organized-crime activities in the market that has resulted in 23 convictions.
The Mets followed by nibbling out two runs in the third.
The top rate for new six-month certificates is 12.19 percent for thrift institutions and banks.
Miss Kiyomura of the United States had problems with 35-year-old Betty Stove of the Netherlands before emerging with a 7-6, 2-6, 6-3 victory, and Miss Fairbank, a South African, ousted Jo Durie of Britain, 6-1, 6-3.
After his conviction, they were content to await motions for acquittal.
''Whenever the chain hit the pipe, we knew he was on the way down.
He was 81 years old.
John Mueller, director of the University of Rochester Dance Film Archive, showed films of Mr. Massine's ''Symphonie Fantastique'' and ''Seventh Symphony'' and lectured on another great dancer, Fred Astaire.
During the month of May, the team won three games and lost 26.
At present, the state maintains seven miles of hiking trails and a few overnight camping sites on the island, which has a wide variety of trees and plants as well as limestone bedrock deposits with wellpreserved marine fossils.
Eventually depicting a literal trial, it was also trying because of the irksome way in which Mr. Gordon kept deflating whatever he at first seemed to be establishing.
But he has shown no similar enthusiasm for any public works job plan.
Carnesecca had coached against Lew Alcindor, now Kareem-Abdul Jabbar, when St. John's played U.C.L.A.
If the Russians earn hard currency from their pipeline, won't they merely use those sums to pay for grain from the United States?
Mary Louise Smith of Iowa, former chairman of the Republican National Committee, was confirmed today by the Senate to be a member of the United States Civil Rights Commission, succeeding Stephen Horn.
Her drops and slices forced Miss Jaeger to the net, leaving her vulnerable to passing shots or lobs.
The Sammy Lane excursion guarantees an attack by river pirates on every cruise as well as an account of the history of the river from the ancient culture of the Bluff Dwellers to the hydro-electric dams that created the three-lake area.
That leaves plenty of room for an operating officer.
''It hit everywhere and just about everything - citrus, vegetables, sugar cane, some of the ferns.''
''I'm glad they're doing it,'' he said.
Senator Hart is also proposing an ''economic strategy for the 80's.''
Hegarty, a 21-year-old junior, is a miniature in the king-sized world of hammer throwers.
Lendl defeated Gerulaitis, 4-6, 7-5, 6-2, Wednesday night in roundrobin play in the event that brought together the eight players with the best records in the yearlong Grand Prix.
.0-0!, completing mobilization for an overwhelming attack.
The fact is, that the distribution of wealth and income in the United States has changed almost not at all in the last 30 to 35 years.
ROBERT W. VENABLES, Curator of American Indian History Museum of the American Indian, New York, Aug. 26, 1982
After several weeks of training Libyan forces in commando tactics, Thompson says he decided he could not adjust to working in Libya's terrorist organization.
Happily, Sunday night found her back in form, offering a credible portrayal of Verdi's tragic courtesan.
She will do all of this, along with yodeling and a little tap dancing, tonight and tomorrow at the Orrie de Nooyer Auditorium in Hackensack, N.J., where she will share a program in the ''40's in the 80's'' series with Bob Crosby and his Bob Cats, a group that will include five veterans of the original Crosby band of the 30's -Billy Butterfield and Yank Lawson on trumpet, Eddie Miller on tenor saxophone, Nappy Lamare on guitar and Bob Haggart on bass.
All you need, aside from money, is a Western passport and a willingness to observe scrupulously certain explicit rules.
A powerful car bomb tore through a crowded street in central Paris at rush hour this morning, killing a young woman and injuring 46 people.
she laughed and cried at the same time.
Mr. Reagan imposed modest sanctions against Warsaw and Moscow but threatened more if the suppression continued.
Farther up Main Street, Tom Janidas, who owns a men's clothing store, a pancake house, a tavern and a motel in the Weirton area, considered the effects of a plant closing.
Roland and Casio are among a dozen or so major synthesizer manufacturers, along with Moog, Oberheim, Sequential Circuits and Yamaha.
Emily Louise Wachtel, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. H. Richard Wachtel of Ossining, N.Y., and Hampton Bays, L.I., was married yesteday to Howard Mark Gill, son of Mr. and Mrs. Arnold Gill of Brooklyn.
Running: White Plains Distance Classic, 7 miles, 11 A.M. Soccer: Cosmos vs. Japanese national team, at Chuo Stadium, Kobe Japan.
''Everybody was in good condition,'' said Barry Cooper, the chief ranger at Haleakala National Park on the island of Maui.
He now could face up to 29 years in prison if convicted of violating his probation by being in possession of cocaine following his release.
I was enormously affected by Fonteyn, who was the kind of dancer who actually showed you the choreography, so clearly, without flashiness or show.''
Confirming this, the Office of Territorial Affairs at the Department of the Interior said that Palau's constitutional weapons prohibition could be set aside by a vote of three-fourths of the inhabitants.
''The only way to cure our problems is to get the economy moving again,'' he said, ''and one of the best ways to stimulate the economy is to give the American worker a tax break and cut his and her tax rates.''
He became governor in 1978 by challenging the military regime's own candidate, a move that was viewed at the time as foolish and doomed.
While fire insurance remains in effect no matter who occupies a dwelling, homeowner's liability policies frequently do not cover damage caused by renters.
Now Mont, 59 years old, thinks about the concept of middle-aged coaches dealing with 18-year-old athletes and the impact those coaches have on the futures of the teen-agers.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
In the diagramed deal from the semifinals, Nisar Ahmed of Pakistan helped his team defeat Argentina by making a shaky game contract.
However, environmental groups and other critics, including Gov.
This time the coil moves while the magnet remains still.
One worker could operate at least two machines, he says.
A convoy of police cars and Secret Service officers then escorted Mrs. Gandhi, her son and daughter-in-law, Rajiv and Sonia Gandhi, to ''Amadeus,'' the Broadway play at the Broadhurst Theater on 44th Street.
When I take my breaks, I study.''
We could not imagine the Houses of Parliament in London without the statue of Richard Lion-Heart by Baron Marochetti.
Murray L. Weidenbaum, the chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, hinted today that he was having second thoughts about the three-year tax cut enacted last year and that he may be moving toward endorsement of a delay in the scheduled mid-1983 tax cut, a delay that President Reagan has opposed.
He was an officer in the Army during World War II.
Mr. Richards said the party's polls showed it had greater allegiance from blacks, Hispanic Americans, women, young people and union members than usual.
Judging from a private viewing of them last week, Mr. Ellis seems to have a success on his hands.
And adroit mill owners, they argue, should have stopped buying timber when contracts climbed above $275.
''The insurance industry has gotten rid of file clerks and replaced them with programmers and systems analysts,'' said Mrs. Wingate, commenting on the advance of the computer.
Administered by the Episcopal Church but open to all denominations, it has become a true national church.
He retired after one term to undergo treatment for alcoholism and is trying now as a Republican to defeat his Democratic successor, Representative Bill Patman.
''A lot of people don't understand what a Libertarian is,'' says Stanley S. Thompson, the mayor of Kenai Borough.
Forgetting Rio for the moment, let's just talk about the tropical beaches along the northeast coast between Belem and Recife.
Later, the work received wide attention throughout central Europe.
The link is in the Elmsford and Valhalla area, which its promoters are calling the ''Golden Triangle.''
Some mistake the Prisco home for some kind of store.
Adrian Boshier moved to the Transvaal when he was still in his teens and quickly educated himself in bushcraft.
Fire swept through a frame dwelling in the Bushwick section of Brooklyn, killing a 7-year-old girl and critically injuring a 4-yearold boy, officials said.
''Sometimes,'' said Pete Redfern, a pitcher who has been with the team for four seasons, ''I look around the clubhouse at all the new faces and I feel as if I've been traded.''
A house fire spread out of control here early today as open fire hydrants, their water gushing into the streets, caused a drop in district water pressure, according to the city's Fire Director.
CHICAGO THE night of Oct. 30, the night the Bulls played their home opener against Washington, was particularly cold in Chicago.
The one-year bill was at 8.72 percent, down 72 basis points in yield.
Her parents, Sylvia and Jacob Wasserman, were there and so were her two children; her daughter, Nancy, a lawyer, and her son, Charles, a law student.
Patrick J. Mulhern, Citicorp senior vice president and general counsel, said the ruling would clear the way for the holding company, parent of the nation's second-largest bank, to offer such new services as banking at home on computer terminals and electronic publishing of financial and economic data, which Citishare's customers would be able to read on computer terminals.
That is the issue - ripeness - that Justice Department lawyers are now particularly studying.
A Swinging Version Saint Laurent, who has his own knack of playing with popular themes, does a one-button mannish jacket in caramel-colored leather and adds a darker brown skirt for a swinging version of this style.
Voters in Alberta today elected the first separatist to public office in western Canada.
'Toward His Goal' Mr. Wussler responded: ''Ted's game plan may change every day, yet it continues directly straight toward his goal.
Add broth and wine and bring to boil.
Used at small forward, point guard and shooting guard, he became the first since Dave Cowens of the 1977-78 Boston Celtics to lead his team in average points (19.8), rebounds (6.7) and assists ( 4.8).
Many Palestinians Emigrate As a result, Palestinian residents near settlements tend to feel vulnerable.
The theoretical errors do not take into account a margin of additional error resulting from the various practical difficulties in taking any survey of public opinion.
* A number of editors with a special feel for what readers will like - Harlequin's Vivian Stephens, Silhouette's Karen Solem and Bantam's Carolyn Nichols among them - are scouring the country for promising new talent.
Membership Drops Sharply Party membership has also dropped precipitously.
Cars and trucks were decorated with banners, stickers and balloons, horns blaring in rhythm, turning the streets of Bogota into a carnival of noise and color.
Mrs. Greenwald, who minces no words in rebutting her critics, insists the bank is in business to provide financial services to coops ''that have got their act together.
The Canadian and American authorities have agreed to exchange transcripts of their hearings.
We might import a Russian popular song.
He warned that we would prepare further measures, if necessary.
And the Administration has endorsed that goal.
The car rental business is not simply a matter of renting cars: ''They are in the business of borrowing money and selling used cars and in the meantime they rent them to you,'' said James I. Magid, an in-dustry analyst with L.F. Rothschild, Unterberg, Towbin.
The Jets' 37-0 victory was the most lopsided shutout decision in the club's history.
This overly long book is the journal of the first half of that odyssey, from Piraeus, Greece, to Canton, China.
Mr. Carey blamed the national recession for the state's fiscal problems.
P ickerel do not do much roaming for food and would rather lie in wait for it to pass by.
Probably a larger problem, from the standpoint of waste, is leaky sewers, in which ground water flows into the pipes, adds to the volume of sewage and greatly increases the cost of treatment.
* STATEN ISLAND FAMILY SERVICE, 88 New Dorp Plaza, Staten Island, N.Y. 10306.
Sales were $1.09 billion, against $954.97 million.
So it will be this year, when local church and peace groups stage a ''Peace and Justice Revival'' around what the Air Force Association is calling ''Aerospace Development Briefings and Equipment Displays.''
Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, Democrat of New York, had blocked the measure in the past, partly on behalf of New York art dealers concerned that United States enforcement of the Unesco convention would mean that they would lose all their business to the countries that did not enforce it.
The shopping has been a bonanza for merchants, though not for those businessmen dependent on imports from Lebanon.
The hotel president, Hideki Yokoi, told reporters a new sprinkler system was being installed, but the work had not been completed.
The main argument advanced by former President Valery Giscard d'Estaing, who a few weeks ago made his first television appearance since his defeat , and his former Prime Minister, Raymond Barre, is that the Socialists have already admitted failure by turning away from their program of creating consumption through spending, and adopting wage and price controls instead.
A Year of Speeches ''More of the same,'' Mr. Caputo said the other day in assessing his task.
The number of commuters from a region extending to New Haven, Danbury and New York City nearly tripled between 1970 and 1980, according to the Southwest Regional Planning Association.
Le Chiberta, a good moderately priced restaurant, offers three- and four-course dinners with wine for about $20 to $25 for two.
SOMETHING unusual usually happens to Beethoven when his music is played outdoors.
They constitute over 60 percent of Israel's Jewish population (over 50 percent of all Jews in Israel were born there).
He points out that something should be done before this ruling goes into effect with the new parliament that is to come out of general elections set for October 1983.
Some pitchers I know, and others I don't, but I'm learning to adjust.''
When attendance for the opening four days at Saratoga Race Track this month was higher than ever before, track officials giddily forecasted runaway records for the meeting.
The Iranian agency said that both Mr. Velayati and Hojatolislam Ali Khamenei, the Iranian President, had reiterated to the mission Iran's oft-repeated terms for ending the two-year-old war.
Bear and snake find their way onto menus, and among seafoods, the hairy crab abounds.
There were no assurances from the White House, however, that the $5.5 billion measure would not be vetoed as inflationary, as its two predecessors were.
Marino was so unsuccessful in the second half that even a punt he attempted was a calamity, sailing high in the air and going for minus 3 yards.
Eight retired men, ranging in age from 63 to 70, were found guilty today of violating Florida's gambling law by playing nickle-and-dime poker at their mobile home village in nearby Largo.
Merrill Lynch even raised the specter of legal action unless its rivals pay up, but that threat was greeted skeptically on Wall Street.
The company, managed after his death by his widow, then by his son and finally by his granddaughter, is a victim of rising costs, old-fashioned stagecraft and, its members believe, artistic snobbery on the part of the bureaucrats who hand out government subsidies.
Mrs. Baxter-Birney is wonderfully attractive as the wife, making her the kind of woman well worth fighting for, but the film's key performance is delivered by Mr. Urich.
But consensus notwithstanding, critics right and left are rushing to launch torpedoes, notably because they are offended by the bill's key provision: employer sanctions.
When tryptophan is given or when foods are eaten that raise the blood levels of tryptophan, serotonin levels in the brain increase.
As an example of what he said was unfair reporting, he cited the work of one Western journalist who for 12 days began each day's dispatch with the same description of the long food lines in Warsaw.
General At least $70 million 1980 Creation of department Hospital (Harvard over 10 years of molecular biology Medical School to conduct affiliate) biotechnology research Exxon M.I.T.
Late last year, as unemployment surpassed 8 percent, polls began to show more people concerned with unemployment than inflation, a mood that Democrats can normally exploit.
Today the Marche aux Puces stretches for about a mile and a half, and its 3,000 canny traders have an annual turnover of $10 million.
Next to the marks were descriptions of the damage that would be inflicted at that point if a nuclear missile were to fall nearby.
Failing more sweeping solutions, strategic penny-pinching can also be effective, as indicated by the case of ''Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat'' - currently being promoted as ''the biggest musical hit, with the lowest prices in town!''
Miss Buntz has been choreographing for only two years, too brief a time, perhaps, to develop a point of view.
The best of these choreographers in Europe also work on a strong formalist base.
Yet despite the concern, relatively little has been done to bring such costs under control.
* Clevepak Corporation, White Plains, announced that Alexander W. Turnbull had joined the company as vice president-finance, and Edwin W. Barr had joined the company as vice president/ director of human resources; D.C. Abbott Jr. has been appointed group executive of the new specialty packaging group.
Shingles occurs in a third of young children whose mothers had chicken pox in the last weeks of pregnancy.
The uniformed desk staff is extremely hospitable and gracious.
The metal later rose $3 in Zurich to $316.50 an ounce and gained $1.50 in London to $316.
The mule's owner worked off his aggressions by beating up Bilbo in the middle of Main Street.
BEASTIE: Someone physically, socially or psychically unacceptable.
Without that kind of linkage, there is no policy, only tacks and tics.
While suffering under it, we took an almost demented delight in our thralldom to the U.P.
Tulipes (Free-form dessert cups) 6 tablespoons butter, plus butter for brushing the baking sheet 1/4 cup sugar 1/2 cup sifted flour 1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract 2 egg whites.
The mountain itself has 1,400 acres of mostly open terrain, forgiving slopes that make a skier feel as though his skills had miraculously sharpened.
I doubt even Lenin suspected that we'd also lend them the money to buy the rope.
The bride, a management supervisor for the William B.
Pork bellies were the most notable exception of the day, falling their 2-cent limit in contracts for delivery through most of the summer.
Cans of sardines, truffles and foie gras have very difficult corners and most openers have difficulty getting around them.
Cardinals 23, Falcons 20 ATLANTA (AP) - Ottis Anderson turned in a 122-yard rushing performance, including a 20-yard scoring run, as St. Louis won in heavy rain.
A shadow is much more than something that isn't there.
At the time Miss Ariel, then 19 years old, became involved with ''Piaf,'' her passion was theater.
It was a parable of the conflict that in recent times has troubled the chaplaincy itself.
Occasionally, Mr. Gumley said, plans may be turned down.
The strong wind fanned the flames -enormous flames - and as the fuel tanks exploded the ship was half enveloped in black, thick smoke, but the Royal Navy Sea King and Wessex pilots and their crews ignored the flames.
It touched off widespread public outrage and an unsuccessful police search for the youth.
Believes in Both Roles But Mr. Moynihan, who along with a flair for ornate speech brought to the Senate a background of service to four Presidents, two tenures as an American ambassador and a Harvard professorship, believes both roles can be played effectively.
Pollutioncontrol tax-exempts backed by private utilities may now offer optional calls in five years.
The only problem was how to get the Queen inside without everyone downstairs knowing she was on the premises - something the security staff felt was important.
But when you feel you're right, somehow God gives you the strength to convince.''
New Jersey already has a capital plan in place which allows it to establish an order of priorities for addressing its capital needs and to coordinate capital construction and repair with responsible debt management.
Lebanese leaders, who described the Palestine Liberation Organization as having operated its own government in the south, have since said that they are not in favor of rebuilding the camps.
The bill would be the most significant change in patent law in 30 years, according to people familiar with the field, and it represents the first time since the 1800's that Congress has seriously considered patent extension.
The weekly money supply had its ups and downs.
Political analysts said she was particularly stung by talk of a ''conscience vote'' because that was the very method she had used to defeat a party nominee not to her liking in the 1969 presidential election.
The area around the warehouse has been christened Bubble City, from another comic strip about an all-computerized underwater city enclosed in glass.
He declined to say how much.
Before joining Chase, she worked for a year for a law firm in Mexico City called Creel Abogados.
That is the basic disagreement upon which attempts to give a measure of self-rule to the province have been foundering since the early 1970's.
Markets The nation's basic money supply fell $400 million in the week ended March 10, the Federal Reserve Board reported.
They also argue that British business has become more competitive because of the huge layoffs of the last few years.
On Saturday, Mr. Feld will present his 36th premiere.
The remainder of the approximately 550 uncommitted delegates will be picked by state parties.
An Adviser to Beame Mr. Rubenstein said that he understood his hiring might raise questions at a time of ''budget crisis'' and that he had been ''very cautious not to overcharge.''
With the victory, the Cavaliers moved into Sunday's title game against North Carolina, which beat North Carolina State, 58-46, in the first semifinal game before 16,034 in the Greensboro Coliseum.
Too Late For Acreage Reduction Secretary Block, who is scheduled to testify before the House committee on Wednesday, said recently that he would fight the ''farm crisis'' bill without qualifications.
Asked at a news conference about the Argentine account, a ministry spokesman, Ian McDonald, said, ''I refer you to 'Hamlet,' Act 3, Scene 4, lines 53 and 54.''
If there is a substantial reduction in money sent home by Mexican workers in the United States, Mr. Gavin said, the standard of living in some agricultural regions of Mexico could ''plummet to belowsubsistence levels.''
''Die Feen'' boasts two strong women's roles, the other being the prince's warrior-sister Lora.
The suits already filed seek more than $1 billion in compensatory damages and $500 million in punitive damages.
The museum is at 1 East 53d Street and is open Tuesdays through Saturdays, from noon to 5 P.M.
Rice With Noodles 18 strands thin spaghetti such as capellini, spaghettini or vermicelli 1 tablespoon corn, peanut or vegetable oil 1 tablespoon butter 1 cup uncooked rice 2 cups fresh or canned chicken broth Salt to taste, if desired Freshly ground pepper to taste.
Clifford Robert Olson, a 42-year-old construction worker who pleaded guilty Thursday to the murder of 11 children in the Vancouver area, was paid $100,000 by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police for revealing the graves of some of his victims.
This is not the time for throwing up barriers to enactment of this vitally needed legislation; it is a time for rolling up our sleeves and working together to enable others to become productively employed citizens.
The sludge often contains mercury, cadmium, arsenic and other pollutants.
Vegetables need that much sun; otherwise they will not thrive.
Mr. O'Neill said he had explained that the President's plan was sidetracked because it would face certain defeat and lawmakers did not want to ''embarrass'' Mr. Reagan.
When Miss McCall crossed into East Germany in 1980, the authorities rented her a chartreuse car to drive around by herself for three days, during which she met other witnesses to the Bauhaus's heyday and inspected the functional theater Schlemmer used in the building.
There was nothing dishonorable about it, but there was nothing to write home about, either.
5 and 12 on a bill to require makers to ''rotate'' warnings, giving specific information about different diseases linked to smoking.
I was appalled by the article describing the regimen at Woodfield Cottage (''Facility for Boys to Be Examined,'' Aug. 1).
In addition, it has opened 100 new stores this year, remodeled 53 others and is in the process of acquiring the Dillon Companies of Hutchinson, Kan., in an exchange of stock valued at $700 million to $750 million.
The Gill was named by Olmsted and Vaux, using an honorable but unfamiliar word meaning ''small rivulet.''
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
A nd the result quickly proves to be a bewildering, almostunwatchable e xercise in self-indulgence.
He says he cannot afford to rent their theaters.
The Zum Schiff for example, was built in the 17th century in Ellikon on the Rhine.
To be sure check back with the place of purchase to inquire if the gift 'mum is a hardy variety.
''Nowadays,'' he added, ''if someone is going to counterfeit money, he or she has far more efficient and direct ways of doing the job than relying on Time's illustrations, all of which are distorted.''
His remark appeared intended to demonstrate China's professed new policy of nonalignment by returning to the familiar formula of pairing criticism of the Soviet Union and the United States.
For the young Lewis Mumford, the city was a kind of parent - he was, despite his proper and well mannered upbringing and illegitimate child who never knew his father, and he sees, looking back, how the city filled much of a father's role.
officials to fear that the Reagan Administration may try to foist a hard-line monetarist replacement on this essentially Keynesian institution.
An arson incident at Kwangju in December 1980 in which part of another American Cultural Center was burned had shown anti-American feeling lingered there.
Temporary Budget Voted After Governor Carey's veto last week, the board of the Port Authority approved a temporary 120-day budget to keep the trains running until a long-range decision could be reached.
The Army and Navy are to work on a new turboprop engine that will be 20 percent more efficient.
Soon she will be publishing a sequel, ''The Beverly Hills Diet Lifetime Plan.''
B-After $358,000 special gain...C-Net income
New York City Most Affected The statute sets bidding procedures for some state agencies and all municipalities and counties in the state.
Disputing this theory of executive privilege, the defense asserts that documents from the White House and Selective Service will show that Mr. Wayte, of Pasadena, was being selectively prosecuted by the Government.
Suspension of Aeroflot flights from the Soviet Union to the United States was one of the measures taken by President Reagan in response to repression in Poland.
Velella Defeated in Bronx In the Bronx, Guy J. Velella, a Republican, was defeated by John P. Dearie.
Bring to a boil, stirring.
Lex talionis in the nuclear era would seek to prevent the attack from escalating into a larger confrontation and to restore whatever equilibrium existed prior to the attack.
Lebanese Christian militiamen, also major foes of the guerrillas, are in control of areas to the north.
Yet renewal soon won't count for much if Congress permits continued shrinkage.
He was immediately suspended without pay for conduct unbecoming an officer.
Amin Gemayel, now head of the Phalangist Party since his brother's death, told a diplomat Saturday that some Phalangist soldiers were involved in the operation but were ordered out.
Mr. Torray said he sold the holdings because prices had moved up sharply in a short time.
The crowd of more than 46,000 sat stunned.
TAYE S. TOWNLEY Pittsburgh, Nov. 14, 1982
The police arrested nearly 100 members of a banned South African black nationalist organization today but said the move was not related to a South African commando raid on Lesotho last week, a Government spokesman said.
But if the country's efforts to generate new technology falter, the nation will not necessarily suffer.
He lived in Paris, had a series of love affairs, became friends with artists and writers.
Chase said it had already lost the branch and all the assets, and should not also have to pay the assets a second time to Vietnamese nationals.
Mr. Bales was chosen in December after the resignation of Chief B.K.
Some, such as Emory University's dental school in Atlanta, have already been forced to streamline their operations.
This particular tuner specification may become even more important if the Federal Communications Commission approves a proposed plan to shrink the minimum geographic separation between FM stations assigned to the same channel.
I am 86 years since May.''
The cross-over has particularly common in black music: Little Richard is only one especially ornate instance of a rock star who flip-flopped between worldly excess and flamboyant religious self-abnegation.
Miss Jackson's ire, however, is mingled with a certain wistfulness.
The benefactors' package of $5,000 consists of 10 tickets for a cocktail reception given in Mr. Eastwood's honor by Blanchette Rockefeller, president of the museum, at her apartment; 10 movie tickets and a table for 10 at a recherche supper-dance at the Pierre Hotel.
The polygraph is often erroneously called a lie detector.
Much more importantly, if she hadn't needed a thick sweatsuit in the raw blasts of a Boston spring, there might be no marathon for women in the 1984 Olympics.
New York's Commodity Exchange, where the metal is traded, said the previous record was set on March 2, 1979, when 18,887 contracts changed hands during a soaring market.
Schlock sells, and among the schlock films there are always a few other films of the unmistakable quality of ''E.T.,'' ''Poltergeist'' and ''An Officer and a Gentleman.''
undercover operation have not yet been found guilty in a court on charges of conspiring to steal computer technology.
Mr. Nott acknowledged that the Government had withheld the casualty figures from Tuesday's action in the hope of misleading the Argentines.
Admission: $5; box offices on Eighth Avenue, between 31st and 33d Streets.
He got Defense Minister Sharon of Israel on the tube, who said it wasn't so.
''We went from the game of the decade,'' says the guard Rick Carlisle, referring to Virginia's recent 68-63 victory over Georgetown, ''to the upset of the century.''
Who knows how many other Palestinian voices were silenced by P.L.O.
He brings to the negotiating table proposals by President Reagan for deep reductions in strategic, or intercontinental, nuclear weapons, not simply ''limitations'' putting a cap on the growth in weapon inventories that characterized previous treaties.
With the increase in the popularity of hypnotism in health care, psychology and the law, there have been legislative battles in many states over licensing or other restrictions of practitioners.
If the dining room can be considered excessive for anyone except Liberace, almost all of the 110 startlingly individual rooms with names like ''Time of Your Life,'' ''Daisey Mae,'' ''Old Fashioned Honeymoon,'' ''Whispering Hills'' and ''Barrel of Fun'' are wonderful.
All else is mere supporting hardware -missile or cannon or airplane, guidance system or re-entry shield or arming and fusing.
But when guerrillas infiltrated parts of this city early Monday and occupied them for half a day, almost everyone stayed behind doors.
First, the term ''industrial policy'' is being used to describe a variety of contradictory proposals; second, while the proposals are designed to set a course for the future, the name looks to the past; third, by focusing on the general goal of American prosperity, the proposals in effect embrace more than their rubric suggests - they really address the broad challenges of national competitive strategy in a global economy.
A few minutes later, Garvey said the union would not go to New York.
''I don't want it to be like Berlin, with one brother on one side and one on the other.''
Mr. Yates is a senior production associate for ABC News Closeup Documentaries in New York.
Pierce president of the distribution information services division.
13 GOODBYE, MICKEY MOUSE, by Len Deighton.
That's what Joyce Ravid, a p hotographer, wanted to know at the opening of Amy Arbus's first showo f photographs at the Mudd Club, 77 White Street.
(AP) - Jon Sundvold scored 18 points, and four other Missouri players scored in double figures in a Big Eight Conference game.
For Clarke, the new style of hockey is making things tough.
Grating potatoes in the processor is so quick that they have less opportunity to discolor.
George A. Hormel, $50 million of adjustable rate notes, due 1994, rated A2/A (preliminary rating).
's 16 domiciliaries, which care for disabled veterans who do not need hospitalization, would not admit women because of a lack of privacy in sleeping and toilet facilities.
Another acts like a cellular sentry, challenging all comers to distinguish friend from foe.
The court issued no explanation, but apparently agreed with the argument of Mr.
If one character says to another ''This is a picture of the whole world, in a way,'' the play is now officially an allegory and no longer to be trusted.
''The builders cannot afford the luxury of just feeling sorry for themselves; they're fighting back, trying to create a little excitement in the market,'' he said.
Secondly, there were unconvincing changes of tone.
B-Includes tax credits of $397,000 for the qr and $1,914,000 for the yr...C-Includes $1,578,000 tax credit
It would pay the cash following shareholder approval at a special meeting in September.
Put the chicken pieces in the skillet and rub all over in the oil.
Explaining his decision to turn state's evidence against his terrorist companions, Mr. Savasta told the court: ''That was the only way out.
The employment-related concerns supplanted those about education that rated high in the 1956 survey and those about politics and society that characterized the 1968 sample, he said.
''Last year, we spent 3 million pounds to improve Court 1 and give the players a new restaurant, lounge and quiet room.
For now, Israeli and Arab officials and Western diplomats are having a very difficult time understanding what the Reagan Administration is trying to do.
The outcome of the talks on the status of southern Lebanon is especially crucial for the residents of this town.
Under the civil rules, which have been changed little since their adoption in 1938, the extent and scope of discovery is left to lawyers.
The beast kept one step away from me, munching away.
The mill is easy to keep clean - it can simply be wiped off with a slightly dampened towel or paper towel.
The basic skills will still be needed.
The report also said that in 1980, a total of 8,727 persons left methadone programs against advice and that 1,421 were discharged for rules violations.
The board's opinion is solely advisory, however, and Gov.
At Manchester, ''the type of students we see are coming from households where education is not necessarily the highest priority,'' Mr. Taylor added.
The Government called a total of 105 witnesses in 40 days of testimony and introduced more than 300 exhibits gathered in a $4.7 million investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
One price, he said, is that ''we may end up putting an undue stress on the valve struts.''
Can anyone's life and career be studied satisfactorily in so short a time?
Economists say inventory cutbacks can signal increased production and employment.
One politician under investigation is Walter Leisler Kiep, a prominent Christian Democrat and leading candidate in state elections scheduled in Hamburg in June.
The note called his attention to the Mudd report and instructed him to look into selling the Sequoia.
HOWARD FOGEL, President, Independent Taxi Owners Council, Bronx, July 14, 1982
The enforcement of trade regulations, which the Administration wants to end, has prevented ''some of the problems that led to Prohibition, such things as the suppliers controlling the retailers,'' Mr. Cameron said.
English schoolchildren learning about European history are sometimes taught this jingle about Charlemagne's grandfather who stemmed a tide of invasion: ''Charles Martel did pretty well; he defeated the Moors at the Battle of Tours in 732.''
In a good year, between 25 million and 35 million people go to the movies each week during June and July.
Automobile traffic on Sandy Hook has become as much a fixture of life there as the holly forests or dune formations.
The stories are of a high order and contain some writers not accounted for in the Schwartz article.
Representative Paul Findley, Republican of Illinois, sponsor of the bill said at today's hearing that the sanctions had helped push the unemployment rate up to 18 percent in parts of his district, which includes plants of Fiat-Allis Construction Machinery Inc. and the Caterpillar Tractor Company.
In particular, the question of whether the human germline should be declared inviolable deserves close attention.
Sitting South on the diagramed deal, played this week at the Colony Club in New York, was Emily Bannard, who is approaching 94.
YET there is also loyalty to the kibbutz as home - a shift of the second generation, at least in part, from loyalty to the kibbutz as ideal.
(There is no minimum age for setting up an account.)
Many's the time - year in, year out - when I've asked myself a question.
8 8 26 NO BAD DOGS: The Woodhouse Way, by Barbara Woodhouse.
''That was the difference,'' said Coach Eddie Johnston of the Penguins.
Thank you, Conrail, sower of mysteries, bedeviler of routine, keeper of the flame for Sade, asker of fare increases; we on the New Haven line salute you!''
I hesitate to mention Barney's, a tiny breakfast-and-sandwich place that's been there for years, complete with the original Barney, but the real orange juice and exceptional French toast on dark rye is just what you need after jogging.
At Saturday dinner, main courses are $6.95 to $19.
What supporters of this modification are really saying is they want to eliminate the rule where they can find excusable ignorance on the part of the police.
Now Time magazine has gone and gotten itself impregnated with error, and smack-dab on its cover.
Most of them go on a parishsponsored trip to Rome and discover osso buco.
Mr. Ostrovsky matched in quality his partner's every gesture.
Others are sold through the Union of Writers or other outlets for the elite.
Last summer, the glass covering the sculpture was smashed.
Assemblywoman Florence M. Sullivan's campaign for United States Senator from New York ran short of money yesterday.
Cattle prices were mostly lower, and live hog and frozen pork bellies mostly higher on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
But Dr. Viljoen, a former classics professor who is now sometimes mentioned as a future Prime Minister, did not dwell on the pedagogic argument.
The men in the photograph appear to be on their way to the Western Wall, Judaism's holiest shrine, to pray.
We just didn't play ball.''
Stephen Whitehead, leader of the team that interrogated him, were criminally responsible because they induced the suicide.
For the agenda, we propose two fundamental and broad issues.
At this point, the fact that we have any theaters and churches at all in certain parts of Manhattan is something of an accident - a piece of luck brought on by the fact that the forces of real-estate development, active as they were in the boom preceding the present one, still tended not to be quite so desperate to fill every inch as they are today.
In 1961, President Kennedy directed the Agriculture Department to establish an experimental program.
The New York Stock Exchange's worst performers of 1981 were either victims of a changing economy that left them mired in unprofitability or of poor management decisions.
Their coming together, he added, exemplified the endurance of civilized discourse at a time when ''the mores of civility are threatened by angry political tides.''
Mr. Magill, a retired textile magnate who provided half the funds for the 1974 building - Phil Warth, the museum's new director, describes him as the institution's ''most significant patron'' - was unhappy with the way the museum was being run.
Mrs. McCord said that she had printed the rumor in her newsletter to other Shaklee distributors, but had realized her mistake and apologized in both the newsletter and a letter to Procter.
That's why I gave her the summer off.''
Screaming and Chugging Beer The police estimated that 12,000 people poured into the streets in the city's North Beach area alone, cheering, screaming, chugging beer and champagne and strangling traffic for as much as a mile.
''The potential common enemy of the NATO members is fully as menacing today as when NATO was conceived,'' he said.
As far as the Hagley is concerned, the term ''museum'' is somewhat misleadingly used to describe a 200-acre complex of early 19thcentury gunpowder and grist mills, some of them restored to working order, and a few of the homes of their owners, among whom were the earliest du Ponts.
''We've seen a real surge of interest elsewhere only in the last five years,'' he said, ''particularly in the Great Lakes region and on the West Coast.''
A Russian terrorist collides with his own romantic past during a mission to Britain on the eve of World War I.
Mr. Keillor's recollections of small-town life evoke feelings of nostalgia, but the net result is quite the opposite.
Teledyne fell 3 3/4 points, to 80, finishing at its lowest price in two years.
If no one else does so, the publishers will come to him and say they still need legislation to protect themselves from competition with A.T.& T., which will provide some impetus toward a short bill.''
He said he had been told that they did not have Social Security numbers.
Watson lost valuable time because of a slow tire change.
Hapag-Lloyd EUROPA Capacity 600 passengers, two outdoor and two indoor pools, international cuisine.
A suspicious package and an anonymous telephone threat caused hundreds to flee Bloomingdale's department store last night, the police said.
Officials reaffirmed the policy of noninterference in the Falkland dispute.
A Spanish Government statement on the new crisis said, ''The prolongation without real solution of these colonial situations, established against the territorial integrity of countries, is a cause of tensions that can lead to conflicts like the current one.''
Some are grassy, some are sandy, and you get lies that make it hard to chip with an 8-iron, sand wedge or pitching wedge.
The Consumer's Guide to Nursing Home Care in New York City is available for $7.50, prepaid, from: Friends and Relatives of Institutionalized Aged, 425 East 25th Street, New York, N.Y. 10010.
's issued to raise money from investors.
Mr. Levine is attending Union College.
Brian Teacher, who was seeded 14th, was the only other major casualty of the day.
Won't local Gannett editors read those stands as company policy and be tempted to copy them?
It is a coalition of support that underscores the determination of the Michigan Democratic Party to take the Governorship after 20 years of Republican occupation.
That last referred to the Reagan Administration's decision to continue arms sales, particularly those of fighter aircraft, to the Government on Taiwan.
He broke his ankle that autumn and in the next two years was cut by St. Louis, the Jets and then the Washington Redskins.
The issue will be agricultural export subsidies.
''It's not a case of our people not being able to do,'' said Sam Adams, the coach of the American men, who were beaten 118 points to 100.
''I know of no such proposed cuts, and I deal in facts and figures,'' said Al Mann, a public-relations officer with the V.A.
He was appointed a city marshal in 1941 and was reappointed in 1945 by Mayor Fiorello H. La Guardia.
Miss Fannon, a second-year student at the Fordham University School of Law, where she is on the staff of The International Law Journal, attended Wheaton College and was graduated from Bowdoin College.
William Safire feels that ''Ms.''
He is wrong even to imply that there was no mugging, or that democratic Britain and Argentina's military junta have an equal claim on American esteem and affection.
Yet, if it is too early to say whether the federation's statements on military programs represent the beginning of views that would not have been countenanced in the past, particularly under the leadership of George Meany, Mr. Kirkland's predecessor, the statements and the establishment of the committee do appear extremely important.
Like other middle-sized law firms with individual rather than institutional clients, Greenbaum, Wolff & Ernst has been faced in recent years with increasing costs and has been vulnerable to cashflow problems.
One homesteader was said to have inquired about food stamps.
This musical signature, that will embellish the hundreds of millions of dollars worth of Nabisco broadcast advertising, could make an estimated 70 billion impressions on the American public in the coming year, Mr. Abbott will tell us, adding somewhat in awe, ''That's about 300 times for every man, woman and child in the United States.''
When the eel generates current these days it lights up Christmas bulbs around its tank.
The cheerful mood in the convention hall was marked not only in a happy buzz of conversation and warm greetings among the Democrats who last assembled, worrying about defeat, at their 1980 national convention in New York.
The contracts cover 356 apartments.
At the start of Mr. Mitterrand's term, an amnesty that included some extremists and sympathy for foreign radicals among some of his advisers were cited by his critics as a reason why terrorists, facing stern repression elsewhere, were drawn to France.
The Israeli siege of West Beirut and the forced evacuation of the P.L.O.
The planned fleet of at least four space shuttles is known officially as the space transportation system, developed at a cost so far of more than $10 billion and designed to make travel into space more routine and economical.
When the last jasmine drops are gone, Mr. Di produces a pot of oolong, the blend for which Taiwan is famous.
Peacock scored a consolation layup with one second remaining for Kansas, which fell to 5-10 and 13-13.Ron Harris scored 16 points and Estes 15 to pace Iowa State.
do not want, but, rather, as statements of what they do want; and they want nothing more than what we all want: validation, understanding and respect.
The appellate court thus threw out the usury convictions and ordered new trials for the defendants, Dominick DiLuca and Joseph Petrizzo.
He was taken to the Hempstead General Hospital and pronounced dead at 10:30 P.M. Dr. Thomas had been dean of the Hofstra School of Business since Jan. 1, after five years as dean of the Baruch College School of Business and Public Administration of the City University of New York.
But dreams invariably fade, especially when the bills begin to mount and the obstacles prove as awesome as the project.
Oliver's location would have been at the other baseball stadium in New York if George Steinbrenner had had his way.
But the high-rollers apparently decided to take their money down the Boardwalk to Caesars after Tropicana executives refused to waive posted table limits for them, sources said.
The trainer was not, however, saying who would ride Silver Buck in the Brooklyn Handicap July 18.
Watson said he was ready to congratulate Conner at that point.
One such practice that clearly violates union contracts and is said to be widespread in New York City is known as lumping.
Mrs. O'Neil's book, ''The Art of the Painted Finish,'' is constantly consulted.
Tight End - Gordon Hudson, Brigham Young (Salt Lake City, Utah), 6-4, 224, junior.
degree in cartography from the University of Wisconsin at Madison.
A key substitute was Riley.
''There was no mention of budget or any other limitations,'' Mr. Nonas recalls.
CONVERSELY, a new company called American Homestead Inc. in M oorestown, N.J., has been on the verge of offering a plan for more t han a year now.
Begin, who died early Sunday after a long illness, was interred in a cemetery between a Russian Orthodox church and a Moslem mosque.
Shouldn't you have settled the issue by some definitive testing and then announced that it was either excessively and illegally toxic or within previously authorized guidelines.
Albufeira, once a very pretty fishing village, is today the nightlife capital of the Algarve and very crowded in summer.
Yield: About 1 1/2 cups dressing.
''Nothing's going to happen to Flash Gordon,'' said Bill Yates, the comics editor of King Features Syndicate, which distributes the strip.
Iran's Prime Minister, Hussein Moussavi, said in an interview published today in the Teheran daily Jomhouri Eslami that the second stage of the Iranian offensive - a fanning out from the Karun River bridgehead into Khurramshahr - would continue ''until every yard of Iranian territory was liberated from the Iraqi occupiers.''
His first overt step toward Governor came late last year when he won support from Conservative Party leaders.
She designs about 20 percent of them, the rest come from New York designers who make things for her.
Last July, Orion's ''Arthur'' opened weakly, but the movie began to build and was still playing successfully at Christmas.
'One to Look for Leaks' ''We have to keep two workers on the machine each shift,'' said Nikolai Lashov, standing in the shadow one of the behemoth machines, its exterior covered in leaking hydraulic fluid.
The victims, ranging from 15 to 20 years old, were forced into a green van by 10 to 12 men, who sought them out at their homes and a nearby soda fountain.
Authoritative sources, who declined to be identified, said however that the Blacks envisioned Hanna as ''a vehicle for further investment in natural resources in the United States'' and that the idea of a swap was ''not so.''
The Vestrex Arcade System consists of home video games with their own nine-inch screens so they do not require a television set and are simply plugged into an electric outlet.
Mr. Lautenberg, as chief executive officer, will address the annual shareholders' meeting of Automatic Data Processing on Thursday ''to outline where the company is, and what the future holds.''
Mr. Wolters also gives us marvelous vignettes of the people who have been involved with the Lab or its predecessors from the beginning -from the fisherman of the Canadian Maritime Provinces to British royalty and wealthy Americans and the average American waterfowler.
The fierce, choreographed fight will occur during ''Hugh the Drover,'' a rarely performed romantic ballad opera by Ralph Vaughan Williams to be performed with full orchestra and chorus by the Bronx Opera Company on Saturday at 8 P.M. and Sunday at 2 P.M. (next Friday and Saturday at 8 at the Hunter College Playhouse).
Because this process is time-consuming, devoted drinkers may order several stouts at a time, especially as the closing hour nears.
'A Window of Vulnerability' Mr. Reagan replied that ''the truth of the matter is that on balance the Soviet Union does have a definite margin of superiority - enough so that there is risk and there is what I have called, as you all know, several times, a window of vulnerability.''
''Before, he was taking me for granted,'' she said.
They are undesirable tenants, and for pitiful reasons.
The state's restoration program began in 1978.
The suit, which was filed in Federal court, asked that the Governor and the Legislature be ordered to enact a plan by March 1 and to submit it to the Justice Department for clearance.
Upon reflection, I realized that I had literally disappeared and that my subsequent release was strictly at the whim of my captors.
Hung near the famous ''Goldfinch'' by Carel Fabritius, it stands up well to the competition.
Although no further explanation of his departure was given, analysts speculated that it could be connected with Kaiser's negotiations to sell the company to a group of private investors who offered in February to pay $55.25 a share, or about $414 million, to acquire the steelmaker.
Mr. Williams, who was recognized as the World Amateur Champion after triumphing in the second World Boxing Games in Montreal last fall, turned professional at the Felt Forum only last January.
Norman E. Handel, former president of the A. Harris Company, which became the Sanger-Harris Company, owners of a chain of department stores, died Sunday in Baylor Hospital here.
You have to win that battle up front,'' said Marty Lyons, the defensive tackle, who may be forced to share time against the Dolphins with Ben Rudolph because of a pulled hamstring that limited his practice this week.
He is smooth; although in compiling a 13-3 record, which includes a victory over Yaqui Lopez this year, he has demonstrated no great punching power.
The Council of State, Poland's collective presidency, formally announced tonight that, as promised, martial law will be ''suspended'' on Dec. 31.
Then, a preventive rush of editorials and comments usually appears seeking to remind him where the heart of Germany and German social democracy lies.
''Relaxation will help you learn faster and better, whether you are aware of it or not.''
''Discussions, proposals and political pressures to increase money growth are themselves contributing to the problem of high interest rates by adding to the markets' fears that the Fed will give in to the pressures and return to inflationary money growth,'' he told the Joint Economic Committee of Congress.
Brooklyn, for the information of the uninitiated, may be crowded, but it does have parks - although for games there are often time limits of two hours because so many teams want to play.
Happiness is still being pursued, sort of; at least, the characters in these stories can remember what it was like when they were pursuing it.
The Republican leadership has started applying considerable pressure on its troops to back the President, so the odds still favor passage.
Is this man saying that monetary considerations outweigh the client's true media needs?
Fronds may reach three feet in height, but they take a long time to grow that large.
Summing up, Mr. Katz said, ''Not to afford a child the same protection that adults are afforded, I think, is irresponsible.''
And I am therefore going to be optimistic about what happens and avoid a specific answer to your question.
Rabbi Levinthal, a descendant of generations of rabbis, had been elected by his congregation to a life term as its spiritual leader.
The Children's Aid Society is one of eight beneficiaries of The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund.
Texas has lost nine of its last 11.
Like DDT, dioxins take years to break down in the soil.
''Your home is safer with people in it,'' says Mr. Furton, ''and think of all the money you are saving.''
(UPI) - Kirk Gibson doubled home one run in the fourth inning and scored the game-winner one batter later on a sacrifice fly by Larry Herndon behind the combined four-hit pitching of Dave Rozema and Kevin Saucier.
The resolution demanded that Israel end its blockade of Beirut.
In 1946 he was elected to the City Court bench but resigned in 1950 and was elected to the old Court of General Sessions.
Residents of several communities were filling sandbags to try to hold back the water.
Robert J. Joedicke, airline analyst for Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb Inc., said that most analysts had expected a loss of about $75 million.
There are four layers of these internal bulletins, my Chinese friends told me -the narrower and more high-level the circulation, the more complete, candid and interesting the contents.
18, a shoe store worth investigating called Sebastian.
In January, the F.D.A set up its own panel to review the data from the four studies and make recommendations to Dr. Arthur H. Hayes, the F.D.A.
He said that the private sector would be asked to help develop programs to combat alcoholism and drug abuse that undermined productivity in business and industry.
''The strong winds and the light balls made it difficult, particularly in the first set,'' Connors said.
* Executive Industries announced that as of the expiration of its tender offer for its own common stock, 465,785 shares had been tendered to the company.
The Japanese, he said, had also barred some American products.
The mission counted 290,000 Lebanese and 83,000 Palestinians who need some aid, food, shelter, medical aid, water and sanitation.
Simpson is considered one of the hottest prospects, if not to make the Islanders, then to get a start with Indianapolis.
McCann's vice chairman, Robert L. James, said that such a conflict had been a concern since last year when Prudential Insurance acquired Bache and American Express acquired Shearson Loeb Rhoades.
Mr. Coote's death was attributed to a heart attack suffered in his sleep.
Leonid I. Brezhnev, looking more frail than he has for months, led the Politburo at Vnukovo Airport for the send-off after a motorcade through streets lined with cheering, flag-waving people.
Since his first board meeting a year ago, Mr. Kroeger said, he had repeatedly asked for monthly balance sheets from the company that were never delivered.
One reason that his business has been ''fairly strong,'' he added, is that there has been ''some weakening in the commodity side,'' with declines in the prices of such raw materials as wheat, sugar and vegetable shortening.
Iran says its troops are besieging Khurramshahr, which fell soon after the war began in September 1980.
Doughs are of great importance in dim sum.
And since she is no longer leading a band, her literary endeavors seem more important to her.
The bride, daughter of Natalie Serody of Philadelphia and Allen Serody of Blue Bell, Pa., will retain her name.
The Effects of Inflation Although bankers concede that a large proportion of the increase in deposits can be accounted for by inflation and the nearly 50 percent depreciation of the Lebanese pound, they argue that there has still been significant real growth in savings.
are not going to turn the clock back on civil rights.
What's new in all this is that Evan Laurie, a ''new wave musician'' interested in scores for films, will be at the piano doing the accompaniment.
Instead, at the insistence of the officials in Washington, the accounts agree, the tax charge was elevated to evasion, a more serious felony carrying a maximum five-year prison term and a fine of up to $10,000.
In briefings and interviews, Administration officials made no attempt to deny that Mr. Reagan had rejected the virtually unanimous advice of his top aides when he decided against proposals for increased excise taxes to help close the Federal deficit.
That same night at 1 A.M.
Six sailboats, some battered by the winds and high seas, were found.
Estimated figures for the year to date showed production at 9.12 million tons, a decrease of 21 percent from the 12.56 million tons in the comparable period in the previous year.
Yesterday's record advance in the Dow average benefited from other factors as well as the election.
In a severe setback for the Socialist-led Government, the opposition won control of local councils in 59 of France's 95 departments, a gain of eight.
In that case, ritual says, the pass itself must be tucked into a shirt pocket.
One of his principal reasons is that Baghdad is to be the site of a conference in September of the heads of state of the countries that identify themselves as the Nonaligned Movement.
To the Editor: In ''The Cuban Overture'' (column May 6) Anthony Lewis reminds us that the Government of Cuba has sent a signal that it is ready ''to seek a relative accommodation'' with the United States based on ''mutual restraint.''
Instead, the risk is that a significantly lower credit rating would reduce the value of the securities, to the detriment of those who might want to sell before maturity.
''Ungo's argument has always been that this is a political war,'' a close Mexican friend said, ''and he has demonstrated this by generating enormous political support for the military struggle abroad, even in the United States.''
''I was covering up so he couldn't get to my eye.
''He only wanted money,'' Father Bochenski said of Mr. Kruszyk.
''Once the program is written, I never bother to play the game,'' he said; it's the challenge of writing that preoccupies him.
''He's a flamboyant individual,'' said one trader, who like virtually everyone discussing the case insisted on anonymity.
FINALLY, what must fascinate an Englishman, besides the republic's imperial growth, is its final decline into fainthearted impotence.
Thirty femtoseconds is the shortest event ever perpetrated by man.
Of all the young designers, Mr. Alexander took the most whimsical approach.
These two candidates said they would appeal the rulings and have begun a name-by-name check of the invalidated signatures.
Management of the railroad holding company estimated recently that profits would show an annual compound growth of between 15 percent and 20 percent over the next five years.
We have a foundation built for this industry now.''
Decades of thinking about justice in politics and beauty in art, and about the moral significance of some of the most difficult events in history, all come to that.
This issue goes to the heart of the debate now going on about next year's budget.
The Reds scored in the second when Bench singled to center, moved to second on Larry Biittner's double and scored on a fielder's choice.
He was never able to convert his product, his name and his legal victory into a viable business.
Inferences from Dr. Naeye's study affirm the widespread practice among obstetricians of encouraging maximum weight gain during pregnancy.
He made the comments in a speech prepared for delivery at the Delaware Bar Association in Wilmington.
''I can't pin it down,'' he adds, ''except to say that after I experience something, then I'm able to do it.
He would use the threat of a formal Polish default to force Western governments to buy their banks' worthless Eastern notes, at discount prices.
''The growing scarcity of money is having a great deal to do with the problem today,'' said Jacqueline Walker, the state ombudsman for the Department on Aging.
Animals, Then Architects Last October the Board of Estimate agreed to turn over the operation of the Central Park Zoo and the city's two other municipal zoos to the society, a nonprofit corporation highly regarded for its management of the Bronx Zoo.
It was a fine speech but it was probably too late.
By hockey custom, the puck should have been Tonelli's souvenir.
The Phillies are ahead, three games to two.
His job, he said, was to try to settle some loans, or else sell them to investors.
''I thought of a screenplay first,'' he said, explaining that he had taken his original multicharacter conception and reduced it to its two central characters for the stage version, which ran as an Off Off Broadway showcase last year and opened yesterday at the South Street Theater on Theater Row on West 42d Street.
Below is a rundown on the impact these developments will have on individual depositors and how Federal deposit insurance fits into the picture.
And Rusty Staub came in and told me he hadn't been complaining to Cashen.''
Melt the remaining tablespoon of butter and pour it over the potatoes.
But they believe that America urgently needs some kind of vehicle for a constructive partnership between business, labor, universities and government.
''Tom isn't giving any jobs to party hacks, and didn't put all Republicans in the top jobs,'' he said.
Put the water in a saucepan and add the butter, salt and sugar.
A lot of the rockabilly and blues musicians of the 50's were living the kind of lives Kerouac was writing about.
A perversion of traditional debating that amounts to organized verbal sniping is taking hold on college campuses in the Northeast.
Dalton's final touchdown of the fourth quarter came as Mike Kaden dashed 6 yards.
Over the last 18 years, sales have grown at a compounded rate of 16.3 percent, net earnings 20.4 percent and return on equity averaged 28 percent.
Japan has officially complained that the United States has unilaterally expanded its authority beyond its territory in violation of international law.
RHYTHM is king in Jorge Dalto's Inter-American Band, a sextet with an occasional singer, all from Argentina, Brazil, Cuba, Puerto Rico and far-off Phildelphia.
If your office had not been sold previously, a public offering plan that defined the basis for assigning shares should have been put together and it should be on file in the Attorney General's office, unless the co-op board sought and obtained an exemption.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
''He had an incredible faculty of giving and joy of living,'' said Mr. Szerying.
In the world of surgery he was something of a maverick.
The humiliating surrender to the British on the Falklands in June took away much of the military's remaining prestige.
From time to time, I read one.
''If we are in a bull market, the volatile stocks will lead,'' he said.
They were shot to death in the Sheraton Hotel coffee shop in January 1981.
Other brothers in the race include the Mearses, Rick and Roger; the Snevas, Tom and Jerry, and the Whittingtons, Don, Bill and Dale.
They face prison terms of 10 to 20 years and fines of up to $100,000, the Sussex County Prosecutor, Brian M. Laddey, said.
At a pretrial hearing on damage suits growing out of the crash, the lawyer, Lee S. Kreindler of New York, said that the instrument malfunctioned on 27 occasions before its final failure in the takeoff from Bombay.
Mr. Sharon used that meeting as a rationale for asking the Phalangists to enter the camps.
Until the official start of the season the networks will continue to show reruns for the most part, largely for economic reasons.
The protests on behalf of the El Bireh council came in the wake of repeated demonstrations in recent weeks, resulting in a total of at least 10 Palestinians shot by Israelis since March 6.
The importance of tobacco in America's past is unchallenged.
But, using a series of power-play chances to score four consecutive goals, they took a 5-4 lead midway through the second period.
In a speech on arms control on Nov. 18, Mr. Reagan said that in a letter he had sent to Leonid I. Brezhnev, the Soviet leader, he had proposed ''to open negotiations on strategic arms as soon as possible next year.''
He could still smile and joke, even as he complained of his fading vision, his nausea and ''the cry of my cells for survival.''
He then told reporters, ''None of the choices are particularly attractive or palatable in an election year.''
''Success is looking at the scoreboard on a Saturday night for out-of-town scores and there are no out-of-town scores.''
But there is widespread expectation within the banking industry, as well as in Washington, that the act may be modified - indeed, the Reagan Administration has advocated giving banks expanded powers - and Chase is putting itself in position to move ahead quickly should that change be made, as well as streamlining present operations.
The Department of State has only 12 investigators in its New York City office to oversee private security firms, Mr. Staffa said.
Compared with a growth of 1.4 percent in all of China last year, the population of the United States rose by less than 1 percent and that of the Soviet Union by eight-tenths of 1 percent.
Although it is acknowledged that the insurgents have been supplied with weapons from outside sources, opinions differ over the extent of that problem now.
After treatment for depression, the memory problems went away.
His team won, 3 to 2.
Washington, they said, was eager to find an inexpensive way of restoring relations with Argentina and other Latin American nations, which were strained by United States support for Britain in the fighting over the islands.
Mr. Daly's wife is a vice president of City News and his mother is the president.
For example, there are echoes of primitive cultures in which reciprocity between human beings and nature was assumed.
An aim is to prevent pawning on the public invalid scientific information and phony drugs or treatment.
''Perhaps a good futurist is like a good baseball player, hitting one out of three times.''
''It's a type of endeavor where a lot of mischief can occur, and not only mischief but undue influence as well.''
''I have confidence in my ability,'' said Westphal, a 31-year-old five-time all-star, who has a nine-season scoring average of 17.1 points a game.
Heavey said that safety boats will patrol the waters to prevent any serious mishaps and all participants will be required to wear flotation devices.
Black musicians were offered smaller money than white musicians of the same stature.
Despite the champion's outward calm - it appeared as if he never took a deep breath - he knew he was in trouble.
Women who returned to the labor market in later life may be pushed out of it when their retirement benefits are still relatively low, they say, while others with low pensions may be forced to go on welfare, increasing the cost of such programs.
* United Energy Resources, Houston, has elected Willis K. Rossler Jr. president of Petrounited Inc., a subsidiary.
Durations of these trips vary as do the prices, which cover transportation, accommodations and a limited number of meals.
The vessel charters for $1,000 a day for groups of six.
''Either everyone is going to get drowned in the atrium or it is going to be the most sensational in the world,'' said Der Scutt, the architect.
And in the last week the reality of papers, tests and deadlines has set in at Sarah Lawrence, Trinity, Vassar, Wesleyan, Yale and the University of Connecticut, among others.
There is also a constitutional difference between the two sets of judges.
spokesman, said, ''Taxpayers must remain current in their payments.
Pratt's photographs were seen frequently in the 60's and early 70's, hung in exhibitions and reproduced in magazines such as Audubon, Aperture and Popular Photography.
AccommodationsThere is a townhouse village at the base of the lifts with 100 rooms available.
Sweet Basil, 88 Seventh Avenue South, is another jazz club with a full menu and regular weekend matinees.
Gen. Alfredo St. Jean, the Interior Minister, met with opposition political leaders on Tuesday.
One can imagine her thinking, or even saying to a friend, ''Isn't it lovely that we live in a world, that we have a language and a set of faculties that lend themselves to metaphor?''
After all, there is such a word as ''re-up,'' which means ''re-enlist.''
Fidelity is the 16th-largest savings and loan association in California and the 42d-largest in the United States.
Obtaining such samples can be risky for the fetus, frequently causing it to abort.
Every substance absorbs and emits light in a pattern of light frequencies related to its atomic structure.
Among the early takers of retail space are Buccellati and Charles Jourdan.
While they must offer I.R.A.
On the other hand, it is very important that we do not have targets that would add to the pressure on the real economy.''
Although they look like containers, many are firmly tied shut, signifying that they are meant to hold not things, but ideas.
Last month, she wrote an opinion for the Court holding that a Federal court must dismiss a state prisoner's habeas corpus petition if it contains any claims that have not been ruled on by the state courts.
The bidding: East South West North Pass 1 C Pass 1 D Pass 1 H Pass 1 S Pass 1 N.T.
Family feeling is not enough for the fulfillment of a house.
In 1975, at the height of a distinguished architectural career, Philip C. Johnson underwent triple coronary bypass surgery.
ONE GOOD PIROSHKI DESERVES ANOTHER By Craig Claiborne with Pierre Franey The single Russian food we prefer above all others?
Choose straight stalks with tightly closed heads, avoiding those that are wilted or discolored.
But this can mean a lot of very different things, as the work of the Office for Metropolitan Architecture, a group of young, Europeanbased architects, makes clear.
West led the club king, which was won with the ace in dummy.
At a rally in a small town in the northwest part of Alabama Wednesday night, the country music singing star Tammy Wynette, shimmering in silver and sequins, brought hundreds of George C. Wallace devotees to their feet when she belted out her hit song, ''Stand By Your Man,'' as their man came into the auditorium.
Rowdy behavior became a public issue after the Chinese women's volleyball team won a world championship last autumn.
PROBLEMS have developed with the air-conditioning units on the county's buses, and county officials say they are working on solutions.
They pummel the beat instead of swinging with it.
(Vacation before mid-December and Copper Mountain will offer a bonus savings of $30.)
We have a lot of Chinese and Spanish who came in and didn't understand English.
For more information, call the college at 447-1911.
Assurances Not Given Since its establishment in 1876, the school, which is 60 miles north of Pittsburgh, has refused any direct Government aid, maintaining that such payments ''would compromise its independence.''
It asked that the news conference be delayed until after the day's trading in options had ended.
Iran said today that Iraq had attacked the Iranian city of Dizful with missiles, killing 21 people and wounding 107.
teams would be in condition to play at their accustomed level.
The steel gas bottle held fast; the gasoline tank ruptured.
--------------------------------------------------------------------- Questions about home repair problems should be addressed to Bernard Gladstone, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
The documents were apparently uncovered, the officials said, after the gunmen seized the embassy's air attache, Col. Zygmunt Dobruszewski, on Tuesday.
He is a grandson of the late Mr. and Mrs. Hart Fessenden of Brookline, Mass., and a great-grandson of Frederick Fessenden, founder of the Fessenden School for Boys in West Newtown, Mass.
Her program includes song as well as dance, which she calls, in her case, rhythm tap dance.
Note: Cloudberries, which grow in Scandinavia, are hardy wild raspberries with a large yellowish fruit.
By the time the water in the pool begins to recede with the ebb tide, the fish are caught.
The shares closed at 30 1/8, up 7/8, on a brisk 115,000-share turnover.
Contributing to this anxiety is recognition that the Irish political system, so encrusted with tradition and personalities, has failed in a year and a half of revolving-door governments to produce new faces or new solutions.
Players Association to drug testing, the Denver Broncos and the Miami Dolphins say they have tested for drugs, some other teams say they may have and others say they are considering such tests.
The designer-tearer is Chico Ross, brother of the singer, Diana Ross.
Col. Daysi Bouterse, head of the Government, said in a communique that his forces were in control of this nation of 350,000 on South America's northeast coast.
''What we have to do is minimize the damage.
''Any owner who closes down his franchise now will be cutting his wrist in 10 years because he can't get back in the game,'' predicts Willy Roy, the German-born coach of the Chicago Sting.
After Jeane J. Kirkpatrick, the United States delegate to the United Nations, had taken a front-row seat with her Secret Service escort, the other passengers patiently filed past to their seats in the rear.
The second group will continue marching along 42d Street to Seventh Avenue, where they will turn north and head up Central Park West.
The Armenian Church was established in A.D. 301, and its members have been making pilgrimages to Jerusalem ever since.
''If you're not happy with what you're doing, if there are negative things, your mind is going to wander.
If you should be at home when a burglar breaks in, you would have to be ready for him, bold enough to shoot first and a good enough shot to hit him.
West Africa, Nov. 25 (Reuters) - Two black men, a schoolteacher and a reputed nationalist guerrilla, died recently in police custody, the police authorities announced today.
He does not have permits to bring them into the city.
Beginning in the mid-1970's, with the introduction of the videotape recorder, which can play movies as well as record them, video piracy mushroomed.
A Federal court in New York recently awarded the Small Business Administration a $443,000 judgment against him: the $350,000 loan plus interest.
THE mystique of the work created in the period of the Bauhaus - the influential and innovative German architectural school of the 1920's - is an enduring part of modern design history.
Industry analysts have estimated that a combined strike by Canadian and American workers could cost the automaker about $60 million a week.
The aide said that the United States had informed the Salvadoran Government that the recent kidnappings posed ''critical'' difficulties for Administration efforts to prove that human rights were improving.
But Dave Righetti, their 1981 rookie wonder, is not sharing in the cascade of riches.
Just beyond the museum lies a nearly hidden, picturesque old cemetery, part of the old Chisholm estate - rumored to have been a station on the pre-Civil War Underground Railroad - on which the campus was built and one of many tranquil spots to be discovered by the solitary walker.
''It's not put off because of the economy.''
Q. ABC recently said it would broadcast pay TV at night to subscribers to record on video cassette recorders.
Bone-warping cold in the East, the Middle West and much of the South in recent days was accurately predicted by meteorologists of the National Weat her Service, who have made m ajor advances in forecasting in recent years, according to Elb ert W. Friday, deputy director of the service.
And until all that is settled, says he, it's not worth his while to put more cabs out on radio call.
Box 1326, Knoxville, Tenn. 37901, national dues $6; the American Begonia Society, 369 Ridge Vista Avenue, San Jose, Calif. 95127, national dues $10; the American Gloxinia and Gesneriad Society, P.O.
* Union Pacific Corp. has elected David T. Kresge to the newly created position of vice president-economics.
Karlsson attempted to put some fight into his deteriorating position with 15 ...
As a stage adaptation of a Roger Corman movie, ''Little Shop of Horrors'' is one of a number of recent theatrical entertainments that draw inspiration from Hollywood.
Israeli officials have made it clear that they want new arrangements before Israel withdraws from the territory captured in the new operation.
''I should have shifted to clubs,'' said West.
Supervising this musical kaleidoscope, like a magician finding rabbits, eggs and pigeons in his pockets, is a silver-haired Mr. Puente, who adds to the compelling rhythmic and melodic appeal of this very showmanly group as he moves between timbales and vibes.
But we should unite in the face of the outside world.
''Moby Dick,'' released in 1930, and excerpts from ''The Sea Beast,'' 1926, are on the bill Friday with the 1936 production of Shakespeare's ''Romeo and Juliet,'' in which Barrymore played Mercutio to Leslie Howard's Romeo and Norma Shearer's Juliet.
Court authorities declined to answer any questions about the proceedings.
Manville,* whose shares did not trade yesterday, is one of 30 components in the industrial average.
Jumbo Shells With Meat and Spinach Filling 18 jumbo shells 2 cups cooked cubed chicken breasts (see recipe), or use 2 cups cooked pork or stewed beef 1/2 pound spinach, picked over to remove tough stems, rinsed and drained 8 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg Salt to taste, if desired Freshly ground pepper to taste 1 teaspoon finely minced garlic 2 eggs, lightly beaten 6 tablespoons heavy cream 4 cups Bolognese sauce or cooked meat and tomato sauce (see recipes).
He has the advantage over Mr. Galan there, and throughout the rest of the country, of having the party's well-organized campaign machinery.
Du Pont, which subsequently took over Conoco, wrote back that the couple had filled out the papers incorrectly and would get Du Pont's stock.
Combine ingredients in saucepan and simmer a few minutes.
Since I spend many of my holidays in the same place, I experimented a couple of years ago with a course of deliberately exotic reading to relieve the sameness.
Ten months later, Darryl was transferred to the Bushwick Center, a halfway house in Brooklyn on the border of the Bushwick and Bedford-Stuyvesant sections, a squarish, five-story red brick building with wire-mesh covered windows that look out at rows of abandoned and gutted buildings.
With Bryant sidelined, Clemson just managed to beat North Carolina, 10-8.
Excessive Maronite Christian power was a major cause of the civil war that started in 1975, as it was of Lebanon's 1958 civil war before the P.L.O.
Suzanne Farrell, in very top form all evening, led the hip-swaying final unit until all meshed together into the giant animated tartan that fills up the stage.
B-After a tax credit of $68,000...C-Net income including a tax credit of $52,000 for the qr and 6 mos...D-Including a tax credit of $136,000
But he, like many, is worried about the consequences.
Seven years later, when it applied for patents on Benoxaprofen, the original name for Oraflex, Lilly also filed for permission from the F.D.A.
Mr. Schwartz also sent a copy of the affidivit to Mr. Silverman, the special prosecutor.
The official's optimism was not shared by analysts in Washington and Europe.
Instead of rich desserts Mr.
The European Economic Community is investigating I.B.M.
Mr. Cohen and Mr. Richmond were both investors in Walco's attempted acquisition in 1979 of the Bristol Brass Corporation of Bristol, Conn. Walco purchased 35,400 shares and Mr. Cohen, acting independently, bought 56,600 shares.
As a result, Chrysler workers will get another opportunity to narrow the pay gap with workers at the General Motors Corporation and the Ford Motor Company before workers at those companies return to the bargaining table for their contracts, which expire on Sept. 14, 1984.
Yet, from the suggestive headline through the body copy, a confrontation was created leaving the impression that we had been exploited by Mrs. Gutcheon.
Her father is a senior partner with H.J.
Carter's shot came after a turnover by Robert James of Lutheran allowed Ernie Myers to tie the score at 64 on a short jumper with 26 seconds left.
In ''The Vatican Rip'' Lovejoy is hired by a very tough cookie to go to Italy and steal something from the Vatican.
The realty operations of most of the large chains are limited to retailing.
I'm trying to suggest the existence of the possibility of redemption.
''Nicholas Nickleby,'' directed by Trevor Nunn and John Caird, and adapted by David Edgar from the Charles Dickens novel, began life in workshop rehearsals at the Royal Shakespeare Company more than two years ago.
One Soviet expert told a group of Americans visiting Moscow recently that Soviet disadvantages - he did not cite cruise missiles specifically - were such that the Kremlin could not hope to compete on a ruble-for-dollar, weapon-for-weapon basis, but would have to shift to a new ''launch-on-warning'' posture that would mean that any sign of an American attack would be met with an automatic retaliation.
In ''Annie,'' which opened in 1977, the only major role still held by the same performer is that of the dog, Sandy.
- Bus operators will be able to set rates within a ''zone of reasonableness,'' and the zone will become progressively wider over the years.
Federal prosecutors today began to broaden their bribery conspiracy case against Roy L. Williams, president of the teamsters union, by linking the son-in-law of Senator Howard W. Cannon, Democrat of Nevada, to charges that the defendants plotted to bribe the Senator.
''He believes final enactment of his economic program will move the economy ahead, do away with stop-and-start policies of the past and lead to a permanent solution for reducing unemployment.''
The last time, after Braxton took his title with a 10th-round technical knockout Dec. 19, Saad Muhammad blamed the loss on his having had to lose seven pounds in the morning to make the 175-pound limit.
Materials Company of Findlay, Ohio.
The nation's money supply fell $4.9 billion in the last reporting week of April, eliminating much of the huge increase earlier in the month.
While his accomplishments as an administrator gained him great respect from many Catholics, he was the subject of bitter criticism within the church.
Comments on the performances in the album have ranged from hostile (Fanfare) to ''fine, concentrated readings'' (Gramophone) and ''uniquely satisfying'' (Records & Recordings).
''We can install 11 toilets in a park on Monday,'' he said, ''and by Tuesday, five of them will be gone.''
The Knicks got 24 points from King, 23 from Cartwright and 20 from Ed Sherod, the rookie point guard.
The measure, if enacted, would direct the Government's first attempt to find a burial site for nuclear waste from commercial nuclear reactors and military weapons programs.
There are Slew Manet and Slewicide in California, both of whom are already regarded as stakes performers, and a filly in England named Sweet Slew, who ran a strong second at Newmarket in her first start.
On the other side is a first recording of Mr. Carter's 1978 ''Syringa'' - yet another successful musical retelling of the Orpheus saga, this time to a poem by John Ashbery.
General Handy was born in Spring City, Tenn., on March 11, 1892, the son of a Methodist minister.
Awarding a partial scholarship to an athlete thus enables a coach to add depth to his roster.
Mr. Silver said that he also was ready to talk but that it was not ''realistic'' to do so unless the option to buy was extended.
The President's Council was the first official forum created in South Africa in which whites and nonwhites debated the country's future.
Actually it should have had more t o do with polo, because the party was being given by the people who r un the Palm Beach Polo and Country Club down in West Palm Beach, F la.
Drinking water from the reservoir now flows to New York through the Shandaken Tunnel, the Esopus Creek and the Ashokan Reservoir.
: Of 134 trains scheduled in the morning rush hour, 42 were late, the tardiest by 25 minutes.
Indeed, it is impossible to read these scripts and not think of Diane Keaton as Annie Hall or Mr. Allen, himself, as Alvy Singer or Ike or Sandy Bates.
That, he noted in testimony, added to Mr. Hinckley's sense of stress.
Mr. Blake's voice is exceptionally light and tends to tinniness when pushed even slightly.
Attorney General Robert Abrams, who is Jewish, completes the ticket.
He also repeated earlier pleas for calm, reminding some 300 people who filled the church that ''hatred and passion lead us nowhere.''