Bob was a true New Yorker who was committed to helping organizations that made the city a better place.
The bright red postscript that should be attached to Mr. Campbell's directive is that following your bliss sometimes leaves casualties in your wake.
Kentucky meets Utah, a team it beat in the 1998 national title game but one that is always dangerous because of the patience and complexity exhibited by teams coached by Rick Majerus.
A law enforcement official said an agent handling the case called Mr. Hage after the article appeared in The Times to try to persuade him to return to the United States.
In fact, while private analysts are criticizing Mr.
Advocates of a no vote, who in successive opinion polls were leading the yes votes by an average of 10 percentage points, also said they would suspend their campaign, bringing a muted atmosphere to a political battle that will have repercussions throughout Europe.
The team sent 10 men to the plate in the inning.
Waterway officials said that the company leased the boat because it needed it, and that they did not know what the other company was offering.
Reached by phone at home in Brooklyn last week, the curator, administrator and sole artist of the High Street subway gallery said that his creations were simply his way of making the midnight hours pass a little more quickly.
Sloan rejuvenated the college's basketball program in the early 1970's, capped by the 1974 championship, which ended U.C.L.A.
In the mid-1990's, the bureau began broadening its use of polygraph tests for employees with access to secret intelligence after the espionage arrest of a C.I.A.
In three events, two senators and a congressman -- I won't give you their names because I consider that cheap -- attacked me in the most personal way.
To his detractors, Mr. Norman, 51, who was first elected to the Assembly in 1982, runs the party machinery for the benefit of an elite and closed group of politicians, reaching out far too little to the diverse constituencies of Brooklyn.
In three dozen interviews, more than a third of the respondents said they were going to scale back on summer vacations this year, citing the anemic economy and their own precarious finances.
and his own ''Pandaemonium,'' one of the four best Hollywood novels ever written.
In April 2002, a car bomb struck a historic synagogue on the Tunisian resort island of Djerba, killing 21 people, mostly foreign tourists.
How will Dan Rather play in Baghdad?
If they don't go up, don't buy them.
Explain that you are visiting the sculpture garden, and the guard will give you a parking pass and direct you to the visitors' lot.
The Mars series of novels by Kim Stanley Robinson, published over the last decade, has won popular and critical acclaim as a modern twist on the 1950's ''hard'' science fiction.
A few towns with bigger cash cushions are doing more to help the elderly.
He will have surgery this week and miss up to a month.
He is conscious of the inadequate coverage of sports, poorer neighborhoods and the outer boroughs, even into the early 1960's.
AK Steel, which was named the lead bidder for the bankrupt National Steel Corporation today by a federal bankruptcy court judge, was also involved in a dispute over prices with Honda last year, though that did not go to court.
He added: ''I don't see how taking dinners in excess of $100 a person is saving the hospital money.''
The secret, Joseph Acevedo, a partner in Arka, likes to say, is ''bringing downtown uptown.''
Technology was another pitfall, said Craig Love, the commissioner of accounts.
It was the second fine this season for Riley, who was fined $50,000 for speaking out against officials in December.
''In Aberdeen, I had to get up at 6 a.m. to pick a tee time,'' Mr. Farren said.
INTERNATIONAL A3-16 Moderate Arab Leaders Pledge to Fight Extremism The leaders of Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Jordan and Bahrain, and the new prime minister of the Palestinian Authority, pledged to President Bush that they would fight ''the culture of extremism and violence'' that has undercut peace efforts in the Middle East for years.
The students got up quickly to reach home in time to see a reality-based television show about the choosing of Miss Lebanon.
His mother, who is retired, was an executive director of the Women's Resource Center, a nonprofit organization in Summit that provides programs on women's issues and support groups.
A judge had given the club five days to pay, but the club responded with an offer of partial payment, about 20 percent of the sum over the next two weeks, said Josh Taylor, a university spokesman.
Cherished husband of Gilda for 56 years.
The sad news is that many, like the other four the council once operated in New Jersey, have closed.
It is widely known that breathing compressed air from a scuba tank, even at the depths that recreational divers frequent, causes gases like nitrogen to dissolve and build up in the blood and tissues.
Among the issues expected to be discussed today is the possibility of changing the A.C.C.
He and other Passaic County law enforcement officials said in subsequent closed hearings that after July 31, the F.B.I.
to the second century A.D.
Mr. Muhammad, 42, and Mr. Malvo have been charged with 13 shootings, including 10 killings, over three weeks last October in the Washington area.
TOURISTS sitting for a sidewalk sketch in Central Park or on the banks of the Seine must gamble on the skills of an unknown artist.
At a conference of institutional investors on Tuesday, the day after the details of the settlement were announced, Mr. Purcell said: ''I don't see anything in the settlement that will concern the retail investor about Morgan Stanley.
Without feeling it necessary to confine themselves to a standard repertory or to tailor all productions to opera-house proportions, they can present a rich mixture of one-act works, each a crowd pleaser in its own way.
Mr. Rodriguez, who played the doomed but endlessly optimistic and personable transvestite Angel in ''Rent,'' brings a similar hermaphroditic joy to Zanna, though his role is the play's most contrived and his musical numbers rather pale compared with some of the others.
''It's very much an antifashion statement, one that breaks down the notions of what goes with what.''
Even if corporate earnings rise in 2003, exacting investors will reduce the reported figures to account for stock options that companies dispense but do not yet show up as a cost.
So far, it appears that the most susceptible are those 40 years or older and those who had a chronic disease in the past.
This is sour grapes, of course.
They have no plans to do that this season at all.
He also developed a boundless enthusiasm for America's national parks and monuments, and in 1998 became one of the few people to have visited all 376 of these sites.
Mr. Dodd received patent No.6,633,849 for ''methods and systems for electronically forwarding an online gift.''
Jacksonville, Fla., $75 million of airport debt securities.
Another problem is that the doorways are too narrow for her wheelchair to fit through.
We could not sleep in the hot dry nights, my mother and I. I woke up at midnight to find her bed empty.
The editors are Barbara Ehrenreich, who wrote ''Nickel and Dimed,'' the extraordinary look at minimum-wage life in America, and Arlie Russell Hochschild, whose best-selling book on housework, ''The Second Shift,'' added a new phrase to the feminist vocabulary.
''I don't think he's going to win 300 today,'' Sanchez said before the game.
It was Dunham, who was obtained from Nashville last December on the day the Rangers announced that Richter's season was over, who kept the Rangers in the game last night.
Nebraska entered the game with the nation's top-ranked defense and was coming off its first shutout in three seasons.
North Carolina did not clinch a title with its improbable 82-79 victory today against 10th-ranked Duke.
Which brings us to the Third Symphony.
Donations in Richard's memory to the American Cancer Society
''He was promptly gotten rid of for Stackhouse.''
Mr. Milosevic, for instance, was sent to The Hague by Mr. Djindjic only when American officials threatened to withhold $30 million in aid.
golfer, but she lacks the overt charisma of female athletes like Venus and Serena Williams and Anna Kournikova, who earn $12 million to $15 million in endorsements, Williams said.
The four-course dinner is $65 for adults and $30 for children 6 to 12, and free for children under 6.
It ends with James Abbott McNeill Whistler.
Bosh has the potential to be like Robinson, according to a general manager who spoke on condition of anonymity: ''He's never going to be bulky, but he's got a strong body.''
Tiffany Beth Hughes, a daughter of Tenna Wiles of Boynton Beach, Fla., and Ronald Hughes of Nashville, was married last evening to W. Hampton Shiver III, the son of Virginia Shiver of Luverne, Ala., and the late Mr. Shiver II.
Wall Street could see a boom in fees as companies rush to issue preferred stock, a relatively obscure security that could become the most popular way for many companies to raise money.
The bureau did find itself overmatched in the Watergate scandal four years later, but that story began as a police story and The Times did not have police reporters in Washington; in fact, as Gelb cruelly points out, the telephone number of the police chief was not in the bureau's Rolodex.
When ready, heat olive oil over medium-high heat in a 4-quart pot, and brown the hog jowl on both sides.
''The changes make the landmark look cheap.''
Mr. Amicone, who has been deputy mayor for nearly eight years, said he was best equipped to continue moving Yonkers forward.
The Putnam investments had just started to improve, he said, when the state learned of the investigation.
Chris Argudo, an Army mechanic from North Bergen, N.J., standing in a long line for an anthrax shot, said, ''We're ready to go, anything to get out of here.''
Even Marvel and DC have created specialty subdivisions.
Twenty-five years after catching the Boston Red Sox with a late-season surge, the Yankees could be careening toward their own epic collapse.
''I don't believe I would be able to get a bill out of the Senate on changing the full-face ballot.''
Imports rose 63 percent, to $31 billion, driven by a 78 percent increase in the volume of oil imported.
And I thought, what can possibly be done to help them?''
''My world, New York City, was gray and brown.
Her father is a professor of physics at San Francisco State University.
Smaller barchan dunes often bump into larger ones from behind because they move faster and are carried by winds blowing in one direction.
''They are ready for eternity.''
Jay Carson, a Dean spokesman, said the candidate was ''joking,'' noting that the leadership council has been among the most aggressive opponents of the Dean candidacy.
This is the multicultural and materialistic city of Ali G, ''The Office'' and ''Bridget Jones's Diary.''
Sprewell said he remains bitter at the chairman of Madison Square Garden, James L. Dolan, whom he blames for the trade.
The threat of harm, the threat to harm the family, could be a very strong variable.
Dr. William Cors, chief medical officer at Somerset Medical Center, said Thursday that it was ''outrageous'' that none of the other hospitals that had bad experiences with Mr. Cullen had sounded an alarm.
By pleading guilty to second-degree charges of offering a false instrument for filing and misconduct in relation to filing petitions -- both misdemeanors -- Mr. Pradhan avoided prosecution on a felony charge and was able to remain in office.
They had established that of a wide variety of shuttle components, only carrier panels reflect radar energy the way the mystery object did.
Commanders will not discuss details of certain secret strategies, saying only that United States troops will not immediately surge into the city, but stay on the fringes, and focus attacks on remaining Iraqi government buildings and vestiges of the regime.
Services Friday, 12:45PM at ''The Riverside,'' 76th St. and Amsterdam Ave.
''We desperately need more host families in New Jersey because the number of children in need is increasing,'' she said.
On balance, though, the commission deserves modest applause.
Instead of engaging on these issues, the White House and both parties in Congress seem intent on launching a new trade war with China.
THE beleaguered Crossroads Theater has been given another shot at survival, thanks in large part to its cofounder and former artistic director Ricardo Khan, who recently engineered a partnership between the New Brunswick theater and the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts.
A panicked-looking Stephanie Cheung, 25, broke from the swarm of passers-by on the sidewalk and approached him and his radio.
The meetings with Mr. Bush's security adviser, Condoleezza Rice, came one day after five members in a convoy of Russian diplomats and journalists were wounded when their motorcade became trapped in a firefight while leaving Baghdad.
Cook at a lively simmer until the stew is thick and the vegetables are done, about 20 minutes more.
Charles Frederick Spencer, a director of John Brown, was approached by a Swedish businessman who knew Göring and wanted to stop the accelerating skid toward war.
The S.& P. 500 information technology index slid 0.7 percent, paring its increase so far this year to 23 percent.
''It just happened very fast,'' Ms. Jimenez recalled yesterday outside Ms. Viquez's home.
After that, the government will end its blanket deposit insurance and instead insure only the first 10 million yen ($91,000) in each savings account.
Today's Commerce Department report showed that consumer spending was flat in February, holding at an annual rate of $7.49 trillion.
Especially important are the safety measures and quality of supervision in aquatic activities.
Judith Murawski, an industrial hygienist for the association, said the SARS outbreak also raised issues about the freshness of cabin air, an issue that the flight attendants' union has been vocal about for years.
Well, what Lawrenson's Cubans think of sex, Nacho thinks of polo, except he actually does it -- a lot, and with passion.
In April 2000, he was appointed senior vice president of operations, to oversee passenger service departments.
Lorenzo's daughter Chen Fang is raised as a boy in a Chinese village and goes on to lead a lonely life as a schoolteacher in Shanghai.
At the same time I had some apprehension.
''It's remarkable there's been so little attention paid to the Halliburton contracts,'' said Mr. Waxman.
The European Commission yesterday unveiled a list of American products that would be hit by sanctions if the United States does not scrap a tax break it grants to many of its biggest exporters.
He started teaching at Minnesota in 1944 and was made an instructor in pediatrics at its medical school in 1950 after a stint as an investigator at Rockefeller Institute in New York.
A sexual assault leaves Belinda pregnant, and the doctor is wrongly suspected.
He is a survivor of a formidable mix of testicular, lung and brain cancer.
Mr. Goldberg, who always comes to work dressed in a suit and tie, said that he conducted at least two interviews a day himself, ''because I don't want to walk into the store and say, 'Did I hire these people?'''
Guevara missed Sunday's 1-1 draw with D.C. United after accumulating too many caution points.
''We don't purport to have any experience managing theme parks,'' he said, acknowledging that an industry slump has made owning the parks ''like being in the airline business.''
The center employs 500 to 600 people and ships 37 million pounds of tracts a year.
On ESPN2, the number of games shown dropped from 100 in 2000-1 to 75 in 2001-2 and to 50 in 2002-3.
Immediately after the verdict, Amrozi, who has smiled at many of his court appearances, swiveled in his chair to face the crowded courtroom.
Many property hunters look for a house within walking distance to the downtown, but those have become increasingly hard to come by.
Over the last two months, Ward has been a distraction from the job of the U.S.O.C., which is to train athletes for the Olympics.
In New York, 37 percent of residents 65 and older, a high risk group, have been vaccinated.
Other interiors are more psychologically fraught.
He made a point of calling on two Arab reporters and said the military operation was aimed at ''liberating'' the Iraqi people and not occupying their country.
If desired or if time permits, certain groups may develop grassroots “resistance” campaigns to encourage residents to stay, in defiance of the government incentives.
So Mr. Bloomberg, the manager, is working on Mr. Bloomberg, the ceremonial figure and, yes, Mr. Bloomberg, the politician.
NELKENS-Zessi nee Oppenheimer, 91, on April 21, 2003.
Although the number of homeless who use the city's shelters has been known with some accuracy because of the registration process, there has never been, until now, any count of those living in the streets, subway and bus stations, and parks.
What, she asks, has been wrong with all the dinners she's served him and the boys all these years?
The United States Centers for Disease Control issued a new travel alert for Toronto late last week, delaying a planned television advertising campaign aimed at upstate New York, urging tourists to come back to Toronto.
Two days later, Ben Bradlee had to return it -- a moment, he told me recently, that was the most painful of his career.
Why are they not here?''
Any Republican is very likely to be trounced by Mr. Schumer, a first-term senator who has considerable support even among Republicans in public polls.
During a recent rehearsal at Ballet Theater's downtown headquarters of ''workwithinwork,'' an abstract series of complex encounters between dancers, he announced: ''There's a fine line in my work between choreography and improvisation.
Often, it has not been.
Opinions, though, differed on what effect either Bowa's or the players' meeting had.
Mr. Nazarbayev and the companies, which include Mobil, now part of Exxon Mobil; Amoco, now part of BP; and Phillips Petroleum, now part of ConocoPhillips, deny any wrongdoing.
Even the city morgue has come through.
What they found was that the glycerin slightly altered the colors of the feather, something that would not have happened if pigments were responsible for the feather's coloration.
Did Mr. Belzberg remind Mr. Gehry of their former employment relationship?
Mr. Martinez, a Cuban-born former chief executive of Orange County, Fla., has been near the bottom in polls for the Senate seat being vacated by a Democrat, Bob Graham.
He holds her at gunpoint, telling her that he wants to die but doesn't want to do so alone.
Initially, water was used as a means of diluting alcohol that the pledges were encouraged to consume.
The average annual pay is $33,000 for the clerical workers and $30,000 for the others.
There is even a neologism to describe it, slugging, and a social code for slugs: only the driver may initiate conversation; slugs may not smoke, eat or fiddle with the radio.
But Mr. Velasquez says he has gotten at least 2,000 divers each year.
''I really had no idea what I was going to do to get it back,'' he said.
So Kwan bet on herself.
The Family of Richard W. Zirinsky Sr. >>AD#
(See also ''MicroMV format, Sony.'')
It's kind of upsetting in a way because everybody is different.
But Tuscany isn't the soul-saver that Frances hopes for; the house's promises of romance and a new life in Italy don't burst into bloom like the sunflowers that are often in view.
Mr. Roy said that Mr. DeLay had been so successful in raising money for his drive to build a facility for foster children in his home area outside Houston that the charity might not even offer to pick up the tab for any lawmakers.
At a funeral Mass she attended this week, the priest clapped her on the back with a hearty ''Go get 'em.''
A hand scroll titled ''A Thousand Cliffs and Myriad Valleys'' by Gong Xian, one of the great Nanjing artists, is a standout.
EVERYONE'S BURNING By Ian Spiegelman.
Still, despite the optimism that Mr. Harth exudes over the artistic possibilities of the merger, it's hard not to feel that he is adopting a pragmatic stance and promoting a policy thrust on him by his board, especially its forceful chairman, Sanford I. Weill.
But they have found their good intentions under assault from various political movements offering money, guns and other enticements in exchange for hoisting their party flags on the buildings.
It used to, but it doesn't anymore.
TAYLOR PLIMPTON, Mr. Plimpton's 27-year-old son, who has blond hair to his shoulders and who is at the stage where one says ''I guess,'' when asked if he's a writer, sat at a large table with friends.
There is a lengthy discipline code, and students who behave and follow the rules are awarded points listed on a bulletin board, and vie for powerful rewards.
Cuba, which won its first Gold Cup match Monday night against Canada, also advanced and will face the United States in the quarterfinals on Saturday at Foxboro.
Tetrahydrogestrinone is made by the Bay Area Laboratory Co-Operative, a Burlingame, Calif., company owned by Victor Conte, a former track athlete who was a bassist known as Walkin' Fish with Tower of Power before he started Balco to offer ''nutritional testing and counseling'' to athletes.
At the mutant school in upstate New York (complete with its own little air force base), Prof. Charles Xavier (Mr. Stewart) summons support from the blade-fingered Wolverine (Mr. Jackman), Cyclops (Mr. Marsden), Storm (Ms. Berry) and others.
Work has begun on a 15,000-seat waterfront theater.
''We'd never seen a town like this in our lives,'' said Mary Sue Rynecki, a Newsweek vice president who splits her time between Chester and the Upper East Side of Manhattan.
If the accounting board does not back down, the battle is likely to lead to a political showdown that could severely damage the board and stop Europe from getting unified accounting standards in 2005, as it intends to do.
In contrast to the original rules proposed late last year, the new rules were a significant softening of the S.E.C.
BRANTLEY -- I guess you can't call it the young generation anymore, but we did have two musicals from authors in the same generation as Jeanine Tesori: Michael John LaChiusa's ''Little Fish'' and Ricky Ian Gordon's ''My Life With Albertine.''
My tearing apart and hitting rock bottom was kind of like the birth of him.''
The complex would include three theaters: one with 800 seats, one with 700 and one with 400.
Here, the pop music critics of The New York Times review this year's boxed sets of three discs or more that include previously unreleased material.
Lou wrote the song, ''Thursday'', for Lew Leslie's Blackbirds of 1939.
After four days of work to repair a sinkhole, the main highway through Denver into the Rockies was reopened, allowing one lane of traffic in each direction while work continued.
Russia's bond ratings were raised two levels to investment grade by Moody's Investors Service, underscoring an economic turnaround five years after the government defaulted on $40 billion of domestic debt and the banking system collapsed.
C1 Enron Trader Pleads Guilty A former senior trader with Enron, Jeffrey Richter, 33, pleaded guilty to illegally manipulating the California power market during that state's energy crisis and lying about his actions to federal officials.
And historically that included the riders.
It can be thoroughly distasteful.
Describing his legacy in France this week, he said, ''It's a satisfaction to have been able to run an independent institution, which is respected in France, even if it was really hard times.''
In 1997, Wells shouted at Steinbrenner, nearly coming to blows with him in the clubhouse.
''We're sorry to say that this is what we warned would happen,'' said Wendy Wright, senior policy director at Concerned Women of America, which opposes abortions.
Still, Uganda has serious problems, including a rebellion in the north that has endured since 1988.
In the aftermath of beating Ruiz, the debate surrounding Jones now shifts from whether he could win as a heavyweight to where this victory places him in boxing history.
''It looks like they're unwinding it,'' said Dean Bonham, chairman of the Bonham Group, a sports industry consultant in Denver.
Cato Institute, which advocates limited government.
The boys' football team finally wins a game and they're giving the score every period.'
Yet whatever the Chechens are, Russia created them in two centuries of oppression.
Under New Jersey law, a felony murder is not intentional but occurs while another crime is being committed.
Which explains why it was at the Belle Meade club that I first saw a man (who was not in a camp skit or at a costume ball) wearing a dress.
''This is like Math or Computer Science 101 stuff.
On Friday he was backed by the pianist Barry Harris and his trio.
''He said, 'We're going to conduct an exorcism,''' Charles Steinberg, a Red Sox executive, recalled.
In the fifth inning, with one out and one run in, Clemens walked Roberto Alomar and Carlos Lee to load the bases for Thomas.
Thomas M. Ryan, the chief executive of CVS, said the chain benefited from merchandising and customer service initiatives as well as better-than-expected gross margins.
In Montreal only about 700 tickets had been sold for the Medley, which seats 1,800.
In looking at American progress toward racial equality, Dr. Bollinger said, he sees the country moving forward and backward in 50-year spurts: the emancipation of slaves through the Civil War, followed by the Jim Crow laws of the 1890's.
Post-Sept. 11 jingoism with a twang has gave the country hitmaker Toby Keith an extra boost lately.
Shortstop JOSÉ REYES (left quadriceps) was scheduled to be examined by Dr. ANDREW ROKITO on Monday and is expected to return this week.
Tuesdays through Sundays, noon to 4 p.m. Bainbridge House, 158 Nassau Street, Princeton.
The recipients, it said, will use the awards as leverage to generate up to $2 million for projects intended to broaden public participation and foster music appreciation in schools and community centers, as well as for programs that span the generations.
The chief executive, Lloyd Ward, hired Wong directly, and two Olympic officials said he had approved the extra $35,000.
His experiments with alternative techniques proved mildly effective for a short time; they included acupuncture, tanning beds for ultraviolet rays, baths filled with oatmeal and, once, washing with a ''tar shampoo,'' a petroleum-based solution that promised a cure.
May the family find comfort together with all those who mourn for Zion and Jerusalem.
City agencies are also warning people not to fish in recreational waters, Ms. Mullin said.
Frank Huttle, a co-founder of the Bergen Performing Arts Center, said Fleet Bank was making a substantial contribution to reopening the arts center.
1 hit ''War,'' a thundering indictment against war, which earned him a Grammy Award and includes the lyrics: War has shattered many young men's dreams, We've got no place for it today.
He declined to be interviewed as well.
Getting Into Broadcasting WEDNESDAY -- Leslie Moonves, the president and chief executive of CBS, will be honored at a black-tie dinner at the Waldorf-Astoria to raise money for the International Radio and Television Society Foundation.
In 1936, Dr. Coxeter accepted a a position at the University of Toronto and remained there until his death.
Williams, the world's top-ranked woman, was undeterred by a noisy, partisan crowd, winning in 64 minutes for her second title in this event and the 21st of her career.
They say they hope the central government will rewrite finance regulations to give businessmen more freedom to raise money and to limit the influence of state banks and local officials.
The music of Pérez Prado, the Cuban bandleader whose music set off a mambo craze in the 1950's, is revived by the Mambo All-Stars: a 24-piece band, three singers and four dancers.
Although Hicks emphasized his desire to retain Rodriguez, the Rangers could at least survey the market, because Rodriguez suggested it.
They also provided the star of the meet in Michael Phelps, a 17-year-old from the Baltimore suburb of Towson, Md., who broke a world record in one race and an American record in another.
Licenses of the co-pilots were later returned.
Corporal Nixon, 21, took a different path into the Marines.
In 1978, Affirmed faced four rivals, as did Secretariat in 1973.
''My stomach doesn't do too well,'' he said.
Tomorrow in the chapel, ''Iron Giant'' (1999) at 3 p.m.; ''My Fair Lady'' (1964) at 6; ''Cabaret'' (1972) at 9.
His radio career began in 1959 at WDLC in Port Jervis, N.Y.
''You can't anymore just have the best bar,'' said Mathew Pargament, the general manager.
The marches attracted the support of figures like Don King, the boxing promoter, but they also drew criticism from some of Mr. Davis's rivals, who said the events were to promote his political aspirations.
But that weakness could also come from too little light, too much water, or both.
The Indonesian government long denied that Jemaah Islamiyah even existed.
For the next two years, the national team coach, Bruce Arena, will have to deal with questions about Adu and his place on the 2006 World Cup team.
''We're stacked all the way around.
After several years of uncomfortable silence, the question of how to redress the human rights abuses of this country's violent past is once again on the public agenda.
Organizers maintain they would be happy to see applications from any student who wants to attend Harvey Milk, whatever his or her sexual orientation, but the school's stated mission needs to reflect that, in the same way that other small ''boutique'' schools around the city draw students interested in particular careers, course work or unique learning environments.
Ms. Madan, 35, is keeping her name.
The lead actors, though beautiful, lack magnetism.
''Stephanie zooms around on high speed and high energy, and Conon is there like a steady bass beat,'' said Linda Adams, Ms. Vautravers's stepmother.
Watching him was an education.''
Lewis and Clark spent more time in the area than anywhere else.
Another season of college course classics, from Ibsen to Pinter, done with ''déjà vu all over again'' fidelity.
''When you have a lack of competition in some esoteric asset class like commodities, they tend to be more expensive,'' he said, ''and that's a real drag on performance.''
A Manhattan bear is a distinct possibility, should the prospective rogue prove to be as venturesome as those coyotes who have been observed crossing various bridges into Gotham and dodging late-night taxis on their way toward Central Park.
The campers also tend to march in straight lines, though that is not mandatory.
Remember Armstrong's public outrage when he was mocked last year and the way oafs feed off that reaction.
We picnicked with the family on deserted beaches and overheard zany conversations with local peasants.
Co-payments for doctor visits range from $5 to more than $25, depending on the plan.
My husband took it out of the Dumpster.
Acentech was hired by the City of Kokomo, Ind., to study a mysterious hum that residents first complained about in 1999.
.5:19:51 27363 Vaananen, P, 58M .
(Two games topped 50,000, double Oakland's average attendance before the series.)
Trading in gold futures at the exchange is at a record, she said, with average daily volume of more than 61,000 contracts, up 60 percent from last year.
A portrait of a town?
Bold experimentation that might have gone too far in Europe was permitted, even encouraged, in this colonial outpost.
Shanghai Jazz is owned by David Niu, born in Taiwan in 1960, and his wife, Martha Chang, 38.
This second career helped him relax, but it took four years to become a certified master watchmaker and another four to become a certified master clockmaker by taking correspondence courses from the University of Zurich.
The release said community leaders were coming together in support of the employees' efforts to ''save the facility from closing.''
Almost 17 percent of the women reported having fallen at least once, while 7 percent were classified as frequent fallers.
Here too, though, there are concerns: rising unemployment, parasite singles, childless couples.
said Mr. Nicholson in the backstage mob.
Today at 6 p.m. Free.
Comrie was acquired from the Edmonton Oilers on Tuesday for the former first-round pick Jeff Woywitka and two draft picks.
Redback Networks Inc., which makes equipment used to deliver high-speed Internet service, filed for bankruptcy protection yesterday to execute a recovery plan that almost all of its bondholders have agreed to support.
''A lot of people in the media know the details and they're getting around, and a lot of people in court circles know them, too, even if they're spluttering with indignation.''
Boston, which returned from a 7-2 road trip, has a one-and-a-half-game lead in the A.L.
In outlining this the book is forced to offer a solemn explanation of white slavery rackets, nickname the F.B.I.
said Mr. Lautenberg, who added: ''I come from a business environment and I just don't get it.''
Some experts say family democracy has eroded the diets of children and the power structure of a family.
''Our team has a chance of winning if we play our brand of hockey, which pretty much puts work ethic first and banging bodies and crashing the net,'' Coach Peter Laviolette said.
And there was Mr. Kallakis, who admitted playing five-card stud with matchsticks as a child but said his only preparation for the World Series was reading a Texas Hold'em book the night before, ''How to Play Poker and Win,'' by Brian McNally -- not Mr. Hellmuth's newly published ''Play Poker Like the Pros.''
''On the one hand, the core shareholders are holding out for money, thinking it's worth more,'' Mr. McCutcheon said.
BASKETBALL National Basketball Association LOS ANGELES LAKERS--Signed G-F Byron Russell.
Emboldened by this insight, Dr. Urton said in his book that the Inca ''may well have been recording full subject-object-verb notations in the khipu.''
His father has attracted some attention as an advocate for the disabled.
All day, he insisted that they call him ''K,'' according to the complaint, or by another alias, Zabie Koughni.
The bride and bridegroom met in New York in June 2000, while working on the national tour of ''Parade,'' for which Ms. Stitt was the assistant music director and pianist.
The company's report, which was released last year, said that more food-related accidents happen in the morning than the evening, because people are more concerned about how they look on the way to work.
Signed OT Wayne Hunter, FB Chris Davis, LB Solomon Bates and QB Seneca Wallace.
.3:30:30 2501 Denis, N, 30M .
Also on the menu is a charcuterie platter with house-cured soppressata and prosciutto made from Niman Ranch pork and mortadella from one of Flying Pigs Farm's Tamworths.
Not everyone in Mineola opposes the deal.
The government would do so without taking a position on the merits of the complaints.
He said hearings for a motion for a new trial were under way, and said the judge had not ruled on a motion for acquittal.
But then a feeding frenzy developed, and now they are extremely rare and very costly.
I was really into it, I would play it over and over.
Bill Guerin flipped in the final goal on a breakaway midway through the third period.
Trading Cedeño to the Padres would fill two voids.
TIGERS 3, ROYALS 0 Mike Maroth won for the first time since Aug. 2, and host Detroit recorded its fifth shutout of the season.
Atlanta (5-11) improved to 3-1 since Vick returned to the starting lineup.
For the year, the S.& P. 500 has risen 12.4 percent; the Dow is up 9.3 percent; and the Nasdaq has gained 21.8 percent.
The city would also sell the development rights to build on platforms over the railyards for about $300 million and the rights to build taller buildings than zoning rules would ordinarily allow.
Mr. Putin voted with his wife, Lyudmila, early on Sunday at a research institute in Moscow.
said they're going to make this money available, and the Department of Education hasn't made it happen.
In contrast, 21 houses are priced at $1.5 million or more, with the most expensive topping $5 million.
While there is 40 million square feet of vacant office space in Manhattan, brokers report that demand for retail space remains solid, particularly in prime shopping locations, including Times Square.
''He used to say there was no sense in getting excited about contracts until Bastille Day,'' the Giants' current general manager, Ernie Accorsi, recalled.
73 years of age, of Manhattan.
Perhaps this was the reason for the first selection of a very large midblock site running from 66th to 67th Streets, between Lexington and Third Avenues.
''The legislation we just passed will save lives,'' Senator Bill Frist, the majority leader and a surgeon, said after the vote.
But Roger's not on you all the time.
The 19-year-old was taken to Kings County Hospital in stable condition, and the 24-year-old was pronounced dead on arrival.Officer Louis Camacho said the victims had not yet been identified, no guns had been recovered, and the motive for the shooting was not yet known.
Nor had she been told anything about any extra resources for I.S.
Ms. Tomalin's earlier books have included acclaimed biographies of Mary Wollstonecraft and Jane Austen.
Most are willing to wait until the anger over school aid cuts ferments in the suburbs and cities this spring and summer.
''The module came in slow and sideways to touch down with not much more pressure per square inch than you create jumping up in the air and landing in your shoes.
I had never been around such large men.
CLIPPERS 110, BUCKS 104: Corey Maggette led six Clippers in double figures with 23 points and Los Angeles defeated visiting Milwaukee, giving the Bucks their first three-game losing streak since early December.
Quizzing and celebrating the charged space between painting and photography is Vik Muniz's ''Beggar I, After Rembrandt'' (2001).
For sandwiches to take to the beach, we enjoyed Keeses Pickle Barrel, 4350 North Ocean Drive, Lauderdale-by-the-Sea, (954) 776-4646.
At least their rejuvenated defense, with four new starters, stood out.
''TOGETHER,'' starring Liu Peiqu, Chen Hong and Tang Yun.
Earlier in the day, Brig.
As an awareness of spreading horror and suffering filtered out of Uganda, Mr. Amin began to address the criticism, choosing words that intentionally added insult to injury.
WHERE -- Blue Ridge, Ga. WHAT -- 6-bedroom house HOW MUCH -- $1,199,900 A stained-glass window of a lake scene is above a whirlpool bath in one of the few rooms in this house that does not have a window with a real lake view.
He may have to and, in any case, it will be up to the Iraqis.
He said the sale would reduce Schwab's costs but the price would have little effect on Schwab's earnings.
He added that vacant land in Miller Place sells for $300,000 an acre.
As head of Credit Suisse's global technology group during the Internet boom, Mr. Quattrone turned the company into an I.P.O.
The Chinese, however, say that the earlier agreement should remain the basis for new negotiations.
As part of this industry soul-searching and housecleaning, Independent Sector circulated a draft code of ethics for nonprofit and philanthropic organizations.
Yes, the Shiites were the enemy of America's enemy.
For thousands of tourists and their all-important dollars, it was a case of plenty of time, nothing to do and nothing to buy.
Goran Ivanisevic's left elbow and biceps hurt.
Charles Cziryak, filling up at Delta, said: ''Wawa and this place are battling tooth and nail.
He made his stage debut in 1975 in Massachusetts, when he played a parlor singer in an annual holiday show, ''The Christmas Revels,'' and a chantey singer in ''The Sea Revels.''
America is a leader in aviation, but what happened to its passenger rail system?
So there must be a compelling reason for us to endure all this aggravation, right?
.3:56:26 6781 Richard, J, 45M .
Nearly two years later, the college reports a very disappointing response to its effort to meet the requirement.
In recent months several incidents occurred in the metropolitan area in which Ontario health officials feared that the disease might have spread to the general public.
The Urumaco formation is an exception, and has produced a great diversity of fossils, including Phoberomys.
The operator and a supervisor made a record of the call, the officials said, but they did not relay it to the Police Department.
''We need people to come forward and volunteer that information,'' he said.
Admission: $3; $2 students and those 62-plus; free, children under 12; Fridays, pay what you wish.
The people who were assisting others in their search for work suddenly found themselves thrust into an unforgiving job market, where one opening can draw as many as 300 desperate applicants.
Mr. Bush's six-hour stay today in Senegal was the first stop on a five-day trip that will also take him to South Africa, Botswana, Uganda and Nigeria.
Sold after her death, Barnsley House has recently become a hotel, but the gardens are open to overnight guests and lunch and dinner clients; the famous Laburnum allée, with golden flower bracts hanging from an arbor above purple alliums, blooms in May.
''The country was ruled by an authoritarian military regime at the time, and along comes Roberto Carlos to talk directly to the kids in what they took to be coded language telling them not to conform.''
They don't want anybody else to come.''
Stellastarr reaches back to the most upbeat impulses of new wave, with cheerful power-pop melodies, the guitar drive and buzz of the Pixies and the yelp of Devo or early Talking Heads.
A place for an audience that trusts us and will come to the shows no matter what.
''It was kind of scary, because I knew nothing about diabetes,'' said Ms. Bell, 50, who lives in Brooklyn and works as an administrative assistant.
In his report, he said that so far claims officials had paid $131.5 million in connection with 1,751 accounts.
(Her late husband was the same kind of pugnacious idealist, she tells him.)
But the increase in jobs was still not large enough to match the growth of the population, and the percentage of adults with jobs fell to the lowest level in 10 years.
''As quick as it happens to you is as quick as you shut it down.
Seen that way, a new calendar naturally looks like a moral proposition.
THE musical career of Nikolaus Harnoncourt started at the top and has stayed there.
The Canucks took a 3-1 lead into the third period after Salo's power-play goal in the second.
A hearing on the auction process is scheduled for Dec. 16.
The Mets did not give Griffiths much of a chance to redeem himself yesterday.
Soyuz spacecraft, which serve as the station's emergency lifeboats, must be replaced every six months.
But just six years ago, the president of the United States actually answered a question about Rodman, who had kicked a photographer during a game.
''When you see the abortion rate decline in tandem with birthrate, this essentially means that teenagers are being more successful in avoiding pregnancy, both that end in abortion and end in birth,'' said David Landry, senior research associate at the institute.
With the Outdoor Life Network, an American cable channel, planning to broadcast live from the summit on Thursday, many climbers say the commercialism, crowds and litter are spoiling the Himalayan high-country experience.
Faulting Captain Fuentes for commenting publicly on the case, Mr. Sciarra said: ''He was in the paper saying, 'This is reprehensible, and these guys can't be state troopers.'
He plunged his shovel back into the earth and continued his funereal chores.
Lately filmgoers have seen her as an Italian (''Heaven''), a Scot (''Charlotte Gray''), a Southerner (''The Gift'') and a resident of Middle Earth (''Lord of the Rings'' trilogy).
And what characters he brings to life -- Harry Kellar, a protégé of the Davenport brothers and a ruthless thief of secrets, later America's premier magician (on whom L. Frank Baum most likely modeled the wizard of Oz); P. T. Selbit, who in 1921 capitalized on the public's ambivalence toward the liberation of women by sawing them in half for the first time; Howard Thurston, with the hypnotic voice of a minister, who used to bring a small boy on stage during his show to witness his levitated princess, then whisper obscenities in the boy's ear to distract the kid from the wires and make him gape with astonishment.
The United Arab Emirates have become a close ally of the United States, providing access to their airfields and buying advanced American fighter jets.
That night, two masked men assaulted him outside his home, and the next day he did as asked and met two men who he believed were policemen at a local cafe, where he was forced to agree to sell the house.
But he remembers his first Fresh Air Fund vacation differently.
But the biggest change is the nationwide rollout of Sirius, which has been providing XM with 100 channels of competition since the summer of 2002.
He is a man of few words and trusts very few people.
In the past three years, federal education spending has increased by 65 percent.
In doing so we will achieve greater accountability and responsibility and transcend the failures in leadership that we bore witness to in the last year.''
Calls to the Rams' offices yesterday were not returned, but there is a suspicion that Martz initially tried to cover up Warner's condition, not just during the game, but after it, too.
By contrast, the Variax feels and sounds like a real guitar, because it is one.''
Attacks are on the rise in Wardak and Logar Provinces, both just south of Kabul, where nine policemen were killed in August, aid officials said.
Because the hormones have risks, women are advised to use the lowest dose for the shortest time possible and to consult their doctors about other ways to prevent osteoporosis.
''New Jersey has the reputation of being very, very tough,'' he said.
''We didn't expect that run to happen,'' Paxton said of the Super Bowl.
''This is the way it has to work.''
Instead, he chased down its owner and threw him out of the building.
I agreed with so much of the social message of Jesus,'' and ''I was very affected by the depth of the commitment of people like Father Corridan.''
Things won't run as smoothly, and it won't be beneficial for the economy.''
CEDAR LAWN CEMETERY Guided tour of the historic cemetery, in which Civil War heroes and politicians are buried.
There has also been some discussion of grinding up the bricks from demolished buildings on site to be used as fill.
and smacked his lips over the poetic justice of it.
that the public can buy next spring.
The protests came just two days after others by former workers at what had been the Ministry of Information, the agency that oversaw the vast propaganda and censorship machinery of the former president.
And Yashin apparently impressed his teammates with the way he continued to play hard despite being checked continually by the Senators.
But she also rides the frown too hard, claiming, whenever attention to her wanes, that she's having ''attacks'' of various kinds.
''These two are good,'' he said.
She then takes Jane to ancient Greece, where Nikolita makes the idealized figures on a series of urns (including Keats's) come to life.
Girls match the wigs to their own hair.''
The game gives you 10,000 simoleons to get going, but I hardly needed it.
He founded Architecture Plus Furniture in 1984 and the Guenther Petrarca firm with Robin Guenther in 1991.
It is also said to be home of the first amusement pier and rides, among them a carousel and a revolving tower.
As Melton recounted, they would challenge each other: ''O.K., Steve, it's 2 o'clock.
Mr. Wiggins's current lawyer, Donald B. Verrilli Jr. of Washington, said he was ''quite happy'' with today's decision but would continue to work for his client's exoneration and freedom.
If you get stops or steals, a lot of times that's easy layups or fouls, and guys are putting you on the line and you get easy points out of it.''
Shaye would review the footage as Ordesky took notes to deliver to Jackson.
In the advertisements, McWane's president, G. Ruffner Page, acknowledged ''some terrible accidents in our foundries that have caused suffering and heartache to many families.''
That has allowed him to record American orchestras (primarily the Nashville Symphony) and to issue some of his more unusual comprehensive sets in which a particular nation has a particular interest.
The sudden crackdown came one year after Mrs. Aung San Suu Kyi was released from 19 months of house arrest with assurances that the government would begin a dialogue with her and would free political prisoners.
The Boston church is facing a series of interlocking crises.
A bush pilot set two friends and me down on a sandbar on Saturday just north of the Brooks Range, and since then we've been rafting and hiking through this wilderness, perhaps the wildest place left on earth.
''You can't find a single space now on the Botswana side,'' said Mr. van Riet.
He ordered troops backed by tanks into the streets to quell mounting popular discontent and street violence.
Reservations are required for the symposium, which is free.
They had gained 28 cents in regular trading.
But he was deserted en masse by liberals like Edward Kennedy, Jon Corzine and even Lincoln Chafee, the Republicans' most reliable environmentalist.
But I'm not going to say it's going to be easier.
How the Survey Was Conducted The latest New York Times/CBS News Poll is based on telephone interviews conducted Friday through Sunday with 1,010 adults throughout the United States.
Mr. Campbell testified last week and said today that he would be available if needed for any further questions from the head of the investigation, Lord Hutton.
Bennington College in Vermont, the College of New Rochelle in New York, and Guilford College in North Carolina were among the campuses that froze tuition for one or more years.
The most excruciating lost opportunity was in the third quarter, when Chester McGlockton knocked the ball away from Patriots quarterback Tom Brady as he prepared to pass.
''It was like a museum.
They chose Kitty Hawk, took their various flying machines there by rail and boat four times between 1900 and 1903, and inscribed that isolated town's name in history.
And that's the way it was, Oct. 17, 2003.
In another gallery, posters concerning Mr. Parreno's previous exhibitions and performances, printed in pale ink that glows in the dark, are vaguely discernible when the lights go out.
It was a creditable performance by Webb in his first mile since last summer and only the second race since he left the University of Michigan after his freshman year.
''We all thought that after 1994, the whole notion of colored would just disappear,'' said Trevor Oosterwyk, a political writer and historian who grew up in the Cape Flats and was active in the anti-apartheid struggle.
The different route was to go East, to the Nets.
Star players like Mike Piazza, Roberto Alomar, Mo Vaughn and Jeromy Burnitz had bad years.
A senior American official said concern about Iran was driving some of the discussion about moving quickly to re-establish an intelligence service.
She graduated from Hamline University in St. Paul.
Revenues from telecommunications are expected to grow 12 t0 14 percent, and revenues from the company's Rainbow Media division are expected to grow 15 to 17 percent.
Mr. George said that sales of the low-end printers had been stronger than the company had forecast.
Select Sign Guestbook at the bottom of the individual Memorial.
''I'll be able to sit back one day and tell my kids we were the first Net team to make history,'' Kittles said.
About 10:40 a.m., Mr. Williams felt an unfamiliar rumble.
''They don't have to use these stairs to egress the building,'' Mr. Doban said.
The setting harkens back to the days the city earned the nickname Mob City for its fervent union activity.
In recent weeks, Mr. Sharon has insisted that the Palestinians drop their requirement for a right of return to what is now Israel for refugees of the 1948 Arab-Israeli war.
Monday at 8 p.m. Tickets: $13.
A majority opinion by Justice Breyer upheld record-keeping provisions imposed on broadcasters.
Despite its simplicity, jook does not keep well for much longer than that, especially once it has been seasoned.
The video ghost of Elvis Presley was reunited with his old band members a few years ago, and in October a video Frank Sinatra is to be reanimated with his old arrangements live at Radio City Music Hall.
The room is pleasant and the food is thankfully not too ambitious.
''He started getting frustrated and fussing at guys,'' Jackson said of Gannon.
Service on Sunday, May 18th 12:45pm at The Riverside, 76th St. and Amsterdam Ave. Memorial donations to the Mt.
Mr. Kirchner's decree making the spy officials available, which reversed a decision made by Mr. Menem, prohibits the officials from being questioned about foreign intelligence agencies but allows them to testify about ''foreign individuals.''
As he holds his wrench, poised to tighten a bolt on the curved surface of a turbine shell, he appears to be in danger of sliding off.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey joined with Fort Lee officials and Bergen County officials yesterday to announce a $30 million improvement in a number of local streets that lead to the George Washington Bridge.
It's not merely the Nets versus the Spurs; it's tats and 'tude taking on a bunch of old-fangled Texans who refuse to go under the needle and ink.
Talk a bit about this supply constraint.
But for sheer visual appeal, this modified California roll, with tuna, salmon, crab, avocado and cucumber in alternating designs, is breathtaking.
Mr. Hamilton woven the confusion and the fractiousness of his childhood into an illuminating memoir, ''The Speckled People'' (Fourth Estate).
Twenty-five years ago this month, Louise Brown became famous just by being born -- the first human conceived outside the body.
The panel does not so much make recommendations as eliminate candidates, party officials say.
Still, the conventional wisdom holds true for some mutual funds.
No one is quite sure where she will play next season, what with the Women's United Soccer Association gone dormant because of financial problems.
To gain community acceptance, Grace volunteers her labor as Dogville's unpaid housekeeper, gardener, baby sitter, and all-purpose farmhand.
Murray and Scales deftly illustrate how the Army and Marine thrusts complemented each other, how the wide-ranging Special Forces operations supported the main advances, how the air campaign meshed with the ground operations, how the northern and southern fronts interacted and how the fighting at the forefront was influenced by the battles along the long lines of communication back to Kuwait.
Lee changed and improved the world by making flying safer and more comfortable for all the passengers and their families.
Its 53.9 rating beat Tampa's 52.7 and San Francisco/Oakland's 49.1.
Army investigators from Fort Rucker in Alabama were back at the crash site, analyzing the wreckage for clues, Fort Drum officials said.
Half an hour later, flanked by the four bodyguards, the boldest name at the It List Party departed.
Anyone worried that it's too late even to be a late bloomer can take heart in ''HAVING OUR SAY: THE DELANY SISTERS' FIRST 100 YEARS'' (1999).
The challenge places President Bush in essentially the same place President Ronald Reagan was after the Challenger explosion.
director, may be little more than a helpless bystander.
We're not in any urgency or pressure situation to do something.''
It's driving me crazy, actually.''
KINGS 117, WARRIORS 91: Scot Pollard had 15 points and 12 rebounds, and Peja Stojakovic scored 20 points to lead seven Kings in double figures as host Sacramento beat Golden State for the 14th straight time.
They epitomize what senior officials say is the box in which the United States finds itself when it comes to enforcing the Security Council's resolutions.
The indictments grew out of a two-year investigation during which state law enforcement authorities and the Norfolk Southern Railroad police followed the group's activities from theft to resale of the items.
Later, she blasts her absent father (''Unforgiven'') and defends abstinence (''Give It Up'').
Climb to the top of this converted ski jump and place your toboggan on the solid-ice runway.
The fourth lesson is to lower expectations that the son's war will end as quickly as the father's.
Such vagaries will increase the pressure on Mr. Wolkoff to keep costs in check for the relatively young New Urban mixed-use concept he is proposing.
The Supreme Court ruled today in a dispute between two filmmakers that once the copyright on a creative work has expired others may copy it and pass it off as their own without incurring liability under a provision of a federal unfair trade law.
There you can watch the ocean froth and foam like a giant curtain billowing in the wind.
''It was too perfect,'' she said, ''and up to that point his work was so poor.
They are not going to judge him by a cabinet member.
Nobody knew whether the format would succeed.
The show honors the centenary of the painter's death by exploring his intense, unabashed involvement with fashion.
IManage, a Foster City, Calif., business software company, is a perfect example.
Deeply mourned by his loving wife, Frances; sister-in-law, Marga; nephews, Michael and Robert, and untold colleagues and friends.
This personal manifesto by a liberal interventionist tries to chart a course between right-wing ''realists'' and left-wing ''anti-imperialists'' now that the totalitarian mental modes of Communism and fascism have been inherited chiefly by angry Muslims.
Dido was slipping deeper into her infatuation with Aeneas, posing a dangerous distraction from his predestined mission.
''She said: 'No, that's really simple-minded of you, and the reason it isn't is that in this film, everybody affects everybody.
At the same time, the company said that its TaylorMade-Adidas Golf unit had acquired the Maxfli brand of golf balls and accessories from the Dunlop Slazenger Group for an undisclosed price.
Bank of America said yesterday that it was laying off half its staff in Tokyo because of the continued downturn in Japanese markets.
Senator Charles E. Grassley, the Iowa Republican who is the chairman of the finance committee, has been pushing since early last year to penalize companies that set up a nominal headquarters in Bermuda and other tax havens.
Mr. English is not a run-of-the-mill graffiti maker.
''Sometimes when the cloud level is low, you can actually smell the fuel.
The music for ''Let's Be Still'' blended a hovering keyboard chord, a jazzy drumbeat, a handful of repeating piano notes and the improvisations of three members of the Sun Ra Arkestra.
''He knows what's going on here,'' Mr. Hale said.
''They're well prepared for it and looking forward to getting that, those supplies up there.''
MERTON-Robert K. It is with great sorrow that the American Academy of Arts and Sciences mourns the death of Robert K. Merton, distinguished sociologist, recipient of the Academy's Talcott Parsons Prize in the Social Sciences, and a Fellow of this society for over a half-century.
New Jersey child welfare advocates also say that they face another problem: the state is so highly suburbanized that it is difficult to maintain sustained political support for social service programs that are considered urban issues.
''These big companies have a lot of employees living in the county, and they've been getting our service free.''
Two men who identified themselves as the owners of 450 Logan Street would not comment on the killings when they were approached outside the building last night.
He has ordered more blitzes in the second half of the season, 10 to 25 a game; if he does so on Sunday, it will be important for the blitzers to contain Garcia in their rush.
His work in Korea was described by the American photographer Edward Steichen as ''the highest tide that combat photography has achieved.''
The Seychelles will start transferring prisoners to a high-security prison on Monday after a series of breakouts and robberies threatened to harm the safe destination image promoted by tourism chiefs.
Mr. Powell did not come in contact with a few small protest groups that demonstrated against his visit today.
But it's always been frustrating that this has been going on, but only a few select people have known of its existence.''
Ms. Tuttle's strong suit is pristine form in classical dancing: she triumphed in the ''Black Swan'' pas de deux of Act III, seducing both Mr. Corella's prince and the audience with her clarity of form and diamond-sharp virtuosity, including the required fouettés.
Reinstating the deductibility of the sales tax would also benefit primarily lower- and middle-income taxpayers who itemize their deductions.
''At the time this happened, Carl Lewis already had four gold medals from the Olympics,'' he said.
The restaurant chain receives prepared foods from a Chef Solutions plant in Ohio.
Cranes were to be brought in on Sunday.
''As a result of that experience, we worked first with the community and adjusted the designs based on their comments for our next project, which will be in Island Park and similar to that at Bridgeview.''
He will live in our hearts forever.
Dec. 31 JAPANESE STORY -- Which, of course, takes place in Australia.
''Yeah, I really feel we have an advantage there,'' Jefferson said.
In any case, Clemens continued to prove himself in 2000.
A potential backer asked if the scene was necessary.
Other studies, by contrast, have just compared winning cities with all other cities in the country and tried to control statistically for differences among them, or they simply calculated the cost per job created by the public subsidy.
Here Pickles, There Pickles The New York Food Museum's pickle festival will be held on Sunday from 11 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. on Orchard Street between Grand and Broome Streets.
The instructions in my Honda Odyssey manual, for example, recommend replacing the engine oil and filter every 7,500 miles unless you drive ''mainly'' under one or more of the following conditions: fewer than five miles a trip (or fewer than 10 in freezing temperatures); over 90-degree temperatures; extensive idling or stop-and-go traffic; heavy loads (like trailers or rooftop carriers); and muddy, dusty or de-iced roads.
Take this straightforward-seeming question: ''How did colonial women support the effort to stop using British products?''
The health organization said Vietnam had conquered the disease by identifying and isolating cases promptly, tracing their contacts, protecting medical workers, isolating suspected cases, screening travelers and quickly sharing information with other governments.
President Bush's top foreign policy advisers insisted today that all of the evidence available to them starting last October pointed to efforts by Saddam Hussein to revive his weapons programs.
All that wriggling to stay free means one thing, finally, in the Barney universe: work, work, work.
One such figure was the Buddhist monk known as Kuncan.
I hum a few bars from Arlo Guthrie's ''Alice's Restaurant.''
Loving mother of Barbara, Marc, and Daniel.
The Nets are also interested in Jim Jackson, and Reggie Miller has been mentioned as a long shot.
That was the highest in six months.
A New York-flavored follow-up, ''Don't Sleep in the Subway," was also written for her by Mr. Hatch.
After the fifth company ends its presentation on the second day, the five corporations will return to place their bids.
Wines by the glass change daily.
The thoroughness of the search, along with the savage nature of the killings, led to questions about whether drugs might have been involved.
''It also shows we are not only strong in artisanal manufacturing, but also in high tech.''
She takes information from ''a combination of dusty books and the Internet,'' combing tax lists, genealogical Web sites, town directories, even old newspapers and borough council minutes.
.4:52:39 21444 Lerman, L, 33F .
officials were quoted almost daily going far beyond Mrs. Whitman's simple statement.
Kenneth Brill, the American representative at the International Atomic Energy Agency, has accused Iran of ''aggressively pursuing a nuclear weapons program,'' and President Bush has warned that ''we will not tolerate the construction of a nuclear weapon'' in Iran.
And we'll tell their parents that they don't have to stay.
A fragment of a 1,400-year-old royal palace, it was damaged during the gulf war.
It went unnoticed by people talking on their cellphones, and by a man selling pictures of the World Trade Center and playing cards picturing Saddam Hussein and other former Iraqi leaders from a table on the sidewalk.
But it has also left Iraqis overwhelmed by the choices and struggling to figure out which news sources are believable.
There was pain everywhere, as if she were being tortured.
The audience knows that the movie does not take its violence seriously.
Survived by William and Teresa Peacock of Staten Island, NY, Robert J. and Julie Bodnar of Pearl River, NY, and Mary Beth and Brendan Thompson of Alexandria, VA. Mass of Christian Burial 10 AM, Wednesday, October 15, 2003, at St. Margaret's RC Church, Pearl River, NY.
Some of the confusion seems to stem from a notice posted at the wildlife area last year, calling the project a boon for hunters.
At 9:45 a.m., three others were wounded in a similar attack, but Central Command has not pinpointed the location.
''All his friends, they told him, 'Hey, you made a mistake.
Both of Culpepper's touchdown passes came on terrific plays by receivers.
The music was composed by Dorothy Rudd Moore, with a libretto by Amiri Baraka.
The MSN chat feature will continue to be available to paying customers in the United States, Japan, Brazil and Canada, but users must provide a credit card number.
When the cut is finished, he hops off and races over to a bucket of Blow Pops.
Investors bid the stock down 2 percent today to 4.01 Swiss francs ($2.93); it traded above 40 francs a share in early 2001.
The indictment yesterday followed by less than a week a juvenile court judge's ruling that Mr. Malvo could be transferred to the jurisdiction of Fairfax County Circuit Court for trial as an adult.
Mr. Sharpton has several problems that extend beyond the skepticism that people like Ms. Jackson feel toward his brand of politics.
''We got this stack of stuff,'' Mr. London said in a telephone interview.
Some financial-service institutions have separate units that specialize in helping nonprofits manage what money they have.
''I feel like I'm celebrating for the second time,'' said Hatten.
Still, ''we recommend and encourage options because the public does not have universal access to screening colonoscopy, and studies have shown that a significant proportion of the public prefers a different test.''
One spot opens with a wall of mud followed by a glimpse of the snout of a red F-150 peeking over a hill, before the camera itself is engulfed in dirt.
In this closing attraction, the Pepatian show will feature dance by 10 choreographers, among them Pedro Osorio and Alexandra Martorell.
His father was a mortgage banker, ''a man in a business suit, not a hot dog impresario,'' like Cal's father in ''Middlesex.''
My condolences to his wife, Jean, and his daughters Susan, Bonnie, Carol and Lois.
Was this an unusual bid to put himself in the frame?
''The technology only helps me in that it allows me to have four conversations at once,'' said Kristina A. Birkmayer, the logistical guru of the festival's visual design team and one of its leaders.
One of the world's top-ranked players, Sandra Landy of England, has ventured into a delicate area.
In fact, three older children had been removed and parental rights had been terminated.
He also said the scandal of child sexual abuse by American priests had undermined the credibility of some bishops, so ''American Catholics are at a low point in terms of their openness to exhortations from bishops or the pope on political or moral issues.''
''This boat, though, has great cultural significance.''
Mayor King said he had been pondering the notion of a performing arts center since taking office, but the notion was jump-started by Mr. Jackson's decision to put his name, energy and fund-raising abilities behind it.
The Democrats refused to agree to several routine bills and forced the House to take extra time on procedural matters.
In addition, Mr. Luxemburg said, the state's Public Service Commission has requirements that must be met when a building is converted to submetering from master metering.
Yet some are also pushing for the U.N. high commissioner for refugees to interview the North Koreans in China and offer asylum.
With a white-tablecloth lunch dwindling in importance for business meetings, what is taking its place?
In the bond market, the price of the 10-year note plunged 1 5/32 to 98 5/32 as the yield, which moves in the opposite direction, shot up to 4.10 percent, from 3.96 percent Wednesday.
Back in those days the young audiences that often sat through several showings of Gillo Pontecorvo's 1965 re-enactment of the urban struggle between French troops and Algerian nationalists, shared the director's sympathies for the guerrillas of the F.L.N., Algeria's National Liberation Front.
ON a July day in 1979, a jeep bearing Israel's agriculture minister, Ariel Sharon, raced up a steep road to the West Bank settlement of Elon Moreh, where devout Jewish nationalists were explaining to me how Genesis contained their ancient ancestors' deed to this land from God.
Prial, too, found it balanced, with good acidity, and Hesser called it a modest wine that awakens in your mouth.
Why do they do this?
With Crawford and Curry showing off, the Bulls, who shot 53 percent from the floor, grabbed a first-quarter lead of 12 points, a second-quarter lead of 14 points, and leads of 11 points in the third and fourth quarters.
''Black Watch is the default fallback,'' she said.
It is most important for girls to get it because only women get cervical cancer.
In an online survey of 2,645 adults conducted this month by the NPD Group, a market research firm in Port Washington, N.Y., 41 percent of the respondents said they planned to spend less than usual on discretionary products and services this spring, while 45 percent planned to spend about the same and only 14 percent planned to spend more.
''Yes, keepers feed the sea lions,'' said Kate McIntyre, a zoo spokeswoman, ''but they also have to clean and prepare the fish beforehand.''
One man held up his hand signaling the van to stop, and the driver finally came to a halt just short of where we stood.
Woods plans to keep working as well.
Several members of the state delegation to Washington, including a few Republicans, are angry with Mr. Pataki for what they see as the clumsy way he has handled lobbying President Bush and Congress for more aid to help prevent terrorist attacks.
Farmed salmon are here to stay, and Rebecca Goldberg, a senior scientist with Environmental Defense, said there are ways to make the process more environmentally friendly: raising the salmon in floating tanks that catch the waste, using second crops like oysters, mussels and seaweed that would make use of the waste.
The Internet is a convenience, not a necessity.
Two years ago, Richard Thomas presented a one-man, one-night performance of what would become ''The Opera'' at the Battersea Arts Center, which grew into a series of workshop performances with Stewart Lee as co-writer and director.
At the last minute the borough presidents of the Bronx, Queens and Manhattan temporarily blocked the move, apparently miffed that Brooklyn was getting such a prize.
But he appears indefatigable in making others take note of progress in creating a stable and democratic Iraq.
Land devoted to such crops grew 12 percent worldwide last year, to 145 million acres, an area two and a half times the size of Britain.
Beloved wife of Herman B.
Among the people left in Northfork are a religious zealot with two wives and a homemade ark, a shaggy minister (Nick Nolte) and a young boy named Irwin (Duel Farnes) who has just been returned to the town orphanage because of his chronic illness.
Tonight at 8; tickets are $10 (Sanneh).
It was the first time Mr. Ciampi, whose position is largely ceremonial, has declined to sign a bill for anything other than budgetary reasons.
One rhododendron, still in its pot, has added nearly a foot to its height.
''We simply don't know the value of the technology until after the fact.''
Mr. Jordan gives the proceedings a double-heist plot turn.
The author deepens his vision of Henry Townsend by gliding gracefully with the character back and forth through time, from his boyhood to the days after his funeral.
The book proposal presented what it called verbatim excerpts from the filming of ''Pumping Iron,'' in which the actor said he admired Hitler because he ''came from being a little man with almost no formal education up to power.
Not even half the members of the City Council faced challengers, and only about a fifth had serious races.
A memorial service will be announced at a later date.
Although there is less violence these days, East New York is still a violent place.
In 1973, when the hospital retired the Lloyd I.
In one, he wrote, ''It does not take Gertrude Stein to know that a contract is a contract is a contract.''
He received $470,129 in salary and benefits in the year that ended on June 30, 2001, the last year for which data is available.
I went to school that September with all these muscles.
Under the current guidelines, candidates for City Council must submit 900 valid signatures from voters registered in their political party.
In its latest issue, Foreign Affairs magazine reprinted what Dulles said, noting that the Truman administration had ''little clue'' how its occupation would turn out.
Denver Broncos -- Changed the tenor of the team by signing quarterback Jake Plummer.
''He looks real healthy,'' she said of Chief Warrant Officer David S. Williams, 30.
We kissed and said goodbye.
Wisely, Spencer-Fleming treats them with the same delicacy that she extends to Clare's forbidden love.
He read a passage about Ishmael, from whom Arabs are said to be descended: ''He will be a wild donkey of a man; his hand will be against everyone.''
The only condition was that the discussion during dinner could not be reported.
Perhaps the masterwork in the style was the little boudoir at the Château de Chantilly.
Will his supporters now stop the resistance, lay down their arms and surrender?
The court said the requirement, in a 2000 law, is a violation of the Fourth Amendment prohibition against illegal searches.
As for the positive, look to Minnesota, where Jacques Lemaire is a leading candidate for coach of the year with a third-year team that works and wins.
The first major influx of winter tourists arrived in 1921, when a winter carnival attracted 2,000 spectators and participants.
Charles F. Myers Jr., a former chairman and chief executive of Burlington Industries, died on Sunday at Wellspring Retirement Center in Greensboro, N.C.
According to Paul Kay, an emeritus professor of linguistics at the University of California at Berkeley, the relativists have simply overstated their claim.
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, who is seeking an alliance with local governments to tackle rising Medicaid costs, has invited the county executives of Nassau, Suffolk and Westchester to fly with him on his private plane to Albany today for the governor's State of the State address.
Mr. Schandler said it was ''a mission-driven decision'' rather than a revenue-generating one.
After World War II, the boys may have wanted to come home, but Truman kept American soldiers on guard around the world to defend free governments from Communist overthrow.
''We do body parts,'' Gabrielle Hamilton, the chef at Prune, said.
Officials at Subway said they began evaluating the company's beverage business about a year ago and ultimately decided that a single beverage distributor would best meet its needs.
She applauded concepts like bag lunches for working poor and frozen meals but added, ''We can all come up with innovative ideas but it comes down to the space and the facilitates to do it.''
Circuit City Stores declined 74 cents, to $10.34, after swinging to a quarterly profit even as sales fell slightly from a year ago.
Some also express concern at what they see as the relationship's one-sided nature.
In 1998, Nathan P. Myhrvold, then the chief technology officer of Microsoft, waxed eloquent in the pages of Vanity Fair about the pleasures of a customized Gulfstream V private aircraft, for which he paid $38 million.
Many makeshift planes crashed and the pilots died, but people took the risks.
Founded 126 years ago and housed on State Street for 80 years, the nondenominational Christian ministry operates on a budget of $4.5 million a year, mostly from churches, other religious organizations and private donors.
Part of the problem, he said, is that ''the federal government has never put up any real money for children's mental health services.''
It was long after Friday night had passed into Saturday morning, but for many in the club Arc, near the Holland Tunnel, the evening was still young.
Such buyers are the ideal targets for green builders.
Who are some famous Mexican-Americans?
He offered no details about when or where the demonstrations would take place, or the size of the crowds he expected, but he warned the American military to allow the protesting.
Our government knew that something like this could happen.
Transaction costs, such as the impact the fund's order might have had on the price of the stock being traded, are completely invisible.
Pilgrims believe, based on the date and the alignment of the Sun, Moon and Jupiter, that bathing in one of four locations across India will absolve them of their sins.
''I wanted to remain part of the community.
''No matter who wins, they always feel a little slighted.
Ms. Chao noted that the unemployment rate had dropped for two straight months, to 6.1 percent last month from 6.4 percent in June.
Downsizing during the economic downturn, Ms. Brown said, gave people like Ms. Hill the impetus to strike out on their own.
''We got 73 shots and we made 30.
But when Martin Luther presented his theses in 1517, within two weeks copies were all over Europe, thanks to the printing press.
His bad-boy behavior came to a temporary halt in November 1994 when Shakur, on trial at the time for the sexual assault and weapons violations, was robbed of $40,000 worth of jewelry and shot five times in the lobby of a Times Square recording studio.
For months, Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg has argued that closing the firehouses is needed to balance the city's budget.
While the fortepiano of Beethoven's era often struggles to be heard in large, modern auditoriums, Mr. Taub's performance will take place in the 125-seat Behr Hall, part of the school's new Clark Music Center.
At some point, however, one must acknowledge the inevitable.
Now, investigators say they believe Ms. Andino set her bedding on fire with a cigarette lighter.
A character in the book says, ''I'm not as cool or forgiving as I might have sounded''; Mr. Dylan sings, ''I'm not quite as cool or forgiving as I sound.''
I just don't buy that.''
''It was what I wanted to do, but I have been surprised that people like it as much as they do.
He said that on Long Island, many schools have bought defibrillators and have trained staff members to use them.
Mr. Castro -- a member of the unicameral National Assembly along with being president for 44 years -- says the country's voting is more democratic than those of other nations because turnout is high and campaigns do not involve large amounts of money and propaganda.
In Vietnam, it had no vehicles at all; it now is equipped with Humvees bristling with TOW antitank missiles and other arms.
''Besides, there is no lack of magicians, singers and lounge lizards to fill their spot.''
A man with the bubonic plague is showing signs of improvement but remains hospitalized in New York City, officials said yesterday.
The bank uses such measures to guide the rates banks charge one another for money, which have hovered around 0.3 percent.
William T. Cunningham, the mayor's director of communications, scoffed.
The clinic is expected to service 800 drug users a day, who will bring their own drugs.
Bonds was 3 for 4 in the game.
The governors' campaign for the House approach to drug coverage began two weeks ago with a letter to Representative Bill Thomas, Republican of California and chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, urging him ''to give special attention'' to the impact of the bill on those who would be affected.
''Honda sent us for training on how to sell younger people on the Element,'' said Peter Perrotta, a former Honda salesman who now sells Jaguars for Cherry Hill Classic Cars in New Jersey.
My team and I built a 2,000-square-foot room at the front of the building.
The company, based in Atlanta, was hurt by the evaporation of energy trading and accounting changes in the aftermath of the collapse of Enron.
But Johnson said he did not see running a men-only club as being discriminatory.
''I worked on Wall Street in the early- to mid-90's, and this practice was taking place then,'' said Frank Partnoy, professor of law at the University of San Diego and the author of ''Infectious Greed: How Deceit and Risk Corrupted the Financial Markets'' (Times Books, 2003).
Japan imports virtually all its oil and gas.
A Nasdaq hearing is scheduled for today to help determine whether the company should be delisted for failing to file the financial results.
BASKETBALL National Basketball Association CHICAGO BULLS--Placed G Jay Williams on the injured list.
One example mentioned is the fatal shooting of Amadou Diallo in the Bronx in 1999.
Jason Beck, a spokesman for the First Armored Division, said he had no further details.
The International Towing and Recovery Hall of Fame and Museum is scheduled to reopen Aug. 1 in a new location at 3315 South Broad Street; (423) 267-3132, www.internationaltowingmuseum.org.
She was then assigned to teach officers and enlisted Waves at U.S.S.
Out come a flock of Catholics who camp out and stage a be-in after every Marian apparition.
PAUL HOGAN, the real-life butler in the reality TV series ''Joe Millionaire,'' visited the house, on East 67th Street, to promote his new sponsor, Lysol.
Nevertheless, the prime minister's approach is everything Mr. Bush's is not.
He took his wife; his father, Tim; and youngest son, Charles, to Buckingham Palace nine years ago when Queen Elizabeth awarded him the Order of the British Empire.
Federal prosecutors in Manhattan said yesterday that they had broken up a Pakistani money-laundering operation that was being run from the basement of a restaurant in Midtown Manhattan.
In April 1999, an advertisement appeared in the Contract Reporter, a state-run newsletter available only by subscription.
Mr. Racey and Ms. Lemenager, for all their technical proficiency, have the dewy, unformed look of ingénues.
Then again, ''Dutch'' is very much the point.
Ten thousand people at the Dec. 5, 1955, kickoff rally for the famous Montgomery, Ala., bus boycott?
Also at the arcade Sargent Santiago, a 16-year-old who shares a couple of hundred Homies with his brother, said he did not understand why some people disliked the toys.
TONI KURASCH New York, Jan. 1, 2003
In New York, the show is on at 10 p.m. on the E!
Even so, given current conditions in the music market, and recent events in the European Court of First Instance, a music engagement that arrived second at the desk of Mario Monti, the European competition commissioner, would stand a better chance now than it would have three years ago.
Although it is neither a landmark nor among the best-known works of modernism, it has admirers like the preservation groups Friends of the Upper East Side Historic Districts and Docomomo.
However, in the gulf, a senior military official said that ''intelligence indicated that there would definitely be senior leadership, including Saddam Hussein, at a meeting in that structure,'' which he described as a house.
Another issue that may be confronted this week in Washington is how to approach North Korea -- whether one of the nations in the region should make contact in Pyongyang, North Korea's capital, or whether this should be done through North Korea's mission at the United Nations, or whether a different country or person should serve as an intermediary.
''They didn't experience liberal democracy as in Weimar Germany or in Italy but they did experience an effort to modernize their own countries according to the Western model,'' he said.
Is it because baby boomers came of age during a period when being cool was everything?
Last February, Pavel responded to an intriguing Web site that boasted of cleaning jobs in the United States paying four times what he was earning as a restaurant manager in the Czech Republic.
People had actually offered her a ride, but she said: "If they're too eager, you wonder.
Delacroix's elegantly mild portrait of Louis-Auguste Schwiter from 1826 attests to his admiration for the virtuosity of Thomas Lawrence, evident here in a ravishing portrait of Master Charles William Lambton that was widely admired in the Salon of 1827.
The consensus is that it looks better on paper than on clay, grass or cement.
After the purchase, Sunoco, which is based in Philadelphia, will have a 29 percent share of the 1.71 million barrels of daily refining capacity in a 17-state region of the East Coast, government figures show.
In fact, the entire committee system in Albany is notoriously fraudulent -- not just in the Republican Senate but also in the Democratic-controlled Assembly.
Annelise Sommerbeck Tufo, a daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Robert Peter Tufo of Duxbury, Mass., was married yesterday to William Brewster Blackall, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Brewster Blackall of Farmington, Conn.
Mr. Van Pelt even developed a grudging tolerance for moles, which wreak havoc on lawns but also devour Japanese beetle grubs.
They were made to finance a vast array of businesses.
''Whoo, boy, my parents must be going wild,'' First Lt. Jim Gleason, 25, of Cranston, R.I., said, glancing at a Stars and Stripes article announcing North Korea's latest military feints.
In the next room I found myself facing a mural of the World Trade Center, rising over marines sleeping on their packs and in crude cots.
Next, Sister Scalia will tell us it makes you go blind.
A kalamari and spanaki (squid and spinach) salad -- cooked, cooled, served at room temperature -- starred tender, succulent squid entangled in strands of spinach, the whole brightened with spurts of fresh lemon juice.
In the end, Golden State, despite playing without its leading scorer, Jason Richardson, was better, winning by 87-85.
''It just accelerated what was otherwise just a modest down day.''
Inundated with bloggers, they are finding that every clique now has its own Matt Drudge, someone capable of instantly turning details of their lives into saucy Internet fare.
That sounds about as realistic as somebody moving up from 20th in the short program to winning the gold medal after the long program.
''There's something about germs and bugs being transmitted invisibly that is a very powerful scary image for people,'' said Baron Lerner, a historian of medicine and internist at Columbia University.
In Japan, a group organizing a ''Peace Choice'' campaign is urging boycotts of products of American companies like Pampers, McDonald's and Ford.
Facing a $2.4 billion shortfall, Gov.
Most research scientists agree that it should be banned.
In those first chaotic minutes, officials in Woodbridge Township, N.J., evacuated hundreds of students from schools.
Burt Lancaster in ''The Rainmaker'' offers Miss Hepburn's character the moon, but she chooses to keep her feet on the ground.
Mr. Jiang, 25, pleaded guilty last month to computer fraud and software piracy.
Garage-rock two years ago was an up-and-coming trend: club promoters noticed that bands like the Hives and the White Stripes, in addition to the Strokes, the Vue and others were drawing growing audiences to high-octane live shows.
Should the resignation become final, Mr. Abbas would serve as head of a caretaker government while Mr. Arafat picked a successor.
The managers choose those stocks from a group of 140 market-power companies; typically, these are large American companies, although sometimes they are businesses that are dominant players in smaller industries.
Both Democrats and Republicans on the committee asked Mr. Donaldson whether the agency had sufficient resources and expertise to find and fix market problems.
Debbie Lombardi, president of Barter Business Unlimited, a retail trade exchange in Newington, Conn., is the host of an expo every year for members to show off their stuff, and a walk among the booths at the 2003 show in late October revealed an uncanny assortment of ventures, including pizzerias, art importers, photographers, florists, dog trainers, hotels, colleges, interior decorators and business consultants.
A formal announcement of the decision is expected at 11 a.m. today at a news conference at the World Financial Center's Winter Garden, adjacent to ground zero.
1'' (2001), a fiery work for piano and tape.
The city has long complained about the rent it receives from the Port Authority for use of the airports and the fees from the trade center site.
Sociometry was invented in the early 20th century by Moreno, who also, remarkably enough, founded group psychotherapy and psychodrama.
But they also attempted to prepare both Britain and the United States for tough fighting ahead that Mr. Bush said would ''demand further courage and require further sacrifice.''
Yes, they fall in love.
In ''Bellow,'' his biography of the author, James Atlas writes that Mr. Bellow was humbled to be toiling alongside hard-drinking literary heroes of the proletariat, like Algren and Jack Conroy, editor of the leftist journal The Anvil.
While most of the worshipers had left the mosque, he adds, ''it struck me that in some sense they were letting Islam and its spiritual message of a God of mercy and compassion be hijacked.''
Boomboxes, by contrast, run out of battery power faster than the digital buglers in cold weather, creating embarrassing silences in the middle of funerals.
's global finance group tumbled 18 percent (24 percent after currency translation) to $672 million, in part because of declining interest rates on the loans I.B.M.
STILL HOLDING By Bruce Wagner.
Aquariums rarely go to war in New York, but of course for decades, the New York Aquarium on Coney Island has boasted the biggest tanks.
In a written statement submitted as a complement to his testimony, he described the effort to find the money as a ''time-consuming, laborious and potentially dangerous task.''
Anderson followed Thomas with 18 points, and Houston added 17 despite playing on a sore left ankle.
World Trade Organization talks in Cancún broke down when a group of 20 developing nations challenged the contention by the United States and Europe that current trade rules are effective in the fight against poverty in the poorest nations.
''There was a total sales lift right across the board,'' he said.
In a speech in 1933, Einstein said that being a lighthouse keeper would be a good occupation for a physicist.
''It was not sad, but autumnal,'' Mr. Beatty said.
All the quotations allow the book's elusive narrator -- and its author -- the importance he wants, making reference to ''Philip Marlowe, the Invisible Man, Franz Kafka or Bernardo Soares'' (one of the assumed names of the great Portuguese poet Fernando Pessoa).
Besides ginkgo, supplements promoting brain power often include vitamin E, another nutrient being tested in a large-scale study of patients with mild mental impairment; huperzine, a moss extract from China; phosphatidylserine, a fatty substance found in nerve cell membranes; and ginseng, a popular herb.
Part of what makes Carrie Stoudemire so tough is that nothing in her past will embarrass her into receding into the woodwork.
But her refusal to seek an outside prosecutor to investigate charges of campaign finance irregularities in President Bill Clinton's re-election campaign in 1996 permanently damaged Ms. Reno's standing in the capital.
Elayne Engler, owner of Academic Tutoring and Testing in St. Louis Park, Minn., says that one teenage client needs just 10 hours of tutoring a week.
A haunting slogan from the golden days of radio, spoken by the disembodied voice on ''The Shadow,'' was the boast: ''Who knows what evil lurks in the hearts of men?
''Grand Union tried to sell their lease to another supermarket, but it didn't happen, and we took back the lease and started from zero,'' Mr. Zuckerbrot said.
I stayed in St. Louis and went to Washington University; that let me help take care of my sisters and my father.
How Rockefeller Center came to be, and its dramatic ascent in the popular imagination, are the subject of ''Great Fortune,'' an absorbing, brightly written history by Daniel Okrent, who was a longtime top editor at Time Inc. Okrent delves into the history and pulls out an array of intriguing men, most of them little known, who have greater bragging rights to Rockefeller Center than the man whose name it bears.
Earnings Increase 13% at PepsiCo PepsiCo reported a 13 percent increase in its first-quarter earnings and attributed the growth to strong sales at its Frito-Lay North America unit, cost savings from its merger with Quaker Oats and the sale of a pasta business.
Ms. Shelton said she imagined a studio with glass walls that would allow passersby to observe rehearsals.
Steve will be remembered as the adoring husband of Carolyn, loving father, grandfather, stepfather and brother.
James Fitzgerald, an associate minister at Riverside and the protest organizer.
A dimension of damage and ruined dreams opens up where before there were ordinary buildings and trees and the beginnings of spring.
''They not only give you more bulk and a higher plane of view; they can also do things that sedans can't, like skip over a curb.''
He is looking for something, anything, to keep this season from being a complete washout.
She joined them on shopping outings dressed in a burka and she accompanied them to the hammam, the public baths.
The bridegroom is a law professor at Hofstra University in Hempstead, N.Y.
The show is essential viewing for anyone interested in popular culture past or present.
.3:34:03 2870 Morrow, J, 32F .
But as Warren Buffett found out when he urged Arnold Schwarzenegger to make the overhaul of Proposition 13 the centerpiece of his gubernatorial campaign, even suggesting changes to that infamous initiative is forbidden.
As more than 4,000 doctors chanted and waved placards like seasoned strikers, members of the State Senate's health and commerce committees huddled in a series of closed-door meetings, trying to broker a settlement that would return doctors to the nonemergency appointments and operations that thousands have canceled since the slowdown began on Monday.
I come here to participate.''
'''The Rupturing of the Social Contract With Respect to Gum Disposal.'''
Now there is little to cheer about, as investors who once were able to see only the positive now seem transfixed by what could go wrong.
Who is Sovereign Asset Management, and what does it want with SK Corporation, South Korea's biggest oil refiner?
''I think she can wait till morning,'' the mother said.
For long stretches it stayed empty.
They've been filming you for four months, and they only got one workout?
But when Stephen Kaye, a member of Valley Farmers, a small livestock cooperative in the Hudson Valley, shows up, Mr. Pasternack takes what he can get.
And at the plate, it seemed he was in control at all times.
By the end, the All-Blacks' play had disintegrated.
The country's seeming inability to stamp out corruption and tax evasion has made investors skeptical of its fiscal discipline, and the Philippine peso is trading near record lows against the dollar.
''I just don't agree,'' she said.
Make a 7:30 p.m. reservation and it may arbitrarily be changed to 7:45, because ''that's when our seating is'' and don't be surprised if it's 8 or 8:15 before a table is available.
Early this month, tourism officials in America and in Warsaw said it was too early to give detailed plans for the city's celebration of National Independence Day, marking the departure of the occupying Germans in 1918, at the end of World War I.
Movie ads also often contain raves from little-known critics who bless just about anything, even some critical dogs like the John Travolta film ''Battlefield Earth.''
McKeon's Marlins did not waste any time showing the Yankee Stadium crowd why they are in the World Series.
Notre Dame's Luke Watson, a senior from Stillwater, Minn., won the 5,000-meter run yesterday in 14:14:14 after taking the 3,000-meter steeplechase Saturday, leading the Fighting Irish to the men's team triumph in the Big East championships at Storrs, Conn.
KENT -- [Screams] I know!
It is light, nutty and a even a dash salty, an echo of the cheese and anchovies.
Cowen says the coalition believes the computer rankings have held back worthy non-B.C.S.
A memorial service will be held at St. John's Episcopal Church, Niantic, Connecticut, in the summer of 2004.
In 2002 and the first part of this year, insiders, who are mainly executives and members of corporate boards, sharply curtailed their selling of company stock for the first time since 1997, according to Thomson Financial, a research company.
(AP) WEST VIRGINIA 35, B.C.
Although the documentary doesn't mention it, Junoon was banned from Pakistani television and radio from 1996 to 1999 after recording a song called ''Accountability,'' which criticized government corruption.
He entered our lives and all of a sudden he's transferred away.''
Because the first images were taken before the telescope could cool down and fully focus, a process that takes about a month, later pictures are expected to be sharper.
This cabinet is confident about the future of our country.
Telephone messages left last night at the offices of lawyers for most of the defendants were not returned.
The show ended in just 20 minutes, and before people even made a move for their coats, Ms. Wintour took three lightning quick strides and was gone.
It felt weird, because the defenders were just standing around, but I kept going.''
Jeter was injured during the Yankees' hot start, and according to catcher Jorge Posada, he challenged his teammates.
Since Mr. Pacino has been involved in some nasty custody battles lately with BEVERLY D'ANGELO, the mother of his young twins, we asked if he had based his interpretation of Mr. Cohn on any lawyers he knew.
With the separatists weaker than they have been in decades, unions representing 1.2 million workers have at least temporarily become the most important leftist force in a province that has long been Canada's most social democratic one.
Purchased the contract of C-1B-OF Josh Loggins from Washington of the Frontier League.
But interviews with the jury suggest that they might not have any better luck a second time.
That's when Kathleen (Valerie Bertinelli), a nurse, comes to believe that Hank is her long-lost brother, and an angel named Max (Peter Falk) intervenes in ''Finding John Christmas'' (tonight at 9 on CBS).
It's just a matter of us making a decision.''
(One revelation: If a cat looks overweight, it is.)
This week a committee appointed by the Bush administration will hold its final meetings before submitting its recommendations for changing the law to Secretary of Education Rod Paige.
''You turn your back on it and ignore.
Because of varying school schedules, it is difficult to determine the total number of classes throughout the system.
Since the war in Iraq began, some governments in the region have increased maritime security.
Policy, too, was friends with Davis until a falling out in 1992, when Policy, then the San Francisco 49ers president, hired the offensive coordinator Mike Shanahan after Shanahan had been fired by Davis in 1989.
''Muhammad may have done that with his brief time before the jury.''
–Who might be harmed by the messages sent by this type of show?
But he could guarantee this: it would not be one of the Jewish parties.
Contrast brings complexity, he said, and rather than the cool, spare, monochromatic rooms of the last decade, textures animate the décor.
If the State of Florida had an ounce of decency, they would be trying to find more parents like them.''
BEST DISHES -- Pickled octopus salad; crisp lamb's tongue with cranberry beans; grilled country sausage; shrimp with cabbage and calamari salad; moussaka; taramosalata; tzatziki; braised lamb shoulder; braised goat; grilled pork medallions; roasted striped bass; yogurt with honey and semolina cake.
Long, long pauses, trapping men together in a cramped corner of a vast desert, reducing conversation to the common denominators of most young American males: sports, beer drinking records, funny lines from movies, sex.
''There were very high expectations about the conduct of the war and enormous confidence in the military forces; we've all had drummed into us how superior they are,'' said Lee Hamilton, the former Democratic head of the House International Relations Committee.
Another worry, some diplomats and experts say, is that inaction by the reformers could lead to greater support for nationalist candidates.
His father is a partner in Merriweather & Good, an architectural and interior design practice in Long Beach, N.Y.
If Hewitt is no longer No.
But the point you're making that I'm slowly getting is that as opposed to Bill, for instance, or maybe male assassins in other movies, all these women came to violence because of something that happened to them.
There is also, of course, a kinship with the early 20th-century French art song composers.
Loving father of Robert, John, Sandra, Barbara and the late Frank.
Eventually, the house and buildings were put out to bid for materials and the remaining debris was bulldozed and buried.
Some of the stations are Flagstaff, Ariz.; Albuquerque and Las Vegas, N.M.; Dodge City, Kan.; and Kansas City, Mo.
''I thought they got their running game started a little bit and he ran out of the pocket,'' Jets Coach Herman Edwards said of McNabb.
She also worked with bands led by well-known figures like Ozzie Nelson, and in World War II appeared with the Glenn Miller Orchestra.
''I took a bus to 86th Street, and there was a delicatessen called High Tulip.
''Atlantic readers are people too, and they have the same natural instincts,'' Mr. Sullivan said.
We thrived off all of that testosterone.
More than just flexible or adaptable, he is also independent.
To buttress their case, the Texas group went to Norway in May and, using Munch's sketches, other paintings and old maps, pinpointed the spot where the artist was standing when he made his original sketch.
Note: Miso and shoyu is sold in specialty food stores and at Katagiri, 224 East 59th Street: (212) 755-3566.
With 10 days to go until the draft, it still seems more likely that the Jets will decide that their offense has enough tools to win and that they can get a receiver in the second round, as long as their defense is good enough.
Norwich officials, however, expressed doubts that the city had enough undeveloped land to accommodate the warehouse.
Of course, sociometry yields more than just the kind of complex sociograms, or charts, that, he says, ''as often as not look like a plate of spaghetti.''
Mr. Soloway said Canada's marriage reform would go a long way to changing public perceptions and attitudes in the United States, although he added that the march to full acceptance would be slow.
Barton, along with the Gambrinus Company, shares importing duties for the Modelo Group, which includes Mexican beers like Corona Extra and Corona Light, Modelo Especial and Pacífico.
Her first career was in banking; later she was a consultant and speaker.
The Silos brought a stately touch of country to their New York rock in the 1980's and have grown noisier since then.
If there was a disaster, how can we get 56,000 people out on two corridors that are only two lanes wide?''
INTERNATIONAL A3-11 War News Summary B2 Muslims in France Struggle With Many Identities France, with the highest percentage of Arabs and Muslims in Europe, faces twin identity crises: that of the nation itself and that of its Muslims, who feel alienated from mainstream France and split among themselves by ethnicity, history, religiosity, politics and class.
But there was that nagging problem of clearing the ghosts of the dot-com past, the Rosens said.
He is survived by two daughters, Anne May Berwind and Catherine May Dias; a grandchild; and a brother, Jacques.
Although Ms. Didion grew up on romantic stories about the pioneers' self-reliance and daring, she later came to understand that self-interest, even carelessness was a strong component in that frontier narrative as well, that ''the settlement of the west, however inevitable, had not uniformly tended to the greater good, nor had it on every level benefited even those who reaped its most obvious rewards.''
The county's health system is the largest safety net for the uninsured in the nation, and more than 2.5 million people receive treatment from it every year.
Leave it to the leisure class to spend an hour and 15 minutes deep-breathing its way into the perfect down dog.
I was well on my way to blowing my budget.
''I'm going to go over there and play my heart out,'' he said.
If the economy continues to weaken and job cuts continue, consumers could eventually pull back their spending more sharply, setting off a vicious cycle that could include deflation.
In a large saucepan, heat the remaining tablespoon of oil over medium heat.
Tomorrow and Sunday at noon and 2:30 p.m., ''The Little Italy History and Tasting Tour''; fee: $17, includes food.
Yugoslavia, a country that will forever be associated with war in the Balkans, was consigned to the history books last month when its leaders agreed to a rebranding exercise imposed by the European Union to stop it from subdividing further.
Unlike most accused rapists, an accused athlete typically asserts his claims through a press conference, putting his accuser on the defensive and touching off pretrial press coverage where the accuser is vilified as an opportunist out to seek fame or money by filing a false rape complaint.
Nancy Pelz Paget, a gardener in Redding, Conn., has repeatedly been seduced by steep fall markdowns on things like gaura (a k a beeblossom, a native plant common in much of the South) and caryopteris (a flowering shrub that attracts butterflies) -- only to have them just as repeatedly vanish before springtime.
''Don is doing a good job, particularly when it comes to the strategy of the team,'' Dolan said yesterday.
In her current civil suit, Mrs. Bernoskie seeks to recover a financial award from Mr. Zarinsky.
They were organizing the brutal physical extermination of a whole people.
At the end of the day, the cap is supposed to be returned to the firehouse it came from.
A collection of essays by the novelist, poet and short-story writer.
Morris Inc., 46 Greenwich St, Hempstead, New York.
The Iraqis may someday enjoy those more advanced varieties of freedom.
.4:48:54 20383 Barnard, N, 26M .
.5:45:06 30767 Coates, J, 40F .
''That is not something we have traditionally done,'' he said.
I guess I'm not going to cook for a crowd.''
Grounds of the Eagleton Institute, George Street and Ryders Lane, New Brunswick.
After speaking briefly to his mother, Brian hung up and attacked Bridget.
(+) 5 2 BIAS, by Bernard Goldberg.
He said that the first three years Giovanni's Room was open, Mr. Rodwell would help the shop buy its books and even drive them to Philadelphia.
Elegantly dressed women banged pots and pans in protest, and as a sign of mourning for those killed over the past week, many businesses hung the red-yellow-and-green Bolivian national flag with black ribbons added in the center or black bunting put around the edges.
The agreement coincided with the designation of the Episcopal cathedral as an official landmark.
Also arriving from Hoboken were Anthony Gardner, Bruce DeCell and Patricia Reilly, all wearing yellow ribbons in memory of relatives killed on Sept. 11.
''Plays have fates like people do.
CALGARY FLAMES--Signed D Jesse Wallin.
I took the job and spent the next 18 years in the firm's Birmingham office.
A snapshot of the Nets after the All-Star Game break, however, does not look quite so harmonious.
The other way to avoid service is to admit to a fixed opinion about the death penalty.
He is also survived by seven children, ten grandchildren and his brother and sister.
You can do it much faster and better, but we do things carefully and slowly.''
The dueling news conferences on Saturday caused a swirl of activity in the usually quiet marble hallways of the State Capitol.
In World War II he served in the Marine Corps, assigned to the Office of Strategic Services.
In a recent 21-minute speech at the White House on the environment, he mentioned jobs or the economy more than 20 times.
But Zeile, the veteran Yankees infielder, noted his consistency in games played as well as production.
He opted for the butterfly.
''I hand-pick them,'' he said.
Vibrant, Goodhart said, concluding it was the result of good winemaking.
Beloved husband of Beatrice, adored father to Roslyn Wiener and Ellen Radutzky Stockel, loving grandfather to Sanford Wiener, Amy Wiener, Giulia Stockel, Bruno Stockel and great-grandfather to Jacob and Madeliene Wiener.
The commission hires the executive director.
They had fallen 23 percent this year.
On a recent weekday here, the headquarters of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, one of those groups, was full of young men, some coming and going, others milling about.
The army did not immediately explain the turnabout.
No one can say right now what further delights, if any, Week 4 and thereafter might bring, if the program is deemed successful.
That revisited an earlier controversy over which faction gets credit when things go well: Steinbrenner's Tampa advisers or Torre's major league staff.
''He's funny, he has a huge vocabulary, he's willing to try anything,'' she said.
But Rachel said their marriage was more than about parenthood, adding: ''I love the stability of our relationship.
For the second time in five days, Dale Earnhardt Jr. won the privilege today of standing atop the door of his red Chevrolet at Daytona International Speedway and whooping.
Somehow I felt that they had been burned by life, and the world, that they had to get away and be by themselves.''
Over rice and fish in the evenings, Dr. Savioli said, they had joked, ''Nobody at headquarters was going to believe we were spending our days in the Maldives over fecal samples.''
It had more horsepower than the dealers let on, and the first buyer ordered this custom factory-painted hue: Grabber Orange with a slick reflective white stripe.
It is a patrician beauty that is indigenous to socially registered enclaves like Palm Beach and Southampton, a sporty, outdoorsy look that eschews makeup, hair spray and anything trendy.
''Trading partners of the U.S. need to boost their growth.''
A second change in the operation involves how the teams are conducting searches.
While its goal of catching terrorists is just, special registration has become a blunt instrument overturning the lives of scores of well-meaning individuals and their families.
To make the camera easy to use, however, Concord made some tradeoffs.
Abdullah, a 22-year-old student who was training to be an imam, or priest, hesitated when asked if he had any message for Americans.
Three crossed sticks of split bamboo give it a six-sided shape as broad as a manhole.
Here, however, it is good to turn to Richard Falk and ''The Great Terror War.''
But those cases were different in two ways, according to the Texas appeals court.
Mr. Noel expects revenue growth of 20 percent this year and 25 percent next year.
Later she emerges as the camera-shy wife of the American ambassador and draws the attention of a guileless photographer (Antonio Banderas) in a film that makes little narrative sense but ''is far more absorbing and tantalizing than most of the plodding, overworked thrillers the studios churn out these days'' (Scott).
Richard Donadio, 75, said that he was shoved and knocked to the ground last month when he and a small group of neighbors confronted the father of a scooter rider.
He explains that he may go through three or four outfits in a day because of the range of people he meets, from gallery owners to landlords of major buildings.
The two nations, which were carved from one, have been sparring over Kashmir since their founding more than a half century ago.
Investigators believe the attackers were all members of the cell that was disrupted on May 6, when they apparently realized their safe house was under surveillance and came out shooting.
The dryness of the air, the heat at night -- it drives people crazy.
''Here, in the name of fighting the war in Iraq, they loaded up the bill with pork-barrel spending.
For three weeks, we checked the mother (naming her Coo) mornings and evenings while we eagerly awaited the arrival of the first chick.
REDGRAVE: I think the sons are.
Two will be built next to Waterway's current docks in Weehawken and Midtown.
Like many premium California wineries, Ridge has several tiers or levels of quality.
''It looks like it's booby-trapped,'' she said disapprovingly, and said that her lawn, which features a light-encrusted reindeer bolted to a tilted piece of plywood to simulate takeoff, was practically bulb-free by comparison.
.4:01:56 8177 Avignone, R, 44M .
He uses the subliminal, masochistic anger common among stand-up comics to illuminate the essential self-disgust in Bri, his sad awareness of his moral limitations.
For most of its history, the country, which was founded in 1847 by offspring of American slaves, had been a virtual United States protectorate.
So Officer Duffy fired another dart.
Is it too much to hope that we might do the same on our own shores?
The states invested the funds and hoped the returns would cover increases in tuition.
It is considered noblesse oblige.
If you don't like the death penalty, then abolish it.''
Detective Alex Cross and his partner, John Sampson, try to prove that one of Sampson's oldest friends has been framed for murder.
Though his stage presence and monotone were perhaps more suited to testimony before a Congressional committee, the crowd responded with cheers.
Victor Matsuda, vice president of the Entertainment Robot of America division of Sony, predicted that some people would use the toy to keep tabs on activity at home.
For one thing, the incumbents have served less than two years, apparently causing insurgent candidates to see them as vulnerable.
Martin Luther King Jr., eventually led him to leave the firm and accept the governor's offer.
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority said yesterday that it planned to make substantial changes in the next few months in the way it reports its financial plans.
Downscaling an Eakins It is becoming almost commonplace for paintings to end up at public auction after they have been overpriced by dealers or by auction houses trying to sell them privately.
In a bowl, toss chicken with salt, pepper, curry, allspice, garlic, chili, egg and 2 tablespoons water.
This model was coming to an end even before the war in Iraq.
Last week, a spokesman for the city's Department of Environmental Protection, which oversees the water system, said the hydrants had all been dismantled by now except ''maybe one or two in the Wall Street area,'' where the work is tied to water-main upgrading that has been slowed by the September 2001 terrorist attack.
A1 Carolina Plane Crash Kills 21 A commuter plane traveling from North to South Carolina nosedived seconds after taking off, slamming into a maintenance hangar and killing all 21 people on board.
Like many, I'm still waiting for the original ''Pennies'' to be released on DVD (as well as the Steve Martin-Bernadette Peters movie).
and $1,300 in the consumer-driven plan, according to Pattie Duca, Pharmacia's executive director of global benefits.
''The F-150 is a truck,'' wrote a man who identified himself as Matthew from Stillwater, Okla., ''not a freaking glorified car.''
Across the Arab world, the ambiguity that has shadowed the entire American effort to replace Iraq's totalitarian government was reinforced by the indignity of Mr. Hussein's capture.
The show will be chronological, beginning with an elevator grille designed by Louis Sullivan for the Chicago Stock Exchange, built in 1893-94 and demolished in 1972.
The Iraqi authorities and neighbors said as many as 14 civilians had been killed in the attack and scores wounded.
The fight currently being waged deals with an issue called ''new source review,'' and its roots can be traced back three decades, to adoption of the Clean Air Act.
''When it rains, we get wet.
Wells testified that he was eating breakfast in an Upper East Side diner when Graziosa cursed at him, mocked his weight and made remarks about his late mother.
Their continuing resistance made clear the difficulty the White House faces in its attempt to win explicit new authorization from the United Nations Security Council for military action.
They have also attracted prominent conservatives like William J. Bennett, the Reagan administration secretary of education, who is chairman of Walden's educational advisory board.
''I love to throw things out,'' said Barbara Humes, the bookkeeper at County Carting in Oceanside, as we chatted about organizing.
''Obviously, it would be important for me to find a way to win on Sunday, but I've got to say that being in position to give myself that opportunity is something I also value.''
She seems to be following the path of another well-known senator with a prominent husband, Hillary Rodham Clinton.
'Give 'em hell, boys,' he shouts behind them.
Like first-generation car owners, first-generation credit card holders have more than their share of financial wrecks.
Th vaults will also feature a kaleidoscopic array of documents and images from July 20, 1969, the day Neil Armstrong walked on the moon, ranging from the diary of an American soldier who heard about the event while on patrol in Vietnam to records detailing the inner workings of the space program.
''Extasis'' (1993) includes interviews with musicians, including the violinist Yehudi Menuhin, the pianist Anton Kuerti and some younger Canadian players, as well as critics and friends, all of them enlisted to proclaim Gould's genius.
Questions about racial disparities always hover over the debate about the death penalty, although some analysts have said that in many states the disparities in treatment of defendants is based not on their race but on the race of their victims.
We braced ourselves for the fire, and tossed it back.
''I think that was three good bounces all used up in one hole.''
The bridegroom's previous marriage ended in divorce.
Overall transaction costs are rising, even though spreads are down, because investors have to break up large trades to get them done and prices often move against them while they are doing so.
Memorial contributions to: the United Negro College Fund, the Coalition for the Homeless, Integrity House and St. Elizabeth Ann.
Nor could she leave early, since she was responsible for securing the day's receipts.
And he trusts his three sons, his brother, his nephews, two brothers-in-law and his son-in-law to keep an eye on every aspect of the business.
Though the system has loosened of late, to the point where C.B.A.
The fourth-seeded Moya beat 13th-seeded Jiri Novak of the Czech Republic, 7-5, 6-3, 6-2.
''He did this in a couple matches: to get treatment when he was a set down,'' Schuettler said.
To be sure, being a mayor in tough times is bound to involve making unpopular decisions.
Last year more than 6,000 children took part in the Friendly Town program, with about 2,000 visiting towns in New York or Pennsylvania.
Despite his expressions of outrage, Judge Tomei gave Father Nelson a lighter sentence than the six months prosecutors had requested.
With yesterday's cloudy skies, Edwards folded a maroon rain suit into Watson's bag.
''It seems that the English train system is not prepared to deal with anything,'' said Mr. Rolph, 24.
''Frank is globally in the top four in downloads,'' she said.
Those think tanks argued that keeping track of emission reductions would make it easier for a future administration to introduce a real global warming policy: companies that had accumulated credits might favor measures that gave those credits some value.
When this was raised to two spades, East doubled, a slightly surprising action.
Ellen Kapit is in a similar fix.
Dave Jones of Mount Vernon and Martin Williams of Port Chester reported seeing a fisherman on the run recently from the Muscoot Reservoir in Somers.
Ms. Hammad's slice of red velvet cake is packed up.
The band's breakthrough hit is ''Bring Me to Life,'' which floats like a butterfly, stings like a bee and then hits like a brick.
He taught music this semester in an after-school program for children run by the Union Settlement, a social service organization.
Like Morris, he is a veteran of combat in Clinton's cause, but remains in uniform.
ensures that an at-large team ranked up to No.
The Association of Computing Machinery plans to announce today that Ronald L. Rivest, Adi Shamir and Leonard M. Adleman will receive the 2002 A. M. Turing Award for their development work in public-key cryptography.
A Chinese immigrant who assumed the identity of a dead man to reap the benefits of his American citizenship was sentenced to six months in prison yesterday by a federal judge in Manhattan who described his fraud as elaborate and carefully planned.
Mr. de Menil also noted that the historic-district regulations do not grant the town's Architectural Review Board any authority inside the building.
The effects of the quake were widely dispersed, with at least 50 miles of coastline affected, and the distribution of the destruction was telling.
It is just the reporting of them that is increasing, they say, now that the rail lines are larger and publicly owned and touch on more and more commuter lives in the state's sprawling suburbs.
Colonel Husband, who flew on one earlier shuttle mission, is a member of the Red Team, which includes Colonel Ramon; Dr. Laurel Salton Clark, a Navy commander and physician on her first space flight; and Dr. Kalpana Chawla, an aerospace engineer who was part of a 1997 shuttle crew.
Their articles were also cited with regard to the $3.8 billion accounting error that WorldCom reported last year.
7) or online, courtesy of CharityWave.com, an Internet donations service, at www.nytimesneediest.charitywave.com.
''All of a sudden the ship starts to move and you're caught with a belly full of food and alcohol.
The room screams 80's: beige wallpaper, beige wall-to-wall carpet and a beige bed.
Nevertheless, the area took in an overflow of artists who flocked to Williamsburg 15 or so years ago, and it continues to make room for bohemians and young professionals, thanks to its cleanliness and reasonable rents.
None of the transcripts released yesterday show any messages from Mr. Ortiz, but they are clearly incomplete.
But after seeing him on the 'Tonight' show, I'm going take a look at the record again.
Lead times are very low right now for these products.
Her husband, Eric Eisner, an English professor, has brought the satin, rolled up between two narrow planks.
THE UNKNOWN NIGHT The Madness and Genius of R. A. Blakelock, an American Painter.
It's worth whatever dining strategy you can employ to save room for the cheesecake, which is so famous locally that Mr. Taormina sells dozens of them in 14-inch wheels at $95 each.
But unmapped roads are not, de facto, dead ends.
''I want to say goodbye to Dr. B. before I go off to college.''
2 2 4 CROSSROADS OF TWILIGHT, by Robert Jordan.
While the number of visitors this January was 23 percent higher than in 2002, February attendance dropped to 2 percent below the same period last year.
Despite his debilitating illness, which requires him to take some 150 pills a day, Edwards declined to accept the option of using a golf cart in the Open.
The administration continues to press for savings, like reducing everyone's vacation days by three; that would save the city an estimated $140 million a year.
''But those cats are worth $150,000, and I intend to get them back.''
Barnard College opened in the fall of 1889, taking over a small brownstone on Madison Avenue at 44th Street to be near Columbia's campus, then at 49th and Madison.
DAN ISRAEL Boulder, Colo., Aug. 12, 2003 The writer, a lawyer, represents tribes on river restoration issues.
The current corporate average fuel economy system requires each automaker's annual fleet of passenger cars to average 27.5 miles a gallon.
Dear Diary: Scene: An overcast evening on the cusp of summer, a brief break from the days of chilling rain.
''He is most of all a singer, and as an actor, he hasn't done very good films.''
There are Asian and Middle Eastern touches, so while it feels French, it falls into that catchall international category known as contemporary.
Sculpture has been a particularly strong area of the market in recent years, but last night the results were mixed.
Israel would relinquish its claim of sovereignty over the site, which Jews call the Temple Mount.
''Wally and Beaver are all grown up now,'' Mr. Sharpe said.
In reality, neither the Senate nor the House legislation would achieve this.
.4:26:50 14403 Squilloni, P, 36M .
He threw 100 pitches in his last start, at Boston last Wednesday, when he left after six innings after having been struck on the right hand by a line drive.
She paved the way for future hardcore female rappers, including Foxy Brown and Eve, but some music critics say that she became too much of a fashionista, lost focus on her music and her career suffered, as shown by the disappointing sales of ''Notorious K.I.M.''
Benchmarks: Uses style and structure appropriate for specific audiences and purposes; Writes expository compositions (CTSS – ‘english’, ‘6-8’, ‘1’) Language Arts Standard 4- Gathers and uses information for research purposes.
But Lopez pitched one of his best games and we couldn't get anything going.''
Department stores have been particularly hard hit as they try to compete with chain stores like Wal-Mart and Target, which have recently improved their clothing offerings.
Her lawyer, Michael Q. Carey, explained last week that it had resulted from other court rulings.
The three scenes were shot in one day and with a crew of 150, said Danielle Spring, director of the Yonkers film office.
As he sings about American myths and cheating hearts, his band revs up classic honky-tonk with punk power chords, barreling down the lost highway with a full gas tank and no muffler.
Mr. Blackwell, who in 1959 founded the independent Island Records, the original home to Bob Marley and U2, likens file sharers not to shoplifters, as the major labels do, but to grass-roots promoters whose efforts eventually increase sales.
The Timberwolves nearly upset the Los Angeles Lakers this season before making their seventh consecutive first-round exit, four games to two.
At times this season, Swin Cash and her Detroit Shock teammates wanted to know why their coach, Bill Laimbeer, had such a nostalgia bent.
''Somebody pushed me, and I was turned around and then pushed out the door.''
The Legislature, acting despite a threat of a veto by Gov.
Chief Marquis said the city lost nearly 50 officers in 2002 and is facing the possibility of losing more than 100 who are eligible for retirement this year.
People are keeping more of their own money, and that's really important for economic growth.''
In addition to making sure the family understands that an operation is new, the process requires that other doctors evaluate the idea and judge it reasonable.
''I'll have Doug Morris call McDonald's right away.''
Budget pressures and administrative shuffles add to the pressure on the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the report suggests.
This wrecked South's communications, and she could not unblock the diamonds effectively.
But besides the 1978 vampire movie ''Martin,'' opening the series at 1 p.m. Saturday, followed by the zombies of ''Night of the Living Dead'' (1968) at 3:30, the tribute includes Mr. Romero's favorite film.
But on Sunday, Vice President Dick Cheney went too far.
The Sundstroms used to have two cars, and they have enjoyed the advantages of cutting back while they could.
The chairman and chief executive, Michael I. Roth, stands to receive as much as $23.3 million, including payments for vested stock options, the company said in a preliminary proxy statement posted on its Web site.
''The reality of being employed today is, you can't just exist in your own little bubble,'' he said.
Construction costs associated with the project have been estimated at about $95 million.
The movie might seem rather perfunctory if it weren't teeming with life; the last scene is a particularly lumpen cliché.
A year later, with Nyack facing financial problems, Mercy College took over.
Criminal inquiries are continuing at several other McWane plants around the country, including its largest plant, Tyler Pipe, in Tyler, Tex.
Seventh on Sixth celebrated 10 years under the tents in Bryant Park last week.
The contenders lined up, literally, for the first time in a forum sponsored by the Children's Defense Fund on April 9, the very evening the statue of Saddam Hussein in Baghdad was toppled in a scene that quickly became symbolic of American victory.
A person plotting out your career probably would have said, 'You should do that one and you shouldn't do that one.'
The big banking companies say that the smaller banks do provide valuable services to their communities, but they add that there is room for both types of institutions.
; 571st Air Medical Company.
It grows into a globe about three feet across, bearing dark green leaves and nonstop clear pink, semidouble flowers.
When he is not writing about sports, he writes big books about big subjects, and his sentences sometimes lurch mightily for the fence.
We saw it would be bad for her.
Not everyone thinks his style will translate well.
The proposed new individual savings accounts, by contrast, have their tax advantages built into the future, as tax-free withdrawals.
WARM-UP/DO NOW: Upon entering class, students respond to the following prompt in their journals (written on the board prior to class): “What are examples of difficult medical decisions a doctor must make?
Ms. Campion (''The Piano,'' ''Holy Smoke,'' ''The Portrait of a Lady'') is an inveterate navigator in the murkier zones of female sexuality, and this film, adapted from Susanna Moore's novel, plots a hazardous nexus of dread, danger and desire.
Through the effervescent, prosperous 1990's, Radiohead was contrary.
It's hard to get away from the notion that this band is primarily a studio creation.
He has testified to illegal dealings with five firms.
''It was intended to be seen as malicious,'' he told me with relish.
''You don't want to stay in a place where Westerners are common because then it would be a major target,'' said Shakib el-Qasim, 40, an electrical engineer who became an American citizen while studying at the University of Texas in the 1980's.
Put 3/4-inch water in a stockpot, cover, and bring to a boil.
Protest leaders gained police permission on Monday to route their main march to Trafalgar Square on Thursday by the Houses of Parliament.
Republicans and Democrats have praised the 30-year-old program, and the White House's new budget proposes increasing its financing by $43 million, to $4.77 billion.
''At tackle, you're out there quickly, bam, bam, bam, taking quick steps, moving around,'' Bober said.
Current ideas include a rail freight tunnel, rail barges and higher truck tolls.
The Fleming Companies, a leading grocery distributor, won final court approval of a $150 million loan and vendor lien program, clearing a major hurdle in its bankruptcy case.
There are also rumors that Americans are hiding their casualties by dumping large numbers of soldiers' bodies each night into the Tigris River.
When it started to drizzle at 9:30 a.m., Mr.
His uneven performance was left to speak for itself.
The freedom of that can be a little daunting, but it's ultimately liberating.''
But, she added, these issues will be raised as part of a new fiduciary education plan that her office will start in the next six months or so.
Two years later he was convicted of falsifying documents that defrauded banks and was ordered to pay $74,000 in restitution.
Michael Peca, the Islanders' captain, was hit from behind by Rangers defenseman Boris Mironov.
'' 'Yep, just simmer down and relax.'
Disney VHS, $22.99; DVD, $29.99.
My mother only cared which actress was going to play her.''
Like many long-distance truckers, the flamboyant Ms. Dawkins, who goes by the names Red High Heels or just Red, has made her truck into a second home and office.
''The low point for me,'' said Stephanie Williams, a professional fund-raiser and stroller fanatic from Tulsa, Okla., ''was cruising German eBay after midnight with an old high school dictionary trying to figure out the German word for rain canopy.''
Like flicking on a light switch, ''Agua'' is as utterly simple as it is warmly illuminating.
This work was not that well known at the time, so the performance also conveys a sense of discovery.
A standard double is $330, including breakfast, at 7.50 rand to the dollar.
When Communism collapsed and the Soviet Union imploded, the fringes of its old empire crumbled away.
Millbrook, whose main street is more of a dash on a map, has a few shops that are worth a detour.
That let him pass Eddie Robinson, who retired from Grambling in 1997, as college football's victory leader.
In the 1980's, 90 percent of ulcers were attributed to a bacterium and, less often, to heavy use of anti-inflammatories.
NEWELL RUBBERMAID, Freeport, Ill., the housewares maker, said it would move its headquarters to Atlanta from Freeport, Ill. KENTUCKY ELECTRIC STEEL, Ashland, Ky., said it had filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection and had closed its remaining steel-making plant in Kentucky, laying off 326 workers.
As the monk who guided us through the inner temples repeated emphatically: ''If you don't really believe, the Buddha can't protect you.''
Probably, the running activity did not affect the reproductive success of the females, because the females greatly reduced their running during late pregnancy and lactation.
PAGE A13 Legacy of Nuclear Exposure The government is said to have underestimated the radiation exposure of veterans who developed cancer and were denied benefits.
''It's almost like what Picasso did with his sculptures.
For much of the last two years, the Bloomberg administration has refused to release thousands of tapes, transcripts and other records about the city's emergency response on Sept. 11, on the grounds that they reveal deeply personal and private moments, including the final words of many victims at the World Trade Center.
Despite threats of bombings and invasion, the British Museum in London remained open.
It is the perfect texture, too.
I was fortunate to have Frazier, Dick Barnett, Earl Monroe, Bill Bradley and a Dave DeBusschere, all Hall of Famers, and that makes a difference.''
Penn State's Kelly Mazzante, the leading scorer in the Big Ten, scored 26 points.
The fund had a total return of 6.1 percent through Sept. 30, outperforming the 5 percent return of the Lehman Aggregate index.
''What was reported and what we're seeing on the ground is sometimes totally out of sync,'' Mr. Gonzales said.
''If it's going to give Mike better pitches to hit, because he is the man here, so be it,'' Floyd said.
Among the newer recipients have been organizations created to help the families affected by Sept. 11, those that help people with H.I.V.
But that is not the path he chose.
''This has nothing to do with anything,'' he snapped.
Kings guard Bobby Jackson, the N.B.A.
These states grow long-grain rice, and have done so since African slaves introduced them to it.
The soldiers had been told to pick up the prisoners at a place outside Najaf, specified by coordinates on a military grid.
'' She has found that young people are aching for positive role models, who, unfortunately, seem to be in short supply.
As the chairwoman and chief executive of the Bravo Group, the largest Hispanic advertising agency in the United States, Ms. Exposito-Ulla attends black-tie events all over the country -- and in the summer, her choice of evening wear is usually a guayabera.
Funeral service Friday, 4 PM, at Frank E. Campbell.
Knowing what we know today, this seems like a tantalizing clue: A, C, T and G are the chemical letters spelling out the instructions for making proteins, the building blocks of life.
''The Rose'' is like a mandala.
Bella Noka, the tribe's youth director, who was arrested on disorderly conduct charges in the raid, along with her husband, teenage son and daughter, had an angrier reaction, calling the ruling a ''rape.''
The Marlins may get some good news Friday.
Tomorrow at 2 p.m., ''Ghostly Greenwich Village'' includes Mark Twain's house and the sites of public executions, meeting at the Washington Arch.
But each state is charged with designing its own criteria.
Mr. Bundy wrote: ''Don't ask me why I believe I'm an expert in this area, just accept that I am and we'll start from there.''
It was hard to tell whether this pre-emption talk was a tentative step toward a more assertive Japan or a devoted client's nod to the Bush doctrine or simply a shrewd politician grabbing a chance to expand his budget.
Shaul Mofaz, the Israeli defense minister and General Yaalon's predecessor as chief of staff, was unhappy with his comments, according to Israeli news reports.
Leonard Boxer, Chairman Simon C. Parisier, Medical Director TISCH--Laurence.
''I will be very interested to see how the F.D.A.
The Nasdaq composite index decreased 26.46 points, or 1.4 percent, to 1,817.24.
Mr. Rufino said that Arnold was terrified of loud noises.
''I pray for peace, April, I pray for peace.''
they hollered, making us think rather fondly that these guys will stoop to any level to get a shot.
''Right now, landlords are doing whatever they need to do to lease space,'' said John Goodman, executive vice president and regional manager for Julien J. Studley Inc., a national tenant representative firm with offices here.
To the Editor: Thomas L. Friedman (column, June 25) is right that the success or failure of the United States effort to rebuild Iraq will influence America's standing in the world, but President Bush and Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld ''seem to be treating it like some lab test in which they can see how much nation-building they can buy with as little investment as possible.''
As public tastes changed and courts loosened definitions of obscenity, the numbers of cases, always sparse, dropped.
Professor Emeritus, leaves dear wife, children, grandchildren, step-children, greatgrandchild.
Lieutenant Glenn said the police had statements from eight boys, ages 9 to 15, who claimed that Mr. Griggs had strip-searched them.
''This week I spent a few days with Rick Smith,'' he continued, referring to his swing guru, ''trying to iron it out so that my misses would be the other way, would be left.
I never heard any coach say, 'I just miss the fun of coaching.'
Scores of roads remained blocked by trees.
She earned a bachelor's degree in literature from Fordham University and a master's degree in social work from Columbia.
The new encasements also allow all four pages of the Constitution to be viewed, when previously only the first and fourth pages were displayed.
But the briefs that Mr. Olson filed for the administration in the Michigan cases did not go that far -- Mr. Olson lost an internal battle over the wording -- and assumed for the sake of argument that the Bakke ruling was still good law and that ''diversity,'' as used in the controlling opinion by Justice Lewis F. Powell Jr., was a valid rationale for affirmative action.
A town police officer has been cleared of criminal wrongdoing after an investigation into allegations that he had sex with a 17-year-old girl.
Mr. Wilson, 51, will manage a staff of 80 photographers, editors and technicians.
What guy wouldn't give his plasma flat-screen for such a catch?
Both girls were pronounced dead at the scene when firefighters responded to the blaze about 10 p.m.
In a conference call yesterday, he said, ''I don't think that my brain is going to go dead this afternoon or next week.''
An idea of the nature of the store's clientele can be found in a 1926 theft report, which noted that a Gobelin tapestry was missing.
The police said they also discovered several tablets of Ritalin on the floor and were still trying to determine its source.
Lamizana, meanwhile, finished with 22 points, 8 rebounds, 7 assists, 3 steals and 3 blocks.
Mark Carr, the executive vice president for DMG's arts and antiques division, also announced that International Fine Art Expositions is canceling its April antiques fair in Houston; earlier it discontinued its Los Angeles fair.
The company will also draw on the local culture.
In April 2002, Mike Turner, a prosperous Louisville construction company owner, was the first to come forward, accusing his parish priest of molesting him as a boy.
''I said, 'Here it is,' and they took it.''
The Yankees come off really well -- George Steinbrenner especially.
After 13 days in a hospital, K. J. had gained seven pounds, he said.
(''Hey honey, how come there's a little square cut out of the box?'')
Delta Air Lines and its pilots union have begun negotiating on wage and benefit concessions, and analysts are optimistic that an agreement can eventually be reached because of new leadership on both sides.
I think wherever he goes, he's going to get a mint.
Copies of ''Mud Book'' are still available on the Internet.
The Autostrade takeover ranks third in size in Italian corporate history, behind two 1999 deals, Olivetti's $34 billion hostile acquisition of Telecom Italia and Banca Intesa's $10.7 billion purchase of Banca Commerciale Italiana.
Accepts Serbian Support The United States has accepted an offer by Serbia and Montenegro to send up to 1,000 combat troops and police to Afghanistan to support American forces there.
But private insurers and pharmacy benefit managers could conduct such negotiations.
''Kirchner shows that when the political will to act exists, many things can be done,'' said Lorena Pizarro, president of the Group of Relatives of the Detained and Disappeared.
''He's got a couple near pauses as he goes into his windup, but it's not a Hideo Nomo-type delivery or anything like that.''
A former student accused him of inappropriate touching, and the monsignor was ousted in an unusually public manner a year ago.
''The main thing is we have to get comfortable with each other,'' Johnson said.
There are many battles left to fight, though, before these new DVD's hit the shelves, and it is entirely possible that the camps will never reach a consensus, forcing consumers, retailers, movie studios and others to adapt, at least initially, to two competing standards.
A man's man, a woman's man, a gentle man, a wonderful man.
In France education remains rooted in tradition.
Even days spent without lights did not dissuade moviegoers from heading back into darkened theaters this weekend.
From there, mud and rock spurted another six miles or so downhill.
The president does need to look to the public for support, too.
It is a pity, however, that we have to reach back almost four decades to find a writer willing to cater to desires that are surely not unusual but are, just as surely, unfashionable.
''I wanted something that could connect to kids and moms so they would realize they were not alone.''
Some chanted in Arabic: ''Bush, Bush, hear our refrain.
You can fold them into muffins, douse them with sweet cream, blend them into ice cream or simply, and most commonly, put them on a bowl of cereal.
In Gould's world, just as pterodactyls could still be roaming the sky if not for a random Ice Age, Ralph Branca could have just as easily struck out Bobby Thomson; this -- and let's face it, it was more likely than Thomson hitting any shot heard round the world -- would have sent us into another dimension in which Thomson is the goat and Branca the hero.
The ''March of the Trolls'' had the hellbent fervor of a Prokofiev toccata.
Many musicians privately wish file sharing would go away, though they are reluctant to admit it, because they do not want to seem unfriendly to their fans.
It was a flavor reverie of the region I was about to visit, and along with some of the seafood for which the Costa Brava is famous (tiny squid, large shrimp, cod) and Spanish hot and sweet peppers, the dishes contained strange ingredients, like a minuscule sea cucumber called ''espardeigne.''
* ALESSANDRA BELLONI, Satalla, 37 West 26th Street, Chelsea, (212) 576-1155.
This time around, a mortar shell fell on a church office next door, pocking its mustard-colored walls with shrapnel.
's, MP3 players all need maintenance.''
Light pollution is also linked to sleep disorders, and it can disrupt plant and animal life, including the nesting and hatching patterns of endangered loggerhead turtles on Florida's beaches.
The Fed's rate-setting committee next meets on June 24 and 25.
Duke's Mike Krzyzewski called him the best player in the country.
Then, Gerald McEntee, president of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees, called President Bush ''the most antiworker'' president and said the Bush administration had ''launched unprecedented assaults against working families'' by trying to end overtime pay for eight million workers and by ''trying to bust federal unions like never before.''
Asked if the team seemed resigned to its fate, Chaney added: ''I don't think they've given up, from their posture.
Some activists are now eager to broker a formal apology from Gov.
The irony, the critics assert, is that Mr. Rumsfeld's force is not nearly as agile as he suggests.
CVC is one of a number of companies to have approached Six Continents as it fends off a hostile offer from a British businessman, valued at almost $9 billion.
Anderson Cancer Center, Gangel Family Fund, P.O.
But the plan outlined tonight would create a new category of aid and disburse it to states and cities with dense populations, high security costs and known vulnerabilities.
The city bought the land, ran utilities to it and called it Riverview Estates.
Two of his rivals for the Democratic presidential nomination, Representative Richard A. Gephardt of Missouri and Gen. Wesley K. Clark, followed suit in comments Tuesday directed at Southerners hard pressed by manufacturing losses.
And until this year, the eighth-grade home rooms were in the basement.
Currently, Moody's has 15 states on a list with a negative outlook.
General Abizaid said there was increasing evidence that the Baathists were coordinating on a regional level with small numbers of foreign fighters and terrorists, and that the militants might even be close to forming a national leadership to direct the attacks.
Turgeon was injured in practice March 8.
Educator in Los Angeles, Studio City, and Palos Verdes, CA; Tarrytown, NY; Boca Raton, FL; Kingston, England; Neuilly and Bougival, France.
And even he was forced to admit that his division of Bengal into two separate entities, West and East Bengal, while logical, was utterly impractical.
Raven, it seems, has premonitions.
One person close to the pope said Cardinal Sepe's close relationship with Archbishop Dziwisz muddied the waters.
Yesterday the advisory panel said that the F.D.A.
The point is that his new colleagues may have to accustom themselves not only to a shift of the limelight but also to a restructuring of the famous Spanish team and maybe the whole league.
Tomorrow, 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. More than 150 vendors, demonstrations and food.
(+) 2 15 SELF MATTERS, by Phillip C. McGraw.
''We need to do better.''
Some people subtract bathrooms and closets from the total; others include them.
But we should be more serious and put aside frivolities.
What would happen if it hatched?
Eventually, the emperor claims his need for peace as grounds for divorce.
You are talking about which tax increase is more desirable.''
''But what's true is, we don't make statements about everything,'' he said.
The most outspoken of the panelists, he advised casino executives to be judicious in accepting leased games -- and appealed to their sense of the bottom line.
He told the crowd that he did not believe that an entire magazine could be just about shopping, but that the women in his family convinced him that it could work.
But if you wanted to be a real gangster, there was only one choice, and that was to be a Gopher, if they'd have you.
The Knicks have been carried almost solely on the right arm of Allan Houston of late, and it was no different in the first half; he scored 17 points on 6-of-9 shooting while the Knicks' other four starters combined for 17 points.
Wendy's pays a small dividend now, and we think it is likely to increase it.
In the time that Mr. Capek has been the analyst for HealthSouth, the company has done $2 billion in banking business at UBS.
Since there is no guarantee that the Yankees will get Schilling, they met with the Los Angeles Dodgers three times and had intense discussions about Odalis Perez.
Law enforcement aspirants generally expect answers in concrete terms, with strict guidelines made clear as to what separates the good cop from rogue cowboy.
Service Monday, 11:30 AM, at ''The Riverside,'' 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.
He pumped a fist when he was finished.
Each building has been reconstructed and restored, one hand-forged nail at a time, to become part of the Ohrstrom family compound.
Snowmass has constructed the Rail Yard, featuring 20 rails of all shapes and sizes for skiers and riders of all abilities.
Now Mr. Abbas must be given a chance to follow up his words with effective police action.
The effect is suburban à la savanna.
Now, Thomas acknowledged, comes the tough part.
But Penny Driver is very much a stranger to her world and to herself, lurching between profanity, self-laceration and passivity.
While Unmovic has been preparing its own list of current ''unresolved disarmament issues'' and ''key remaining disarmament tasks'' in response to requirements in Resolution 1284 (1999), we find the issues listed in the two reports as unresolved, professionally justified.
The mock bill was modeled after real legislation passed by the Council this year.
A Republican strategist close to Mr. DeLay who spoke on the condition he not be identified said, ''A lot of disingenuous people made a mountain out of a molehill, and DeLay just decided to let the moles win.''
Mrs. Hargrave recounts the trajectory from naïveté to achievement and recognition that ended in a divorce in 1999 and the sale of the pioneering Hargrave Vineyard, now called Castello di Borghese/Hargrave.
The audit, which will be conducted by the commission's staff and paid for by Verizon, will examine the company's ability to find and fix faulty equipment quickly.
This evening, the Pentagon identified the pilots as Chief Warrant Officer Ronald D. Young Jr., 26, of Georgia, and Chief Warrant Officer David S. Williams, 30, of Florida.
Dr. Paige said he would not repudiate or retract his remarks.
''We believe our response proves KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms,'' Randy Harl, Kellogg Brown & Root's chief executive, said in a press release on Thursday.
Still, the Knicks were up by 80-74 with 4:14 remaining.
The violinist Nai-Yuan Hu will be the soloist, and Daniel Paget will be the host.
You might not think you need to know something as deep as relativity to answer such a question.
''I'm obviously still in it,'' said Sorenstam, who is fine-tuning her game for next week's United States Women's Open.
Moreover, some experts say, many pathogens can be used in an attack, some genetically engineered to be resistant to antibiotics.
Utah shot 50 percent in the second half (16-for-32) and held the Celtics to one field goal in the final two minutes.
''I finally got the shakes,'' she told an interviewer years later.
And then in '97 I read a script by Guillermo Arriaga and said: 'Wow.
While the firm made enormous amounts of money getting into telecommunications companies early, it also stayed a little too long with some investments.
(This is not an easy formula for success: NBC's poorly rated ''In-Laws,'' starring Dennis Farina, was canceled.)
Cashman, who until yesterday had been forbidden to speak to the news media by George Steinbrenner, the principal owner, said he was not concerned by the presence of the Houston Astros in negotiations.
On paper at least the hip credentials of the movie, whose cast includes Beck and Beth Orton in minor roles, appear unassailable.
My own view of the Iraq war coverage is that Americans, embeds or unilaterals, gave more emphasis to hardware and American successes than did their European and Arab counterparts, who put more stress on war damage and civilian casualties.
You can do it in a not-so-confrontational manner.
It covers a lot of territory, from the advanced art movements -- Post-Impressionism, Symbolism and Art Nouveau -- to the changes in clothing style and interior décor that defined the time.
Lucille Lortel Theater, 121 Christopher Street.
The department's analysis of response times does not adequately take those new duties into account, Mr. Cassidy said.
Many bond fund managers, including Mr.
The first American to finish becomes the United States pro champion, and that distinction went to Mark McCormack of North Easton, Mass., who finished fourth.
The last two incidents, unlike the previous ones, did not correct themselves after a few seconds, and voltage remained low.
Each count carries a possible penalty of up to 30 years in prison.
A number of researchers started to look into the possibilities, but one in particular intrigued Snyder: that people undergoing transcranial magnetic stimulation, or TMS, could suddenly exhibit savant intelligence -- those isolated pockets of geniuslike mental ability that most often appear in autistic people.
4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus extra for greasing pan 1 level cup sifted cake flour 1/2 cup sifted cornstarch 1/2 teaspoon baking powder 1/2 teaspoon salt 4 eggs, at room temperature 3 egg yolks, at room temperature 1/2 cup, plus 1 tablespoon, granulated sugar 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 1/2 teaspoon finely grated lemon rind Confectioners' sugar for dusting 1 to 2 tablespoons brandy, Grand Marnier or rum Chocolate frosting (see recipe) Meringue mushrooms (see recipe) Holly sprigs or green marzipan leaves (optional).
''So they evolved the strategy of iron respiration,'' grabbing carbon from sediment on the seafloor and releasing carbon dioxide, then transferring the electrons that accumulated to nearby iron oxides or rust.
''Elvis is not a character,'' said Jonathan Pollard, one of the producers.
He described it as ''the Algonquin round table gone berserk.''
On Bradford's next pitch, Matsui slashed a double inside the third-base line, scoring a run.
''If you'd like to buy in the preupfront, I've been authorized by Les Moonves to do any deals in the back of the room,'' Mr. Karmazin said.
The three Baudelaire orphans continue to become involved in ''unfortunate events.''
Since Sunday, Under Secretary of State John R. Bolton has pleaded the White House's Iraq case in Moscow before Russia's Foreign Ministry, and President Bush has lobbied Mr. Putin by telephone.
Its trans-Atlantic service is by far its most profitable business segment, according to company reports.
On Long Island, the bishop created the review panel, an intervention team to act immediately on complaints and a child-protection office that issued comprehensive rules, Ms. Novarro said.
For ideas on how to create such a monument, see the Civil Rights Memorial Web site at //www.splcenter.org/cgi-bin/goframe.pl?dirname=/centerinfo&pagename=lci-2.html .
94112, or Wellesley Center for Research on Women, 106 Central Street, Wellesley, MA.
In comparing the cost, Mr. Berg said an average double-hung window with plain glass could cost $250.
The holy grail of computer collectors is the Apple I, with only about two dozen in existence.
Mr. Thomas credits his experience in a youth cadet program for leading him down the right path in life.
''Before we moved here,'' Mr. Bernstein said, ''I never imagined myself so involved in a place and caring about what happens to it.
For some reason, the letter came to the speechwriters and landed on my desk.
Mr. Moffett also assumes the role of a mute recording witness in a series of pencil drawings titled ''Mr.
Last week, the goal of the San Francisco umbrella organization, Direct Action to Stop the War, had been to disrupt the city's everyday life.
The White House claimed credit on Thursday for the surge in economic growth, saying the tax cuts championed by President Bush had helped the nation overcome recession and the economic effects of the terrorist attacks, two wars and corporate scandals.
We want them to finish Sadaam Hussein, we want them to leave.
GETTING THERE From New York to Long Beach: $257 (American).
Industrial production rose 16.5 percent in July from a year earlier to 341 billion yuan ($41.2 billion), led by automobile manufacturing and electronics, particularly cellular telephones, the National Bureau of Statistics said.
Yesterday, shares of Freddie Mac fell $1.50, or nearly 3 percent, to $50.
Any of the potential litigants are likely to argue that the former directors did not fulfill their obligations to the exchange.
''The only problem was that there was so much in it.
He was arrested and convicted again of trespassing there in 1999 and, as part of his appeal, argued that the ordinance violated the First Amendment.
Experts questioned whether rules were being bent.
Another Kitenplon field goal gave Ithaca a 12-0 lead by halftime.
''Anything that has the name 'American' in it is going to be a target.''
''''Style, Glamour, Color: Clothes From the House of Scaasi.''
It is intrusive because, in the nature of e-mail, it arrives round the clock, demanding attention.
The ''mixed heights'' is an introduction to her method of composition; the view is an amalgam of what she saw looking down from different floors in both Trade Center towers.
The exception is Alix Korey, whose well-executed job is to draw attention to herself and provide a comic presence with the exaggerated shrillness and the stingingly selfish manner of a stereotypical Jewish mother.
Any child sitting in any class on any day, stomach churning, knows it is simply not so.
Plymouth Theater, 236 West 45th Street, (212) 239-6200.
Combat in Iraq Is Felt In the Aisles of Wal-Mart Since the fighting began in Iraq, Wal-Mart has undergone many changes.
CLAUDIA FLEMING, the pastry chef who left Gramercy Tavern to work for Pret a Manger, the London-based sandwich chain, has returned to the kitchen.
''It's just an idea, and it might not be worth a darn.''
She is still uncertain who will pick up the children, 13-year-old Erica and 6-year-old Alex Tirado, after the camp day ends at 4:30 p.m. She hopes that her 16-year-old daughter, Krystle, or the children's grandmother will be able to pick them up and care for them until she returns home.
The record labels said the decision, which they have appealed, left them little choice but to pursue individual users of those programs.
''All the servers are screaming,'' said Larry Nelson, president of the company.
The deal, announced yesterday, includes the brands Boost and Isocal, trademarks, patents and intellectual property assets of the business, Novartis said.
While serving a combined three years at Elmira Correctional Facility and then Green Haven Correctional Facility in Stormville, N.Y., Mr. Hallet realized his life might be worth living if he lived it right.
He has been told that he suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder, but he says he cannot afford counseling.
HOWARD FISHMAN QUARTET, the Bottom Line, 15 West Fourth Street, Greenwich Village, (212) 228-6300.
After one visit, a caseworker wrote to a colleague, ''We have to move these babies.''
Condolences may be sent to Liz Robbins and Doug Johnson at 2211 Broadway #
''While this is confusing for adults, it's almost overwhelming for children.''
''If I teach them one set way to do it, some get it and some don't,'' Mrs. Logan said.
So we switched and, lo, our one-Saturday-a-month game was born.
Accountability is for lesser mortals.
In 1946, Mr. Lewis joined the McDonnell Aircraft Corporation in St. Louis as chief of aerodynamics.
Information and meeting place: (212) 629-1886.
''The composition and makeup of our technology holdings has changed considerably,'' said Mark B. Baribeau, manager of the Loomis Sayles Growth fund, a large-cap fund with about $25 million in assets.
Women will spend one-third of their lives alone.
Among chefs, who inevitably neglect their own sweethearts so that others may nuzzle publicly, Valentine's Day is second only to Mother's Day as headache of the year.
It also asked for appropriate security provisions and for immunity from prosecution for the Iraqi informant.
Johns Hopkins ran off 14 consecutive goals and held stunned Syracuse, the defending champion, scoreless in a 30-minute span on the way to a 19-8 victory.
''The Tang horse has always appealed to Western taste; it's something the Chinese have never collected because of its association with grave goods.''
The service originated approximately 10 years ago as an alternative to the non-air-conditioned sanctuary and a convenience for families en route to summer recreation, the Rev.
The musicians' union, Local 802 of the American Federation of Musicians, argues that virtual orchestras threaten the future of live music.
Fee, $15; reservations: (212) 836-0962.
''We can sense the power has gone down and reconfigure the pumps and the solar panels in an instant,'' Dr. Rangarajan said.
Having been told that this was to be a half-day trip, most of the men (there are no women on this team) did not bring sleeping bags, or much else.
''Elections are a well-known game.
The opening exhibition in the museum, continuing through Jan. 3, is ''A Fiction of Authenticity: Contemporary Africa Abroad.''
Many foreign companies have said that they cannot invest in Russia without such guarantees, but BP went ahead without them when it made a $6.75 billion investment last week, by far the biggest to date.
Russian oil companies may pay new taxes on profits, either through export duties or through a tax on extraction of mineral resources, Mr. Putin said.
So did Interior Minister Ali Jalali.
Mr. Ashcroft has also ordered the death penalty sought in a case in Vermont, which is in the same federal appeals court district as New York and Connecticut.
KARIN ALEXANDERSON Doylestown, Pa., June 8, 2003
The first year is especially difficult for cadets, who slog through a crucible of pre-dawn drills and shrill commands from upperclassmen in a typical military effort to break down bad habits, build up new ones and create a bond among cadets.
Then something happened, he said.
JACKSONVILLE -- Signed C Brad Meester to a five-year contract extension through 2008.
''The consumer these days wants broader networks with more doctors and dentists,'' she said.
This month, Gazprom will hold its annual board meeting, where it is likely to discuss the fate of its media holdings.
Eight is a lucky number in China, and you'll be lucky to eat the fine dim sum in this large, dim restaurant just under the Manhattan Bridge.
THE CIVIL-WAR SOUTH Wouldn't you protect your home?
Zeile said that of all the teams he has played for, that Mets team was the only one that did not feel overmatched against the Yankees.
Almonte made 27 starts in his place and hit .272.
B5 Summer School for Principals Summer school opened for the first 90 aspiring principals to attend the New York City Leadership Academy, a training program created by Chancellor Joel I. Klein and Mayor Bloomberg as a centerpiece of their effort to overhaul the public school system.
Within the pods are sweet white fruits; within each fruit is a dusty brown cacao bean; within each bean is a fingertip-size, inedibly bitter nib of pure chocolate.
A phone conversation the other day with Ms. Ferguson, who will be speaking at a Weight Watchers' 40th anniversary ceremony today on Long Island, changed our mind.
But he also assures voters that he supports the central federal gun-control measures adopted during the Clinton administration: the 1994 ban on assault weapons and the Brady Bill, which mandated a waiting period and background checks for the purchase of handguns.
That summer, Mr. Lachman rarely worked fewer than 70 hours per week.
New Dorp Heights is the hilly inland part of the community bounded by the greenery of the Moravian Cemetery, as well as High Rock Park Conservation Area.
Short of evidence of gross financial fraud or kickbacks, spare the association itself.
Sales edged up 2 percent, to $3.44 billion, from $3.36 billion in the 2001 period.
I STOPPED into the rustic little bar at Fleur de Sel the other night to celebrate the Liberation -- the news last week, published in a study in The New England Journal of Medicine, that drinking often is good for you.
Over the course of a year and a half he took megadoses of Tylenol, aspirin, Advil and Aleve.
Then legislators will (more winks) override his veto -- balancing the books but letting the governor preserve his anti-tax image.
She could not believe her luck that her visit to her daughter in New York coincided with the concert.
That said, we can all take a lesson from Ms. Kor, who has vowed to rebuild the museum and has turned her suffering into something positive.
report was distributed 10 days ago.
The resurgence in production has also brought with it a new set of problems.
Dealers say a rough winter out West meant that fewer cattle went to pasture, reducing the supply.
It had already supported random testing for athletes.
''I'm not the person who wrote 'Midnight's Children,' '' he said of his novel.
The Mets still led, 8-7, but Furcal bunted and Stanton's throw whizzed past Tony Clark at first and went into right field.
But it could be interesting to see what happens with the Knicks' lineup when everyone is healthy.
In percent (Sources: Salomon Smith Barney; Telerate; The Bond Buyer)
Short, who is primarily a run-stuffing linebacker, gets considerably less playing time than Barrow or Dhani Jones and comes off the field when the Giants are facing an obvious passing down and use extra defensive backs.
But some 15 years before Mr. Ludlum wrote his first ''Bourne'' story, almost 30 years before the movie came out and before Fox television ripped the picture off for this season's ''John Doe'' series, that earlier blond hunk was walking the streets of Manhattan in an amnesiac's haze.
He added, ''It's just a matter of time before we have the first human case.''
On the other hand, Piazza has not taken grounders at first base since being activated this month.
''Hamas is not some dark, shadowy organization in a corner,'' said Magnus Ranstorp, a Hamas expert at the University of St. Andrews in Scotland.
The ad was for a product yet to be created called the Decoder.
Mass of Christian Burial Thursday 10AM, St. Thomas More, 65 E 89 St. Friends may call Wednesday 2-4 & 6-8PM, Frank E. Campbell - The Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st Street.
while the backups go ''ah-ooh!''
''I can't make my move when I get a messed-up pass and I got three guys on me.
''We try to re-enact as closely as possible what the paratroopers did in the last few minutes before they made the jump into Normandy,'' said Mr. Glick, 61.
That war was in Afghanistan.
Both Mr. Levy and Mr. Schaffer contend that Mr. Suozzi hopes to help Mr. Cunningham win so that they could then replace Mr. Schaffer with a party chairman who would be loyal to Mr. Suozzi, specifically Patrick Halpin.
And I still suffer from innumerable Bad Clothes Days, unable to shake the frustration that I don't have and never will have enough to wear.''
The article mentions the use of bloodhounds in the F.B.I.’s search for Rudolph.
The company set aside $435 million for bad loans, down 47 percent from the period a year ago.
At Aquavit, neutral aquavits are infused with spices and aromatics, like coriander, lemon and cloudberries.
HOW TO BREATHE UNDERWATER: Stories, by Julie Orringer.
It's the enemy you can't see.
Some are large operations; the task force in New York City, for example, has about 400 agents and police officers.
In fact, writers of the real often have the problem of being too close.
In Jordan, Foreign Minister Marwan Moasher said the cease-fire agreement would ''enhance the Palestinians' negotiating capability,'' according to the official Petra news agency.
''And then you've got to prove that drug killed the patient.''
The second study looked at the PeaceBuilders program, which tries to foster a positive atmosphere by teaching social skills, enforcing simple rules and encouraging children to praise the good deeds of one another.
One exception is Japan, which has historically shown little American programming but is now giving prime-time slots to some shows.
No one knows how it started, but its effects are now clear.
Season with salt and pepper.
Tonight and tomorrow night at 7:30 and Sunday at 4 p.m., Fulton Ferry Landing, under the Brooklyn Bridge, Brooklyn, (718) 624-2083.
FOOTBALL National Football League NFL--Named Shawn Dennis vice president of marketing services.
Even managers who are less bearish than Mr. Rodriguez accept the likelihood of rising rates and falling bond values in the next year or two.
Its outlines have already renewed the debate over how to help the weak economy at a time when the federal deficit is rising, financial markets remain jittery, consumer and business confidence is shaky.
e5 2 c4, White is already transposing into the English Opening.
Some of the cave entrances were slung low and obscured by shadows, waist-high openings in cool, moss-cloaked rock.
Mr. Ramirez, born to a black Dominican mother and a white Puerto Rican father and raised in Washington Heights in Manhattan, is light-skinned and wears his hair in long dreadlocks.
''I think this is more of a logistical issue than a editing issue,'' Mr. Weintraub said.
The wreckage tore limbs from many others, according to police officials.
A night when Boone became a Yankee.
''We must use every resource possible to find and safely return missing children to their families and their homes,'' he said in a statement, ''just as we will continue to use every tool within the law to vigorously prosecute and severely punish those who would do our children harm.''
It deeper meaning cannot be appreciated fully without taking into account the bruised psyches and misplaced nostalgia of today's network executives.
To her family and loved ones we express our profound sympathy.
A passenger was rescued by a man delivering groceries in the area, witnesses said.
The national health minister and the mayor of Beijing were dismissed in a show of top-level resolve.
The report, by a panel appointed by the Regents and Mr. Mills, said the state's effort to establish rigorous math standards was deeply flawed and needed to be overhauled.
It took more than a decade after Brown v. Board of Education for Hollywood to muster ''Guess Who's Coming to Dinner'' (1967), and far longer still for interracial marriage to make it to prime-time TV.
Dr. Kay's brief unclassified version of his Congressional testimony and his statements to the press are maddeningly short of specifics that would allow independent experts to evaluate the credibility of the sources, the possibility of dissenting interpretations and the scale or stage of Iraq's efforts.
''If someone would come and ask who this person is, we would tell them,'' he said.
Dr. Ghazanfar, who describes himself as a neuro-ecologist, said he wanted to study the monkeys' behavior further to gain more understanding of the precise cues they use.
The most contentious provision in the bill would require the traditional Medicare program to compete directly with private health plans in a maximum of six metropolitan areas, starting in 2010.
Yesterday, Mr. Betts said by phone from his home northwest of Santa Fe that ''we're having a nice weekend'' and that he and his wife, Lois, were also entertaining Regan Gammon, a childhood friend of Laura Bush's, and her husband, Billy.
Corporate culture undoubtedly plays a large role.
''How many investors are out there who have no idea about these debt covenants and how important they are?''
Other judges earn more than $127,000.
''I'm married, and we have a baby.''
''It's about the dangers of fundamentalism and the idea that absolute power corrupts.''
''Our program is light-years away from the Porsche-driving players.''
It's about the Argentine tango, Mr. Duvall's passion, for one, and it also stars Mr. Duvall's stunning 30-year-old girlfriend, Luciana Pedraza, who has never acted before.
At the time of its theft in 1994, the club was appraised at $9,000, the most valuable of the 34 pieces discovered missing from the Kauffman Museum's storeroom that day.
And if so, were they armored to withstand this sort of forces?
One nephew, Aladin, now 30, was convicted of involvement in the killing of an Israeli in 1992, and he remains in prison.
Sweden Drottningholm Court Theater May 29 to Aug. 30 The Drottningholm Court Theater, built in 1776 about 30 miles from Stockholm, annually returns to life with opera and dance, performed in reproductions of the original 18th-century sets.
He returned to the program in a different capacity in 1992, when international inspectors from the United Nations Special Commission, or Unscom, were arriving to ensure that Iraqi officials were complying with their country's pledge to give up chemical, germ and nuclear weapons.
Some people want Patti Pessoni's pies, some want Susan Bruce's, some want Jody Sullivan's.''
It is a source of shame and stress.
investigation into Chinese nuclear espionage.
If convicted, he could face up to 11 years in prison.
Although it will be open daily during Refugee Week here, June 15 to 22, it is struggling to raise $4.8 million so that the building can be open year-round.
Mr. Niyazov has run Turkmenistan, a gas-rich country of about five million people wedged among Iran, Uzbekistan and Afghanistan, since 1985, first as Turkmenistan Communist Party secretary, and after independence from the Soviet Union in 1991, as president.
It's plus ça change all over again.
''They used to control the science,'' Mr. Proctor said, ''and now they're trying to control the history.''
's executive committee, which accepted, by 16 to 1, a compensation panel's recommendation that while he performed well in his position, he lost his bonus because he directed a staff member to advance a business proposal by his brother for this year's Pan American Games.
But Representatives Jerrold Nadler of New York and John Conyers Jr. of Michigan and Senator Russell Feingold of Wisconsin said in a letter to Mr. Ashcroft on Wednesday that the survey borders on ethnic and religious profiling and ''is just the latest episode in what seems to be an unconstitutional abuse of power.''
In London, the sales staff receives a commission of 2 to 3 percent, which is standard in the city.
''Doesn't make a difference who is playing,'' Jazz Coach Jerry Sloan said after his team's 108-95 loss.
No matter; its star took no salary, nor did its narrator, Joanne Woodward, or its writer, Janet Hess, a producer of nature programs for PBS.
Had those who drew and ratified the Due Process Clauses of the Fifth Amendment or the Fourteenth Amendment known the components of liberty in its manifold possibilities, they might have been more specific.
''My brain is like a sponge,'' he said.
Frank, Ozick says, through his editing of the diary and by toning down Anne's rage at Germans and her budding Jewish consciousness, helped to turn ''a deeply truth-telling work .
The rejection of Mr. Mitzna's plan, coupled with Mr. Sharon's clear victory, could be one more step toward turning Israel into another Lebanon.
''Penumbra'' by Jean Shin, which will still be around this weekend, provided the best shade, as the title promises.
The relatively wealthy area, a mix of apartment buildings and private houses, is not used to crime, or at least not used to most crimes.
As much as public sentiment is growing against Phillips, Jeff Wilpon said, ''I don't think it will play into the decision.''
''People say they're inconvenient, that they block the light and block the air,'' he said.
(His program, which began in July, was canceled in the winter.)
''And then you get a high-profile case that comes along.''
Tennessee State has a glorious athletic tradition.
A combination of high fixed costs at the nuclear plants, a decline in power prices, a number of power interruptions and a ''bleak outlook'' for future prices contributed to the loss, Mr. Montague said.
and rushed to Di Palo's sublime cheese shop on Grand Street, jammed with customers and piled high with wheels of Reggiano, Montasio and a hundred types of pecorino.
But Professor David T. Canon of the University of Wisconsin, a student of the issue, observed that one striking thing about today's opinion was that the same five justices who agreed on the ruling in 2000 that George W. Bush was president ''were voting with the Democratic Party against the Bush administration.
At the same time, the centralization of commercial activity has transformed the lobby into a new kind of village square, where upstairs (sometimes in bedroom slippers) mingles with downstairs (usually in uniform) and with delivery people bearing dry cleaning, diapers, prescriptions, melting ice cream and flowers.
The best moments of the Stones' show at Madison Square Garden on Thursday were introduced by his riffs, which appeared suddenly, bright and cutting and emphasizing the weak beats of a rhythm.
He was referring only to the Braves.
Organized by Valery Gergiev, general director of the Mariinsky Theater, the festival will present stars of the music world like Plácido Domingo, Vadim Repin and Yuri Bashmet; leading dance troupes like the New York City Ballet and the Royal Ballet of London and theater attractions, Agence France-Presse reported.
Russian police had made no arrests by this evening.
Jane, a vapid seductress who won't accept their breakup as final, is Steve's ex.
Congress has declared 2003 as the Year of the Blues, commemorating the 100th anniversary of an encounter that may have produced the first written account of blues music.
Just how independent A.T. Kearney will be will depend on details that have probably not yet been worked out between the firm and E.D.S., Mr. Rodenhauser said.
The estimated cost of the project is now about $200 million.
.5:23:35 27990 Falanga, N, 33F .
In 1989, he warned: A third of all the children born today will be on welfare.
A military spokesman confirmed the incident but said he could not provide any details.
In lieu of flowers, memorials are suggested to either St. Paul School, 325 Pleasant St, Concord, NH 03301; or to the Library of the Society of the Four Arts, 2 Four Arts Plaza, Palm Beach, FL 33480.
24 Marquette beat visiting South Florida.
He likened it to Sausalito, ''a lovely little town by San Francisco Bay and the Golden Gate Bridge.
Theofanis Tskas, a Bouchard employee who had serviced the suspect pump hours before the blast, said that it had tested successfully, Lieutenant Commander Fischetti said, emphasizing that the pump was only one system under investigation.
Cheryl Asbell was fidgety, anxious.
Each campus must match that amount.
A1 In Madrid, Pope Canonizes Five Pope John Paul II canonized five Spaniards during an outdoor mass attended by about a million people and exhorted Spaniards to stay close to the Roman Catholic Church.
In general, dividend-paying stocks have tended to be as old economy as Oracle and Dell are new.
''We don't think we can change the world,'' said Peter Shumlin, the executive director of Putney.
His blend was indisputably more complex and remarkable than any of the individual wines.
Despite his new status and tired legs, Roddick said he planned to make the trip, and the team is scheduled to arrive on Saturday or Sunday.
Screens with integrated drivers have usually found their way into devices where space is at a premium, like video cameras, or products like L.C.D.
A bigger family, and you are always part of it.
She also favors what she calls ''the one-object lamp -- as the ultimate accessory in a room, in color or shape or material.''
But it is best to wait and see.
''We did not edit this movie for politics,'' Mr. Blank said.
All in all, there was something endearingly goofy about the ashram.
Jerry Spinelli explained this type of aggrandizement several years ago when he was asked about his acclaimed novel ''Maniac Magee.''
75, of Old Tappan, NJ, formerly of Fair Lawn, NJ, on September 20, 2003, following a brief but courageous battle with cancer.
.4:29:44 15261 Owrid, T, 43M .
More than 3,000 such families now live in Glasgow, and the Glasgow City Council, led by Mr. Gordon, hopes to persuade them to remain if their asylum applications are approved.
A year after its premiere, ''Naked Singularities'' is well on its way to becoming a signature work for Mr. Swanson.
The company's shares peaked at $240 in September 1995, and it rejected a $1.23 billion takeover offer in 1997.
As power was restored in many cities yesterday, elevators started working again.
.4:22:06 13120 Gershman, M, 45M .
They also urged manufacturers to establish and abide by good manufacturing practices and to report all adverse effects promptly to the agency.
Why this sudden surge of interest in music ignored by the public for 250 years?
Loving wife for 55 years of the late Leon Schwimmer.
There, it's passed through a mass spectrometer, where its proteins are analyzed.
But it is also a social and artistic experiment: how to attract new audiences to the classics and galvanize a depressed corner of Germany.
Yet wastewater treatment plants in New Castle and Yorktown still pump more than two million gallons of treated effluent into the reservoir daily, with heavy rainstorms washing in untreated human waste as well.
Under stern orders from a variety of Western countries and institutions to extradite General Mladic by June 15, the prime minister had been trying to buy time by first cracking down on underworld criminals, some of whom are suspected of committing war crimes.
1901 West Alabama Street (713-524-2417).
''I think every game right now is a must-win,'' DiPietro said.
During the 1948-49 academic year, he was in Beijing as a Fulbright research fellow, the first Fulbright scholar, said a spokeswoman for the Council for International Exchange of Scholars, which administers the program.
The estimated box-office total represents an average of $10,809 per screen, making it the most heavily attended per theater, said Paul Dergarabedian, president of Exhibitor Relations, which tracks ticket sales.
A1 Days after delivering a broadly negative report on Iraq's cooperation with international inspectors, Hans Blix, the chief chemical and biological weapons inspector for the U.N., challenged several of the Bush Administration's assertions about Iraqi cheating and the notion that time was running out for disarming Iraq through peaceful means.
Now they are trying to rescue her.
Bring on that Scotch and make the deuces wild.
''I remember he was kidding around, being funny and being a celebrity.
Peter Gasperini, president of Northeast Radiant, a hydronic radiant heat installer in South Salem, N.Y., said that when designing a snow-melting system, the installer should weigh property variables, including slope, drainage, average humidity, typical snow density and even wind velocity.
The JetBlue Airways Corporation said yesterday that it was ordering 100 regional jets for $3 billion from Embraer, the Brazilian aircraft maker, in order to give its fleet more flexibility in adding routes.
Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $35 to $50 (Weber).
''The strategy goes to the root of the work ethic, that in order to have pleasure you must earn it,'' said David Lubars, president and executive creative director for North America at Fallon.
But in the view of many experts the two countries are heading in different directions, at least for the time being.
It was back to reality, back to CNN, back to Baghdad.
Audio can be relayed over analog, digital PCM or digital optical cables.
With a series of temporary measures since 1998, federal law has blocked state and local taxes on Internet connections provided by companies like America Online and EarthLink.
WITH: Robert Carlyle (Adolf Hitler), Stockard Channing (Klara Hitler), Jena Malone (Geli Raubal), Julianna Margulies (Helene Hanfstaengl), Matthew Modine (Fritz Gerlich), Liev Schreiber (Ernst Hanfstaengl), Zoe Telford (Eva Braun), Friedrich Von Thun (Gen. Erich Von Ludendorff) and Peter O'Toole (President Hindenburg).
(+) 10 2 THROUGH THE LENS.
In Times Square, a few minutes after the power went out, subway platforms were only sparsely filled.
At 4:09 p.m., the last links between northern and southern Ohio shut down.
Like many American broadband users, the Chos started out with what is called A.D.S.L., for asymmetric digital subscriber line, which is best at downloading data over broadband telephone networks.
Last month, on a trip back East from the Midwest, Dr. Dean dropped by Nashville for a small fund-raiser and also met with Mr. and Mrs. Gore at their home for 90 minutes.
Right now, the state and localities each pay 25 percent of Medicaid costs, with the federal government paying the balance.
He spoke of how new technologies and new strategies would increase the American military's capacity to defend South Korea.
It would make me miss it more.''
All of the window treatments are included.
While residents of 120th Street described the corner where the shooting occurred as a quiet one, they said drug sellers could be found to the north and south along Lenox Avenue, and one woman on her way to work yesterday morning complained about what she said was an increasing number of drug-related incidents in the neighborhood.
Mr. Ashcroft's latest initiative raises these pressures to a new level.
Service is a big selling point.
With the discovery of dark energy, which accelerates the expansion, they're now even surer.
In June, a California inventor patented a weight-loss laxative whose main ingredient is E. coli, a bacteria that causes food poisoning.
You may have heard advertisements for a seemingly simple ''virtual colonoscopy,'' or colonography, a C.T.
''We are as close as you can get,'' Jim Burt Jr. said.
The 140-acre Crescent Duck Farm in Aquebogue raises almost a million birds a year in its 30 barns.
Of those considered future candidates for citywide or statewide office, only Ms. Fields is a protégée of the Harlem Clubhouse.
Some of his film work, like that for ''White Christmas'' and ''Funny Girl,'' involved orchestrating or conducting the works of other composers.
.5:48:58 31169 O' Ceidigh, P, 46M .
.4:51:46 21205 Spence, R, 44M .
Century Center, 111 East 15th Street, (212) 239-6200.
''It was a very difficult day,'' Armstrong, of the United States Postal Service team, said afterward.
+++ means tickets were at the TKTS booth for last Saturday night only.
''This has nothing to do with rap.
I lived in my uncle's house, in a room across the garden from the main house, trying to write the short stories I needed to apply to creative-writing programs.
Ms. Rice, who was provost of Stanford University for six years, was one of the handful of aides who participated in discussions with Mr. Bush before he decided to file the briefs with the Supreme Court on Thursday night.
Up until then, nearly every form of life in this world lived and died in the weightlessness of aquatic buoyancy.
''Voters are pretty sophisticated,'' Dowd said.
The sign says, ''Caution, Unsignalized Crossings, Next 3 1/2 miles.''
Like many before it, the '66 fire has begun fading into history.
When Lun and 10 other deportees landed in Phnom Penh, the Cambodian authorities welcomed them back by locking them up in a dirty, mosquito-infested detention center.
Instead of telegraphing a patronizing attitude toward Daredevil, Mr. Johnson is too worshipful of the idiom's conventions.
In an influential 1992 decision, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, in New Orleans, considered the case of Florence Corcoran.
Metallica unanimously approved the move, guaranteeing that fans get first crack at hearing the acclaimed disk the way the band intended: loud and unadulterated.''
With no consistent characterization to hide behind, she must quickly adapt to as many characters as there are songs.
''He felt really stupid about doing that, because she was a four degree'' or freshman, ''and he also mentioned that he had not used a condom,'' Cadet Wager said.
And that Tina was so snappy.
But its methods for coming up with a budget in rough times are as flawed as they were before, when there was plenty in the till.
Two Clerks Accused of Forgery Two New York Racing Association parimutuel clerks were arraigned on Monday in Saratoga County Court on multiple counts of forgery in what a spokesman for the state attorney general's office called a ''major tax and identity theft scheme.''
But some vehicles commanded far bigger discounts.
''Even though I was cleared by DNA, it's still a challenge returning to society,'' said Eddie Joe Lloyd, who was on the west side of Detroit in 1985 the night a 16-year-old girl was murdered on the east side.
The Windstar had a 3.8-liter unit.
Philips said it would take a charge of 150 million euros ($166.5 million) in the third quarter in association with plant closings in San Antonio and Albuquerque, N.M. Philips's semiconductor unit posted an operating loss of 139 million euros ($154.3 million) for the second quarter.
James Douglas Morris of St. Claire Shores, Mich., recalls a seven-day trip with 18 other men crammed into a lifeboat after the S.S. Montana was hit by a torpedo from a submarine off the coast of Saudi Arabia.
Many states have enacted so-called shield laws, which provide some protection to reporters in state courts.
But early results from a continuing study by researchers at Children's Memorial Hospital in Chicago showed that in just 1 of 55 pediatric visits, observed by a researcher, did a doctor actually calculate a child's body mass index.
I have long been active in the pro-choice movement; my principal political commitment is my longstanding and continuing role as an abortion-rights advocate.
But Philip Higgins, eating a lobster roll and drinking a whiskey sour, said South Boston had ''lost a good friend.''
Most analysts say that Mr. Blair and Gordon Brown, the chancellor of the exchequer who is known to be skeptical about the euro, would need months of dedicated campaigning to persuade British citizens to vote for a single currency.
Romania, which had won the five previous world titles, finished second.
We had a bad game.
The Korea Development Bank, a government entity, said that it might take control if LG Card failed to attract a bidder and then try to sell the card company later.
Deflation is making it harder for debtors to repay their obligations, while negligible interest rates have made it impossible for pensioners to live off the income on their savings.
''And sometimes you could just feel her in the halls.''
Collision is inevitable, and you see the crash coming from the moment this 90-minute play begins.
The governors had seen an internal memo from Kevin Marsh, Mr. Gilligan's editor, justifying the item as ''a good piece of investigative journalism marred by flawed reporting'' and citing its ''loose use of language and lack of judgment in some of the phraseology.''
But Iraq seemed to lose interest in Arab efforts as it canceled an Arab League delegation's visit to Baghdad.
He had collected human skulls since college; she collected taxidermy.
Ethanol subsidies -- Since 1978, the government has granted numerous tax incentives and subsidies to promote the growth of a domestic ethanol industry.
Forest tours, Saturdays and Sundays at noon.
And Cintas workers, unlike many others, need not worry that their plants, which also do industrial laundry, will move overseas if they unionize.
It was tested for the disease after another elk killed it in a fight.
And he moves around the room as he works.
Lindros, who reported marginal improvement in his vision on Tuesday, was scheduled to be re-examined by an ophthalmologist, Dr. Mark Fromer, on Wednesday.
Mr. Sukalski likes to look at his waterfall, but has learned to kill the noise.
The new rule could make it more difficult for patients to get timely access to those specialists.''
''They were trying to get their lives started,'' said her father, Robert Gantt, who said he was trying to help them get a subsidized apartment.
ON the weekend that ground was broken for the much talked about Mount Vernon Hip-Hop Culture Gallery, four young people were shot on the city's rough south side.
But students who saw the sketch said that the man appeared to be in his 20's or 30's and wore thick-rimmed glasses, and that investigators suggested he might have held a grudge against the school.
Others flocked to tables bearing information on other productions.
Dean hasn't even had a chance to say anything truly outrageous, and already the campaign professionals, sworn enemies of colorful language, are telling him to tone it down, advising him to dilute his essential Howard Dean-ness.
Ms. Starbucks was a mermaid, too.
No, Mr. Wen will smile and say: ''You should learn Mandarin now.
Even if you don't buy this for the mostly well-selected music -- which ranges from Velvet Underground classics to three songs from ''Berlin'' to his 11-minute, three-act mini-opera ''Street Hassle'' -- then buy it for the liner notes.
''There's a natural beauty in the way things work,'' he says.
‘This is not what our founders were talking about when they were talking about the First Amendment,’ said Mark Crispin Miller, a professor in the culture and communications department at New York University.
The senior senator from Georgia assails positions taken by his fellow Democrats.
To Tom, the Midwest demands more piety, cheerfulness and physical strength than he has in reserve.
''I was particularly concerned about the expulsion of a member of the board because he was critical of the way the company was managed,'' the letter said.
* ''CULTIVATED LANDSCAPES: REFLECTIONS OF NATURE IN CHINESE PAINTING WITH SELECTIONS FROM THE COLLECTION OF MARIE-HÉLÈNE AND GUY WEILL,'' Metropolitan Museum of Art, Fifth Avenue at 82nd Street, (212) 535-7710 (through Feb. 9).
But though flame-retardant materials encase the newer cables, that material could still catch fire in an extensive blaze, distributing smoke and toxic gases throughout a building.
First he stumbled around the corner, dripping blood, and collapsed near the front door of his home.
Ms. Krawcheck has in the past criticized the widely held view on Wall Street that research is a cost center, incapable of generating its own profits.
''This is my first job,'' he said, shaking his head.
The researchers acknowledge that there are a lot of unknowns in their study, particularly the amount of hydrogen that might be taken up by soils.
Pastor Ronaldo hands out small plastic cups to each person and urges them to bring a friend the following Sunday to get the holy water he will distribute.
THRASHERS 3, LIGHTNING 2: Ilya Kovalchuk scored his second goal of the game with 15.2 seconds left in overtime for visiting Atlanta.
''Now we'll be able to begin what we're here for and accomplish what we're all about, which is accomplishing the nation's business.''
If the handling reminds you of the Altima, there is a reason: the cars have a common platform.
Analysts on average were looking for a profit of 63 cents a share, according to First Call.
Mushrooms sprouted on the lawn.
After the birth, ''he only held him for 20 minutes or so,'' she said.
But Rob Filberg never lived in the house he commissioned.
Among those projects, according to people who have been briefed on Mr. Pataki's speech, will be a temporary bridge over West Street, to be built near Vesey Street on the north side of the site.
His father is the chief of the infectious diseases division at the Wayne State University School of Medicine in Detroit.
Unbeknownst to almost all of its parishioners, the elaborate sanctuary of St. Thomas the Apostle -- an ornate neo-Gothic church built by Irish immigrants at the turn of the last century and completed in 1907 -- had celebrated its last Mass on Aug. 3, several longtime parishioners said yesterday.
It has also continued to summarily repatriate refugees from North Korea and deny them access to the United Nations, appearing to violate its obligations under a 1951 treaty.
'' said Shelley M. MacDermid, co-director of the Military Family Research Institute, a Pentagon-financed group at Purdue University.
A 3,000-square-foot section of the roof of the hotel will be available for parties and special events.
If the court follows its usual practices, the senior judge in the majority will assign the writing of the decision.
Galleries: Uptown NORA ASLAN, ''Flora y Fauna,'' Pavel Zoubok, 1014 Madison Avenue, at 78th Street, (212) 879-5858, through Nov. 15.
It closed schools early, forced flight cancellations, disrupted highway and rail travel and knocked out power for thousands.
''In the early 90's, for a press conference in the East Room,'' I said.
Unaware that the Japanese had already left the island of Kiska, the Americans landed ready to fight.
According to Mr. Mandarino, the long-awaited report quotes heavily from documents produced by Polaroid's former accounting advisers and incorporates some documents as exhibits.
''When the war started, we had some cancellations the first week, but we went back to normal, and we will be fully booked for Easter and the rest of the month.''
Warren Morris drove in two runs and scored another for the Tigers, who stopped a six-game losing streak.
Ms. Mahoy said she lived on a Social Security check of $1,069 a month, but had withdrawn thousands of dollars from her individual retirement account to pay for prescriptions to treat arthritis, allergies, depression and other conditions.
Terry Trippler, the air fare expert at the travel site Cheapseats.com, suggested that the retreat from the stricter policies, which was led by American Airlines and quickly matched by other major carriers, was ''precipitated by American peering into September and realizing there is no travel rebound afoot, and that they have to stop bleeding market share to Southwest, JetBlue'' and other low-fare carriers.
The University of California, Berkeley, has selected Christopher Edley Jr., a law professor at Harvard University and a Clinton administration official, as the dean of the Boalt Hall School of Law.
If the president's efforts are focused on getting Abu Mazen to act, and getting Sharon to exercise continued restraint, he can create some momentum here.''
''The world will commit itself to more secure computing.
Aggreko, a British company that supplies power generators, said that its chief executive died on Monday in a car accident.
It's not surprising, then, that Rove and his deputies have called some of Moore's backers to complain about the club's tactics.
Some Americans made fun of Nixon for this, and Nixon defended himself by saying, 'You can force people to go out and welcome a foreign leader, but you can't force them to smile.'
In 19th-century London, a notorious rake discovers that love sometimes accompanies passion.
It just seemed like a natural fit.''
He also recommended that a flying evaluation board decide whether Major Schmidt should be allowed to fly for the Air Force.
Public health officials say that may indicate how practitioners have become increasingly shrewd.
Looks Into Chairman The chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission sent the board of the New York Stock Exchange a letter seeking more details about the compensation of its chairman.
Forever in my heart, Hilda
He called the Giants' final timeout to put the punt team on the field for the safety after taking time to decide whether the offense would go for it on fourth-and-19 at the 3.
The Burrows book actually contains far more damning information about Hewlett's naïveté and his casual neglect of his boardroom responsibilities in the months -- and indeed years -- before the showdown over Compaq.
A report in the National Briefing column on July 31 about an effort to revoke the license of a Nebraska doctor, Tahir Ali Javed, whose practices may have caused the spread of hepatitis C, misidentified the agency involved.
This city is immersed in photography exhibitions, a coincidence of scheduling, perhaps, that the museums here decided made a catchy marketing scheme.
He wants to talk to his family before he makes an announcement.
The F.D.A., which last week proposed tough new labels to warn consumers that ephedra could cause heart attacks, strokes and death, is expected to have more to say on ephedra after a 30-day period it established for comments from the public on the labels.
Turkish officials contend that the United States has never fully appreciated the overwhelming public opposition to the war in Iraq or the Turkish government's concerns about the effects such a war could have on this country.
Mr. Davis's challenge on Friday to debate Mr. Schwarzenegger, and a new television commercial raising doubts about the actor-turned-politician's competence to run the state, are telltale marks of the new aggressiveness.
''I was constantly doing delicatessen openings,'' he recalled with a laugh.
The savings in health care and disability costs, it said, were $1,661 per executive over a three-year period beginning with the year of the exam.
''People going to judge me, how I live in a group home,'' said Linda.
''A-Rod sent to Boston by some other owner for financial reasons, and bringing the World Series.''
But like many people who live on private lakes, Mr. Good and his neighbors have a problem: the dam that holds back the water is corroding and if it is not fixed soon, Sterling Lake could become Sterling Swamp.
The Devils had to kill a too-many-men-on-the-ice penalty in the final three and a half minutes, but Carolina managed just two shots on Brodeur on the power play.
He initially told the police that he was in the pilothouse and tried to take control from the pilot, Richard J. Smith, an assistant captain.
Memorial Services will be held Monday March 3rd at Carlsbad By The Sea Retirement Center in Carlsbad.
If it doesn't, it could end up a cautionary tale, a handsome souvenir of the go-go years in the wine country.
But now a historian of mathematics at Stanford, sifting through ancient parchment overwritten by monks and nearly ruined by mold, appears to have solved the mystery of what the treatise was about.
He continued to go through the items, checking the batteries, unscrewing tops, examining syringes.
TOM WESSELMANN, ''The Great American 60's,'' Maxwell Davidson, 41 East 57th Street, (212) 759-7555 (through June 13).
But one must always be careful what one wishes for: Johnson would probably be appalled by many of the results of his reforms.
''It's always been there,'' she said.
In other words, ''Lost in a Good Book'' is a book in which one isn't allowed to get lost.
He pulled fresh sage, rosemary and thyme from the refrigerator, along with an unruly bunch of flat-leaf parsley, and set them on the kitchen island.
Toys ''R'' Us's share has slipped to 17 percent, he added, calling it ''a pretty big shift.''
ON a recent chilly afternoon, customers were tucking into scones or fish and chips at Jeanie Bean & Company, a 13-table tearoom and British grocery store in the Town of Clinton, when Sigourney Weaver, wearing a jacket and jeans, strode in and briskly ordered a box of Weetabix at the counter.
The preservation group and many residents have urged the university to dim the lights after hours or, turn them off completely.
.3:15:56 1118 De Luccia, M, 27M .
''No government wants to be seen bowing to American pressure.''
His linguistic confusion over the word ''tire'' led to the construction of a life-size model of a car crash, in which a Jeep has lost its wheel and careered out of the frame.
The Derby Avenue bridge whimsically features a painted bas-relief shield of the Yale symbol, indicating Yale Bowl's exit.
''I think that's the first goal I got on my birthday,'' Pandolfo said.
11 207 THE LOST BOY, by Dave Pelzer.
In the last year, Mr. Grasso's critics successfully assailed him for sitting on the boards of two companies whose shares trade on the exchange.
He really wanted to work with Brad on the grass.''
And you have to understand -- if you party, it's not going to take you over the edge.''
Our deepest condolences to the Fisher family.
Our hearts, our love and our prayers are with Phil, Jeffrey, Ivy, Mark and Joanne.
The setup is familiar from a host of Hammettesque novels and noir movies: a good-looking dame comes to see a private dick and asks him to tail her two-timing husband.
The court sent the case back to the Onondaga County trial judge for a new sentencing on second-degree murder.
In the only immediate reaction to the attacks, Israel put off the release of some 70 Palestinian prisoners.
in New York had no comment yesterday.
Market timing is now under intense scrutiny, and insiders that engaged in it are clearly vulnerable.
General Manager Brian Cashman has said that Wells, who also made disparaging remarks about some teammates, tarnished the image of the Yankees with his ribald tales.
For a year and a half, the United States has held hundreds of people captured during the war in Afghanistan as prisoners in Guantánamo Bay without access to family, lawyers or any semblance of due process.
It seems impossible right now.''
The Union of Needletrades, Industrial and Textile Employees said the drive was one of its largest, an effort to organize 17,000 Cintas workers.
Each preparation will take its place in the liturgy of the restaurant meal, to be recited between the drinks order and the arrival of the wine list, something for the waiters to talk about, something to sell.
MILWAUKEE BUCKS--Signed G Damon Jones.
''I am not afraid of the power of the United States,'' said Roman Giertych, a leader in the League of Polish Families, a staunchly Roman Catholic party which, like the pope, opposed the war in Iraq.
In Africa's richest and most developed society, there may be no more bare and more sensitive divide between past and present than this.
Moore, who returned to M.L.S.
In smaller buildings, particularly those outside Manhattan, he said, a superintendent may be ''a staff of one'' with a salary of only $35,000 a year and a studio apartment.
An additional festival performance will take place outdoors on Sunday from 1 to 3 p.m. at the Empire-Fulton Ferry State Park on the waterfront between the Manhattan and Brooklyn Bridges, Brooklyn; (718) 855-8822 or www.whitewavedance.com (Dunning).
Luckily for our two guests, Howard G. Goldberg of The Times and David Rosengarten, editor in chief of The Rosengarten Report, a food-and-wine newsletter, they shared my enthusiasm.
They are far more than just places to park or launch boats, cultural historians and planners say.
From his vantage in the C.I.A.
An American Special Operations soldier died of injuries he received Wednesday during military operations in eastern Afghanistan, a statement from the United States Central Command said tonight.
''That was all that was expected by an audience.
''Matt Schwede: Paper Hearts, Organic Tissues.''
''I don't control my schedule because I respond to my businesses.
''We've had meetings; obviously they're not working,'' Harris said.
''So it's just telling the musicians, 'Stand in line,' again.
Second, the beneficial effects of marriage on low-income single mothers may be significantly smaller than for American women on the whole.
Glavine, who has not come close to living up to expectations this season, was coming off a 3-1 victory over Arizona in which he gave up one run in six innings.
The sweet love and infinite wisdom you imparted live on.
Robbins did not play in the Raiders' first three games while he continued to recover from off-season knee surgery.
They plan to add a costly (up to $30 million) -- and as yet unproven -- concrete intake tower, that would alter the flow profile above the dam in order to attract fish for safe downstream passage.
But marketing teams at movie studios have on occasion demonstrated a different approach.
We repent of segregation, of treating one group of people as not equal with others, and we ask for forgiveness and the blessing of reconciliation that will come forth from this.''
In the middle of all of this is the Yale student body.
Even in the big leagues you can get there any way you want, and you're still part of the team.
''They are going to keep meeting stiff resistance from Dana because they won't accept this current offer price,'' said Efraim Levy, senior automotive analyst with Standard & Poor's Equity Group in New York.
''In the world of the few good people, he would still stand above all good people,'' Carmine E. Esposito said of his cousin, Marc Zanichelli, who was shot in the head after he was unable to open the safe in the auto parts store where he had worked for four years.
Restoration of the main house alone required two years of constant work.
Saturn is buying product placements for its new Ion car line in episodes of ''Cram,'' a new series on the Game Show Network, as well as episodes of ''Survivor: The Amazon,'' starting on CBS on Feb. 13.
Dave cranked on the reel handle, while the rest of us shaded our eyes against the setting sun.
The information is sent to a meteorological consultant under contract to the town, using the same network cellular phones use.
Mr. Haimowitz works it into at least three-quarters of the dishes on the menu.
''We have nothing to hide in America when it comes to results.''
Huang estimates that one will hit the world market by 2018.
Tickets: $35 (Dunning) NILES FORD URBAN DANCE COLLECTIVE.
Defense lawyers say the action was a peaceful protest against the government of Saddam Hussein.
7 Kentucky won its 10th straight.
But that's also often where affordable housing is needed the most.''
These days, she said, she tends to tell them first about the maternal advantages.
In addition, witnesses say, Mr. Kadyrov's men have torn down the election posters of his rivals and used threats to force bus drivers to display his portrait.
All three left-wing opposition parties -- the Socialists, the Communists and the radical Left Block -- said they would submit censure motions later this month because the government had linked Portugal to a war by agreeing to stage a meeting of the United States, Britain and Spain on the Azores that started the countdown to war on Iraq.
Motorola said the decline reflected its work with retailers cut back on the number of phones in inventory.
Then again, they looked happy to have something to do in the mostly empty dining room.
In the second half, Warner threw his only touchdown pass (he completed 34 of 54 passes for 342 yards), but he was also intercepted by Omar Stoutmire.
Benchmarks: Writes compositions that fulfill different purposes; Writes persuasive compositions that evaluate, interpret, and speculate about problems/solutions and causes and effects; Writes reflective compositions (CTSS – ‘english’, ‘9-12’, ‘1’) Language Arts Standard 8- Demonstrates competence in speaking and listening as tools for learning.
We had a little bit of adjustments to make.
Cheeks, reached recently by telephone, said of that moment with Natalie Gilbert: ''I never thought about doing it before I did it.
Both victims were executives of a huge air-defense contractor involved in export of antiaircraft weapons and other systems.
But Dr. Atkinson said the study should be redone because she was unable to account for the contents of about 1,200 other bottles.
The Internet Movie Database lists more than 350 films, television movies and videos with the word ''wedding'' in the title, 373 with ''bride'' and 326 with ''marriage'' -- and that's just a start.
Besides, the 6-foot-1 Mr. Moore said, the seats on the Concorde were cramped and the fare ''was very expensive.''
The Federal Home Loan Banks of Pittsburgh and Atlanta will have a combined third-quarter loss of $16 million.
In beginning the crackdown campaign yesterday, Cary Sherman, president of the Recording Industry Association, took pains to portray the step as one reluctantly taken to protect the livelihoods of gospel singers, pit musicians and record store clerks -- not just record executives and millionaire divas.
Employees said they were given the chance to be interviewed for positions with Union Beer Distributors or with Phoenix Beverage Inc., a distributor of familiar brands that will distribute many of the other specialty beers.
Besides, he said, ''I've seen any number of banks which had a nonexecutive chairman who was not a true governance oversight individual.''
Lemon was fired 14 games into the season.
To serve, brush each pancake with hoisin to taste, add some shredded duck and scallions and roll up as for Peking duck.
In Louisiana, a mother of three young children said she was heartened by the bigger child tax credit proposed by the president but wondered why the plan seemed to give even more to the wealthy.
A heavily populated novel (its two principal characters, Andrew and Penny, suffer from multiple personality disorder).
Still, his tale prompted debate on ''N.F.L.
Apparently hoping that television coverage would assure him a last chance to make his case, Mr. Aziz had sought an interview with Ms. Sawyer, the co-host of Good Morning America, who most recently interviewed the Dixie Chicks for ABC's Primetime after their recent criticism onstage of President Bush and the war in Iraq.
I'm happy to play with Oakland.
And it will be cramped, with about 8,500 square feet of selling space compared with 12,000 in the old place.
But American officials said the three countries had agreed to start work before the establishment of sovereignty in Iraq, a previous Paris Club precondition to debt reduction talks.
Of course, as industries get weaker, the unions in those industries get weaker, too.''
After the sales frenzy, a touch of cold air; after shared work, the staff's break-up into individuals going their own ways.
Although he was a life-long Republican, he nonetheless played on a baseball team affiliated with the Yonkers Democrats -- the Chippewa Club.
It had nothing to do with Steinway.''
Mayor Douglas J. Steinhardt protested that the builder was more interested in maximizing profit than in opportunities for young families.
Educators should also assess the political costs of detracking.
So he doesn't present his story as if it's universal social revelation.
Would-be bad actors who were emboldened by the article should think again.
Mr. Lee declined to give a reason for closing the factory.
No one knows what has happened to their cases and whether they will ever be allowed to leave here.
''I'm excited about him being sure of when he wants to play,'' Houston said after the Pacers drubbed the Knicks, 93-70, in Indianapolis on Thursday night to snap their three-game winning streak.
Most companies want customers on their own Web sites because they can then market additional products, answer questions and address problems -- while requiring less time from employees and saving on phone calls and letters.
On display is the white python floor-length coat trimmed with arctic fox designed for the waif model Twiggy's American tour in 1969.
Toward the end of the first half, with the Jets at the 4-yard line, he wound up in the right corner of the end zone with 37 seconds left.
''At the same time, I think it's a statement of hope, that the World Trade Center will come back to be a powerful and meaningful development.''
The tight security surrounding the liftoff, along with the apparent absence of any signs of trouble during the shuttle's 16-day flight, appeared to make that unlikely, officials said.
There are rodeo photographs in his office, which sports much peeled wood and a vast picture window, through which you can sometimes spot a small herd of handsome crossbred Mexican cattle.
Experts say that the experience of Three Rivers is not unique.
Larry put up with a lot, and his death shrinks to a handful the number of survivors of the Negro Leagues.
Traditional historians try to ignore them, these gadflies who claim to know better than the experts.
''Even if she didn't commit insider trading, if the allegations that she tried to make false statements to the Justice Department are true, that is terribly serious,'' said Joel Seligman, dean of Washington University Law School in St. Louis.
''We know Colorado is on our heels and we can't afford to let anything slip away no matter where we play.''
Four years ago, Ms. Rogers, a Brooklyn resident, gave up a three-decade career as a book editor to devote as much time as possible to traveling to remote and largely unspoiled parts of the world to observe primates, the closest living relatives to human beings.
''Obviously,'' Mr. Cox said, ''there's a bit of a cloud hanging over the city right now.
I would like to say that I'm sick and tired of people exploiting the Academy Awards for the propagation of their own personal propaganda.
On the intersection's other two corners, a performing arts center and hotel and office building are planned.
''Mimi is cream because she's halfway between the real world and bohemia,'' Ms. Martin said.
ABC buried the series by scheduling it on Thursday nights at 8, opposite ''Friends'' and ''Scrubs'' on NBC.
''We like to be thin,'' Ms. Gonzalez said, ''but not all over.''
Maria Santana had dated Mr. Casellas before he left her for the woman he would marry, the authorities said, and Ms. Casellas and Ms. Santana detested each other, leading to their fight.
Mr. Ledesma would later say nothing more than that the police employed a ''tried and tested'' strategy to free his children, Christina and Julio.
Michael and Frank, mother-in-law of Marlene and Anita, grandmother of Roberta, Felicia, Andrew, Adam and Sharon.
Disney Capitalizing on Weddings Disney and other hotel and resort companies are capitalizing on the boom in destination weddings.
Center for the Performing Arts, 91 University Place, Princeton.
Some were unopened in plastic wrappers.
He imbued the ending with such overwhelming force here that it seemed to tie everything together retrospectively, leaving the impression of a unified if not always cohesive whole.
He grew into a man who would sprint to his car after playing in baseball games to go play hockey.
Ms. Gonsalves said the cost of changing the name of her salon came to about $1,000, which included related advertising.
The most current estimates, according to authority officials, are that the building can be finished for $450 million.
In tough times, though, even political alliances may not offer protection.
''Dad,'' Brandon called to Mr. Rosen, visiting from Miami.
As a last resort, he would accidentally-on-purpose miss the bus, he said, so his mother would have to drive him.
We extend our deepest sympathy to her husband Truman and to her children Molly, Steve and Tom.
Rangers goaltender Mike Dunham, who was 3-10-2 over his previous 15 appearances, stopped 31 shots last night as the Rangers improved to 8-5-2-2 this season at the Garden.
For some time now I've been wanting to get a dog.
The computer system does not allow the Division of Motor Vehicles to store or retrieve photographs.
MARK R. LOW Worcester, Mass., Nov. 3, 2003
Devoted mother of Merrill and the late Steven.
Brian O'Neill, a deputy inspector in the New York Police Department, said: ''This wasn't something we came up with and tried to coax legitimate businessmen into doing.
Artists are developing so many distinctive and individual ways of working with it that often you barely see it anymore.
Net income in FedEx's second quarter dropped to $91 million, or 30 cents a share, from $245 million, or 81 cents a share, a year earlier, the company said.
''The buildings will be a combination of market-rate rentals and condos.''
WYOMING -- The Lower Shoshone River near Cody is a tail water and open all year with rainbow, cutthroat and brown trout.
On the negative side are two huge unresolved issues.
Wherever it is, we will stand against it and we will smash its head.''
Energy and the Environment Our third goal is to promote energy independence for our country, while dramatically improving the environment.
He would have more credibility if he stood up for the Constitution when it was attacked by demagogues like Chief Justice Moore.
Compay Segundo, the salty Cuban singer and guitarist who rose to global fame in his 90's as the eldest of the elder musical statesmen featured on the album and film ''Buena Vista Social Club,'' died on Sunday at his home in Havana, an official at his record company in Spain said.
For a bit more body and richness, there is Duboeuf's Fleurie, Domaine des Bachelards.
The demise of the program was no surprise to Andrew Albert, co-chairman of Community Board 7's transportation committee.
Arnold Schwarzenegger now sees the hours, days, week, months and years of truth dawning.
Now Sutton and Coach Herman Edwards smile confidently, knowing that Cowart and Lewis are healthy, and joining the redoubtable Marvin Jones, all things are possible with the Jets this season.
Professor Leamer took the opposite stance, contending that it was important to consider the plan's consequences in the longer term.
Mr. McDonald, who is 59, can't seem to keep still.
Mr. Gerson said in an interview that using religious language was not an attempt to deliver a coded message to believers.
''It couldn't be simpler, but that's what makes it so perfect for summer.
The Legislature is so divided along party lines that the governor, Democrat or Republican, could face partisan hostility at every turn.
Ms. Thompson cannot bring herself to call her mother-in-law anymore.
The Council is overwhelmingly Democratic, and the three Republicans voted no.
I am ready for something new.''
He mentioned two of Mr. Young's holdings, Samsung Electronics and Petrobras.
The last war with Iraq greatly enhanced American prestige and influence.
Many actors have trouble with their hands.
WEISS--Gus W. Of Washington, D.C. on November 25, 2003 at age 72.
Mattresses were laid out to treat injured students not far from the flattened four-story building.
Judge Gertner's opinion concluded with a ringing endorsement of how well the Lynn plan had worked, and how well its proponents had made the case for its benefits.
Although the stated motive for his resignation was ''solely for personal and family reasons,'' the reporters got Skilling to admit that he would not have quit had Enron's stock price -- which by then was less than half of its high achieved the previous year -- stayed up.
Mr. Zilkha holds 8.9 million shares of El Paso stock that have dropped in value by $586 million since January 2001.
Mr. Pataki, a Republican, wields extraordinary influence over the authority, for he appoints its board, its chairman and its inspector general.
She served our school with grace and wisdom.
Almost poetically, Watson, the five-time British Open champion, was walking past the scorer's trailer after a 77 yesterday when Ho, who had finished 20 minutes earlier, was asked if, when growing up in Seoul, he had been inspired by any particular golfer.
While Iverson proved unstoppable, the Hornets received no production from their own explosive point guard, Davis.
It was resurrected in 1960, but the revival was short-lived, and along with the departure of the Dodgers in 1957 and the closing of the Navy Yard in 1966, many saw the end of The Eagle as a sign of the borough's demise.
Beloved wife of the late Alexander Stone, mother of Amy and Andy, sister of Stella Daniels, Murray and Al Goldstein.
These churches are seeker-sensitive, not authoritarian.
A Senate panel passed a similar bill.
Odd pitches and poor matches have led to an outpouring of anecdotes.
This is someone who's very fragile.'''
Yousef Abu Nadi, 14, was killed in one of those incidents, they said.
It is clear that New Yorkers end up eating a lot of salads that are repetitive at best and unpleasant at worst.
The Cardinals stayed three and a half games behind Chicago in the Central race with three games to go.
This company of more than 50 singers, dancers, acrobats and instrumentalists, which I saw last in a fascinating mix of ancient and recent examples, returns with stagings of two classics: ''The Flaming Phoenix'' and ''The Monkey King Wreaks Havoc in Heaven.''
Susan E. Rice, who was assistant secretary of state for African affairs in the Clinton administration, said she expected the White House to settle on a plan that would primarily involve sending troops into Liberia to provide command, communications and intelligence capabilities to the West African peacekeeping forces on the ground.
But Suffolk has pushed back its ban to 2006 from 2004 -- a change that owners of Nassau bars and restaurants worry could hurt them by tempting people to cross county lines for the right to smoke.
In fact, they're selective about whom they wish to ride with, if anybody.
San and Bob Miller LeFRAK-Samuel J.
Last year, 30,000 people descended on Miami for this spinoff of the Swiss contemporary art show, and Norman Braman, the host committee chairman and a prominent art collector, predicts that nearly twice that number will show up this year.
For the risks are huge, and they are imperial.
And now, she said, ''I own half of that tree.''
''For many gay men, a leather event is nothing more than a costume ball,'' said Stephen Pevner, a theater and movie producer who also produces the Black Party in Manhattan, an annual $100 dance event.
Violators are given 24 hours, or face additional tickets.
He added, ''I'm struck by how they've gotten away from the traditional notions of monuments, to the experience of memorialization.''
We were about to enter the Maragatera, a steep, hilly district extending from its market town, Astorga, southwest to Mount Teleno, a long, deceptively gentle ridge rising to over 7,000 feet.
Russia's upper house of Parliament, the Federation Council, overwhelmingly rejected legislation yesterday that would have made Russian the country's official language and banned the use of foreign words and vulgarities.
In one scene we even see Mr. Pekar on a soundstage with his friend Toby, while nearby Mr. Giamatti sits in a director's chair next to Judah Friedlander, who plays Toby.
Critics like to point to the university as well -- but as evidence of a fief.
Even the critical connection with New York Harbor and the Statue of Liberty is renewed, as the particular shape of Mr. Libeskind's spire repeats the lines of Liberty's upraised arm and torch; in fact, the silhouette of the entire tower seems to retrace in the sky the contours of the entire statue.
Despite the debate over interest rates, many individual and professional investors are likely to be happy.
''He did something that's been very difficult to get people to do: he committed early in his career to Detroit,'' said Randy Smith, then the Tigers' general manager.
We extend our deepest sympathy to Jack, Harvey, Linda and grandchildren.
In lieu of flowers, donations to American Cancer Society, 669 Littleton Rd., Parsippany, NJ 07054.
Today, some Defense Department officials said the role played by foreign extremists, including members of the Lebanese resistance group Hezbollah, remained a source of increasing concern.
Bring 6 quarts of water to a rolling boil and add 2 tablespoons salt.
And his 13-year-old brother is planning to start this summer, he said.
But Agassi took his family on the road.
Ladies and gentlemen, seldom has history offered a greater opportunity to do so much for so many.
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, riding high in the polls three weeks before elections because of his tough treatment of Palestinians, has been hit with corruption accusations that threaten his candidacy.
Her Indian students here lead lives that are in many ways the same as those of any young Americans, but the girls seek a deeper connection to their parents' country.
In 1988, the year before Hurricane Hugo permanently closed four large hotels, the coral-rich Buck Island Reef National Monument, he said, attracted 105,000 visitors, compared with 50,213 in 2002.
After the shootings, they ended up in Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg's workspace on the second floor.
Kids aren't using when there's perceived peer disapproval.
Cherished son-in-law of Henrietta Margolis.
As Coleman Silk, a classics professor chased from his job after being absurdly accused of racism, Mr. Hopkins has a loose, mellow exuberance that almost persuades you to overlook a basic, insurmountable improbability, namely that his character is a black man who has spent most of his adulthood passing for white.
In some cases, the so-called research guarantee fees paid by Morgan Stanley to other firms exceeded the amount the other firm that provided research earned as part of the group selling the shares to the public.
Then came her months of muffled recuperation: a metaphor for the low-grade fever of inertia and unease that has set in at home in the months since that Saddam statue fell.
I paid $509 without tax on an off-season rate.
I see it as a lose-lose.''
In the other, Long Island.
I had a whole curriculum developed.
Race-day registration, $30; $20 for club members; $12 for junior and senior members.
Merrill Lynch one of the biggest underwriters, also declined to comment.
''By seeing the head of Goliath off to one side, David is suddenly put into action rather than simply being an emblem of victory,'' Mr. Radke said.
''My happiest day is when Jeffrey Loria is able to announce that the franchise has been forever saved and secured in South Florida,'' Samson said.
''It's a real achievement for a filmmaker to tell the story when so few of the principals are around,'' said Cornell Capa, who appears in the film in an older interview since Parkinson's disease has made it difficult for him to talk on camera.
In Europe, too, NATO's importance is being questioned as that of the European Union seems to grow.
Asked how he could know the story was inaccurate before it was published, James Florez, a spokesman for the national organization, said he could tell ''because of the nature'' of the questions a reporter had asked, and ''because of the nature of past coverage.''
His family has owned wheat and barley fields since 1630, when his relatives came with Ottoman conquerors to occupy the area now known as Iraq.
''But once I got a rock through my window by mistake.''
Mr. Jamelske had released each of his earlier captives after warning them not to go to the authorities.
24 Oklahoma State, but the team rallied for a serviceable 17-7 victory.
4 9 5 BEYOND BELIEF, by Elaine Pagels.
Whether the choice will ultimately prove to be Carrie's Mr.
In May 2000, Octagon moved into its first office, a small room atop a Dunkin' Donuts shop in King of Prussia, Pa., a Philadelphia suburb.
Spina specializes in high-end, handmade passementerie.
Her first wedding, planned as an elopement, was initially thwarted by a Nevada law forbidding marriage between whites and Asians.
In establishing the new Frank E. Taplin Jr. Public Intellectual Award (an initiative that Frank enthusiastically supported), the Foundation celebrates Frank's lifelong dedication to the liberal and performing arts and to their relevance in the world of affairs.
Sigler was a good superintendent,'' she said, noting that ''our entire school family is distressed by this development.''
GREENSBORO COLLEGE--Announced the resignation of Ben Guiliano, softball coach.
NADINE GORDIMER turns 80 this year.
The good news, the upward tug, came on Thursday.
But the number-crunchers say there is no avoiding both service cuts and tax increases.
The provisions for MTBE, or methyl tertiary butyl ether, were promoted by Representative Tom DeLay of Texas, the House majority leader, and Republican Representatives Billy Tauzin of Louisiana and Joe L. Barton ofTexas.
I shot all this stuff around London for three or four days, then I went back to meet with the whole band, and it was really intense.
''He can give them a second Allen charge,'' said Daniel J. Horwitz, a former prosecutor and now a partner at Carter Ledyard & Milburn.
The texture is creamy and chewy at the same time, and the flavor is intriguing, a little like chocolate but with an earthy undertone.
You cannot equate blowing up children on a bus with building on land someone else considers his.
He is offering a boulder of rose quartz the size of an old Volkswagen.
Nine of this year's 23 events have been captured by Asian-born players.
''I want to repeat: We had a $200 million hole in our budget.
The American military holds a big advantage over potential foes because it can fight effectively at night using night-vision equipment.
Meanwhile, Olivia, a self-described ''lifestyle company that connects, transforms and celebrates the lives of lesbians,'' is organizing a weeklong cruise in July from Boston to Montreal that, in addition to featuring two concert performances by the singer K. D. Lang, will begin with marriage ceremonies in Boston for any of the expected 1,200 passengers who want to kick off their trip by getting married.
It is a tribute to environmental activism that from the stripers' point of view, fishing is now more frightening than the remaining pollutants.
''We tried to mount a real defense and organize as many people as possible,'' she said yesterday, ''to understand that what was at stake here was the ability of defense counsel to fully represent and make decisions concerning political clients.''
We now have evidence of a disease that we didn't have before in the U.S.'' Agriculture officials and leaders of the beef industry were particularly concerned about the impact on domestic sales and beef exports.
Mr. Grass, a sophomore, was an American studies major.
Although she had experience in places like Mozambique and the West Bank, Ms. Logan arrived at the network with the notoriety -- and gossip-column fame -- that cling to young women who rise too quickly in newsrooms.
At the public university where I used to work, it was first-arrive, first-park.
Surely that isn't the case?
Finding the special education students in Marilyn Murphy's first-grade class is challenging.
Fat and protein are digested more slowly than carbohydrates and may delay the return of hunger.
Gary Dilts, a Chrysler vice president, acknowledged that Chrysler raised incentives slightly on the Ram in October, but maintained there were no out-of-the-ordinary discounts on the Ram last month.
The hospital treated many of the Russian soldiers wounded in Chechnya -- dozens a month.
Experts predicted the findings would lead doctors to focus more on the way the heart recovers from a workout.
''The universe is a big place with many different kinds of worlds,'' intones the narrator of the 25-minute film ''Alien Encounters,'' shown in the high-tech interactive StarRider Theater, where a remote control on each armrest lets the audience, by general consensus, steer a spaceship through a landscape resembling the Grand Canyon on steroids.
He said he worried that this might mean that his son had made a false confession to secure better treatment, or at least a resolution to his long months of doing nothing and being charged with nothing at Guantánamo Bay.
''If our magazine's growth is an indicator, then the ski industry is in for an epic ride.''
Spring is different for David Wells, the embattled left-hander who has been in limbo since excerpts of his autobiography became public last week.
Mr. Thibault said that although he was hurt that he would not make it into the National Gallery show, he did not plan to press more claims.
Eleanor Schimmel's untitled encaustic paintings -- one luminously pearly, the other a glowing red over equally intense blue -- use thick crusts of pigment to create multilayered surfaces into which she carves linear swirls and circles.
Looking out the window of that space shuttle, I thought if that little girl growing up in Chicago could see her older self now, she would have a huge grin on her face.
The Yaphank jail, completed in 1961, was designed for 504 inmates but now houses about 588.
RACHEL DRATCH, of ''Saturday Night Live,'' was the evening's host.
These hard candies, made with a barley-water base in the English style, are from Tiny Trapeze, a new company in Hyde Park, Mass., which makes artisanal candies using organic ingredients.
Stoney Creek Falls tinkled heavily as I sailed myself into the wind, watching Julia Roberts on DVD.
.4:01:55 8176 Groleau, M, 26F .
An Israeli Army spokesman confirmed the operation and said Palestinians had shot at the soldiers, who returned the fire and hit several of their assailants.]
The ads will be incorporated into the show.
''Everybody have to watch out,'' he said.
McKeon was rescued from the dreaded R-word last summer when the Marlins' leadership, under Jeffrey Loria, recognized that McKeon was too young at heart to hang around on his porch.
But does he still have what it takes on the field to open cracks in the Oakland Raiders' defense, the N.F.L.
Nextel Communications raised its 2003 profit forecast, after second-quarter net income more than doubled on rising demand for its walkie-talkie service.
Keiko should probably never have been removed from his native pod.
It was the most dazzling play in the building so far this season.
But the idea that movies might become more attractive if they were presented on a wider screen sparked a revolution in movie-going and movie-making the consequences of which continue to reverberate in brand-new multiplexes and even, perhaps ironically, in state-of-the-art home entertainment centers.
Children were being infected with H.I.V.
And Howard Dean just cannot compete with George Bush on foreign policy.
Vinny Testaverde was healthy, their defense had been rebuilt with free agents and they had a coach whose success reaching the playoffs as a rookie had raised hopes that a championship was within reach.
Feb. 10: The World Monuments Fund held its first Paul Mellon lecture series, which will deal with architecture and preservation in Britain.
''This is not a time for speaking out and grandstanding,'' but rather for studying the maps and data, she said.
By evening, he was savoring a meal at Mirko's, an intimate restaurant in Water Mill, at the best table in the house.
Brett Redfearn, a senior vice president of the Amex, said that last June, when the closing price of the seven Nasdaq stocks in the S.&P.
About 5.2 million Jews and 1.3 million Arabs are Israeli citizens, while 3.5 million more Arabs live in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.
The tape also shows one of the men picking up a stanchion and thrusting it toward Mr. Tyson.
He also plans to display a slide show of previous work.
''They left things that were more valuable and easier to hock.''
It all ended abruptly in Pollin's office last Wednesday -- to the shock of Leonsis and his partners, who had come prepared with contingency plans for everything but the shouting match that brought the session to a sudden end.
Small sharpeners come in three types: hand-held ones that are drawn across a blade; sharpeners that are held flat against a counter while the knife is drawn through sharpening blades or wheels; and stationary ones that can be attached to counters or cabinets.
As two black raptors glide over the fertile hills, the Forester sees his young love in a black-and-white sequence.
ELECTRONIC DATA SYSTEMS, Plano, Tex., the seller of computer services, agreed to a reduced contract with WorldCom, Clinton, Miss., the telephone company in bankruptcy protection.
For years its sole offering was that first cleaning machine, the HW-16, a not-unusual name in an arsenal of products that seem extracted from a ''Star Wars'' screenplay.
''The kids are the best.
While the Legislature's aid for New York City still falls short of the $2.7 billion Mr. Bloomberg has been counting on, the Legislature's commitment to helping would suggest a victory for City Hall.
Mr. Durbin, an Illinois Democrat who personally opposes abortion but backs abortion rights, added, ''I understand the painful process I have to go through with the elders of the church on many of these issues, explaining my position.
General Clark said he had never turned anyone in.
A federal judge in Manhattan refused yesterday to reverse a ruling that Jose Padilla, who has been held for nine months in military custody, be allowed to meet with lawyers challenging his detention as an enemy combatant.
The effort to embarrass the Direct Marketing Association's executives seemed almost genteel, though, compared with what hit the American Teleservices Association, a trade group in Indianapolis that represents telemarketers.
I want to have a vote on how your power is exercised, because it's a force now shaping my life.''
With five Senate seats being vacated by Democrats in the South, General Clark is also trying to demonstrate that for Southern office-seekers, he would be a strong presence at the top of the ticket.
There is half a bag of Fritos on top of the fridge, left over from my last spree.
''The hardest part was in the early morning, like 2 to 5 a.m., when it seemed like the night was going to go on forever,'' said Rozina Ali, a Barnard student whose eyes were noticeably more glazed than they had been the night before.
Miceli, making his home debut for the Yankees after being traded from Cleveland on Wednesday, walked Timo Perez on four pitches to lead off the ninth.
Japan has used its maritime forces in coordination with the United States to guard shipping and refuel American Navy vessels during the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq.
The answer was a two-megapixel model (for 5-by-7-inch printouts, tops).
In a study of 174 head injuries, it was determined that 61 percent of the cases involved another player's helmet.
Loving great-grandfather to Nicole, Courtney, Benjamin and Jacob.
America is in an imperial role here, now.
''People have become shameless over an old eight-track or a fishing rod,'' Detective Flescher said.
When the Tartars attack as the wedding is about to take place, they are led by a black-clad warrior atop an Industrial Age monster horse with mechanical-hoe hooves and ferocious searchlight eyes, a creature that bursts through the town wall.
Economists say that the main spur to the soybean boom is the emergence of a middle class in China, much of whose newly disposable income has been spent on a richer, more varied diet.
THE COMPANY -- The H2 is owned and designed by General Motors and made by AM General, a privately owned vehicle manufacturing company in Mishawaka, Ind.
It was all she needed to see.
He said to me, ''If by the time you're 30, you don't pursue a career in the performing arts, it will pursue you.''
That was when Evalyn Gleyzer, 22, the manager of the Mobile Phone Center in the shopping center, heard people yelling as a man ran into the store and asked her to call the police.
For Mr. Grijalva, who spent the Vietnam era protesting -- he was drafted, he said, but did not pass a military physical examination -- the resolution provided his first real test of conscience since joining Congress.
This is especially true for advanced science and engineering degrees, even though one's continuing education is often financed through research and teaching assistantships, not loans.
Andrew J. Spano, the county executive in Westchester, said New York City officials met with him and his staff earlier this year, and he believes they were seeking an alliance.
That is disrespecting our history.''
''Preferably, the incapacitating aerosol is a colorless, odorless, fast-acting gas that will disable all persons in the cabin of the aircraft, and will incapacitate an individual even if they are using some article of clothing to filter the air they breathe,'' Mr. Rogson stated.
Living most dangerously so far are two teams that went deep into last year's tournament: Oregon, a finalist in the Midwest region, and Indiana, the runner-up for the national title.
In January 1994, Kristol decided to derail the Clinton health care plan.
She still knows how to delight an audience.
''He doesn't hit a second serve.
Dr. Dean, who had met several times with General Clark to discuss national security, spoke after a week in which the retired NATO commander's entry into the crowded race largely eclipsed the former governor's summer surge.
The systems, in which voters are given computer-chip-bearing smart cards to operate the machines, could be tricked by anyone with $100 worth of computer equipment, said Adam Stubblefield, a co-author of the paper.
Hours: Daily, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Thursdays until 8 p.m. Free (Glueck).
The patent might allow King to block generic drug companies from making medicines using the identical active ingredient of Levoxyl, levothyroxine, as well as its techniques to release it quickly into the bloodstream.
But his anger at the Arab intelligentsia's complacency before Saddam's crimes was burning too high, and ''Cruelty and Silence,'' which came out in 1993, was not a cool meditation but a cri de coeur that named names.
Few returned even after the ban was lifted in the 18th century.
There is also the simple law of supply and demand.
He was drinking and taking opium.
Problems at Evergreen surfaced soon after Sept. 11, when customers began trying to cash out their accounts.
3 5 5 WHO'S YOUR CADDY?
Written and illustrated by Holly Hobbie.
The Mütter Museum of the College of Physicians of Philadelphia, also gothic in tone, is a showcase of medical history: vivid sketches and paintings, fluid-preserved oddities, frightening surgical instruments.
A health official said the child had an underlying health problem that heightened her risk, and had been infected with a flu strain that was included in this year's vaccine.
One of those areas is gay marriage, which she avidly supports and he does not.
The dispute began about a month ago, when the American writer Susan Sontag, at a book fair in Bogotá, criticized Mr. García Márquez, a longtime friend of Mr. Castro's, for his silence after the recent jailings and executions.
Turkish officials said that the flight, Turkish Airlines Flight 160, was commandeered shortly after it left Istanbul at around 10 p.m. Those officials said the hijacker apparently stormed the cockpit after the plane was in the air.
I said, shoot, I'll call him.''
She is the author of ''The Quick and the Dead: Under Siege in Sarajevo.''
There, too, large countries and small were the scenes of epic fights, battles in larger wars.
''It's the life style we lead.''.
They called on a high-school friend, Karl Wright, a chemist consultant to winemakers.
The incident, which is known as past-posting in horse racing circles, involved harness races at four tracks outside New York, including the Meadowlands in New Jersey and Woodbine in Toronto.
In December, the new Parliament sought to make the arrangement a formal one, amending Turkey's Constitution to lift the prohibition against Mr. Erdogan's seeking political office and being elected prime minister.
Two police traffic officers sitting in a van at the intersection were hurt slightly when the truck's cab grazed their vehicle.
No fee, but reservations are required.
''A lot of black people believe this.''
Deborah Heyman Kirk, a financial executive, and Peter Jonathan Kahn, a lawyer, were married on Friday by Judge Robert A. Katzmann of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit in his chambers in New York.
Instead, ''Long for This World,'' set in late-1990's Seattle, is a piercing scientific and familial romance.
That can involve a lot of trial and error.
A photograph of the jeweler, Muhammad Asghar, that was taken at his shop today was a near-perfect match for the one included on the F.B.I.
Legal experts said that it was common for defendants accused of being co-conspirators to be tried together but that putting 11 defendants on trial at once, represented by different lawyers, presented potential problems for the defense.
These two fine artists, accompanied by the sensitive pianist Craig Rutenberg, offer a song recital on Sunday evening at Carnegie Hall, with works by Schubert, Schumann, Brahms, Wolf and Cornelius.
Conversely, in the face of mounting threats, states must have an assurance that the Council has appropriate means of evaluation and collective action at its disposal, and that it has the will to act.
With that phrase, he fully merged the challenge of the occupation of Iraq with the terrorism of Al Qaeda, even though his own intelligence agencies found no link between Mr. Hussein and the conspirators of Sept. 11.
Despite skeptics who criticize his view of tomorrow's living room and the gadgets that Sony will produce to fill it, he fervently believes Sony can deliver entertainment to consumers in a seamless -- and profitable -- format.
Then cash and all the furniture were seized to pay a fine for attacking Mr. Denktash.
Two highly regarded colts, Kafwain and Domestic Dispute, represent Baffert there.
It may be particularly important for the Bucs to stop the 49ers' running game.
''LeBron is an athletic Magic Johnson,'' Miles said.
PAGE A4 Kennedy Center Expansion The Kennedy Center, long isolated in Washington's geography, has hired an architect to design two new buildings and a pedestrian plaza that would link it to the monuments around it.
'' 'Ought to rise for your old Aunt,' Harvey said, straightening his recliner and lowering the foot rest to allow Lily clear passage.''
The lineup encompasses the punk roar and mosh-pit frenzy of Molotov; the high-powered rock, cumbia and hip-hop hybrids of El Gran Silencio; the punk-ska of Maldita Vecindad and Rabanes; and the African-Caribbean hip-hop hybrids of Yerba Buena.
Camby, who has played only 24 games this season because of injuries, said he was surprised he did not start and was visibly upset when he was taken out of the game after playing only eight minutes.
In that case, Mr. Abramson said, the daughter could terminate the lease and move out, or she could withhold all or part of the rent and assert the breach of the lease agreement as a defense in any eviction action.
Unions and oil rig workers say that safety and maintenance are nearly synonymous on offshore oil platforms.
Bogie When Humphrey Bogart was cast alongside George Raft as his brother and fellow trucker in ''They Drive by Night'' (1940, 93 minutes), Bogart was still the ''expendable'' character in his movies, the guy they killed off in the ninth reel.
They are 2-0 this season against Toronto, which has fallen from grace even with Vince Carter in the lineup.
Her generosity and giving of herself before others will be deeply missed.
Every summer The Brooklyn Eagle held the Miss Brooklyn Pageant at the Atlantis.
Writing without attribution, and in the omniscient voice he used throughout the book, Mr. Langewiesche wrote, ''It was hard to avoid the conclusion that the looting had begun even before the first tower fell, and that while hundreds of doomed firemen had climbed through the wounded buildings, this particular crew had been engaged in something else entirely, without the slightest suspicion that the south tower was about to hammer down.''
American strategists expected that when troops invaded, the Shiites of southern Iraq, long oppressed by the government of Saddam Hussein, would help in overthrowing the regime.
It's about getting groups who are under-represented in science and technology in the pipeline, so that the field is more representative of diversity.
He said he tweaked his back breaking off the mound on Joe McEwing's first-inning bunt, but that it did not affect his pitching.
''It's hard for me to imagine any major American orchestra that wouldn't name David as one of the top three or five candidates if there was a vacancy,'' says Henry Fogel, president of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra Association.
Even in improvised choruses, Mr. Washington anticipated how the pianist was going to end a phrase and tapped out a mirror image, while the bassist David Williams played agreeable counterlines.
In that expansive seascape, the sun's dwindling orb drew our gaze and held it.
He ruffed a club with his last trump and claimed the slam.
The team has interviewed eight candidates, including the former Washington assistants Larry Drew and Brian James, as well as the Atlanta Hawks' interim head coach, Terry Stotts, who worked with Newman on Karl's staff in Milwaukee.
I wish I could get that demon out of here, get guys to do exceptional things, get myself to do exceptional things.
and Vivendi had said would be the terms when they entered into an exclusive negotiating period a month ago, analysts said.
In other testimony, Mr. Scrushy's accountant said that her predecessor had an affair and admitted he stole money before he committed suicide last summer.
Admission: $6; students and 65+, $4.
Islamic Jihad and a militia connected to Mr. Abbas's own Fatah faction, Al Aksa Martyrs Brigades, each claimed responsibility, and it appeared possible that they acted jointly.
While supporters of the existing law acknowledged that the rating agencies' concern should be addressed, they are concerned that Wall Street is using that issue ''as a smoke screen to gut the law,''' said Kathy Floyd, a lobbyist for AARP in Georgia.
The subject came up recently as an antidote to the soggy sandwiches we had grabbed for lunch one day.
The subtle, unfussy food includes chicken with 40 cloves of garlic, lemon sole meunière, and roast stuffed saddle of rabbit.
The portholes are like a footnote -- afterthoughts, hidden in those corners, on stairwells and back mezzanines.
Stories abound of Arbus as a predator, swooping down on strangers and probing faces close-up for signs of weakness or despair.
With ample fanfare and inevitable hitches, Roman officials on Sunday inaugurated water taxi service along the Tiber, which had not really been navigated for more than a century, the officials said.
''For Mr. Spitzer, late-day trading and market timing are much stronger than cases of fraudulent research,'' said Robert G. Heim, a former S.E.C.
One suspected Iraqi assailant was dead.
The next step is less clear: The court may order liquidation or give creditors a chance to reorganize the company and try to keep it a going concern.
Tricia Pummill, the deputy district attorney for San Diego County who prosecuted Mr. Quick, said he advertised in local newspapers that for less than $600 he could transport a corpse, cremate it, store the remains in an urn and arrange for a burial service at exclusive military cemeteries around Southern California.
The purchase follows J.P. Morgan's acquisition this month of the corporate trust unit of the Bank One Corporation for $720 million.
Here in Chicago, there was a stark contrast between the increased security at O'Hare International Airport and the status quo at landmarks like the Sears Tower and the John Hancock building, where guards checked identification and searched bags -- as they have every day since Sept. 11, 2001.
When they returned last year, they had made enough profit selling their Pennsylvania house -- for about 40 percent more than the purchase price -- that they were able to move into a house in Fort Wayne noticeably bigger than the one they had left.
''George H. W. Bush said he was only going to stay with the Security Council as long as he knew he was going to win,'' he said.
She generously applied her talents and support to innumerable charities.
Bobby could barely tie his cleats.
Fixed-income securities have outperformed the stock market for the last three years.
''I'm very much in favor of research, but I don't see the major purpose of N.A.E.P.
He will be succeeded by Mia Kreis, 37.
Representative Bill Thomas, Republican of California, the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, said House and Senate negotiators from both parties would meet next week to vote on tentative agreements worked out by aides in August.
A portrait of Karl Rove, the president's chief political strategist.
The zoo plans to add security cameras and modify the exhibit to prevent escapes.
''It doesn't create trust,'' she said.
On the grounds of this expansive bird-watchers' hub, you will likely encounter some of the several hundred species present, like piping plovers, warblers and flycatchers -- many of which nest during the summer months.
History gets rewritten so quickly in Gotham that a spare part like Bill Bradley gets his number hoisted to the rafters.
Mr. Taylor and his aides say that the penalties, combined with a rebel insurgency, have forced them to spend everything they have on defense.
But that's why the Bengals' first-year coach, Marvin Lewis, has indicated that the rookie might spend his first year on the bench behind the veteran Jon Kitna.
Occasionally the robot will stumble, turning more than a single page.
''We believe the special prosecutor's office was only created to help President Fox's image abroad, because it has meant nothing to the people here,'' said Tita Radilla, director of an association of relatives of the disappeared in neighboring Atoyac de Álvarez.
Mr. Eastman, Cross Harbor's president, called on his cellphone from Jersey City.
''I'm thrilled to have her use this place, '' Ms. Leibovitz said.
After the 1960 Sharpeville massacre, for example, when the South African police killed and wounded several hundred people protesting the internal passports blacks were required to carry, freedom songs became laments for dead comrades and imprisoned leaders.
I'm not hooked on smoking.
A moment later, Mr. Darwazeh was hit and fell to the ground.
But are some of the pros' drivers too good, at least in the sense that they do not conform to regulations established by the United States Golf Association?
Ms. Campbell said that one of her brothers, Nadia's father, is serving a life sentence for selling crack cocaine.
European governments, not employers, provide health care and pensions.
''It felt like your clothes were going to melt,'' Ms. Schumaker said.
It is with the deepest sadness that we mourn the passing of Paul Gitelson, C.E.O.
He also notes that some teaching methods at free schools are without track records in Japan.
A graduate of Dartmouth, he received a master's degree in chemical engineering from the Technical University of Aachen in Germany and a Ph.D. in bioinformatics from Yale.
Having sex with girls was for Toney a daily goal, one he met fairly regularly.
Mr. Lee chose to break the screen into multiple images as his way of reversing the equation.
A free reading to celebrate the induction of Robert Lowell into the Cathedral's Poets' Corner.
But Dr. Thomas, a tall, slender woman with an intense manner, is also somewhat shy and private.
Why did I recently receive birth announcements from three couples who had never met, who lived as distant from one another as Maine, Minnesota and California, yet who had all named their sons Leo?
The accident occurred at 4 p.m. near Camp Arifjan in central Kuwait.
Asked if the reorganization of the threat integration center and counterterrorism operations at the intelligence agency and the bureau would inevitably create an MI-5 in all but name, Mr. Brennan said he was not looking to foreign governments for a model of how to run his new center.
(Ms. Power was recently featured in an magazine advertisement for the luxury car Infiniti promoting a book about projects and people trying to change the world.
Chris Bevilacqua, a former Nike executive, said the company was unlikely to act hastily.
Are there some rights -- whether to a speedy trial or a formal charge -- that transcend nationality, and should be accorded to every human being?
Banc of America Securities and CIBC Wood Gundy.
As a teacher, he also worked with an eager young Sammy Davis Jr., whom he had to prevent from jumping out before his cue.
''The significance of these negotiations is the health care issue,'' said Ed Fire, president of the International Union of Electronic Workers-Communications Workers of America.
Home health aides and other domestic help will absolutely be unionized.
Mr. Bush was clearly reliving his days as a pilot in the Texas Air National Guard, more than three decades ago.
But the teams are losing money, so the deal will take those losses and some related debts off AOL Time Warner's hands.
In my experience, chicken paprikas ($12.95), a signature Hungarian stew, has always been overwhelmingly creamy.
Counting last season, Minnesota has won eight straight games.
(Happy) Chandler, a former governor and commissioner of baseball who epitomized a back-slapping Kentucky style of charisma.
''Now it is different from 1991.
Its members have to get along for the simple reason that most basic Senate business -- from scheduling action on a bill to calling a committee meeting -- requires unanimous consent.
After complaining that the nation was doing badly at avoiding war, he said: ''Both political parties now compete to sound more hawkish, to criticize as naïve or even unpatriotic those who favor peaceful world cooperation.
So, it might be added, does Mr. Fiennes's performance, which is in the mold of the scowling, masochistic pensiveness he perfected in films like ''The English Patient'' and ''The End of the Affair.''
The move would make him eligible to return for the start of the second half.
Simone A director in steep decline, Viktor Taransky (Al Pacino) sees salvation in a virtual actress (portrayed by Rachel Roberts) of entirely digital composition called Simone, for Simulation One.
But there is only a year left for Mr. Karzai and his American backers to get things right before his term is up.
Don't know how we could have left it.'
While being grilled in Parliament in February, he said that ''it was no big deal'' that he had broken his longtime pledge to cap deficit spending.
It was through jazz that Mr. O'Neal won Walker Evans's heart, and his participation in a 1976 book about the Farm Security Administration photographers, ''A Vision Shared.''
Arni, Peggy and Wendy CHANOWITZ -- Karen.
Since his first tour, there has been no sign of him walking the streets or even driving through neighborhoods.
The weather should improve over the next few days.
Only one dealer responded to a request for provenance, saying that as usual there was none.
Intel was the Dow's biggest winner, rising 8.8 percent.
In both the 2000-2001 and 2001-2002 seasons, the team was the league champion.
For Kate, the affair was a signal not just that the marriage should end, but also that, in a sense, it actually already had.
Where to Eat Mlynec, Novotneho Lavka 9, (420-2) 2108-2208, fax (420-2) 2108-2391, is a converted water mill where window tables offer a view of the Charles Bridge.
The Mariners rumble into Shea Stadium on Friday night to begin a three-game series with the Mets playing as if they could nab a title.
Across from me is a large-featured blonde, fully Botoxed and collagened and unfortunately American, wearing a zillion-dollar fox, jeans, four-inch heels, ankle chokers and her signature chewing gum (inside her mouth).
15 15 4 LOVE ME, by Garrison Keillor.
After that exchange, Mr. Vernooy was understandably less than forthcoming when asked for directions to a favorite fishing hole.
But back home, Venezuelans were left to wonder if their country, as they know it, might not.
Starting this weekend, four police officers will patrol the Olympic Heights neighborhood, where at least half a dozen volleyball nets peek out from behind houses.
Still, it feels that we are being manipulated when subjected to mindless speeches and slogans whose knee-jerk anti-imperialism rarely articulates the deep reasons we should oppose corporate globalization.''
Oklahoma (18-4, 9-2) remained tied with Texas for second place in the Big 12.
The pitch in coach class ranged from 33 inches to 35 inches, more than that of most rivals.
Tickets: $10, $8 for museum members.
Ms. Legreide said even without terrorism concerns, driver's license fraud had become a serious problem in New Jersey.
We'd be happy if we were in their position.''
Nothing like Mr. Gephardt's plan is going to become law anytime soon.
The next year, the United States Supreme Court ruled in Mr. Gideon's favor, holding that poor people accused of serious crimes are entitled to legal representation paid for by the government.
The camera also caught unguarded, unglamorous moments: her yawns, stumbles and a speck of dust flying into her eye.
Despite Reuters's successes at controlling costs, sales suffered in the first half of 2003 as the investment banks and financial institutions that are its biggest clients continued to clip their own spending.
The tape could, for example, help investigators pin down the precise speed at which the first plane was moving when it struck the tower.
At the news conference, Mr. Bush also defended himself against criticism from Democrats that his jet landing last week in a flight suit on the carrier Abraham Lincoln was an expensive political stunt.
But many restaurants and bars refuse to divulge their finances, making it difficult to gauge the validity of their complaints.
It was the fourth time the Conservative Party had ousted its leader since Mrs. Thatcher was pushed aside in 1990.
Ms. Fawcett, who had studied to be an artist, agreed.
She opened with a 5-7, 6-4, 6-0 victory over Mashona Washington, then defeated 11th-seeded Anastasiya Myskina, 7-5, 6-4, and 17th-seeded Ai Sugiyama, 2-6, 6-4, 6-3.
This at least separates me from the men of Jedwabne.
Every society has its unhealed wounds to contend with, but in few other places have they been so layered through the ages.
Fish finders all require some getting used to, and in my experience, they all go haywire for mysterious reasons at unpredictable times.
There is a serious link between professional sports and the millions of young people who try performance-enhancing and body-building drugs.
So it was a little wrong, but it seemed to work.''
What really hurt was that last summer, we enjoyed what was generally considered our best family vacation ever, eight days in Newfoundland, which turned out to be exactly the kind of spare, lonely, exotic place -- mountains on one side, ocean on the other -- we all love.
is that for every activist, we will be able to generate several voters.''
The company, based in San Jose, Calif., said that the accounting change had not altered its outlook and that it would stand by its 2003 earnings target of 40 cents to 50 cents a share.
''It would be destabilizing for China, destabilizing for the United States and destabilizing for the world.''
''I can tell you that we are examining all options.''
Senators have thought better of not returning his calls.
The first is a glass noodle dish I adore, and about which I immediately learned something: chop chae does not use mung bean threads, as I had long assumed, but potato starch noodles.
I learned so much about what we take for granted here.''
Morgan Stanley is expected to settle a complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission as early as today, according to people who have been briefed on the investigation.
Many other ''West Wing''-inspired pilots idle in network limbo.
The margin was much closer, Boston scoring 109 runs and the Yankees 94.
Established companies insist they send e-mail only to people who have voluntarily agreed to receive marketing offers.
We look forward to it.
Patrick Angelucci, the Salesian provincial who oversees communities between the Mississippi River and the Atlantic Coast, came from New Rochelle, N.Y., to celebrate the final Mass under his order.
The city operates the largest wastewater collection system in the country, with some 6,700 miles of sewers, 140,000 maintenance holes and 46 sewage-pumping plants.
We found dim sum everywhere, even Oz dim sum, at a place called Oscar's Australian, which we didn't try.
The Bush administration will study the findings of the report, but Mr. Powell suggested it would be useless to give the inspectors more time.
If he had won just two of those starts, Clemens would already be a 300-game winner.
As a result, airstrikes against Iraqi forces that fought the Army were not as effective as commanders would have liked.
.3:55:09 6493 Lysniak, L, 36F .
It is far safer than the formal ''solo'' conference.
Newman's deadpan tone combines with an impressive facility for evoking people, places and events with a singular, eloquent detail: when Chrysalis's mother is cremated in a cocktail gown, the zipper remains among the ashes and is at first mistaken for her spine; when Ralph dons his guru outfit, he ''looked iconic, like the right actor cast as Christ.
Complicating matters further for parents, admissions directors at private schools are reluctant to offer any straightforward routes to acceptance.
''I love that school,'' Betty tells me.
At the New York Philharmonic 14 years ago, members of the orchestra were permitted to share in choosing the successor to Zubin Mehta, their first substantive participation in a music director search in 80 years.
''It creates the steam, the water in there.''
Investors clipped 11.7 percent today off Ericsson's stock price, which closed at 6.40 kronor in Stockholm.
We have to balance those.''
After further searches in the Woody Guthrie Archives on West 57th Street in Manhattan, where she is the executive director, Ms. Guthrie has found a series of songs on Jewish themes written in the 1940's and 50's, when her father lived in Coney Island with his second wife, Marjorie Mazia, and her Jewish family.
It said that the upside and downside risks to the economy were still ''roughly equal'' and that ''on balance'' the threat of deflation, though minor, was greater than inflation in the foreseeable future.
''After the 1973 coup, Mistral and her religiosity were used against Neruda and his atheism,'' said Luis Vargas Saavedra, a leading Mistral scholar and a professor of Latin American literature at the Catholic University of Chile.
He is packing up his home, in the affluent Silicon Valley city of Los Gatos, Calif., and heading to another mansion he already owns nearby.
Cincinnati Reds Manager Bob Boone wrote out a lineup yesterday with Barry Larkin as an outfielder for the first time in Larkin's career, but rain kept him in the infield.
''The American medical system has been designed around heroic efforts, not around creeping diseases,'' said Steve McDermott, chief executive of Hill Physicians, an independent-practice association with 2,000 doctors and 350,000 patients in Northern California.
For Mr. Hurd, the disbelief was compounded when he tried to find another position within the company, something he said that was promised to him.
-------------------- Inquiry Into Sex Abuse by Priests The New York Times DUBLIN, March 28 -- The government began an investigation today into the Roman Catholic Church's handling of child sex abuse accusations in the southeastern diocese of Ferns.
''All around us are matrices and patterns,'' Mr. Pope said by telephone from Los Angeles.
Later, he took the blender out to his driveway and tipped its contents into the tank of his 1981 Volkswagen pickup.
When we have urged our Iraqi counterparts to present more evidence, we have all too often met the response that there are no more documents.
Mr. Edwards, who has patterned his campaign after Mr. Clinton's 1992 race, even appropriating some of Mr. Clinton's language, said, ''I am tired of Democrats walking away from Bill Clinton and Al Gore, who led the greatest period of economic growth in our country's history.''
In the sixth-century mosaics at San Vitale in Ravenna, which depicted the Byzantine court, the empress Theodora looks, if anything, more imposing than her husband, Justinian.
Victims' groups and opposition parties say the orders should pay, but Mr. Ahern said the state did not want to drive them out of business.
They pat down the men.
Mr. Burns, whose closet is now full of colorful oxfords that Mrs. Burns buys for him at Calypso, did not object at all.
She held her hand at her neck.
It will provide Division I-AA, high school, Pop Warner and Australian Rules football, along with original movies, news and studio programming, fantasy, profiles of players and instruction.
HORNETS 94, GRIZZLIES 85 Baron Davis had 25 points and 12 assists, and host New Orleans broke out of a shooting slump to snap a three-game losing streak.
Sitting in his office after a recent practice, Coach Nick Saban let out a sigh.
She graduated from the University of Georgia.
''Hers'' was rhythmic, steady, almost calming.
New York, for example, is regarded as one of the most aggressive states for nonprofit regulation.
This is a comedy based on W. Somerset Maugham's story ''Vessel of Wrath'' and directed by Erich Pommer.
''Lots of locals wouldn't even talk about the ponds to nonlocals,'' he said.
CRAZE Gin and Debauchery in an Age of Reason.
While the mosquito-borne disease is a problem across Southeast Asia, it has not been one in Hong Kong.
In New York, the euro settled at $1.0930, down from $1.1122 on Wednesday.
LET'S pause to savor a golden moment that will pass all too quickly.
It was B'Tselem, an Israeli human rights organization.
Pentagon officials said that Mr. Kim's military carefully studied American war-fighting techniques in the 1991 gulf war, and ''we saw adjustments in the way they did things after that, especially in the areas of camouflage and concealment,'' according to one Defense Department official.
And Guinevere is a Pict, and being a Pictish woman, she will be fighting with all the men.
And Nutting's visions of New England town greens may well have inspired the New Urbanists.
In interviews with The Washington Post and local television and radio stations, Chief Chambers has said that her 600-member department requires an additional 800 officers to adequately carry out its duties, including protecting Park Service lands and monuments on the National Mall here, and at sites in New York and California.
The campaign is pioneering a way to tap into grass-roots America for a stunning torrent of small donations, which now total $25 million and counting.
''We depend on calls from physicians to alert us to the presence of diseases, and in the case of smallpox we would expect a call immediately,'' Dr. Ackman said.
Beyond Skin Deep ''Indelible Memories: Sept. 11 Memorial Tattoos Photographed by Vinnie Amessé'' is at Historic Richmond Town, Staten Island Historical Society, 441 Clarke Avenue, Richmondtown, through July 6.
They were employees of Bouchard Transportation, a Hicksville, N.Y., company that owns the barge.
Donations to Harvard College, Harvard Law School or St. Mathias Educational Foundation Inc, 58-15 Catalpa Ave, Ridgewood, NY 11385.
Hopefully he needs to lose a little weight.''
And of course, there's no military manual to prepare you for the pain of seeing your buddy die because you couldn't seal off his sucking chest wound, or the shock associated with having to fire on a civilian vehicle that would not stop for a checkpoint, or seeing two women, an old man and a child lying dead along the road.
Being able to pummel a baseball a long distance helps, too.
''It will be the equivalent of a wake,'' said Dr. Claudia Alexander, manager of the project.
''Part of the question,'' said Mr. Mellman, the Democratic consultant, ''is who is the bigger villain?''
Before he reached the age of 30, he had bought a penthouse on East 59th Street with wraparound terrace overlooking the Queensboro Bridge.
I am not talking about what is right, or what is fair, or even what is rational.
Gibbons could feel it in his glove hand.
Mr. Bremer's authority has done little to quell the daily attacks on American forces.
The meals that I've enjoyed so much have included Indian, Thai and Polish, not to mention French and even idiosyncratic chef-driven English, the type that center on bone marrow and spleen.
''I definitely have this same sense of desperation.
''You can't go, 'O.K., we have 75 percent accountability.'
Many women in the United States, where maternity leaves are often no longer than four to six weeks, still feel too uncomfortable or harried to pump milk at work.
St. Francis, led by John Quintana's 16 points, was denied its first trip to the N.C.A.A.
''Radios, tape cassettes, magazines -- that's what I mean by cultural penetration,'' she said.
The revelations were harshly criticized by commentators, both conservative and liberal, including Rush Limbaugh and Juan Williams.
You need mentors for various components of your life.
As Professor Moss sees it, New York is a pedestrian city, which leaves New Yorkers exposed to the elements in a way that the denizens of automobile-oriented cities are not.
''In Bakersfield,'' Ken says, ''we're regarded as socialists.''
To reduce American military casualties in Iraq, Mr. Chalabi urged the administration to begin training an Iraqi security force of 25,000 to work with allied forces to police the streets and restore order.
Just before Mike Mussina's first pitch tonight, the Yankees' shortstop faced the outfield, bowed his head and crossed himself.
And now a broad swath of the nation's midsection seems to have lost something else, as well: its optimism.
The Chambers show has a pair of foot-tall Chinese side chairs in red sandstone, a limestone altar table, a Qingdou lute stand, a chess table with a limestone top and elm base, and a pair of pagoda-shaped hexagonal stands.
The first step in countering it is to enforce the law.
The certification hearing on Wednesday was closed to the public and reporters, and Judge Conway ordered those present not to discuss what happened inside the courtroom.
Maybe it's just as well.
The House and the Senate were in session this weekend as lawmakers attempted to complete work on several measures in time to adjourn for the year before Thanksgiving.
We ordered an à la carte side dish of fried okra and received a flat soup bowl full of milk and slices of the cold vegetable.
All those nudes with pink thighs might look quaint and sugary these days, but their modeling is a rigorous alternative to the classicist silhouettes and formulaic poses drummed into him at the academy.
''The union never had to pay a premium for health coverage, and it never will,'' said John Papaliberios, a waiter at the ''21'' Club.
With no other Tiger capable of filling the void left by Wallace's uncharacteristically poor performance, Rutgers was able to do just enough to improve its record to 5-1.
But this semester, for the first time, the school used a small endowment to hand out $500 scholarships to 35 students.
Xavier Cugat is guaranteed to get your guests grooving.
Sales in Alstom's Power Turbo-Systems branch were down 50 percent, a sign of the company's trouble with faulty turbines.
In 2004, Mr. Bush is reported to have chosen to forgo public financing in the nomination phase of his campaign.
7 7 10 MY LOSING SEASON, by Pat Conroy.
Blood clogged the nostrils and eyes of both men, who were recognizable as they lay on a floor, eyes closed.
But 3 points might be enough, he thought.
They deserve more than anybody I know.
Without hesitating and with some pride, Coach Herman Edwards had an instant answer Friday when he was asked about his record with the Jets in November.
Medco is one of several large pharmacy-benefit-management companies that arrange discounts on drugs and enforce cost-control arrangements for health plans that cover 150 million Americans.
To the Editor: David L. Phillips (Op-Ed, March 21) urges Kofi Annan, the secretary general, to ''get more engaged in prodding the Security Council to act'' on the oil-for-food humanitarian program in Iraq, held up by ''obstructionism'' in the Security Council.
At the former Sheraton Hotel nearby, crowds pulled mattresses, lamps, sofas and the hotel's grand piano from the building as water poured from the balconies of some rooms, from pipes damaged either by looters or by allied airstrikes.
According to the agreement, the cathedral will use substantially all of the proceeds from the development to ''restore its operations to a sound financial footing,'' increase its endowment (now $7 million) and ''maintain, preserve and restore the cathedral building and other historic buildings.''
An article on Sunday about a delayed vote on the promotion of an Army general who commanded a base where a gay soldier was beaten to death referred incorrectly in some copies to the home state of Senator Daniel K. Akaka, who urged a review of the nomination.
Most of the exports went by way of Hong Kong, because China and Taiwan still do not permit direct air and shipping links.
The house has a two-story great room, a two-story study, four full and two half bathrooms, and a four-car attached garage.
''We're home, we've got the crowd behind us,'' he said today in Milwaukee.
SIDESTEPPER; ZEMOG, EL GALLO BUENO -- Give Latin American styles some resistance, and they sound even more vital.
Matsui probably would have caught the ball if he did not struggle with the sun and the shirts.
Unfortunately for everyone involved, it is exactly what it sounds like.
Experts say the prospect of war with Iraq, and the chance that Baghdad might retaliate with germ weapons, are accelerating the effort to expand and integrate scores of rudimentary disease surveillance systems being developed by cities, states and the federal government.
Are we capable of meeting that standard?
Lincoln is the first team to repeat as city champion since Taft in 1975.
This show is composed primarily of dozens of painted paper fans, representing a minor but flourishing medium in Chinese art.
Examining the careers of a number of composers and artists, he found abrupt changes in style or declines in productivity around the age of 35.
That was the tail end of a purple thread that ran back to those Crimean dispatches about gallant British troops pouring fire on the terrible enemy.
''One thing I expect to come out of it this year as opposed to other years is that when we make the point that regardless of your previous reputation, even if you've got a great reputation, one misstep or alleged misstep can totally destroy all of that.
On December 19th in New York City.
''I think I am getting clinically depressed,'' Ms. Rector said.
In the second half, he was 10 for 10.
In the meantime, the nuns have notified prospective buyers of the situation and may lose their first-choice buyer as a result of the cloud on the title.
He had lost his leadoff spot by the end of April and often looked uncomfortable while chasing fly balls in left field.
Benitez seems to haunt Mets fans wherever he is.
Before the state can even start to buy new election machines, a fundamental question must also be answered about their design.
This is not a commercial for J.P. Morgan Chase & Company.
At the moment, dividends on shares face higher taxes than interest on bonds and loans.
The sanctions apply to any satellite made with even minor American components, like microchips, and they have crippled China's once lucrative launching industry.
But his stay will be brief, the Mets said.
Sadly, no one at the place would offer a vision for the former mayor's wedding.
.5:14:29 26488 Priester, O, 39M .
Massachusetts' highest court ruled on Tuesday that gay couples have the right to marry under the state's Constitution, and it gave the state legislature 180 days to make same-sex marriages possible.
The commercialism of Highway 99 was evident even 30 years ago.
Three members of Congress toured a cleanliness-conscious hamburger plant here today to build public support for stemming the rise of tainted meat sold in the United States.
The charges carry a prison term of up to 20 years.
''Why did you leave yourself out of the film?''
Growing school enrollments prompted the construction of a second middle school, the $32.5 million, 160,000-square-foot Seven Bridges Middle School, which will open next fall for 650 students in the fifth through eighth grades.
When you get him early, that sends a message.
''I back him,'' Mr. Tegl said.
Loving sister to Robin and Jeff, and adoring aunt to Matthew, Corey and Charlotte.
The British overcame all of these in time.
A pipeline, they argue, will generate jobs, be less invasive than oil extraction and leave a corridor only 130 feet wide.
The talk about Mr. Miller began Wednesday when the State Supreme Court ruled that the City Council did not have the authority to extend his term and those of five colleagues beyond December.
A lot of the so-called cool hunters, self-styled experts at spotting trends among younger consumers, seem to be fading away.
''It wasn't necessary for me to take any risks,'' he added.
Over the years, people have fretted that cloning practiced widely might eliminate the need for men (women could bear children asexually), might exacerbate the male-female ratio (cultures that revere males could clone only them) and might reduce the genetic diversity that comes from mingling genes in sexual reproduction.
The same restlessness that prevents his band's music from getting complacent also prevents many of these songs from taking root.
.4:47:06 19860 Como, J, 37M .
To critics, that confirms one of the agency's weaknesses as the world's nuclear watchdog.
We took the game to them in the third period.''
North Korea could also increase its arsenal by completing the construction of two larger reactors and by proceeding with its uranium enrichment efforts.
''If the theory behind changing the rules is that the F.C.C.
The Diamond concert enables the series to showcase three of its winners in orchestral works, with the Orchestra of St. Luke's, under the energetic Kenneth Jean, providing a thoroughly professional accompaniment.
''This appointment will be critical.
Until three years ago, his family thought he had been killed during the 1991 uprising.
A1 American forces launched a pair of ferocious airstrikes against suspected loyalists of Saddam Hussein's regime, signaling a new and more aggressive strategy.
It also proposed an increase in fuel economy standards for sport utility vehicles and pickups.
Company employees might help out in friendly campaigns or work in legislators' offices.
The acting county prosecutor, Donald C. Campolo, said that his office had referred the investigation to its economic crimes and official corruption unit, and that apart from any possible criminal charges emerging, he welcomed the chance to address any ''systemic problems'' in a part of the criminal justice system.
Although tunnel techniques have improved in the last few decades, designing and building a 30-mile-long road tunnel would strain technology to its limits, said Wolfgang H. Roth, the principal engineer and a vice president at the URS Corporation, a global engineering company.
Ayatollah Sistani also rejected the ''selection'' method for deciding who will sit in a constitutional assembly, reportedly asking the committee members in their Sept. 11 meeting, ''Why should we let some sheik decide for every member of his tribe?''
Besides being host of ''Lingo'' (its highest-rated original show), ''Love Connection'' and ''Naturally Stoned,'' he also appears in reruns of ''Greed,'' Fox's cutthroat version of ''Who Wants to Be a Millionaire.''
Bring a blanket or a lawn chair.
Mr. McVey said he thought that Mr. McCann would try to improve links between Merrill's brokerage and asset-management units and add to the menu of investment products Merrill offers to its customers.
Some would cite this tenderness, and its lack of logical consistency with the next day's killing, as exculpatory.
French officials are convinced that all along, the goal of the Bush administration has been to overthrow Saddam Hussein and that its endorsement of a United Nations process last fall to disarm Iraq by international inspections was only a means to that end.
Only through these institutions can the administration translate its ambitious goal of a stable, tolerant, democratic Iraq into reality.
I probably wouldn't get involved if it was a big movie from a big studio where they were spending a lot.
He also directed the class play ''What a Life'' and caught the show business bug.
Toshio Sasaki's proposal, for example, titled ''Inversion of Light,'' reproduces ''a representative floor plan, based on those of the 94th and 95th floors.''
was still integral to records selling in the millions, and nobody would know but the plunderers of his work and a few copyright lawyers.''
Getting There BY TRAIN: Weekend trains from Grand Central Terminal to Beacon run hourly.
He had served nine years in prison, including two on death row, when he was released by a judge and pardoned by the governor.
Faulk missed five games earlier this season with a broken left hand and surgically repaired right knee and returned to the lineup three games ago averaging just 2.8 yards a carry.
It will also take office at a time when the Bush administration and the government of Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain are becoming increasingly concerned about flagging public support for the allied occupation here in the face of daily attacks on their forces, a campaign of sabotage and a mounting death toll from guerrilla-style assaults following the end of major hostilities.
In the swings of the ax, Cooper wrote, have come conquests that ''have left civilization in their train instead of havoc and desolation.''
For as long as I can remember, Blanche has been the soul and spirit of our wonderful family and we will all miss her terribly.
And Credit Suisse will be paying $200 million in fines and payments as part of a settlement that Wall Street banks have reached with regulators over conflicts of interest in their research divisions.
But it also exposed the fissures among Republicans over how far to go in chalking up legislative accomplishments ahead of next year's election.
It said labor costs at the plants would increase a fourth-quarter 2002 charge by $65 million to $75 million.
The tents are spectacularly visible to those driving on such gateways to the city as the Franklin D. Roosevelt Drive and the Triborough Bridge.
Eventually, he found a Russian girlfriend -- and learned Russian.
The satisfaction of retribution that the death penalty supplies can never outweigh the danger of unfair or erroneous application as long as it exists.
Many people, conspicuously at news networks based in New York, are making a huge deal of the occasion, no doubt out of concern that they may not be around for the 50th.
Written in 1967 as a commission by the Royal Shakespeare Company but first performed that year in Trinidad and then in Los Angeles in 1970, it is at times poetic, at others glib, at times thunderously portentous, at others blithely offhand.
The trio, billed as Nice, Florio and Lubow, played the RKO circuit, including the Palace in New York.
The melancholy that pervades Vuillard's early work, which is undeniable, is at least partly elegiac.
The commission is opening an inquiry into France's help in Alstom's $3.9 billion rescue effort.
Kiley says he still believes that Bloomberg could sell a congestion charge, especially in a city where so many take mass transit and only half of the people living at the epicenter of the problem even own cars.
In the two weeks since the sales office opened on the ground floor of the white brick 1920's 12-story building at 49 East 21st Street, Mr. Naftali said, his company has placed 13 under contract -- most one- and two-bedrooms.
The answer to the question is that as well as the Nets have played these last two seasons, and as far as the franchise has come, the Nets have hit their ceiling, and they will not beat a team from the West without a dominating big man.
''I represent Southern Brooklyn,'' he said.
He kept on the move, heading out of centers to the peripheries, which often meant to the sea.
No one would be able to erase the memory of Michael Crawford, looking like a taxidermic variation of his role in ''The Phantom of the Opera,'' shrieking Mr. Steinman's pop hit ''Total Eclipse of the Heart.''
The purpose of displaying the cleaned-up bodies, which were shown on Iraqi television, was to help convince a skeptical Iraqi public that the men killed were indeed the Hussein brothers.
But an administration official said tonight that the Council would simply be asked to pass a resolution or a statement, without threatening economic sanctions or isolation.
The K-159 accident was, unfortunately, not the first such accident involving a decommissioned Russian nuclear sub; a similar mishap occurred in 1997 off the Kamchatka Peninsula, thankfully without the loss of life.
Wi-FiHotspotList.com and locfinder.net, other wireless search sites, show connection points that others miss.
Make no mistake; they love the Yankees.
The always helpful and reliable Russian National Group, 130 West 42nd Street, (212) 575-3431, www.russia-travel.com, says rooms will again be available beginning June 5.
''The industry has to increase the price of illegal file sharing and make it more attractive to download music legally or purchase CD's,'' said Hal R. Varian, an economist at the University of California at Berkeley.
Some examples include: Sankofa (1993), Amistad (1997), Roots (1977), and Beloved (1998).
I'm sure I could find a pot-filler faucet online.
Not that it wasn't an impressive credential, stamped and laminated, featuring Steven's trustworthy face digitally photographed behind plexiglass.
But he claims that he killed her in a fit of rage because she had been identified as a sniper for Chechen guerrillas.
A third market indicator finished lower, however.
Lee was an extraordinary woman and will be remembered by all who knew her.
A new roof and elevated deck were installed, the parking lot was repaved and the landscaping was redone.
's youngest coordinator at age 30, coaching the Eagles' defense.
''I didn't cause this blackout.
Charlie fears his nerdy kin will spook girls, but he fails to get rid of them.
But the world of ''Soul Circus'' needs a lot more than music to improve it.
One of his teachers -- and the one whom he regularly cited as an important influence -- was an aunt, Alice Frisca, who had studied with Leopold Godowsky and briefly pursued a professional performing career.
He graduated from Bucknell University.
The Weather Channel reaches 86 million homes, with an average of 21.1 million tuning in each day.
''One would expect that those who undertake military action would at a later stage come back to the Security Council, because no coalition will be able to handle all of the tasks that come with the reconstruction of the country,'' said a European ambassador at the United Nations.
Tradecraft is similar to what people in the private sector call a business model, and just like any corporation, an intelligence organization develops its own tradecraft.
A spokesman for the Pentagon said today that the military could not provide an estimate of the breakdown.
Paige Rense, editor in chief of Architectural Digest, said she had agreed to ask the 23 designers to the Time Warner Center because ''it's very rare that they have a chance to really have the right space and the right setting to really showcase their work.''
The privacy and control that copyright law gives authors would thus be assured for as long as Congress deems proper.
Mr. Vick has said that while he has spoken to Mr. Blair about the sniper case for previous articles, he is ''fairly confident'' that he did not make this statement.
Bypassed by the main road, Pawling's downtown is a dead ringer for the set used in the film ''Back to the Future.''
.4:47:16 19905 Dorovitsine, M, 45M .
The law lumps e-mail messages from fly-by-night operations selling herbal impotence remedies together with those from airlines selling plane tickets to a pre-existing customer base.
Firefighters hosed down the pier from two high ladders.
Amazon.com, the online retailer, is one of the stocks whose research and trading have aroused interest.
''A liberal economy is an open economy, a competitive economy,'' he said, his remarks echoed by a banker who works with similar small- and medium-size companies.
Mr. Yakovlev's proposal for Iraq has both a practical and a moral logic.
They were hidden between the pages of one of his books and came tumbling out and fell to the floor.
Mr. Morris, who is now 50, says his lush tale of evildoing in a San Diego hedge fund was close to being picked up by a major publisher, but he never got a big offer.
If Mr. Ford's latest collection -- shown on a runway of piebald cowhide and with a country music soundtrack -- automatically called the president to mind, it was a George W. Bush comfortably in touch with his Dolly Parton side.
But, it is amazing to see how much better women can get with athletic training, said Catherine Jackson, who heads the kinesiology department at California State University in Fresno.
A five-course tasting menu is $50, plus $20 for wines.
''It is important that this case be tried on its merits.''
But to the opening, where the first-night crowd included FRANK LANGELLA, PARKER POSEY, KEVIN BACON, KYRA SEDGWICK, ANNA MOFFO, CAROLINE RHEA, JULIANA MARGULIES and ROSIE O'DONNELL.
Faced by a sharp trans-Atlantic rift that has split NATO, many officials here are wondering why the Bush administration has not tried harder to preserve what Senator John McCain last week described as ''the greatest political military alliance in the history of mankind.''
He was fascinated to find that the U.S. tax code was something like the Soviet's opposite: an intensely political law that favors the ruling elite but is administered objectively.
She will be greatly missed.
''I did this just last week,'' Burton said on an unseasonably warm afternoon in late September at his high-ceilinged studio in London.
He was aware, he said, that ''farmers don't like it.''
Some worried that the Bush administration might not pay for condoms.
Guys don't want to ask direction.
Wigginton is playing a new position at third base.
INTERNATIONAL A2-9 Iraq Bomb Kills Up to 95, Including a Moderate Cleric A car bomb exploded outside a Shiite shrine in Najaf, killing as many as 95 people, including Ayatollah Muhammad Bakr al-Hakim, the most prominent Shiite cleric cooperating with United States forces in Iraq.
Beloved sister of Donald and Toby.
Benchmarks: Plays a variety of roles in group discussions; Asks questions to seek elaboration and clarification of ideas; Listens in order to understand a speaker’s topic, purpose, and perspective; Conveys a clear main point when speaking to others and stays on the topic being discussed (CTSS – ‘english’, ‘6-8’, ‘8’) Grades 9-12 Civics Standard 19- Understands what is meant by “the public agenda,” how it is set, and how it is influenced by public opinion and the media.
But two free throws by Oscar Garcia gave Fairfield its first lead since early in the game, moments into the second half.
''Where else can one buy seven bananas for $1?''
Philip Morris has said that it cannot afford to put up the $12 billion appeal bond and still make its payments to the states under the agreement reached in the late 1990's between the tobacco industry and state attorneys general nationwide.
Investigators trying to establish the cause of the fire are focusing on the possibility that light fixtures malfunctioned, largely because workers on the floor where it started said they first spotted flames near the ceiling of a storage room.
''The attorney general has earned the affection of millions of disgruntled I.R.A.
In Yann Danis, the Bears have a butterfly-style goaltender who is one in a long line of Quebec-bred goalies who trace their inspiration to the recently retired Patrick Roy.
''I am very sad, very distressed,'' said Jorge Torres, 47, after laying flowers at the cemetery and joining the two-mile march that ended at the Simón Bolívar park, where a Mass was celebrated.
Their goal was to skew the results beyond the 5 percent threshold and force adoption of mandatory random testing.
Only one of the major candidates to replace Governor Davis in the Oct. 7 recall election has even bothered to visit the North Coast, and that was a Republican, Bill Simon Jr., who dropped out of the race last weekend.
''We don't recommend people drive for an extended period with it,'' Mr. Fouladpour said.
'' said Ms. Kraus, who is also the regional director of SEI Investments, a financial services firm in Oaks, Pa. ''I thought we needed a forum to address these questions.
As a child he moved with his family to Canada.
The Web site is operated from Georgia by a radio drama fan, Henry Howard, and has links to major independent producers of new radio drama as well as essays and commentary.
Often that means thinking beyond five state exams.
''There are 110 tenants,'' said Robert Kohn, chief operating officer of Homes for America.
A federal jury found yesterday that the Semiramis Inter-Continental Hotel in Cairo was not liable in the fatal shootings of two New Jersey businessmen, Coby Hoffman of Edison and Robert L. Guidi of Rahway, in the hotel's restaurant in 1993.
An industry representative, who insisted on anonymity, said, ''This is a notification -- this is not an invitation to negotiate.''
Examine the roles of museums; consider how exhibits are developed and arranged.
''It is a plant that has problems,'' Mr. Bernard said, ''but it is not a problem plant.''
Two years after losing its headquarters in the south tower of the World Trade Center, the OppenheimerFunds investment management company will return to Lower Manhattan, beginning this weekend.
A Funeral Service will be held Saturday, March 1, 2003 at 6PM at St. Clements Episcopal Church, 423 West 46th Street, New York City.
Page 95: Clockwise from top left: Pierrot sweater, D&G track pants and Jil Sander shoes.
They combined for 14 catches but made a lot of them coming back to the ball to bail out a scrambling Warner.
''That sprawl has already begun to spill over here.''
The centerpiece of the high-tech fireworks display will be a 1,000-foot-high halo of fire and light.
And Mr. Schaefer has used Ms. Spino's rejuvenation not to erase his loss, but to help cope with it.
(You keep expecting Glinda to start singing, ''Did you ever know you were my hero, Elphaba?'')
Army has already invested heavily in its football program, spending $40 million on a modern locker room and weight training facilities.
Renault owns a controlling stake in Nissan.
; ''chattering class'' is used with a sneer at pundits; ''lower class'' is out.)
The industry is healthier today than it was five years ago.
A. Euphorbia appears on almost all lists of deer-resistant plants.
And I'm confident that our search will yield that which I strongly believe: that Saddam had a weapons program.''
And one of the first things she told me about Amanda was that she had just finished reading her novel, ''Wonder When You'll Miss Me.''
WINE LIST -- Bring your own.
Mr. Townsend continued to write his column -- for a while.
From the wellness guru Deepak Chopra to the television psychologist Dr. Phil, a host of self-empowerment powerhouses are increasingly branching into new areas of business to keep the revenues -- and the karma -- flowing.
''Crater was conservative,'' he said.
When you're training for this, you joke about, you can't wait for the real thing.
Of course, some professionals who have left New York say they were pushed.
''All this falls under the big umbrella of targeted drug design based on structural biology,'' Dr. Fauci said.
Its range had extended from Maine to Georgia and west to South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas, with subspecies in Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, Colorado and Florida.
We returned to scooping Borden's out of its square carton and greeted the opening of the first Baskin-Robbins in our town with excitement bordering on the ridiculous.
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, the country's supreme religious leader, wields far-reaching powers.
As someone who visits the area in every season, I would like to add two wonderful places to stay within minutes of Tomales Bay that are worth their reasonable rates.
Or could this be the big one, the one that sends you to the nursing home with no return passage?
The service is open to the public, and is expected to be attended by relatives of the victims, elected officials, clergy and other members of the community.
The plane failed to make normal radio contact with a control tower soon after leaving an airport in Girardot, 50 miles southwest of Bogotá, the capital.
''To the degree that this company has been in reactive mode, it could allow someone to be reactive and someone to be proactive,'' she said.
The subject, Stephen Dale Fielding, is a childlike, heavily tattooed bear of a man with limited intelligence whom the filmmaker, Steve James, befriended as an Big Brother while a student at Southern Illinois University.
''I've been playing a long time,'' said Mondesi, with a 10-year veteran's detachment.
With New York State and its counties facing the biggest deficits in a generation, officials have given up the X-Acto knives traditionally used to trim budgets and have taken out pickaxes instead.
So fill out those tournament brackets at your own risk.
Then send Saddam's recently captured two half-brothers and Saddam himself in the unlikely event that we catch him alive, to sit in the Hague, up the corridor from Slobodan Milosevic.
.4:30:02 15365 Kowalski, D, 38M .
The firm won a $125,000 annual contract but actually received $680,000.
''I have no right to be where I am if you look at this race on paper,'' he added the next morning on the plane to Iowa.
Because she's the moral center of the show, viewers are unlikely, at first, to condemn her for racism.
''Pain,'' she sang again, in two notes leaping downward.
He is also good at feigning hurt, outrage and soulfulness, though his emotions always resolve into a manic playfulness edged with both anxiety and hostility.
We accept the duties of our generation.
Agriculture was meant to be one of the biggest sources of American exports to China, meeting the demands of the rapidly growing middle class there with huge shipments of grain and meat.
''We're still aggressively acquiring properties,'' he said, ''but one thing that is slowing down the market is that sellers -- and even some buyers -- have developed an unrealistic sense of pricing.''
On the side he worked as a florist, record clerk, poet, dancer, dance critic, music copyist and playwright.
A commuter plane that crashed on takeoff from Charlotte, N.C., in January was 400 to 1,000 pounds overweight, and two bags in its tail baggage compartment were so heavy that it took two handlers to carry each of them, a sign that the plane was tail-heavy as well, people involved in the investigation said.
Mr. Kirchner became the 49th president in that time, the first from Patagonia, and the sixth during the extraordinary period of economic collapse and political instability that Argentina has gone through in the past 18 months.
Even the view from his windows, overlooking Killiney Bay, reinforces the image.
Comparing the industry's present circumstances with those just after Sept. 11, 2001, he said: ''The situation looks different.
Addressing the quota accusation, he added: ''The Police Department for many years has had productivity goals.
Human rights organizations feared that violence might erupt among the city's competitive ethnic groups once the Baath grip loosened; so far the settling of old scores has not happened, according to Kurdish and American officials, interviews with Arabs and Turkmen, and visits to the city's hospitals.
The lead author was Dr. L. Michele Maynard of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
A handful of familiar clichés have made the rounds to explain this -- it's about ease of use, it's about Apple's great sense of design.
Nelson said it was accidental, but he expected a warning from the plate umpire, Tim Welke.
In the face of Philippe's heated campaign to burnish Mouton's allure, Baroness de Rothschild staged the wedding in the vaulted cellars of Lafite.
''He has real personal relationships with them, and they trust him.''
In Houston, Nathan Belkovsky opened a newsstand, then sold insurance, and entered America's middle class.
Todd Helton hit a three-run homer off Curt Schilling and the host Colorado Rockies won their fourth straight game, 8-3, over the Arizona Diamondbacks yesterday.
His promotion of the state was legendary.
''I do not know,'' a military official said.
Maggie Lee, who lives across the street from Morningside Park, remembers what it was like to fight to preserve the sanctity of city parkland.
But analysts and investors were underwhelmed, and the company's stock fell 8.4 percent.
He is a defenseman who was acquired from Edmonton last Tuesday in the trade that sent the underachieving left wing Brad Isbister and the prospect Raffi Torres to the Oilers.
Questions of technique continue to bedevil amateurs.
Pots served with dim sum?
He said no other coalition countries are willing to provide troops for expanding the peacekeeping force, which is currently under joint German and Dutch command.
About 30 years ago, Mr. Zeiger said, a musical cost around $1.5 million to produce and made its money back more easily.
Gruden might jab Sapp to push him, Johnson said, ''but he does it the other way with me.''
The J. D. Johnson building, as it was known from 1938 to 1992, is in a state Empire Zone, a designated economic development area, and includes among its tenants to date R. J. Dooley & Associates, the seven-year-old construction and engineering company that owns the structure and will occupy 30,000 square feet; a law firm that is leasing 3,000 square feet for five years; two restaurants; and the offices of psychologists.
After more than six years in court, some in Congress and elsewhere have urged the two sides to settle.
What lay before them was either freedom or long prison terms, which, they knew, would most likely include torture and extreme privation.
He dropped a few passes.
''During my father's time, the Depression was brutal and it wiped out his business, a chain of radio stores.
During the Persian Gulf war, he said, the military gave security briefings to commercial pilots contracted to fly to the region.
President Vladimir V. Putin said Russia had not yet decided whether to ratify the international treaty aimed at reducing emissions linked to global warming.
The resignation of Ravi Batra on Thursday as vice chairman of the Brooklyn judicial screening committee, before which all candidates who seek the party's support must appear, is perhaps the biggest development in the roiling scandal since Justice Garson's arrest in April.
I feel ambivalent about selling my services in a world where some can't buy them.
.5:31:14 29163 Palmeri, S, 54M .
The City Council clearly would like to restore some services and move some things around, depending on what they think is less important.
But their losses are worthy of little sympathy, considering that Enron could never have mounted such a vast fraud without the banks' help.
Black, beady-eyed and slightly menacing.
To the Editor: Re ''Recognizing the Dance on the Dotted Line'' (What's Next, March 13), on authenticating a signature on the basis of the user's hand movements: Biometric signature data is encoded in binary form and can be stolen as easily as credit-card data.
It's not horrible -- after all, the digital picture of any mini-DV camcorder is more than twice as sharp as VHS -- but it's only as sharp and richly colored as images from the least expensive camcorders.
And both sides would pay much less to lawyers, who now receive more than half of all the money spent on asbestos litigation, studies say.
I think it was a good call.''
The Neema Children's Center has disappeared into thin air, authorities here say, and so have other groups that claim to be fighting AIDS in this African capital.
''Each of us had a chance to shed some tears.''
It was 11 days, not two weeks.
The March premiere of Jeffrey Hatcher's ''Korczak's Children,'' about the Polish educator and Holocaust victim Janusz Korczak, typifies this risk-taking spirit.
Devoted father of Linda Schept (David) and Marsha Reiss (Barry).
Museum hours: daily, 10 a.m. to 5:45 p.m., except Fridays, when the Rose Center is open until 8:45 p.m. for ''Starry Nights.''
As long as the 100-foot tower existed only on paper, the order of nuns was not entitled to any lease payments, and the nun who signed the agreement thought so little of it, she neglected to mention it to her superiors, Mr. Fitzgerald said.
For those who find, as I usually do, that looking at great art is one of the surest ways to work up a hearty appetite, Naples offers a wide variety of ways to satisfy one's hunger, from simple pizzerias and trattorias to more elegant restaurants in the hills above the bay.
team in Albany, and liked how they played defense, and just a general feel of the team,'' Krause said.
Mr. Kuroda said that until recently he had been wary of new digital systems because they can crash, potentially ruining a show.
According to investigators, Mr. Green and Mr. Wilson had agreed beforehand on a plan to rob the two detectives.
Dominic Moore and Tom Cavanaugh each scored twice for the Crimson (15-7-1).
Mr. Schlei was an assistant attorney general and chief of the Justice Department's Office of General Counsel from 1962 to 1966.
But Ms. Allen said the sector was very vulnerable because low interest rates and zero-down-payment mortgages had inflated the housing market.
We drove to Kalami, 20 miles north of Corfu Town.
That compares with $57 million, or 1 cent a share, in the period a year earlier.
We are meant, of course, to attribute this to her time at the Poplars, but here, I think, Leroy's style does her a disservice.
At 2-5, the script is old and worn, and the surprise ending that captivated everyone last season -- quarterback Chad Pennington coming on to rally the Jets to the playoffs -- now offers as many questions as answers.
ON the face of it, examinations of human phobias or the physics of ice-skating and billiards would seem to have little to do with ''the increase and diffusion of geographic knowledge,'' the mission the founders of the National Geographic Society took on when they convened in a club near the White House in 1888.
The competition in the Salt Lake City area mirrors that in towns and cities from Portland, Ore., to Portland, Me.
Then we saw these naked ladies jump up.''
''You have to question just how practical it is to obtain this information,'' Mr. Moghul said.
To demonstrate, he stretched his arms skyward and clicked his fingers to various tempos: the spirited bulerías, the grave soléa, the light-hearted alegría and the fierce zapateado.
The contained Lorin Maazel stands on the podium of the electric Leonard Bernstein and Zubin Mehta.
''Sign language is so beautiful,'' he signs, in a gushing mockery of the attitude that exoticizes sign and correspondingly reduces deaf people to the status of pets, mascots.
It's very sad that he hit me and Jeter, but that's part of the game.''
The music and the martinis may be on that side of the curtain, but the real action is on the other side.
More political opinions from the host of the cable news program ''The O'Reilly Factor.''
A French Normandy mansion on five landscaped acres on a lake, the house is listed with several location services.
Previous efforts by other surgeons to separate twins joined at the head had high death rates, and survivors were often left with brain damage.
These are the demonstration passages for the God of Old, a deity who, hologrammatically as it were, can be invisible one moment and visible the next, depending on your angle of inspection.
''This area has many people, many nations, Latino, Filipino, Chinese, Russian, Hungarian,'' Mr. Ree said.
The revival of Camden's waterfront -- which has grown to include a baseball park, a performing arts center and a battleship museum -- has failed to spark a wider renewal in this deteriorating city of 79,800, a former manufacturing hub for tomato soup and record players that is now burdened with more than 3,000 wrecked or abandoned properties and considered to be a perpetual beggar for funds at Trenton's table.
''We had a lot of fairly young people and up-and-coming career people from Wall Street,'' said Robert Schmukler, a lawyer who lived into the Archive twice during the 1990's and then finally moved to the Upper East Side a year and half ago as his rent protection was about to expire.
We would like to stress that Iraq has chosen the path of peace.
''Without a great race car, you don't have a prayer.''
-- Nancy McAfee, Pepper Pike, Ohio A.
Their carpets would be silvery in the light, beige like suede or the resonant blue of night skies, with drifting brushstrokes or soft squares like tiles worn by age and weather.
These figures, she said, were a ''particularly important'' gauge of Hewlett-Packard's improving competitiveness.
Chris Guest told me about the Bad Impression Club, which is a group of his friends who do bad impressions.
The first battle is taking place here in the towns around the sprawling Foxwoods Resort Casino on the Mashantucket Pequot Reservation.
The Tampa Bay Lightning also has 71 points in 65 games, but the Islanders have 30 victories and the Lightning 28.
The study advocates ferries because, while the costs of operating ferries and commuter trains are roughly comparable, it would cost far less to expand ferry service than to build tunnels or train connections.
Now those things aren't even a factor anymore.
It's not a bad matchup.
''They're the most flexible of everybody,'' he said with a laugh.
Still, abortion rights supporters asserted that the language of the legislation was so vague that it could outlaw other, more commonly used abortion procedures.
''No psychological technique better illustrates the yawning gulf'' between data and clinical practice.
By copying the action of the natural protein, the drug works with the immune system to help control the symptoms.
For many, whatever is excreted is a litmus test of how pure one is.
Working Americans need jobs just to survive.
''This raises questions on whether services are being provided to natural-birth parents,'' he said.
They don't know that 9-to-5 labor laws don't work in science.
DESIGNERS traditionally choose textiles based on their beauty, strength or cost.
Colonel Stutzrem also said Major Schmidt's request to strafe from a high angle in the black of night was ''extremely unusual.''
There has been much speculation, even among Mr. Lieberman's closest aides, about whether the nation is prepared to elect its first Jewish president next year beyond questions like whether Mr. Lieberman is too conservative for voters in Democratic primaries.
A somewhat awkward method for entering specific reminders is available, but even Mr. Fest acknowledges that his project is more a complement to other services than a replacement.
Both boys are breathing through the devices now, Dr. Thomas said.
Israeli officials said all those representatives might arrive within a month.
The aroma still wafts around I.B.M.
Why, I asked her recently, does pho fascinate you so much?
For nearly two months, the site has sat unguarded in Baghdad and Iraqis have been free to tamper with it.
Should Mr. Macri win, the high visibility that goes with the mayor's job, combined with limited political competition on the right, would make him a leading contender for president in the next election, scheduled for 2007.
''That's easy to see, but it's wrong,'' said Dr. David F. Anderson, a retired high-energy physicist who wrote ''Understanding Flight'' with Dr. Eberhardt.
But on Friday Mr. Karmazin said he was not convinced that cooperation worked at Infinity.
On a street where the failed and fallen apart have historically held sway, the accumulation of healthful gifts is welcome.
At another point, the government says, Mr. Elgindy whimsically typed ''fbi fbi fbi fbi fbi,'' then the name of a company he thought was under investigation, then ''whatchya gonna do when they come for you.''
That incident was the subject of a separate, classified review.
The flight data recorder was recovered a few hours after the crash and decoded overnight by the safety board at its laboratory in Washington.
Lance Armstrong was not the least bit concerned about the bumps.
Treaders in the Snow is the name Mana Hashimoto, Naeko Shikano and Takako Matsuda have given their modern-dance trio, given the quietude and haunting visuals of their choreography.
That is borne out by the book ''PCs for Dummies,'' which used to cover just PC technology -- the hard drive, the monitor and the disk drive.
But Fire Department officials say most departments in the country have four or fewer firefighters on their engines.
I walked in here, they said, 'It's your first one kid; you won the game.'
Yell estimates that its shares will trade at 250 to 300 pence ($4.16 to $4.99).
This is not altogether new.
Her friends were invited to them every weekend, sometimes two or three in the same weekend.
Organizers said judges had cast their ballots for those invited to the Sept. 15 finals before the rashes broke out.
But Mr. Hu did not rule out changes in exchange rate mechanisms as the economy matured.
tournament when he had a 41-point game for Kentucky, is quickly becoming a darling in this year's N.B.A.
A separate panel of international health experts appointed by Tung Chee-hwa, Hong Kong's chief executive, said it had been given complete access to officials involved in the territory's response to the SARS outbreak this year and would assess individual responsibility.
Mr. Morweiser said Germany was under pressure to appear vigilant in curbing sales to Iraq, in light of its checkered history.
It will sell more than $300 million worth of tickets by 2003.
''I've been a Dodgers fan since the Brooklyn days,'' said Al Fuller, 60, wearing an L.A. hat, ''but I root for the Angels when they play other American League teams.''
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call expected net income of 16 cents a share.
The way, for instance, I inverted ''I'm not perfect'' to make it sound more .
''There are so many good people and how they will skate on that given night,'' Cohen said.
In Maine, however, and to a lesser degree in a few other states, the authorities say much of the methadone has been the liquid form used in drug clinics and spread, in some cases, by clinic patients.
It was early Saturday, not on Friday.
None of the jurors' lives seem particularly interesting at first, but things slowly take shape.
Meeting in Manhattan with Mitsuo Kodama, Chunichi's manager for baseball operations, Millar cited family reasons and the possibility of war with Iraq as reasons for his change.
A survey of ''the dark side of the all-American meal.''
In any case, the proper way for Dr. Damadian to have addressed this controversy would have been to compare his published results with those of Dr. Lauterbur, and not by appealing to popular support in the newspapers from people who do not understand what the technical issues are about.
He missed all of last season with a similar injury to his right knee.
PISTONS 90, CAVALIERS 75: Richard Hamilton scored 23 points and Chauncey Billups added 15, leading Detroit to a victory over host Cleveland.
Back in Florida, Bradley could nearly field a side comprised of unsigned players who are in camp: MARIO ROSAS (Spain), DILLON SHEPPARD (South Africa), GABRIEL VALENCIA (Sweden), DANIEL GARNERO (Argentina), CARSON FAGAN (Cayman Islands), TORRES MESTRE (Spain), GIOVANNI SAVARESE (Venezuela) and the Americans TROY COWELL, CHRIS SANJE and SCOTT VALLOW.
Now, the Bridgehampton Chamber Music Festival is a full-blown music event, and it's celebrating its 20th anniversary.
ADRIAEN'S LANDING, the roughly $870 million riverfront development that was perceived for years as a quixotic idea, is at last under construction in downtown Hartford.
It's like buying a new home, just not necessarily the same price.
The trainer ripped off the mangled mask, pulled the umpire's right eye open and shined a small flashlight into the orb.
But Mr. Corasaniti was skeptical about the bank's chances of not reporting more disappointments in corporate lending, among other areas.
Inside, the lucky thief found rows of high-value chips -- $5,000, $1,000 and $500 denominations to be precise.
I still want to play and I want to at least know that there could be a situation where I might play, like this year.
The Dia curator Lynne Cooke says they allude to gender roles, hysterical pregnancy, grassroots politics of the 60's, Bertolt Brecht's play ''Mother Courage,'' the cold war and much more.
Jonathan Eaton's handsome 1992 production, which presents all the requisite exotifications of Spain in deep dark colors, has worn well.
But one fish you rarely see is the porgy.
A three-judge panel of the court ruled on Monday that the California recall election should be postponed because these mechanically challenged devices threatened to disenfranchise tens of thousands of voters.
I don't know if I take it too hard, but it's a competitive sport; you've got to want to compete.''
The Rose gets the second to replace the Trojans.
Twinlab had sought Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection last week.
SHARFMAN--Carl W., age 91, formerly of Chicago, late of Hollywood & Plantation, FL, on October 10, 2003.
I know he's going to be excited, and I know he's going to be pumped up.
In Washington, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said a declaration of victory would come ''later rather than sooner,'' and warned that the allies still faced stiff resistance in Baghdad and northern Iraq.
The gallery has cleared much of the furniture on two floors to display drawings from Charles Plante Fine Arts, a London gallery bearing the name of its owner.
Now a growing number of election officials and politicians seem to be agreeing with the skeptics.
Dr. Beasley, who spent years here fighting hepatitis B, spoke for the W.H.O., which cannot deal with the government because China objects.
The team's physician, Dr. James Muntz, said that Tomjanovich was resting comfortably and would remain in the hospital overnight as a precaution.
The Cendant Corporation said yesterday that John Chidsey had resigned as chairman and chief executive of the company's vehicle and financial services division.
''We are reviewing the current system that was inherited by the department,'' said Jerry Russo, Mr. Klein's press secretary.
Under the plan announced yesterday by Peter S. Kalikow, the board's chairman, riders who pay in advance for a monthly unlimited MetroCard will have even more incentive to do so.
''The bulk of the nation's reform efforts have been focused on elementary schools, and these results suggest the dire situation that the nation's high schools are in,'' Mr. Toch, the author and writer in residence at the National Center on Education and the Economy, said.
While she raised concerns about the proposal, saying it could increase the influence of spending by political parties, she did not take a position on the vote.
Executives, of course, vigorously defend the decisions to build their own facilities.
But when the same word is used as a noun -- ''I see the bear, and its dancing isn't so hot'' -- then the word is classified as a gerund.
His importance rose after NBC, along with CBS and ABC, ordered their staff correspondents out of Baghdad.
We've diversified our economic base; we have a vibrant arts community and an incredibly diversified population.
Her insulin level, on the other hand, was sky-high: more than five times the normal level.
For Mr. Schröder, who oversaw the long and expensive restoration of the recently reopened Albertina, the Dürer exhibition accomplishes two purposes.
Ever since oil went through $25 a barrel midway through last year, oil stocks have underperformed the market.
AN aspiring pediatric cardiologist, but a closet activist, he joined Vista and spent two years working in eastern Arkansas in the sixth-poorest county in the nation.
Sandra was born in Warwick, New York.
Believing as they do in the Oreo experience, the issue for Kraft executives boils down to this: Why introduce a new cookie brand when you can just keep reinventing the Oreo?
The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index lost 8.3 percent, on average, according to Morningstar.
''He designs shows that don't go over budget but look like they did,'' said Todd Haimes, artistic director of the Roundabout.
Even taking the numbers at face value, he said, would only elevate the group ''from an F to a D'' in his group's eyes.
This nonchalant, supple look can be seen in knitted furs.
But MET Delta members said they had asked the Army's Institute of Pathology, in Washington, to send out a forensic anthropologist to help determine the exact time and manner of their deaths.
The County Legislature approved the spending plan, along with a contingency plan that included a tax increase, layoffs and further spending cuts to be put in place if the state did not authorize the sales tax increase.
With the next generation of authorities the scientific expert mutated into the sympathetic expert.
Before Osuna stumbled, Jeff Nelson had also flopped during a five-run seventh that was much different from the three-strikeout performance he had against his former team on Friday.
Another pressing issue is theater bathrooms.
By all accounts, the friction between Mr. Wright and Mr.
''They are making Maurice a scapegoat.
Gazing at the Hudson itself, visitors can listen to folk songs about the river and contemplate its wonders.
As he turned Perfectly Pleasant for home, Solis felt a surge of power he had never experience before.
In the dead calm, the smoke from the cannon and numerous small blazes created a thick blanket of sulfurish smoke, eerie and ghostly to the onlookers on the cliff, choking and toxic to the men trapped within.''
''And we also spoke about Hermann Hesse,'' he added with wonderment.
RANDOM drug testing could be coming to a middle school and a high school near you -- and in some districts much sooner than others.
His boss, New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, calls the regulatory system full of ''huge, gaping holes.''
Reviving his 1997 production, Michael Capasso, the director and co-founder of the small company (and co-creator of its 204-seat basement theater), is offsetting the drama -- including the famous aria of the sad clown, ''Ridi Pagliaccio'' -- with arias and scenes from other verismo operas, from Giordano's ''Fedora'' and Cilea's ''Adriana Lecouvreur'' to Puccini's early and rarely done ''Edgar,'' which Dicapo presented in its entirety earlier this season.
The jailhouse summons, which prompted an outcry from Russia's bar, was the latest in a series of aggressive and, lawyers say, illegal tactics in an investigation lasting months into Mr. Khodorkovsky and others connected with his company, Yukos Oil.
Beyond that, his firm is designing basketball courts, putting greens and children's playrooms for inclusion in buildings.
''For a lot of women, it wouldn't be fun.''
.4:56:22 22360 Ottink, J, 30M .
It was a moment in which the mistrust, the antiwar sentiment, the anti-civil rights sentiment in the South, the sum of it just seemed enormous.''
The kicker and the quarterback ought to be roommates.
They had been sitting in silent repose on Thursday during their predawn trip to work as janitors at Planet Hollywood in Times Square.
Four different versions of a dance will be offered, each with a different video environment and sound score.
Child welfare workers will continue to monitor the safety of those 45 children, Ms. Maguire said.
Mr. Everson is haunted by the prospect that Unicode may never be finished.
A faded Danish leather sofa and mohair-covered Marcel Breuer chairs in her loft are surprisingly comfy, to borrow one of Ms. Crawford's favorite expressions (the other being ''yummy'').
He said the administration should take on welfare reform legislation first, and carped on television about their health plan, quickly fixing on the role of teaching hospitals as the biggest issue in health care.
But Mr. Charney is not universally adored.
Neither Mr. Raines nor Mr. Boyd returned telephone calls seeking comment.
It was only in 1999, after an astounding amount of abuse was found to be occurring in foster homes, that the state began to do formal certification of homes (it started full licensing in 2002).
does have long-term agreements,'' he added, but national and sporting federations are directly affected.
Protesters came straight from jail for a plate of hot food and a glass of tea, on the house, of course.
We need to speak up and work together to find it and make it reality.
Crumble wasabi pebbles around the noodles in the broth.
Curabunda fell in love with the chief of a neighboring tribe.
But with the opening bars of ''Miss Saigon'' minutes away, the atmosphere in the orchestra pit was relaxed, business as usual.
The last contra-seasonal Chilean fruits are mealy and brown inside from long storage, but California's main harvest, in the San Joaquin Valley, does not begin until the end of the month.
''But there is an ethical component in both the re-examination of one's own priorities and the sense of solidarity with the people who are fighting the war, whether you agree with the war or not.''
''; and Peter McCarty, an artist whose most recent book is ''Hondo & Fabian.''
Given students' access to increasingly sophisticated technology, and the kind of intense competition that also shows up in sports, drama productions and other extracurricular activity, youths like the 10th grader here in Las Cruces who won a regional competition with nothing more than a felt-tipped pen and a dozen or so cockroaches are now the rare exception.
''It's taught in spring training, but not much,'' Zimmer said.
Reported cases have risen steeply in many countries, outstripping the resources for treatment and setting off a debate over whether the increase reflects greater awareness and better diagnosis or unknown environmental factors.
For almost all of the first four laps of the eight-lap race, Webb ran behind a pacesetter and Thie ran behind Webb.
And while some educators say that small, alternative programs cost more than large ones, others argue that they can be just as cost-effective as traditional schools.
Few festivals offer staged performances of ballroom dancing, a perfect summer entertainment.
These are people who memorize scripts for a living.)
There have also been suggestions that his arm was twisted by some Democrats in Congress who were worried about the same polls and who considered him bland enough to emerge as a consensus candidate.
Their clinching number for winning the Central Division is four.
''You can't park on this street,'' one crew member said.
All, in one way or another, have been vilified in their own home state.
In memory of a very special and unique person whose kindness, charity, graciousness and humanity and whose love of the pursuit of knowledge have been instilled in and will continue to shine through her children and grandchildren.
I put the cigarette in my shirt pocket and never smoked again.
The lists can be found at www.emsc.nysed.gov.
Still, Mr. Jurvetson said, valuations are clearly rising for many private nanotechnology companies.
Yet this book is studded with intriguing information (how did the voluptuous Song of Solomon get its prim annotations?)
Before then, Europeans intermittently acknowledged what was happening here.
The disease has been all but eliminated in the United States, where only a handful of cases are reported each year, and those usually are sick people coming into the country.
Judge O'Scannlain conceded, however, that Supreme Court precedent in this area could be ''fractured and incoherent.''
The acquisition price represents an 89.2 percent premium, based on Numerical's closing price of $3.70 a share on Friday.
Ms. Bailey counseled Ms. Cunningham through her grief over her parents' deaths and her fear about providing for the girls.
''This week, three members of my cabinet -- Treasury Secretary John Snow, Commerce Secretary Don Evans and Labor Secretary Elaine Chao -- visited business owners and their workers in the Midwest,'' Mr. Bush said in his weekly radio address on Saturday.
The Officers, Board of Directors, and Staff of UJA-Federation of New York are deeply saddened by the sudden and untimely loss of our esteemed colleague, Gary Rubin, Managing Director of UJA-Federation's Commission on the Jewish People.
''There continues to be a disconnect between the people sent to this building and the people out there who the governor obviously connects with.
So California, the victim of one of the worst abuses of market power since the robber baron era, will get no redress.
The deal, which the managers expect to close in October, would let DHL compete more effectively with FedEx and the United Parcel Service, Mr. Green said.
Looking to the Future Rival ferry operators say the city's administration of Pier 11 is typical of what they see as public officials' nonchalance toward regulating the ferry industry, even as it has become more lucrative.
Dunham, who has missed the last two games with a hip flexor injury, still reported soreness and is doubtful for the game.
Human space flight is a passion.
His themes were the popular entertainments, the street theater, musicians and fairs that he himself loved.
For now, only Clijsters is mathematically at the summit looking down.
''The stars and the moon have been aligning for us a little bit.''
Betting on a Korean Steel Maker Wilbur Ross, an investor in distressed assets, said that he hoped to conclude a preliminary agreement by the end of May to buy the Korean company, Kia Steel, from creditors.
For a copper flamenco dress with sky-blue polka dots, for the Columbus archives, for authentic flamenco, for a sandwich with anchovies, tuna and goat cheese, for la luz.
Mr. Syafruddin said that unbundled loans would fetch better prices and that even unrestructured, the loans appeal to legitimate investors.
She recounts how her fellow rebels raped her repeatedly.
''We believed the tournament would be a ratings winner on ESPN,'' Shapiro said.
Big groups should spring for La Feast, appetizers, entrees and salads on a huge platter and serving at least six ($89.99).
Coutts and Butterworth said last week that they were not allowed to see Team New Zealand's books.
It is the tranquil beauty that impresses: the long, sober vista of the vaulting in the west range, 300 feet of perfectly plain, perfectly symmetrical vaulting that arches over this extended open space, part of which was originally divided into cells; the lovely Romanesque arches of the cloister; the height of the nave in the church, with the great window at the end framing the green valley beyond.
Her brother, Benjamin Kates III, 16 years her senior, is a United States marshal in Texas.
Their comments largely echoed ones earlier in the trial, some from these same witnesses.
For this important appearance, Mr. Saraste made a statement about the vitality of Finnish music by beginning the program with the New York premiere of a recent work by a Finnish composer, Esa-Pekka Salonen, better known of course as the conductor of the Los Angeles Philharmonic.
The task force, composed of nine women and two men, said that hiring more women and improving their status would make women students and professors feel more comfortable and help Princeton recruit the best graduate students and postdoctoral fellows.
The account had been at J. Walter Thompson in New York, part of the WPP Group.
On the day of the hearing, an opinion article denouncing the proposal appeared under the byline of Harry Mills, the alliance's Kentucky executive director, in the state's largest newspaper, The Courier-Journal.
believes it manufactured more than a decade ago -- is bound to change the tenor of Mr. Bush's meetings in the next two weeks with the leaders of South Korea and Japan.
And at that moment, he believes, an angel got his wings.
''Every time it rains outside, water seeps from the external balconies into the labs on the corners of the building.
The Dolphins got the ball back at the Jets' 49 and marched into field-goal range.
''That was great,'' Colgate Coach Dick Biddle said.
Syracuse's Carmelo Anthony, going No.
The resolution will be incorporated into a new version of the W.H.O.
One, 46 square miles of the high desert called Jonah after a nearby gulch, has become a booming industrial-energy park.
''Most of my friends, honestly, are in the same boat,'' Mrs. Olson said.
First, not only do the overwhelming majority of Americans have no desire to leave the United States; millions of non-Americans are also eager to join them here.
''The sum of money is very small for what is at stake in the company,'' said Sir Michael Perry, a member of Ahold's board who was appointed to find a new chief executive after Cees van der Hoeven was ousted in February.
We are not surprised that Iraq is harboring Zarqawi and his subordinates.
Mrs. Hargrove was the second oldest among nine sisters and a brother, and gave birth to 10 children herself -- five sons and five daughters -- most of whom still live in the New York area.
He concludes his glowing tribute to Levittown with the statement: ''How appropriate that Levittown should become the conscience of America.''
It's clearly time for the demeaning ''don't ask, don't tell'' to be put to rest, and the sooner the better.
''If someone lost a cat and puts up a picture of little Whiskers on a tree, no one's looking to summons that action,'' Mr. Drulis said.
Several large supplement makers and industry groups welcomed the announcement, saying that they already had voluntary manufacturing and purity standards and that F.D.A.
He sent each of his eight children there.
''I don't know how long that's going to take.''
The euthanization orders, issued by the State Department of Health and the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, affect prairie dogs bought during the first three weeks of May from two Long Island pet stores: the Zeus Aquarium & Pet Supplies in Bay Shore, Suffolk County, which sold six of the animals during that time, and Pets in Bethpage, Nassau County, which sold seven.
Memorial service in New York to be announced.
ENDING THE VIETNAM WAR A History of America's Involvement in and Extrication From the Vietnam War.
Not all the victims were tested for the virus.
–What reasons might parents and guardians have for sending their children to camp?
When a waiter calls him Mr. Smarty Pants in French, he thoughtfully gives us the original: ''M.
Maybe those smart shoppers are the same hard bargainers who would have gotten a good price the old-fashioned way.
WRAP-UP/ HOMEWORK: After students have completed research and created their posters or timelines, each student prepares a paragraph to present on one section of his or her group’s topic at the teach-in as homework.
And we were convinced that as we went from the end of that regime to something other than that regime, there would be a period of transition.
career, which began in 1992.
Funeral on Friday, November 14 at St. Ignatius of Loyola Church.
He did not receive treatment for psychological disorders, including post-traumatic stress and traits of antisocial and borderline personality disorder.
George E. Pataki summoned up an image of Fulton Street alive with ''dozens of new shops, cafes and restaurants.''
His strategy, he told a news conference, was to make France Télécom an ''integrated group, not a pure player.''
's total revenue from its continuing operations climbed to $23.68 billion in the quarter, up 7 percent from $22.14 billion the same quarter a year ago.
Driving up their costs will further depress the economy by forcing them to lay off workers and pass costs on to consumers, they argue.
If voters want to participate in the Democratic primary, they should join the Democratic Party and make their voices heard.
''That got him prepared for kids in Chicago, New York, wherever.
With a few minor exceptions -- for example, will Senator Joseph R. Biden Jr. of Delaware run for president again?
Ms. Banks gave him the green light and the addition of 20 carts brought in $50,000 in new revenues last year.
But the survey, coming from a 146-year-old magazine that has published such bylines as Ralph Waldo Emerson and Gandhi, is already having an impact.
But he said the king's vigor, directness and charm had won him over.
Last week, Tim Dickman, chief executive of a smaller pharmacy benefit management company based in Minnesota, said the companies' business model ''is largely focused on extracting revenue from pharmaceutical manufacturers, only some of which is passed on'' to employers and health plans.
''Certainly there were altruistic motives,'' Dr. Connolly said.
In fact, recreating a celluloid duplicate of Humphrey Bogart or Marilyn Monroe will soon be possible, although there is little reason to fear that some cinematic Frankenstein will produce a clone of Elvis that can convince the world he never died.
The company desperately tried to pull the hose line, but it was heavy with water and hard to pull without a doorman on the landing to help.
The no-sweatshop industry, he said, needs an alternative production and supply chain that meets the quick turnaround time that wholesalers and retailers demand.
Ladle filling into prepared pans.
Pending a news conference today, Detective Todd McClendon, a spokesman for the Newark police, would say only that no one had been arrested and that a number of people were being questioned and sought for information about the weekend discoveries at 188 Parker Street in Branch Brook Park, a working-class neighborhood in north Newark.
As he looked back, it was evident that his father was an important influence, less for his work as a Bombay textile dealer than for his penchant for gambling.
Almost everyone who likes golf, and many who don't, would be interested in watching Sorenstam play against the men, even those who don't believe she should have been given an exemption.
Here and there one can still make out comic faces, icons of consumerism, interracial couplings and the like, but it's all beginning to dissolve into a kind of manic action painting that gives an impression of feverish dreaming.
''It would take one vial, one canister, one crate slipped into this country to bring a day of horror like none we have ever known,'' Mr. Bush says, in a State of the Union clip.
They managed only six hits today and four in Friday night's 6-1 loss.
It was the first interception thrown by an Oregon quarterback this season, and one of seven the Ducks' quarterbacks would have in the game.
Joe Trippi, Dr. Dean's campaign manager, said this was ultimately a pre-emptive television strike.
7 5 2 TRADING UP, by Candace Bushnell.
room at Lobby on West 38th Street wearing a necklace with gigantic CV initials encrusted in diamonds in her hair.
''We're rain or shine,'' Mrs. Garibay said.
The first one, left after intestinal surgery in 2000, was found about eight months after the operation and removed by the same surgeon who had left it.
On Thursday, the district attorney in Northampton County, Pa., named Mr. Cullen as a suspect in the death of a 78-year-old patient at Easton Hospital.
Are we going to drive ourselves crazy long before Osama bin Laden ever does?
''The only word to describe that is 'disgraceful,' '' said Nell Minow, a founder of the Corporate Library, a research group that tracks executive compensation.
''There were police on the roofs and people with bats in the streets,'' she recalled of that fabled event.
or those struggling with typical problems in a broken home.
It was a clever way to welcome Clemens for a swan song in the park where he won 100 times, but those were the last friendly words he heard.
Wells created a furor with the book ''Perfect I'm Not!
''It will be there when I am ready.''
Abetted by its producers, the Rapture gets deep inside the old vamps.
The company, which is the nation's second-largest buyer of home mortgages behind its corporate sibling, Fannie Mae, is trying to recover from an accounting scandal that led to the resignation of its former chief executive, Leland C. Brendsel, in June.
UNION COUNTY COLLEGE ''Prints From the Collection of Eileen M. Foti -- Artist and Master Printer.''
At 148 pounds and a hair under 5 feet 10 inches, Mr. Hershey, a trumpet player, says his size is a bonus in the cramped confines of an orchestra pit.
The lending institutions are superstarry: the Uffizi, the Louvre, the Vatican, the Royal Library at Windsor Castle.
''I'm very excited to have him on board,'' Chief Bratton said this afternoon in a hall at headquarters.
Ms. Santoro also designed the film center's visual education program, known as ''See Hear Feel Film,'' which will teach film appreciation and visual literacy to 2,000 third graders from 20 Westchester schools this year.
Dialogue: Boy (with tearful voice): ''But you said if I asked you nicely, I might have a balloon.
Summers compares this ignorance to the provinciality of never having traveled abroad.
But Bill Gates is no ordinary philanthropist.
''We're not in favor of the mandatory provision,'' Mark Donahue, who leads the Fraternal Order of Police in Chicago, said of the recording bill this afternoon.
''He told me how important this was to his candidacy for obvious reasons,'' Mr. Stern said in relating a conversation with Mr. Gephardt about an endorsement.
Last week, I served a roast of veal stuffed with prunes and apricots.
The trouble-plagued Bristol-Myers Squibb may also be a ripe takeover candidate -- if anyone is willing to approach it.
Hours: Fridays through Sundays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Many then decide not to submit their work for publication.
The engineers could not promise that taking pictures of the shuttle in orbit would enable their team to provide ''definitive high confidence answers'' as to the damage and risk, Mr. Rocha wrote.
Sure enough, the man had spilled coffee in his lap and was trying to clean it up.
But to keep up a consistent flow of money he came up with a plan to build houses from donated supplies and labor and finance Jésica's Hope Chest with the proceeds from the sales.
A development that helped push open the door to cellphone gaming in the United States was the adoption in 2001 of a technology called BREW, or binary runtime environment for wireless, which Ms. Kane said had helped shorten download times and spur game development.
The Bush administration has rejected the treaty as onerous to the American economy, making Russia's participation decisive.
Some have suggested that Iraq's oil wealth can defray these costs.
''OUTSTANDING EARLY CHINESE VESSELS AND BRONZE FROM THE DIAN KINGDOM,'' Gisèle Croës at Danese, 41 East 57th Street, (212) 223-2227.
The Longhorns had won four consecutive games and eight of their last nine.
''Why should we try to repair it when we have an asset like Monster that everyone agrees will be a winner.''
Representative Tom DeLay of Texas will not go ahead with his plan to use a luxury cruise liner as a floating entertainment center for members of Congress, lobbyists and contributors during the Republican National Convention next summer, an aide said yesterday.
The seven parties are the ones recognized by allied forces as the major political groups opposed to Saddam Hussein's government around the time of the American-led invasion, he added.
''I've seen guys come out here with laptop computers and punch in all this stuff,'' he said, ''and they don't do any better.''
The point was for them to think back on other books in the series, remember that Jack and Annie always get saved by strange creatures, and predict that the Ninjas would help them.
Koreans are feeling assertive and are not in a mood to acknowledge this at the moment, but to place their bets on China, whose domestic institutions are not exactly transparent or stable, is wishful thinking.''
Their business side is perhaps not as strong as it should be.''
''They are not perfect, but we found them to be good at training overseas staff and introducing new ideas, like hygiene education in China,'' Sister Nicole said afterward.
has not had a Baghdad station since the first gulf war, when the United States shut its embassy in the Iraqi capital.
Despite their efforts to dissociate themselves from ''accounting irregularities,'' the agency said, ''the credit quality of both companies may still be affected by possible damage to their corporate image, particularly as this could affect their access to funding.''
Desserts are a highlight, from the baked phyllo stuffed with melting ganache to the lemony shortbread with apricot preserves and a vertical cylinder of Alsatian cheesecake, which is fluffed up by whipping sabayon, cooked sweetened egg yolks, into the mixture.
''I don't think the government gains anything by winking.''
Mr. Watkins, despite the large body of work he produced later, remains perhaps best known for ''The War Game,'' his pioneering 1965 mock documentary, which used the techniques of television reporting to depict the aftermath of nuclear war in a British city.
He said he did not know whether it was now appropriately valued.
FindWhat.com's previous forecast was for profit of 10 cents a share on $16 million in sales.
I don't want to leave him behind; this thought makes me cry bitterly.
They included Marie Arnet (substituting for Christiane Oelze) as Ilia, Magdalena Kozena as Idamante, Anne Schwanewilms as a rough-voiced Elettra (although she nailed her frenzied final aria, ingeniously staged by Mr. Sellars), and a leathery-sounding Philip Langridge in the title role.
After the programs, Dr. Fendrick said that specialists in colonoscopies soon began reporting what they called ''the Couric effect.''
''All my cares of the day just wilt away.
WHEN China opened its doors to Western investment in the 1980's, almost all of the pioneers struck out.
Now it is clear that analysts cannot report to investment bankers.
Gainsborough, who had scant interest in theory and preferred actors to artists for company, cleared a place for himself between these reformist poles, at first by splicing them together.
Ms. Jennings said that the e-mail messages she exchanges with her daughter, who works at NBC, often contain work-related content.
But many coaches have criticized the rule, saying it stalls the development of team chemistry, and some analysts have blamed it for the unusually poor offensive output in the league this season.
Other scientists had already isolated neural stem cells in fetal and adult rodents.
Shares of Limited Brands declined 79 cents, to $16.62; Foot Locker shares gained 75 cents, to $16.11; and shares of Gap rose 22 cents, to $19.65.
Whether you have a new piece of furniture or the stuffing is falling out of your favorite chair, Gianni Arcuri, looking up from his sewing machine, can reupholster it.
Sure, there are still cobblestoned streets in Greenwich Village and the neighborhoods of Lower Manhattan.
Hosts are always needed; call (212)897-8900 to inquire about volunteering.
Brokers cite several reasons for the mall's success -- among them its location on top of the Bay Area Rapid Transit's Powell Street station, one of the busiest in the system, and the fact that Nordstrom occupies the top five levels rather than the lower floors, making it more likely that customers will explore the entire store.
According to current projections, he said, the country's oil revenues will grow to $12 billion next year from $2 billion this year; they should reach $19 billion in 2005 and $20 billion in 2006.
Although many people are aware that they may be sacrificing privacy by using workplace e-mail, they are sometimes indiscreet in what they write.
She is a talent, no doubt, but after listening to this CD a dozen times, the most I give it is faint praise.
Fierce barracudas, jacks and a six-foot sawfish share the habitat with the sharks.
Indeed, his style recalls that of William Randolph Hearst.
games from 1973 to 1975, is new to the N.B.A.
Assisting the tour leaders will be Art Brodsky, who held the South cards on the diagramed deal in a matchpoint game.
Being far from the cultural capital of Manhattan was a blessing.
There is so much there.
It's been traumatized over the last few years.''
Mr. Blodget's years of writing Wall Street analyses gave him the skills for the job, Mr. Weisberg said.
If they are finding it a hard slog in the Middle East, they are unlikely to find it much easier in Indonesia.
A copy of the report was made available Tuesday to The New York Times.
Outsiders say DreamWorks needs to do what other big studios do and acquire distribution rights to some other filmmakers' movies.
Unlike the gulf war, no Iraqi Scud missiles have been fired into Israel.
The author remembers her African childhood.
Encircled by 30 to 50 adolescents onstage, the celebrity hosts will answer questions in categories ranging from ''Kiss and Tell'' (highlights from their first kisses) to ''Rumor Busters'' (''What?!
In the case of AOL Time Warner, the total damages claimed might range from $30 billion to $100 billion.
The program pays participants, who work 16 hours a week, $250 or $350 a month, depending on seniority.
Mr. Goldman's latest company, Mailblocks Inc., helps customer deal with the rising flood of unwanted e-mail.
Sometimes Joe Pernice's voice sounds tender and unaffected, sometimes merely dull.
A founding member of the New York City Speech-Language-Hearing Association, a charter member of the New York State Speech - Language Hearing Association and a member of the American Association of Audiology, Markwitz was a certified member of the American Speech-language-Hearing Association.
She actually had rolling, raucous parties centered on her and food, at once comforting and uniting, and on laughs and enjoyment of her last days on earth.
The average return for emerging-markets mutual funds over all was a decline of 6 percent.
The newel post and the balustrade also have Gothic arches, acorn finials and a flat plate to scrape mud off your boots.
The priest, James T. Hanley, 65, had been accused of abusing at least a half-dozen children.
One writer, Christopher Lasch, noted in ''The Culture of Narcissism'': ''Many commentators assumed Ziegler was groping for a euphemistic way of saying that he had lied.
The market reversed again today, but the episode has sparked another round of debate about deflation, the economy and Japan's bloated debt.
He dismissed the Palestinian contention that Israel should free more.
It uses a series of voters to portray Mr. Lieberman as someone who is not bound by party ideology and who has fought special interests.
Immediately, the effort descended into chaos, as the Portland unit and the Houston headquarters pursued different visions of the future.
FROM THE DISSENT By Justice Scalia ''Liberty finds no refuge in a jurisprudence of doubt.''
The starters Ezra Williams, a senior, and Steven Thomas, a junior, decided yesterday that the lawsuit was pointless after the N.C.A.A.
''It's the size of a nickel.''
In the N.F.L., Ross posted a 77-68 record over nearly nine seasons as the coach of the Chargers and the Detroit Lions.
He was Enrique Camarena, not Camerena.
Before passing sentence, Judge William Skretny cited Mr. Mosed's cooperation with investigators but also mentioned a report that the defendant had given money to one of the men who had recruited him for the camp.
When Alastair Campbell, Mr. Blair's communications chief, gives evidence -- an appearance scheduled for Tuesday -- the spotlight will also turn on another personality, this time of a man fighting a zero-sum game to prove himself right and the BBC wrong in the question of whether last September's dossier was embellished in the name of political expediency.
Retired partner of the law firm of Cravath, Swaine & Moore; Church Warden Emeritus of Trinity Church, New York City; Trustee Emeritus of The Cathedral Church of Saint John the Divine.
For the second time in recent weeks forest fires threatened the city of Kelowna, British Columbia, forcing thousands to evacuate their homes, and destroying at least 6 of 18 nearby historic railway trestle bridges.
AUGUSTUS GODDARD Atlanta, June 19, 2003
Still, as Mr. Gerr noted, picking up VMware is ''a real coup for EMC.''
And I'm not trying to run from it either.''
Since two new wings at the campus, originally scheduled for the back-to-school opening, aren't ready, either, space is tighter than it was supposed to be.
But wars can be fought with some semblance of honor.
At the October meeting, he said, ''We're going to go into detail about what is known, what isn't known, what needs to be done, and then prioritize some things that need to be looked at.''
Last year, while Mr. Gerstner was still chairman of I.B.M.
Optioned RHP Jason Stanford to Buffalo.
They asserted that the Iraqis would hail the Americans as liberators, that Iraq had little history of ethnic strife and that nations like France, which opposed the war, would assist in reconstruction.
A special treat will be the program of extremely rare Lubitsch films from the collection of the Munich Filmmuseum, to be presented on June 23 and 24.
8, a gray-haired Colonial marshal shook his head.
The $41 million in compensation includes salary, bonuses, stock and options.
''The condos and co-ops and town houses give young couples a place to enter the housing market, and when they're financially ready and their family is growing, they can move to a single-family home,'' she said.
Maddux signed a one-year contract for $14.75 million this season, but the Braves did not sign Glavine and dealt Kevin Millwood because of the money.
''He's very supportive, very helpful, he makes me a better player.''
I don't think things are necessarily better, but they are different.
But the only reason I'm doing it is because of the competition, and I'm a big competitor.
The graphite is placed in a vice that exerts 1.6 million pounds of pressure per square inch, the equivalent of a 3-foot-wide column of concrete 2,000 miles high resting atop it.
Joining the Home Depot Center are Lincoln Financial Field in Philadelphia; Robert F. Kennedy Stadium in Washington; Gillette Stadium in Foxboro, Mass.
The borscht is a hearty meal for $5.
To the Editor: Even though I am a lifelong nonsmoker, I agree with Joe Jackson (''Want to Smoke?
''It hurts us tremendously and really threatens the ability of any town and village to clean up the mess,'' Mr. Gordon said.
Jochen Zeitz, who became C.E.O.
''But it was an adult show, and not something that happened to them.''
Microsoft announced yesterday that it had agreed to pay roughly $200 million to settle consumer class-action lawsuits in five states and the District of Columbia.
Directed by Francis Glebas G, 75 minutes The amiable tone of ''Piglet's Big Movie,'' a charmer of a family film spun off from A.
He was given jersey No.
In 1994 he did his first pop-up book, called Christmas Alphabet.
In its aftermath, Bruno complained to his fellow Republicans that the governor sounded like a broken record, calling him every day to rehash the budget, demanding to know why he'd been betrayed.
Mr. Bashir, who has Yemeni ancestors, became active in Islamic politics in Indonesia in the mid-1950's, when he was the leader of a moderate Islamic student organization.
If returns are so much higher for Democratic presidents than Republican ones, shouldn't we see investors rushing to the market when a Democratic victory looks likely?
Darryl Worley's song ''Have You Forgotten?,'' which equates Iraq with ''the ones behind bin Laden'' -- a connection the Bush Administration has been trying to make -- can be heard on country radio and at www.darrylworley.dreamworksnashville.com.
''Our perspective is not so much a grandiose discussion as to the equitable nature of tax policy,'' he said.
Their militia -- recruited in recent months inside and outside Iraq and trained by the American military in Hungary, in northern Iraq and around the southern town of Nasiriya -- are dressed in surplus American-style desert fatigues.
''For me it's a trade-off,'' she said.
Dr. Dean received standing ovations in Linn County on Saturday as he attacked Mr. Bush on affirmative action and Iraq.
''Americans know in their hearts that you don't make our country safer by erecting walls to keep others out.
An article in Business Day yesterday about results of a federal side-impact crash test described the Daewoo Nubira incorrectly.
But given that computer biologists have declared the correct figure as 21,000, who are the sweepstakes winners?
Nonetheless, there are several fronts on which the Bush administration could address growing problems that not only affect people around the world, but also threaten American economic productivity.
In that spirit, the group has organized health education campaigns in places as disparate as public libraries and tattoo and piercing parlors.
''It didn't need work,'' Mr. Maberry said.
They say Mr. Pryor may have been untruthful in answers to the committee about his role in soliciting political donations from tobacco, drug, energy and banking corporations that are often investigated by states and their attorneys general.
But ''The Fighting Temptations'' is thoroughly sanctified, presenting a carefully inoffensive story filled with inspirational performances by (in addition to Ms. Knowles), Shirley Caesar, Montel Jordan and, best of all, the O'Jays, who just happen to work at the local barbershop (Scott).
The Council vote, 45 to 3 with three members absent, clears the way for the budget to take effect at the start of the fiscal year on Tuesday, closing a $6.4 billion deficit that had pushed the city toward a fiscal crisis unrivaled since the mid-1970's.
Qualcomm shares rose $1.44, or 3.3 percent, to $44.89.
The book also delivers a bitterly funny assault on Alan Colmes, whom Mr. Franken deems the milquetoast house liberal at Fox News.
''The chief of staff is the quarterback.
Colonel Sperry also declined to say whether Mr. Bondeson, 53, had shot himself or had been killed by someone else.
Some who watched the fight felt Mosley had won, while others thought De La Hoya had won.
''I've gotten to know him real well, but my comments to him are really at a minimum.''
Like prospectors rushing to California, thousands of companies have rushed here to compete for roles in what could become the biggest reconstruction effort since the Marshall Plan rebuilt Europe after World War II.
This is called rush hour.
Chambers's prison violations, but in the past he said that Mr.
I'd push for a lightning bolt moment, and he'd trail off.
Plan conversions typically mean less money for workers close to retirement and have been the subject of a rash of lawsuits.
We extend our sincere condolences to her family, especially Valerie and Meredith Estess, who together with their sister founded Project A.L.S.
On a small floor, they have a better identity.''
The movie is sublimely silly -- as empty, elegant and beguiling as a magazine advertisement for an expensive watch -- but the director's evident pleasure, his impeccable CinemaScope compositions and the lush, suave score by Michel Legrand make it a seductive diversion (A. O. Scott).
I met with prominent people.
Several versions of Windows Media Player are available to download at www.microsoft.com/windows/windowsmedia/download.
The same seven players who were suspended today are supposed to miss at least two more games, although Villanova might play only one more game this season.
''I saw he was pumped up,'' Posada said.
Drawing the line between life and death is one of society's most challenging tasks.
The Iditarod, a 1,150-mile trek that has morphed into the sport's version of an ultra marathon, was set up in 1973 to honor that journey.
Some staff members sit and feed residents.
Since then, his store has become an island of anti-Bloomberg sentiment.
Computers there process information on the location, time, polarity and amplitude of each strike, and the processed data is sent back to the satellite, which alerts customers.
What happens in California, where Indian casinos produce about a third of the nation's $15 billion in tribal gambling revenue, will resonate across the country.
Hundreds of workers from the Civil Service Employees Association, the transport workers and other unions joined the rally.
Baumgartner was no ordinary skydiver: he was wearing a six-foot-wide carbon-fiber fin strapped to his back, making him look something like a human version of a Delta-winged military jet.
Upending a ceremony at which the high priest is Steve Martin is not, after all, an act of sacrilege quite on a par with disrupting high mass at St. Patrick's Cathedral.
The strings are connected through the wall to a big multipart contraption in the adjoining gallery.
The Education Department's appeal application asks for a breakdown on test scores.
There will be two co-chairmen of the board, Herbert Kleber, professor of psychiatry and director for the division on substance abuse at the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons, and Alan Leshner, chief executive at the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
But the new chief executive is inheriting an even more competitive business in turmoil.
Tad Drouet, a New York City wine consultant and Sommelier Society of America instructor and board member who tastes about 2,000 wines a year, also labeled Haight's wines as inferior.
In child rearing, he encouraged love and patience above all.
Others use technology to help executives manage stress.
He is a puncher and an intellectual.
''He's a very substantial person,'' Bettman said of Melnyk.
Now the Fujianese are fanning out: north to Boston, south to Virginia, west to Tennessee.
It is the kindness of strangers that is causing the population explosion of rattus norvegicus.
''The murder rates in Bridgeport and New Haven have declined dramatically since the campaign began,'' said Kevin J. O'Connor, Connecticut's United States attorney, and one of 93 United States attorneys who are leading the project nationwide.
''Retailing has no barriers to entry,'' Mr. Wolf of BB&T said.
''Rosanna was so happy with him,'' said their downstairs neighbor, Miriam Montes.
But he said he would not agree to any more manager's amendments in future spending bills.
The House has already passed a similar measure, and Dr. Frist has promised to bring the Senate bill up for a vote this fall.
As he well knew, the inner recesses of the Himalayas would have remained inaccessible without the Sherpas, who began as porters but became keen climbers in their own right.
In percent (Sources: Citigroup; Telerate; The Bond Buyer)
Shaughnessy, who is ranked No.
THE instruments were big and small, curved and straight-necked, plastic and wood, colored in shades of brown, tan, black and ivory.
Israel, which used a 550-pound bomb dropped from a warplane, said it was striking not only at Sheik Yassin but also at Hamas terrorists meeting with him.
This is a pleasant enough show, with impeccable acting and some nice songs, but the gigantic payoffs you expect given the play's pedigree never arrive.
Pierre had mostly slapped his way to 204 hits and a .305 batting average this season, and he had stolen 65 bases.
Echo, a consortium of seven traditional music stores, including Virgin Entertainment and Tower Records, part of MTS, was formed in January.
It is an ongoing concern.''
''In the case of the marathon, the operational costs and the cost of insurance has probably increased tenfold in the last few years,'' Reisman said.
The deficits will require so much borrowing that the Goldman economists figure that the size of the federal debt will rise from 33 percent of gross domestic product to 49 percent.
He taught Bhutanese children how to take pictures with professional cameras and explained the technology to them.
Pasta dishes endure, as do those with chicken and veal.
''This is a 21st-century model of learning,'' she says.
But Pettitte is not the reason the Yankees lost this game and suddenly gave themselves a lot of time to catch a movie or grab dinner tonight.
WHEN Sam Kareem started the Web site Iraq.net as a hobby in 1995, he could not have known that his efforts would lead to meetings with the president, the secretary of state and the national security adviser.
Grandmother of Jason, Marcus, Josh and Teddi.
''At the end of the day, this president is talking through a framework that is his,'' said James B. Steinberg, who was President Clinton's deputy national security adviser and is now at the Brookings Institution.
It would be a welcome break from his paternal duties, his first in months.
The two-watt Motorola offers uniformly richer, cleaner sound at distances greater than most of its three-watt rivals, but it's by far the most expensive.
''People are very upset being without electricity,'' said Thaier Aldami, a store owner.
The withdrawal came after statements earlier in the week from another possible bidder, Bertelsmann, indicating that it was wary of new acquisitions.
''Artful idealized evocations of gritty 'authenticity,' they have made the blues into a theme-park ride -- a situation that feels a little dangerous but doesn't really take you anywhere,'' he writes.
''We didn't threaten soldiers,'' Mr. Naamati said in the only interview he gave from his hospital bed, to the army radio.
Though not officially so, the regatta is considered the world championships of rowing, and the Peabody Cup thus gives the Holy Spirit Panthers bragging rights as the best high school eight-person rowing team in the world.
A federal court in Idaho also threw out the roadless rule, but that decision was overturned in December by the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, in San Francisco.
He eventually landed in Jordan, where he joined the Fatah movement, and then returned to the West Bank, his home at the time of the bombing.
Who knew dancers could sing?
He graduated from Providence College in Rhode Island.
Tatum O'Neal wore deep red satin with a plunging décolleté.
The basic idea is to eliminate from extra scrutiny the large majority of fliers who are clearly solid citizens with known addresses and backgrounds.
Mr. Cheung's lawyer, Harry Fong, said his client took a calculated risk in agreeing to allow the dig at all.
''But I would not be able to say he was as loved as Sisulu was.
Mr. Jones had been a consultant and before that worked at agencies including Bozell and Hill, Holliday, Connors, Cosmopulos, units of the Interpublic Group of Companies.
''The complexity of it, the decisions about who contributes and how much.''
''I just disagree with the secretary general's legal view because there are fundamental Security Council resolutions that underlie this,'' said Ruth Wedgewood, professor of international law at Johns Hopkins University.
For one thing, it was literally a script tossed in a drawer and forgotten, neither published nor performed until the 1960's.
she bellowed to a laggard pedestrian.
Lifestyle Advantage will also continue to use print, radio and TV to advertise its retreats this year in eight states, from California to Pennsylvania.
As far as his family goes, it is his 8-year-old daughter, Katrina, whom he worries about.
Massie's concluding chapters can be read as the story of how that traditional view was discarded in favor of a more brutal -- and more modern -- perspective.
To solve the problem, Eastwoods will build a water tower to supply neighboring homes and supplement the groundwater.
Hours and admission: See above (Kimmelman).
He is a son of Jeanne Harrison of Ann Arbor, Mich., and Richard Van Harrison, also of Ann Arbor, and a stepson of Paul Hysen.
I'm not marrying Martha Stewart.
The film, which opens in New York on March 7 and nationally through March and April, tells the story of a Jewish lawyer and his family who flee Nazi Germany for Kenya in 1938 and find themselves tenant farmers on a sun-parched African plain.
So far this December, the Dow is up 6.8 percent, the S.&P.
SNOWBOARDERS are also feeling the pinch in their bootstraps.
So much for instant inspiration.
Despite their desultory appearance, these passages are purposeful -- each amplifies the song/chapter of its title by providing additional exposition and background, with snatches of the present action that don't occur at all in the songs as they are sung.
At that point, the future of imported wine will depend on an evolution in customs.
A second volunteer, Mrs. Faraday, knows Neville had been clandestinely carrying on with her daughter-in-law.
Then one day he gave up the ghost.
Since the change, local police departments have been making immigration arrests when a routine check of the database confirms that someone is named as a violator.
And students who could afford private tutoring at $50 to $75 an hour had an advantage over those who could not.
Conservative Episcopalians and Anglicans have threatened a schism if the convention votes in favor of those measures.
Under the ruling, Judge Andrew J. Smithson permitted the takeover and economic recovery plan to continue.
Ms. Schoenberger, 23, will take her husband's name.
In today's market, Mr. Schrager's costly pleasure dome is a white elephant.
.4:27:44 14643 Novellas, N, 35M .
Select the Advanced tab, and in the ''Sending'' section of the box, uncheck the box next to the ''Break apart messages'' option.
Each pair then chooses two articles on two different subjects or events (one for each student).
But now, after Democrats introduced a bill to offer union concessions and bring back laid-off state workers, the whole thing runs the risk of falling apart with a bang.
He refused to be beaten down by the melancholy that defined his existence, and this is most accurately reflected in the movie when Harvey meets his romantic match, Joyce Brabner, played with a tart, intriguing directness by Hope Davis that's equal parts Emma Goldman and Olive Oyl -- that is, the Olive Oyl of the comics, not the screaming helpless No.
In fact, when the museum opened in the 1960's, Mr. Aldrich permitted smoking in the building, even in the library.
Capital punishment experts say the case displayed a complex problem in many death penalty cases nationally.
Also in a stringy vein is Cardassian expansion, named after the villainous race on ''Star Trek,'' and dreamed up by Dr. Katherine Freese and Dr. Matthew Lewis of the University of Michigan.
There are some people who have never been in love.
''We have concerns about Syria,'' Mr. Powell said.
And only one of that year's first editions has gone on, over the next three and a half centuries, to be reprinted again and again and to find new readers every year.
This week's schedule of Treasury auctions includes the sale of new three- and six-month bills today and a four-week bill tomorrow.
The ready availability of recipes for disaster on the Internet made Dr. Gomory almost certain that an attack would take place.
We need that capital because of the huge current account deficit this country is running.
The program would bring back and retrain midlevel officers from the old army to run boot camps for recruits.
Mr. Kavanaugh, 38, would be one of the youngest federal judges and has no judicial experience.
I think Kenyon obviously understands that.''
The decisions mean that no federal or state-owned park in the hunting zone is closed to hunters.
The actual age of the ice is a matter of dispute.
It certainly didn't come from us: we don't keep that information.''
''Somalis like to talk and talk and talk, even when they don't know what they're talking about.''
Shane Mosley wanted to negotiate a rematch with Oscar De La Hoya with his fists.
Arson is suspected in several of the blazes.
Troy bought the .22-caliber semiautomatic rifle used in the killings, hid it under a coat, slipped into the church on March 12, 2002, and fired six times toward the altar, but the prosecution never suggested why.
As a result, no matter which suitor Vivendi selects -- NBC, or a consortium led by Edgar Bronfman Jr. -- a final deal could still take weeks to complete.
More conventional-minded theatergoers can take comfort in Mr. Yeston's sumptuous score and scintillating abbreviated star turns from Jane Krakowski and Chita Rivera.
The Mets made five errors in a game for the second time this season, including two by left fielder Cliff Floyd in the first inning.
To the Editor: As someone who, at a cookout with 20 other people, is the one mosquitoes love best, I was delighted to read ''A Sound to Silence Mosquitoes'' (Responsible Party, July 13), about a device that uses sound waves to kill mosquito larvae.
The diocese said he had been removed from priestly duties before, in 1986, after an abuse allegation, given treatment and returned to the ministry under supervision.
''But that could change if the war changes and there's wall-to-wall coverage'' again, she added, referring to reporting that runs ad-free.
His leadership, wisdom and generosity of spirit will always be remembered.
Mr. Zemaitis's design auctions at Phillips, de Pury & Luxembourg in New York, from December 2000 to June 2003, brought wide notice in fashionable spheres, with their club-opening-style parties and sleek catalogs.
The organization is also host of open microphone poetry readings, produces a cable television show seen on Jersey City Comcast and Manhattan Neighborhood Network, and publishes literary collections.
This will be their first season in more than two decades without defenseman Ken Daneyko, and team president and General Manager Lou Lamoriello curiously chose to sign the oldest player in the league, center Igor Larionov, who is 42, while allowing Joe Nieuwendyk, 37, to sign with Toronto.
The space has been ingeniously designed to accommodate four at an openkitchen counter, with additional seating for 21 along a banquette and at several tables.
Alex, however, finds herself inexorably drawn to the party swirling around her.
Strahan sacked McNabb hard twice, forcing one fumble.
The tribe had posted a $3 million bond to cover any damages but the judge has now increased that amount to $13 million pending his decision on awarding the additional damages.
Cardinal Ratzinger, who is German, has been the author of many of the most conservative texts to come out of the Vatican under John Paul, including the recent denunciation of legislation that grants entitlements and protections to same-sex couples.
In practice, the law school's program bears little or no relation to its asserted goal of achieving ''critical mass.''
Services Sunday 12 noon ''Parkside Chapel'', Queens Boulevard at 66th Ave. Forest Hills, NY.
A man arrested in the deaths of his wife and unborn child was carrying $10,000 and driving about 30 miles from the Mexico border, a law enforcement official said today.
's senior vice president of operations.
The company made the announcement to give advance notice to health care providers, patients, insurers and government agencies.
The question is, for how long?
But it's not like he's ready to go 60 minutes for however many weeks.''
At the time Mr. Arnault had grand plans to become a player in the art world, which included opening a museum in Paris, and was a controlling shareholder in Phillips.
For Sarah, refuge lies behind the massive gates of her family's estate.
''I thought, what a sweet kid,'' she said.
Mr. Bradley also advises the Open Russia Foundation, a Russian philanthropy based in Britain that is bankrolled by Mr. Khodorkovsky.
But that account could not be true, she said, pointing out that Mr. Santos was able to sift through his victims' apartments for their valuables and maintain his balance on fire escapes.
Father of Edith Ross Parker and Caleb Ross of CA.
You have to satisfy the urge to carouse elsewhere, in nearby Bridgehampton, Sag Harbor, Southampton or East Hampton.
2) and Schubert's Trio in B flat (Op.
Al Qaeda plots to attack us.
(413) 664-4481. www.massmoca.org 2004 'CHAKAIA BOOKER: JERSEY RIDE' -- Ms. Booker, who is from New Jersey, is known for massive, abstract sculptures made from cut-up tires.
Dinner for two with wine, $50.
A Manhattan grand jury declined to indict a police officer yesterday after finding that he was justified in fatally shooting a burglary suspect last year.
(Did I just hear T. Coraghessan Boyle cackling?)
A9 NEW YORK/REGION A13-14 Mayor Shows by Example That Life Must Go On Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, who generally prefers a low profile, has made a point over the last few days of constantly being in the public eye, apparently in an attempt to set an example of how he thinks New Yorkers should be going about their routines.
Other government officials said it was Taiwan.
Opera purists should know that this production is no slice of wiseguy revisionism.
The effort began in 1942, when, in an essay called ''A Note on Science and Democracy,'' Mr. Merton referred to a remark by Isaac Newton: ''If I have seen farther, it is by standing on the shoulders of giants.''
As the conversation lopes along, Mirza breezily offers her sometimes callow worldview, which is cobbled together from spirituality and loose gossip.
15 59 *STUPID WHITE MEN, by Michael Moore.
If being offline for even a few hours is more than you can bear, you can now surf while flying.
Dinner for two with a drink is about $60.
For those attending a concert, it is rare to know much about the musicians beyond the music they make together.
Pushing gently against an academy that studies the pastness of the past and the myriad biographical, historical or nationalistic ways we presume to construct it, Buell emphasizes ''the power of the insights of the here and now,'' which, he declares, can ''trump the formulations of the past.''
Dr. F. Xavier Pi-Sunyer, the director of the Obesity Research Center at St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital in New York, said that it made sense to think in terms of small, attainable steps.
Though it is true that the number of dealers -- and thus sales from the factory floor -- has increased, he said, dealers are not necessarily able to sell the bikes briskly to customers.
One of Newark's unusual strengths came into play with the former Krementz jewelry plant, they noted: wiring.
It's like a mother who embraces all her children with the same indiscriminate, uncomprehending love.
Now Let Us Return to Warmth (and to the Front Page, Please) WHAT'S new for the home?
If the pitcher tightens up, a subsequent mistake could be the difference in a game.
That is because roofs need to be dry for workers to climb up there, said Bill Gunn, the project manager at Five Boro Roofing in the Bronx.
''There's a time to study, but not then,'' she said.
.4:29:54 15316 Murillo, J, 38M .
It is so typical of our times to have busy ''mommies'' who expect dogs to be fur-covered humans.
But they could also have been generated by a computer.
And you can only find out later if they have the addictive enzyme.
''I chose freedom, with risks, over safety.''
HART, John D., 20, Pfc., Army; Bedford, Mass.
Nonetheless, he said, at the request of the Fish and Wildlife Service, the landfill was capped and compacted with extra soil so birds would not be harmed if they burrowed into it.
In the 1960's he transformed rhythm and blues into soul and was later credited with developing funk.
Although many museum visitors say they have decades-old memories of the current dining room, it seems to inspire little reverence.
For some crazy notion, I thought he might stay two years.
It is all too easy to kick the classical record industry when it's down, as it has been for several years.
He said he would raise money and make investments in orthopedic companies.
Using a radar laboratory at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, technicians who measured the radar cross-sections of shuttle components had originally narrowed the list from 26 parts to one, a T-seal.
Jesse Benton admitted that the paintings still frightened her.
''Developers lose completely here,'' said Rebecca Devine, a third-generation Bridgewater native.
Died July 13 at the age of 74 at his home in Sands Point.
And that was before the big increase in Pentagon contracting.
A quarter of the Iraqi children are not in school at all.
While not directly criticizing the Bush administration for antiterrorism policies that have been widely condemned by civil liberties advocates, the panel said the federal government needed to ''make special precautions, take extra steps, to ensure that we do not cross the line'' in the name of defeating terrorism.
Advised to settle, Mr. Uris chose to fight the suit.
Although the Chinese government does not give outright subsidies to native companies to encourage overseas expansion, it has arranged for state-run banks to offer them low-interest loans.
But the report card issued today, based on information provided by 103 governments, shows that the action ''is still far short of what is needed,'' Mr. Annan said.
When his father, Sammy Sosa, joined him on the field, the fans began chanting Sosa's name.
He emphasized that the amount being paid was determined by employment agreements entered into in 1995 and 1999, and ''stressed the need for a discussion of Mr. Grasso's further compensation, which still requires a firm decision.''
She attempted to alter reality, but she never ran away from it.
The reporters, he said, ''have been very user friendly.
The sisters' father, Rocco, a tailor, came here in 1925 from Potenza, in southern Italy.
Sometimes it seems as though all of Manhattan is one large conch shell pressed to her ear; she hears the ocean beckoning, feels her inner mermaid stirring.
As Jade's temporary custodian, she is a mostly absent mother, but she has an efficient and disapproving child-care worker, for whom she leaves Jade's ''alarmingly hefty and puffy'' diapers.
Hundreds of thousands of elderly people in my state have been waiting in expectation of something right around the corner for the last six years.''
Health regulators say the stores, which often operate without regulatory oversight or even licensed pharmacists, are a danger to public health, and they have begun a crackdown.
''I just can't believe the smoothness of it.
But Marc Karp, another Oceanside resident, came to the protest to dissent, calling the gathering a political ploy.
''It was informal, without protocol,'' Mr. Corrales said.
The police prepared for the demonstration by moving metal barriers on First and Second Avenues -- barriers that they will use to keep people in place as the crowd builds.
It was last accomplished by Jarrell Evans of Mississippi and Rodney Dent of Kentucky, both in 1994.
With such a large group, there is a temptation to assume someone else will ask the important questions.
''But over time, as it got more extensive, schools adopted it as their own.''
He was a graduate of Texas Christian University and a popular disc jockey in Texas when he decided to expand his career in Hollywood, his agent said.
If AOL found a way to charge for its popular instant messaging or achieved even a small reduction in customer turnover, the economic impact could be significant.
It's strange walking into a room and the whole conversation changes.
Today Mr. Blair reported no progress in getting the I.R.A.
There was no chance for either of us to say goodbye or ''I love you.''
MOORE--Joan (nee Buckley) of Rockville Centre, NY, on June 7, 2003.
Officials of American Ref-Fuel, which operates the incinerator in East Garden City, have proposed a a similar incinerator on the site of the former Shoreham nuclear plant.
Some analysts said they expected the company to ask for more time to complete a thorough investigation.
''In other races, like the Vuelta a España, I'm the leader, but it's different at the Tour de France.
Since the Arab birthrate is far higher than the Jewish (by a ratio of more than two to one), there will be an Arab majority in at most 20 years.
By the middle of the month, Mary Janocha, the mother of a kindergartner at Northeast Elementary School in North Stamford, was somewhere between focused and frantic.
(''That's from this morning,'' said Ms. Jerimie, who commutes each day between Rockland County and Kingsbridge.
And later this week he is scheduled to be in Spain at the San Sebastian International Film Festival, where a Winterbottom retrospective will include the first film he ever directed, a television documentary about Ingmar Bergman.
With prodding from Leiter and Franco, Cone solved both issues for himself and decided it was worth spending six weeks or more to see if he could produce.
''The real problem is whether firms would relocate all or part of their production process outside of the U.S.,'' he said.
''The Mujahedeen has a good appearance to the outside world, but anyone who has lived among them knows how rotten and dirty they are,'' he said.
Last week, American intelligence officials said that North Korea had restarted a reactor at its primary nuclear complex.
The shipper said extreme winter weather, escalating fuel costs and increased corporate costs raised its expenses.
The response has not been made public, but Mr. Fallick said he received a copy yesterday.
''We're all fuelers for Chinook helicopters,'' Staff Sgt.
And now players are snarling at one another, Michael Peca, the team captain, said.
The cause was complications of cancer, the newspaper said.
Coach Don Chaney talked optimistically about Van Horn's offensive potential, dismissing his deficiencies on defense, where Van Horn will have to guard small forwards.
Cahill's book points the way to an answer.
Speaking of his district, whose population has dwindled to 37,000 residents, he said, ''Now I can't find any workers.''
If the appeal fails, N.F.L.
Through extensive marketing, Ford sold an image: if you wore Gucci, you were embracing a world of sexy jet-set coolness.
a Norwegian choreographer explores myths of a consumerist utopia.
''We were hoping it wouldn't be this long in the first place.
Kim Johnson, superviser of the walled garden, explained the scene as she dipped sprigs of gold-tipped incense cedar into glue before attaching them to a board covered in blue noble fir tips.
''I consider her to be a political person who gets her value added from deception and invective,'' he said, noting that he is writing a book that will do some deconstruction on Ms. Coulter and fellow conservatives called ''Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right.''
''Everyone is getting themselves into position,'' Mr. Beugré said.
Iran's foreign minister, Kamal Kharrazi, said that Iranian officials intended to demonstrate their will to cooperate in their meetings with Dr. ElBaradei but that they hoped ''there will be answers for the concerns of both sides.''
The commissions, which would consist of physicians and patients, would strive to compensate the injured patients according to guidelines established to ensure that reimbursements were uniform.
President Bill Clinton and Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton may even be called to duty before the end of the week.
A child actor, he was a regular on the Jack Benny radio show and played Eddie Haskell in the pilot of ''Leave it to Beaver.''
In recent years, most Israeli investors have been pouring money into technology companies, leaving a lack of capital for areas like construction, state officials said.
It is the third of seven contracts Pemex is farming out to private companies to increase production of natural gas in the Burgos Basin as Mexico seeks to reduce its dependence on imports from the United States.
Chase the pizza with a drink at César right across the street (1515 Shattuck Avenue, 510-883-0222), a popular hangout with sidewalk tables.
Mr. de Albuquerque said he realized that the center was not for everyone who had been abused.
RECOMMENDED DISHES -- Foie gras with lavender-poached white peach; beef ''toro'' tagine; monkfish with piperade and tapenade; scallops with bacon and onions; sweetbreads with bacon; rack of lamb with lamb shank moussaka; cranberry bread pudding; chocolate coconut tart.
The flagging support for the strike has made the search for a solution more urgent for the opposition, which has been using the walkout to press the government at the negotiating table.
Explained in six exhibition cases are the two waves of Arab migration to this country, first in the early 20th century from rural areas of present-day Syria, Lebanon, Jordan, Palestine and Israel; then beginning around 1965 from Syria, Lebanon, Egypt, Yemen and Jordan.
His father is the Eastern regional manager for Prudential Lighting in Duxbury.
The critics were given new ammunition last month in the uproar over the Regents' ''math A'' test given in high schools.
I don't know if it was because of the way he treated people or the way he looked.''
Fair enough -- in two of the four previous initial pools, bettors were correct, as Charismatic in 1999 and War Emblem last year were not yet on the radar.
He could be almost anywhere, but the hunch among the few Iraqis who talk about it is that he would be unlikely to isolate himself from the capital now, especially with American troops only 50 miles away to the south, and about 100 miles away to the west.
Sprinkle with walnuts and lay 4 arugula leaves across filling.
''The president's budget may provide the resources to test our children, but not enough to teach them,'' Mr. Kennedy said.
Her younger brother, Jesse (Ryan Wilson), is an impulsive adventurer who in an early scene is nearly run down by traffic while dashing to school.
Dance in America 'Born to Be Wild' PBS, tomorrow, check local listings.
''Why is it that one day Maurice Clarett is not able to play in the N.F.L.
Intar 53, 508 West 53rd Street.
Wonderful and magical Poppy to Morgan Alexa and Kendall Brooke.
said 700,000 people signed up on Thursday, a number she said was a big bump over recent weeks.
She traces Iraqi cookery back to the dawn of recorded history and the civilization that sprang up about 6000 B.C.
The president's plan also came up with a way for shareholders of profitable tax-paying companies to get a break even if the companies decide to distribute little or no cash in dividend payments.
They threatened the soldiers, saying, ''If you run, this is the execution squad.''
But two years after a restructuring, a chastened Future is poised for another growth spurt in the United States, this time with a twist.
''We've had a number of guys come from Alaska who were bush pilots, but when they get tossed in New York City, they get frazzled,'' said Eric Atkins, a pilot with Shoreline.
He produced those albums, and was widely praised for rescuing obscure songs and for persuading artists to record songs that were thought to be at odds with their usual styles or public images.
I don't want to leave things unsaid.
''But they chose not to.
When the subject turned to killing, I asked how many had seen an actual human being killed.
A blanket exemption would be easier and quicker, and the administration is using the climate of war and the ideological fantasies of conservative members of Congress to get it.
The result is ''a transformative work of art.''
In becoming a member at Tawiskarou, I agreed to abide by each and every rule.
The empire also encouraged its perhaps two dozen ethnic and national groups to maintain their separate identities.
It was, Mr. Singer writes, quoting a relative, ''a wonderful marriage.''
Visitors wanting to see the fire's impact up close need only drive the Rim of the World Highway toward Lake Arrowhead.
McGinnis said he did not envision Smith's presence retarding the growth of Marcel Shipp, who averaged 4 yards a carry with 188 rushes and 834 yards during his rookie year.
(It is the irreversible cessation of respiratory function and all functions of the brain stem, including reflexes.)
''Before, it was only rich women getting pedicures,'' explained Ms. Lata, who opened her shop on the Upper East Side 12 years ago.
''It makes them look like they were getting more proficient.''
Five years ago, however, his daughter, then 10, came to live with him full time, and the summer rentals stopped.
Raymond Shoemaker, a town justice in Wallkill, N.Y., will perform the ceremony at Sunnyside, the historic home of Washington Irving in Tarrytown, N.Y. Mrs. Lake, 31, is to become a law clerk in September for Judge Alvin K. Hellerstein of the Federal District Court in New York.
Services Friday 11:15AM, The Riverside, 76th St & Amsterdam Ave.
Those offenses include simple assault on a student, possession or sale of a weapon other than a firearm, gang fights, robbery or extortion, sex offenses, terroristic threats, arson and the sale of drugs.
Just before the trip began early this month Ms. Wiggin put the final touches on her presentation.
The son of a truck driver and a barmaid, Mr. Meadows grew up in the central England town of Uttoxeter.
''Ultimately, having a reality-laden network is not a great business,'' Susan Lyne, the president of ABC Entertainment, said in a news conference preceding ABC's presentation to advertisers.
''We have one map,'' Ms. Jacobs said, ''and we have 10 votes to pass it.''
But Kazin was an eager outsider -- an alien who was anything but alienated.
''They told us in training that this is a dangerous job,'' she said.
Holed up with his willowy Spanish girlfriend, Paloma (Arly Jover), in his father's mid-century mansion in the Hollywood Hills, Charlie awakes amid a litter of cigarette butts and empty liquor bottles, stirs up a pitcher of martinis and starts behaving abusively.
Instead, they have been content to make a superficial biography of a provocative but largely unknown man named Daniel Ellsberg and opted, for obvious commercial reasons, to mistitle it ''The Pentagon Papers.''
The developments are an important step in tackling the epidemic of obesity among our youth.
In a ruling issued Tuesday in Brooklyn, Judge John Gleeson of United States District Court rejected defense arguments that Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and other plaintiffs failed to produce evidence that Visa and MasterCard conspired to monopolize the lucrative debit card market.
Unfortunately, I can't seem to make this lifestyle work, and my problem is semantic.
Here in Washington, the budget crisis has also made the changes possible, said David Boerner, a former prosecutor who is now chairman of the Washington Sentencing Guidelines Commission.
He had just obtained a bachelor of science degree in occupational safety and health.
Tonight through Sunday night at 8 and 10:30; cover charge is $45, with a $5 minimum (Ratliff).
The House of Bishops, which includes more than 100 leaders in each diocese, is expected to take up the matter on Monday.
CAN a white leghorn hen be truly happy?
''You can't go through anything, whether it's a campaign or a day, where you'd say, 'I wouldn't change a thing.'
''There is some level of coordination that's taken place at very high levels, although I'm not so sure I'd say that there's a national-level resistance leadership,'' he said.
The discovery of the double helix is also only one of many discoveries needed to harness DNA.
Dr. Castro said she did not sleep for two nights.
''He told me he was just a mechanic in the Army -- no way would he be near the front lines,'' his grandfather said.
WITHOUT exception every large American city offers insights, sometimes painful, into the challenges of building, stocking and perpetuating art museums.
Still, Brian McGuire, Tennessee legislative director for AARP, the organization representing retirees, said frustration with both parties was at ''a breaking point.''
Day-to-day confrontations are playing out much as before the peace effort, known as the road map, was begun in June.
Some Democrats point out there are few officials who would want the job.
The camp, he said, seemed to erase his years as a city lawyer and take him back to his first job as a teacher.
Pick one of the following examples (or one of your choosing) of technology’s successful imitation of an aspect of nature.
At least one company, AIG eBusiness Risk Solutions, indeed provides them, under certain conditions.
She says he asked her out several times during that semester, but that she never took him seriously until after she broke up with her boyfriend at the time.
At the same time, the weak economy is forcing companies to cut back, inevitably laying off some pregnant women or women on maternity leave when they let groups of employees go, legal experts said.
He acknowledged that the military's information on members was not extensive and that mistakes had been made in restoring some senior party officials to power.
Not after a morning thundershower.
Reading in English, she criticized the Roman Catholic Church and its leaders, with Italian newspapers quoting her as saying there was ''no acceptable reason for defending the church.''
There is talk now in diplomatic circles of ''smart sanctions,'' ''targeted sanctions'' and carefully balanced combinations of sanctions for noncompliance and rewards for compliance.
In addition, 13 of the state's general aviation airports, including the biggest one, Teterboro, are considered ''reliever'' airports, which serve smaller craft that otherwise might tie up the larger commercial airports, said Jim Peters, a spokesman for the F.A.A.
protocol, which will allow the extension of the provision of the I.A.E.A.
The company has said it needs more flexibility in laying off and transferring workers.
*JOHNSON IV, Robert Wood, New York; Johnson Company; co-owner, New York Jets.
That allowed them to observe variations in temperature and other properties extending over several miles, potentially allowing them to identify interesting regions to focus on.
So far, Israel has removed 20 of them.
''I want to come back before we play them again at home,'' Mutombo said of the March 31 matchup at Continental Arena.
''And though we should have, we didn't.''
IN the final chapter of his book ''A Tale of Two Utopias'' (1996), Paul Berman laid out the rival historical claims of Francis Fukuyama and André Glucksmann, big thinkers with very different notions of what the cold war's end would bring.
Skip the frozen French fries and the generic coleslaw.
''My accountant tells me I'm not in a position to do that,'' Texas A&M Coach Melvin Watkins said.
A working vineyard will be created as a satellite operation of a Cutchogue vineyard on approximately four acres at the entrance to the club, according to Bruce Barnet, a principal.
Placed OL-DL Hardy Mitchell on injured reserve.
Enron emerges as a company that valued, almost above anything else, the ability to bury bad news.
The Farrelly formula established by ''Dumb and Dumber'' proved extraordinarily popular -- so popular, in fact, that the brothers themselves now seem to be bored with it.
The anger that fed the recall of Mr. Davis seems to have abated, at least for the time being, said Mark Baldassare, director of research at the Public Policy Institute of California.
A1 NEW YORK/REGION B1-10 Child's Death Highlights Failure to Reform System In Feb. 1998, an expert panel appointed by New Jersey's governor turned in a report with scores of specific recommendations for how the state could do a better job of protecting its most vulnerable children.
''Since the witness was critical to the government's case at trial, the process is of extreme importance,'' a defense lawyer, Joshua L. Dratel, wrote.
While natural selection drives biological change, the evolution of car fish seems to have been driven by ideological one-upsmanship at first, and then by market forces and irrepressible silliness.
Not that anything was asked of, offered to or taken away from them.
''I'm more comfortable than my last outing,'' Kim said through an interpreter.
She ruffed another spade, cashed the diamond queen and led the diamond 10.
There she greeted her new chestnut mare, Lytizia, 8 years old.
By the time Williams hit a fly ball to center fielder Johnny Damon, the Yankees were three runs behind.
As recently as 14 months ago it was difficult to find the site's booking engine, while even two weeks ago you could not find photos of a cruise ship's cabins, dining areas or pools.
''What I write is pure entertainment,'' he said wryly.
Laurence Fishburne returns as Morpheus, Hugo Weaving as Agent Smith and Carrie-Anne Moss as Trinity.
Stephen Gillers, a professor at New York University's law school, said Ms.
2 1 WITHOUT PITY, by Ann Rule.
Funeral Mass Wednesday Resurrection Ascension Church, 9:45AM.
But a few moments later Mr. Abraham acknowledged that one purpose of the report was to ''indicate if standards that currently exist have been followed, or if the problems were exclusively of a sort that current standards didn't address.''
''You put me on with those [expletive] liberal sons of bitches.
The strip was all commercial, an urban canyon of skyscrapers and office buildings, busy by day, a little gritty by night.
The shows that get the nominations, for every network, are usually the best shows on television.''
A statement released this afternoon by the Turkish military acknowledged news reports of troop movements into Iraq and said: ''The reports are not true.''
''First thing you've got to do is look up,'' said Officer Adam Torres, 22, as he walked toward a Vanderveer building on Brooklyn Avenue.
At least two other cars were also hit, killing two more people, the men said.
TOWARD the end of ''The Romantic,'' our narrator, Louise Kirk, goes on a date with a fellow whose Toronto apartment building is host to a model train club.
Many travel agencies around the country say there is a clear and probably unsurprising trend among Americans considering a trip overseas this year: they want a destination that is as far removed from war and terrorism as they can get.
If you enter the names of people you want to stay in touch with, MagicMinder will randomly but regularly send you e-mail reminders (''How about touching base with Rachel?'').
Dr. Ricaurte released a study saying it caused brain damage; that was immediately disputed by an Environmental Protection Agency study that found it did no permanent harm.
''Maybe she'll wear the white dress and have her father walk her down the aisle.
I hope they don't continue to block his agenda.''
Instead, agreements would confine forces on both sides to clearly defined zones.
USA Today first reported Froemming's suspension and the remark yesterday.
's, They're Just Like Us HOWARD STERN, to a friend after ordering three white wines at the bar at the Nick & Toni's party: ''Do I have to pay for the drinks here?
Downtown, Chez Foushee, 203 North Foushee Street, (804) 648-3225, has an ornate Spanish roof, but a contemporary interior that seems almost exotic in this city.
After selling his family's possessions and squaring his debts, Mr. Zawril had enough money to move to New York City.
''We believed the Americans, when they said they were not going to attack civilians,'' he said.
We will have hundreds of wireless hot spots throughout Europe -- and it's going to be thousands throughout the world -- which means that whenever you want, you're going to be able to connect to the Internet and see your mail, send mail, whatever you want to do in terms of communications.
There, Spencer Tracy and Bob Hope once worshiped, and Joan Crawford married Douglas Fairbanks Jr. Rudolph Valentino was borne into St. Malachy's for his funeral in 1926, which attracted thousands to the church and procession route.
''I knew we had talent on this team and I knew the kind of kids we have, so I thought 8, 9, 10, 11 or 12 wins was realistic.''
The decline at the company's financial services unit, GE Capital, has been even sharper.
Ljubicic said he was surprised by Fish's ''soft play from the baseline.''
''If we had Champagne like it was 20 or 25 years ago, nobody would understand what it was,'' he said.
Both are runners, and turned up in the same race -- the Marine Corps Marathon -- a few years ago.
Mr. Basso leaned closer, as if to reveal a secret.
Senator Bob Graham, a moderate Democrat with a long streak of victories, announced on Monday that he would not seek a fourth term in the United States Senate, adding a new hurdle for Democrats trying to recapture the Senate next year.
Nothing at all is wrong in the world of mezzos, and Lorraine Hunt Lieberson, already something of a cult figure, seems to be coming into her own this season with important concert appearances.
It contains the main microprocessor and two co-processors for graphics, not just the graphics processors.
Mine lost all its leaves.''
Not even the high concept of transplanting Robert Louis Stevenson's beloved adventure story to outer space can generate much in the way of novelty or fun.
Do you find it easy to get good tables in bars and restaurants now?
The speech, which aroused intense interest in Israel, certainly seems to portend something new in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Gloria Furman, who has lived in the neighborhood for 42 years, exulted over the idea.
The decision last week by major domestic airlines to back away from strict policies on nonrefundable tickets was hailed yesterday by air fare experts as a significant victory for business travelers.
The vocoder became especially popular in Germany and remains a mainstay of modern electronica.
Amid surging use of the birth control pill, many priests say it fell on them to promulgate a teaching they could not agree with.
Mr. Griggs is an Essex County corrections officer who moonlighted at the Boys and Girls Club on Littleton Avenue.
It's all about pleasure and discretionary spending.
When a job opportunity came, it was from a former player inviting him to become a stockbroker.
''He should be ashamed of himself,'' said Edmund Stoiber, the conservative leader of Bavaria, shortly after the interview with Mr. Missfelder appeared.
An article on June 1 about concert-hall pipe organs misstated the year when Steven A. Dieck became president of the C. B. Fisk organ company.
By 55 percent to 40 percent, Americans said the administration was reacting to events as they occurred abroad rather than having a clear foreign policy plan.
Unable to see the city but able to hear its church bells, the Tatars scatter in horror.
''It never ceases to amaze me that people are so cynical they want to tie money to issues, money to bills, money to amendments,'' says Mr. DeLay.
Four or five Black Hawks are in fixed positions a couple of miles away in south Mogadishu.
He attended Poly Prep Country Day School Class of 1933, Brown University Class of 1937, and Cornell Medical School.
''They opened up huge holes that allowed me just to do what I do.''
''It is one thing to know that I'll have to lead 30 soldiers who don't like me because I am a snot-nosed kid from West Point,'' Cadet Tobin said.
The most critical locations seem to be the 1191 wing spar region, the main landing gear door seal, and the RCC [reinforced carbon carbon] panels.
Others packed up and moved to the Mogul courts of India.
For whole stretches the piano takes off on pugnacious and playful solo exploits, and Mr. Aimard -- his arms blurring as he tossed off the double-octave outbursts, his nimble fingers dancing on the keys as he unraveled the intricate counterpoint -- conveyed all the music's freshness, wit and ingenuity.
Mr. Levy spent 15 years as a Suffolk legislator and three as a state assemblyman, but county executive is his first large-scale role as leader and director.
Do you know of books or other information on this subject?
Around the same time Frank also began telling Dutch police that the arresting officer under investigation had just followed orders and hadn't mistreated the Franks or the other Jews -- even though he and his men robbed the annex immediately after the arrest.
''The theatrical tradition in Britain is longer than it is in America, and most American actors worth their salt want to come here and prove themselves and face the challenge that the British stage offers.''
''She is one of my favorite people,'' said Senator Corzine, who rejected the idea that their friendship stemmed from her contributions.
The objections are only the latest hurdle faced by advocates of the legislation, whose passage took on a sense of urgency in July after a state appeals court overturned a lead abatement law the Council had adopted in 1999.
''They represent a whole new generation's way of thinking about architecture and public space,'' Mr. Kennon said.
Under conditions like those in the forecasts, a soldier can sweat a pint an hour, and troops are told to drink a quart of water every hour or so.
Although advertising revenue tripled to $1.5 million from 2001 to 2002, Mr. Gleason said, skyrocketing production and mailing costs meant that survival was even more difficult for the large-circulation Book than it had been when the magazine had fewer readers.
A progression of large, handsome serving vessels, brimming with an incredible diversity of marine and terrestrial herbs and vegetables, grains, seeds, nuts and fruits, appeared at our table.
He has done series of streets, jungles, museums, portraits and church facades.
Wall Street Journal readers, moved by the continuing ordeal of the Amiraults, contributed large sums to their defense and, eventually, Violet and Cheryl Amirault were released.
It matters what other people think.''
Low-income people without any insurance for prescription drugs are expected to gain most from the new benefit.
Directors of Statoil, Norway's state-controlled oil company, were weighing the fate last night of the company's chief executive, Olav Fjell, after revelations about a $15.5 million consulting contract said to involve the son of the former president of Iran, Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani.
When reached on Tuesday, the sports sociologist Jay Coakley asked, ''If the N.C.A.A.
Mr. Blair's confrontation with the BBC over its coverage of the war in particular appears to have made his political future even more uncertain.
Her mother, a retired psychologist, had a private practice until recently in Atlanta.
*We should phase out socialist agricultural policies in Europe and America.
In one season and one N.C.A.A.
Silk is savvy enough to know that comparisons to Hitler can backfire, she can't help pointing out that she and many others in the forefront of the smoking movement are Jewish.
And while veterans groups and private contractors have tried to pick up the slack, there are not enough players to go around.
Instead, Dr. Groeneveld and his colleagues enrolled a smaller number of A.L.S.
More than a quarter-century after the war, the image is due for revision, and that is the basic idea behind this show, a lavishly illustrated anthropological field trip through Vietnam today.
A series of attacks on nongovernmental agencies culminated in the killing of an expatriate Red Cross worker in Kandahar last month, prompting most agencies to scale back their work in the most needy south and southeastern regions.
3 hitter, singled twice and was on base three times.
454, based in Branford, Conn., is one of several companies racing to improve gene sequencing.
Before 2003, the switch-hitting Mueller showed few signs that a batting championship was in his future.
Though her parents are Jewish, her upbringing in Port Washington, N.Y., was so devoutly secular, she said, that the family's Passover meal included neither religious ritual nor an explanation of the holiday.
They happen to be very flavorful with a nice crust from the wood grill.
I was talking to some friends of mine about how interesting it would be to design creatively in a way in which you were unrestrained by the conventions of engineering -- just pure design.
A separate murder investigation, an artist's sketch and a plea for speed in processing a DNA test brought the holiday arrest warrant for Mr. Lee, who was first identified on Monday.
He said his use of the slur may have come from his upbringing.
''), a rec center with video games and a stack of Monopoly sets, a Baskin-Robbins and a Subway sandwich shop.
Complicating the picture, South Korea, another major beef importer, has made requests similar to Japan's.
''There's enough fans here and there's a lot of Puerto Rican stars playing baseball.''
Do you know anything about the Democratic economic stimulus plan?
Plum Beach is the latest chapter in the decades-long saga of the city's lovers' lanes, where muggers, police crackdowns, wrecking balls and even a serial killer have conspired to foil young couples seeking a little privacy, and where those same couples, ever resilient (not to mention hormonal), have battled urban forces to create their own rendering of a small-town tradition.
In 1964 the animals became Sea Monkeys, because of their long tails.
The net loss was 7 cents a share, in contrast to a profit of $5.66 million, or 4 cents, a year earlier.
Many of his supporters were surprised to learn that he had spoken warmly of President Bush, had voted for Richard M. Nixon and Ronald Reagan, and had said he probably would have voted for the Congressional resolution authorizing the war in Iraq, a stance he later recanted.
Church, 9511 4th Avenue, Brooklyn.
Administration officials concede that the overall amount of greenhouse gas emissions is not likely to fall within the next decade.
Through the smart use of technology -- frequent online quizzes to make sure students are digesting material -- and by tapping successful upperclassmen to tutor struggling freshmen and sophomores, the pilot courses have raised passing rates and cut costs by more than a third.
We run personal ads now.
THE WILD BUNCH -- (Warner) Detail hazy, shadows too dark.
In advance of the European Union-Russia meeting this week, Yukos lawyers plan to release a summary of what they call the violations of Russian and international law by prosecutors in the Yukos investigation.
Beyond it is a sense of expansiveness as you are hit with waves of vivid fruit, eucalyptus, leather and even a little smoke.
''But she is a leading light of charity in the area, and you couldn't fulfill the obligations of the charity without giving to groups she works for.''
Taylor seems convinced that what she needs most is to play Capriati more often, thus acclimating herself to Capriati's pace and rhythm.
In addition to his wife and son, Mr. LeFrak is survived by three daughters, Denise LeFrak Calicchio, Francine LeFrak Friedberg and Jacqueline LeFrak Kosinski, five grandchildren and two great-grandchildren.
This problem was brought home for Hong Kong doctors when a top Hospital Authority administrator here, Dr. Fung Hong, was hospitalized in late March with the suspicion that he had SARS.
ROASTED CAULIFLOWER WITH LEMON, CAPERS AND OLIVES Adapted from Otto Time: 45 minutes 1 large head cauliflower, cut into florets the size of a small plum Kosher salt and ground black pepper About 2 cups best-quality olive oil, or as needed Grated zest of 2 lemons 3 cloves garlic, peeled and green germ removed 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves 2 tablespoons salt-cured capers, rinsed well and drained 1/4 cup pitted calamata olives Lemon olive oil or freshly squeezed lemon juice, for sprinkling.
But even under the old rules, which had been intended to help them, these companies have had a hard time competing, and most have failed.
Dick Butkus didn't win a championship, and John Elway was in five Super Bowls.
In the Muslim fashion, Qutb looked on the teachings of Judaism as being divinely revealed by God to Moses and the other prophets.
Hours: Tuesdays through Saturdays, 9 a.m. to 4:45 p.m.; Sundays, noon to 5 p.m.
Two people can sit in there and look down over the lake.
Snyder hollered, stomped his foot and pointed at an official, Kerry Sitton, still screaming after Sitton issued the technical.
It found that in lab samples the increases in melatonin could prompt white blood cells to release chemicals that cause inflammation.
The 1996 telecommunications act lifted ownership limits on the radio industry, which was then floundering financially from the proliferation of media.
LA FIESTA DEL CHIVO The Feast of the Goat By Mario Vargas Llosa; directed by Jorge Alí Triana; adapted by Verónica Triana and Mr. Triana.
10:30 p.m. 7)A Little Night Music More often than not, the seen-and-be-seen crowd in Madison can be found seated at the long, curved bar at Restaurant Magnus (120 East Wilson Street, 608-258-8787).
'' Indeed, some environmentalists say this is precisely their strategy.
''None of the kids are crazy about it,'' said Emma Bradford, 9, of Brattleboro, Vt. ''Some people say how stupid it is that they are coming out with Harry Potter toothbrushes and things like that.
A former American operative is lured out of retirement after a notorious terrorist kidnaps a philanthropic billionaire.
More immediately, of course, I will have had a good excuse to get out of the house and poke around.
A New York Times Poll last week found that more than half of New Yorkers -- 53 percent -- disapprove of the way Mr. Bloomberg is doing his job.
They noted that any active judge is entitled to call for a vote on rehearing by a larger panel, and that the court's own rules call for a briefing from the parties before the vote is taken.
Dipped in dark or milk chocolate, they cost $24 a pound.
.3:59:37 7605 Salm, A, 40M .
But like his countryman Andreas Gursky, whose 2001 retrospective at the Museum of Modern Art in New York was a popular smash, Mr. Struth also faces a degree of critical skepticism.
''What is the financial stability long-term of the franchise?
But the only way to guarantee this kind of electricity each season is to have a playoff.
The law requires the city to prove that it was unaware of any negligence that led to the crash, and several plaintiffs' lawyers said yesterday that they would argue in court that the city was indeed aware that its procedures were not being properly followed.
It would also give allied forces firm control of a ''Scud Box,'' or a region north of Basra that the Iraqis have used to launch surface-to-surface missiles at American forces and other targets in Kuwait.
At age 48, after nine years as an involved P.T.A.
''Everything we say is set on sand at this moment,'' said Kevin Brockman, senior vice president for entertainment communications at ABC, the network that is to broadcast the ceremonies.
Originally, the researchers mixed it into the O.L.E.D.
Basically, North Korea would do what it promised in a 1994 deal (but failed to do) if we would do what we pledged in 1994 (but also failed to do).
Cobra would have cost $214 a month, or more than one-fifth of the $1,028 in unemployment she gets a month.
Hours: Tuesdays through Sundays, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Fridays to 9 p.m.
His resignation would require Vatican approval.
But on Wednesday, Manning said he felt a twinge in his throwing arm and had to leave practice.
That figure converts to $21 billion.
But his political switching and diplomatic maneuvering are no laughing matter.
''You carried your bags across the grass to a Quonset hut.''
It was the threat of worsening deficits, rather than the supply-side principle itself, that was at issue last week when three Republicans joined Senate Democrats to halve the administration's proposal for a tax cut worth $726 billion in the next 10 years.
It lost the pimento like a college marriage and makes appearances in fancy food emporiums, hand-stuffed with chipotle peppers.
The Angels put men on base against Clemens in the third, fourth and fifth innings, but he worked his way out of the minor jams each time.
''I guess all the hours on the range helped,'' he said.
To transport travelers across the frontier, a new high-speed quad was built at Mineral Basin in Snowbird, bridging that lofty bowl with Albion Basin in Alta.
But if he pitches well, all will be forgiven by fans and teammates -- which is the nature of our world of sports.
''There used to be 50 lawsuits outstanding against them, now there are one or two.''
Here was the moment, the day.
His business, Music Typographers, of Oyster Bay, NY, engraved most of the music published in the 60's and 70's, earning him numerous Paul Revere Awards and recognition in the Groves Dictionary.
With acres of lush green, Mr. Gagne worries that unwanted visitors will be tempted to invade the grounds.
In practice she led a third diamond, an apparently safe move.
The owner's son Henry Koch flirted with her, but she thought he was married.
By this time the cost of the house had risen to $47,000.
Those notorious shower scenes remain, just so you know.
Written and directed by John Sayles (R, 95 minutes).
The collection ranges from contracts from his 18-year career to a driver's license.
Owen Dougherty, a spokesman for the Ford division agency, J. Walter Thompson, part of the WPP Group, said that special Ford commercials to run before and after the season premiere of ''24'' on Fox Broadcasting on Oct. 28 ''have been shot with no disruption.''
Mr. Hutchens was the exclusive bidder on a contract for the right to cut private canals into the 524-mile state canal system.
And I'm playing a nun!
A fellow officer, who spoke on the condition that he not be identified by name, said his colleague came home ''a changed man.''
And then there are those moments when it only feels as if they have.
He sold the jet in 1998 for about $11 million, an airline broker said.
Amazon.com fell $1.46, to $25.06.
Even with more debt to service, Autostrade says it will still invest 10.1 billion euros through 2009 to expand and repair the Milan-Brescia corridor, one of Europe's busiest stretches of highway, and other parts of its network, which account for about half the country's superhighway mileage.
I have never heard one of them say the word branding.
Any leader who wants to get a firm grip on political and economic life in Russia is bound to devote attention to the energy sector, and Ms. Choyleva said that even before the flare-up between Russia's president and its richest man, there was a tug of war between the government and oil businesses.
In contrast, Democratic critics say, the task force assembled by Mr. Kosinski was weighted toward Republicans and Pataki supporters.
When it rains or snows, runoff flows untreated into nearby storm drains along roads and ultimately makes its way into rivers, lakes and oceans.
''I ate, slept, went out, came home, listened to music.
I wasn't clever enough to say, 'You're absolutely right!'
The Democratic lawmakers joined labor unions in opposing the rule changes, asserting that they would reduce take-home pay and free time for many workers.
Or species, in the case of the pet gifts at www.restorationhardware.com.
''I had this image of the young man at Tiananmen Square who thought he alone could stop a tank,'' said Rita Lasar, 71, whose brother was killed at the World Trade Center while trying to help a colleague in a wheelchair escape.
In certain Westchester towns, it seems common knowledge that people rely on gardeners.
PGA Tour officials saw Zoeller hitting off the tee and disqualified him.
Toyota, Honda and Nissan have cumulatively gained six-tenths of 1 percent of market share in Western Europe the first half of the year, according to Morgan Stanley, while Ford has lost two-tenths of 1 percent.
Chopin's études are fiendishly difficult works, designed to isolate individual technical hurdles on the keyboard and drill them in punishing repetition.
It was not clear how the leaders would deal publicly with the continued house arrest, by the junta in Myanmar, of the pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
The e-mail message circulated to Microsoft executives did not mention charity.
Then there are those whose appellations -- and interiors -- are more elusive, places like Chthonic Clash, a two-month-old coffee house with an eclectic mix of furniture, from a Victorian settee to a 1960's stereo chair.
Inner Mongolia has 25 cases officially, though the number of patients being treated in at least five places around the sprawling region appears to be significantly higher.
What is surprising is your antipathy.
''When the war began, we went into our contingency plans and scaled back some public, press-type events,'' said John Beystehner, senior vice president for worldwide sales and marketing at United Parcel in Atlanta.
A security guard at the Gramercy Park Hotel, who saw the accident and spoke on condition of anonymity, said he saw the car back up and head the wrong way down 21st Street, which is a one-way street, before making a U-turn and leaving.
ON a trip to Hong Kong in 1996, the New York rare book dealer Justin G. Schiller bought a blanket-size wool banner depicting Mao Zedong.
We're talking about nastiness like indecent exposure, assault, soliciting prostitution and contributing to the delinquency of a minor.
They will play the winner of Thursday's Georgia Tech-Hofstra game next Wednesday at Madison Square Garden.
It was the sixth straight victory for Rutgers (15-6, 8-2 Big East).
Later in the summer, the board hopes to begin its inspections of the accounting firms.
But it still doesn't take it back that I said it.''
Over time, many ranches opened up just to cater to the growing number of tourists and, more recently, started offering high-end touches -- from children's clubs to spas -- that might take cowpunchers by surprise.
During Mr. Peacock's unemployment, his father, Franklin, who owns an auto parts business, helped out.
''Now my beloved is scrambling eggs for us'' she wrote, before they headed up a nearby peak.
Dora the Explorer products also beat initial sales projections, earning about $350 million in retail sales in 2002, up from an early estimate of $250 million.
He said after Dr. Dean's 45-minute question-and-answer session that he would ''make it official in the next 7 to 14 days.''
She recommends that investors create a core portfolio with 80 to 90 percent of their assets and to treat the rest as ''fun money,'' with which they are ''willing to take more risk, looking to make a quick buck'' -- a category that would include the overseas accounts.
It's easy to look at, easy to access -- one-stop suburban-style shopping in an urban Brooklyn setting.''
Our sincere condolences to Arthur and family.
Pressures are building on the government of Gen. Pervez Musharraf, who defied Islamic conservatives as well as elements of his military and intelligence services to join with the United States in the war on terror after Sept. 11.
In a recent study by the Cato Institute, two economists, James Gwartney and Robert Lawson, found that ''economic freedom is highly correlated with per-capita income, economic growth, and life expectancy.''
After the ceremony, Mr. Lokkins and Mr. Archilla and their two witnesses stopped at Denny's for a Grand Slam breakfast.
''Sometimes you just wrap it in banana leaves and grill it until it is black,'' said Sok Pov, a journalist, smiling at the thought.
''Will that change me as a person?
He argued that it would be better to counter speech with more speech, rather than restricting it by law.
It has become a sick habit to become a member of the clean-plate club.
But, he added, sales this year are 12 million to 15 million cases over 2002.
''My father was in Okinawa.
The Dubsdread par-5's, which often play like par-4's, gave him problems.
The game was originally scheduled for 8 p.m., but was moved to 5 p.m. because the Buckeyes' football team will be playing for the national championship in Arizona that evening.
''Let's tell the truth about the law, before we all get teary-eyed about the law,'' the appeals panel quoted Mr. Rosenblatt as telling jurors.
Yesterday was the deadline set by Gov.
On the rainy Friday before Christmas week began, I was the only visitor over a three-hour period.
Two weeks ago, as the Fair Trade Commission was fining a pharmacy $4,300 for selling masks for $20, about 10 million masks were stockpiled in airport warehouses.
Extra minutes are very costly to the C.S.R.
It is too early to tell whether the conversion will drive up premiums or trigger other consequences for Empire's customers, industry executives say, but critics say it is the state that will be the real long-term loser in this deal.
The Giants' search for a new coach will pick up speed Monday.
Dr. Seuss has been spammed.
Doug: The property had just about every feature we thought we might want.
MARK TARAGIN Jerusalem, June 12, 2003
But Vanessa Redgrave (Tony winner for best actress in a play) as the morphine-addicted mother of a family at war with itself elicits them again and again in this fine, soul-piercing production of Eugene O'Neill's autobiographical masterpiece, directed by Robert Falls.
* BOBBY SANABRIA AND QUARTETO ACHE, Flushing Town Hall, 137-35 Northern Boulevard, Queens, (718) 463-7700.
But TIKI BARBER will play, despite sore shoulders.
But by now, buyers have grown accustomed to the PT, and its retro looks alone are no longer enough to generate higher sales, said Art Spinella, an industry analyst at CNW Market Research in Bandon, Ore. ''Anyone who just couldn't live without one has one,'' he said.
We don't think the world's only surviving superpower should be making war to avoid embarrassment.
This ideal is actually not all that different from the ideal that evolved in varieties of Christianity or Judaism in their encounters with America.
The board appointed an acting president and considered new options.
``We are a major superpower with a third-world electrical grid,'' said Gov.
There was still a bright future for a 19-year-old (though some suggest he lied about his age) who could sign Shakespeare's name as well as Shakespeare could -- and had done so in scores of books called the Shakespeare Library.
The word peppery appeared in several of the critiques.
Walt Disney's chairman, Michael D. Eisner, is also under pressure from investors over the poor performance of its ABC division in recent years.
No doubt, the psyche of Washington's Kwame Brown would still be intact if Michael Jordan wasn't routinely savaging the young fella.
''It's not about clean, it's about control,'' he said, insisting that his controlling is under control.
The Rangers' career leader in assists, Leetch holds or shares 35 team records (20 regular season, 15 playoffs).
In 2002, it slid to 22.1 billion pounds.
His gift is allowing you to eat deliciously as you glow at the center of the universe, and not for a lot of money.
After a 13-hour flight, a half-hour delay circling Narita Airport and another half-hour delay waiting for their equipment to arrive at the Chiba sports complex where they were to practice, the Jets finally made it to Tokyo today.
''Hallelujah,'' customarily sung in a tone of keening pain, was stripped of its angst and revealed as a darkly funny, almost rollicking exclamation of cynicism.
(Nods to ''The Sopranos,'' ''Sex and the City,'' films with winsome British men and black viewers who might otherwise watch UPN shows.)
Davenport wasted no time overpowering Callens, but she experienced only minor pain.
A case in point is the Foreign Correspondents Club, at 363 Sisowath Quay, which is not really an exclusive journalists' club as its name suggests but a bar and restaurant overlooking the river from the third floor of a stately colonial building.
Many of the experts said the judges would not have convened today's hearing, which required nine of them to travel to San Francisco from out of state, unless they intended put the election back on track.
Mr. Libeskind will not be the lead architect on the terminal, however; because federal money will pay for it, a more experienced design team has to take the lead role, according to federal regulations.
He will be greatly missed.
Files for Bankruptcy F. A. O. Inc., which owns F. A. O. Schwarz, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
With some Democrats accusing him of having exaggerated the threat from Iraq and having failed to line up the support from other nations necessary to spread the responsibility for what is shaping up as a long occupation, Mr. Bush portrayed his leadership as yielding steady progress in protecting Americans.
For those who did not have the information to relocate their family graves, their ancestors' graves disappeared into oblivion.''
I'm sure they're going to travel wherever we go next.''
If you know Mr. Bergman's films and have seen, say, ''Persona'' or ''Cries and Whispers,'' you have undoubtedly met someone very like her before.
For weeks it has insisted that before sending American troops, it wanted to see a cease-fire in effect, West African peacekeepers present and Charles Taylor, the warlord now serving as Liberia's president, gone.
Mr. Elkin eventually sold the pickup.
Facts of Life ''Scenarios USA Shorts,'' a four-film package featuring ''Lipstick,'' ''Today I Found Out,'' ''From an Objective Point of View'' and ''Just Like You Imagined?,'' will be shown on three Showtime television channels this weekend: Showtime Women tonight at 8, Eastern and Pacific times, 7 p.m. Central time; Showtime Too tomorrow night at 9, Eastern and Pacific times (check local listings for Central time); and Showtime Next on Sunday at 7 p.m., Eastern and Pacific times, 6 p.m. Central time.
Suggesting a playoff is heartbreaking for the multitudes who argue passionately that what makes college football unique is that every week is a playoff.
In fact, it seems that the two sides of the Sound often pay each other little heed.
LOYD, David L., 44, Staff Sgt., Army; Jackson, Tenn.; National Guard 1175th Transportation Company.
After announcing the resignations, Sloan said that Baylor would grant players releases from their scholarships.
You have a better chance of winning if you can keep your horse happy on the track.
Or they might be preserved in some fashion all the way down to bedrock.
Mr. Moussaoui is a French citizen who readily acknowledges his membership in Al Qaeda and his loyalty to Osama bin Laden but denies guilt in the Sept. 11 attacks and says testimony from captured terrorists would demonstrate his innocence.
''We need both men,'' Mr. Abdel Khader said.
IN the world of preschool entertainment, bunnies don't limit their appearances to the Easter holidays.
Mr. Bush, who also used the weekend to rest between multimillion-dollar fund-raisers for his re-election campaign, has been suffering from a minor muscle tear in his calf for two and a half months.
Several Italian political analysts predict that it will eventually be overturned, perhaps allowing Mr. Berlusconi's trial to begin anew, but not during the Italian presidency of the European Union.
It will be a stand-alone company under the Dover Resources unit.
Mr. Jones introduced a new version of ''Continuous Replay,'' based on a variation of 45 hand gestures that Mr. Zane performed in a 1981 film while Catherine Cabeen and Shaneeka Harrell executed the dance live; Helen Thorington, a composer and early collaborator, read a hard-luck story related in an interview with an elderly woman befriended by Mr. Zane.
Those who use their hand-helds for anything other than gaming, though, may find the controller more trouble to carry around than it's worth.
Whatever the price, the audience for art DVD's must be growing.
Mr. Jabbar's last infected son, Muhammad, watched one report on television.
But in an e-mail message, he said that Mr. Clinton would not take sides in the primary.
Still, people close to Mr. Lautenberg say that it would be a serious miscalculation to count him out, noting that he is a hard-edged politician who was once called a swamp dog by a political opponent who was on the receiving end of his attacks.
At the same time, computer-aided design and microprocessor technology have made it feasible for manufacturers to develop low-volume specialty cars like the M's and AMG's.
Center fielder Jim Edmonds had a calf ailment.
The academy found overwhelming evidence that as levels of nurse staffing rose the quality of care improved, because nurses had more time to monitor patients and can more readily detect changes in their conditions.
''I feel that people were less than honest with me about the program,'' she said.
It's about location, location, location.
She is greatly mourned by her children, Janet Rothman Markel (Barry Lhormer), D. Richard Rothman, and grandchildren Barbara Ann Markel, Diana Markel, Wendy Rothman Cumming and Brad Rothman.
Woods seemingly is not playing with the same confidence he had when he won 7 of 11 majors, from the 1999 P.G.A.
When Connie, struggling with temptation, says this is a mistake, Paul replies: ''There is no such thing as a mistake.
Vance Wilson's groundout and Joe McEwing's single scored runs.
She taught at the City University of New York, Columbia University, and the Cooper-Hewitt Museum and lectured widely.
The wiring is so good it can deceive an intelligent species that looks for intelligence everywhere.
He struck out eight Mets in seven shutout innings, and the Yankees provided him with enough offense in a 5-0 victory.
It's different for every kid, but each one has something, a spark, an interest.''
On Tuesday, Knicks Coach Don Chaney was cautiously optimistic about the coming season, understanding how the glut of power forwards would present a challenge, and that above all, health would be critical to the team's success.
* Specify where cultural facilities will be placed and outline where the money for them will come from (and make sure that money is not diverted to other uses).
Tonight at 8, New York Society for Ethical Culture, Central Park West at 64th Street, (212) 717-9246.
In the administration's most comprehensive policy statement to date, the deputy defense secretary, Paul D. Wolfowitz, argued yesterday that inspectors are not investigators who patiently try to peel away the layers of deception to get to the facts.
Its bulbous, vaguely mushroom-like form is made of fiberglass and covered in squares of titanium leaf, creating a satiny, subtly gridded surface that evokes the use of gold leaf in antique religious art.
Even if 5 percent of the world goes to gyms we're aiming at the other 95 percent.''
Using documents recovered from the Baath Party headquarters, Mr. Hassan said, they were able to find the site of the grave.
Jeff Wilkins kicked a 28-yard field goal with 13 minutes left in the extra period.
The Met has clearly called in every chip to make this show spectacular.
bombing of rebellious tribesmen on the Northwest Frontier in India.
''The skies were threatening, and the crowd which had collected around City Hall Park was not particularly large,'' said the New York Times's account.
A Refinancing Plan Helps Lower County Debt With reaffirmation of its AAA bond rating, Westchester has refinanced some of its debt at lower interest rates, saving $2.56 million during the next 13 years, Andrew J. Spano, the county executive, said last week.
In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made to Wells College, Aurora, NY 13026, to The Episcopal Church of St. Andrew and Holy Communion, 160 W. South Orange Avenue, South Orange, NJ 07079, or to the charity of your choice.
In other openings, Tony Randall's National Actor's Theater's next production will be ''Right You Are,'' Pirandello's philosophical comedy (with an abbreviated title).
BellSouth, the third-largest local phone company, said yesterday that it was seeking to prevent its vice chairman from accepting the job leading the Sprint Corporation, in a surprise twist to Sprint's search for a successor to William T. Esrey, its chairman and chief executive.
''Doc was a great competitor, too,'' Thorn said.
With David Zinman on the podium at Avery Fisher Hall, the orchestra played three substantial recent works: a world premiere by Bright Sheng and revivals of works from the 1990's by Leon Kirchner and Christopher Rouse.
The Big East currently receives an automatic berth from the B.C.S., and remaining eligible for that spot will no doubt weigh heavily in whatever decisions the conference makes.
In Mr. Lopez's telling, Ms. Lin became someone people could go to if they needed advice on how to pay a bill, assistance with the Police Department, help with a Social Security check that was late or help in contacting a politician.
Donations in her memory may be made to RSVPI (c/o University of Maryland Department of Aging); Camp Oakhurst (Oakhurst, NJ); Dystonia Medical Research Foundation (Chicago, IL).
Every snap in practice and every snap in the game, he'll get better, he'll get in a groove.
PAGE 4 Gap in Health Coverage Of the 43 million people in the United States who lack health insurance, a majority are neither poor by official standards nor unemployed.
An ageless black matriarch who communes with the spirit world (including the dead girls of the 16th Street church).
Was his country's rejection a blessing or a curse?
They have a tough life and put pride into their work, which makes them feel good.
''You can comment on photographs -- who's in them and what they are doing,'' Dr. Gemmell said.
THE ROMANTIC By Barbara Gowdy.
Tonight at 9; tomorrow at 8 p.m. Merce Cunningham Studio, 55 Bethune Street, West Village (212) 751-8872.
Many questions remain about Iraq's nuclear, chemical and biological weapons programs and arsenal -- and it is Iraq's obligation to provide answers.
''Their risk level is going to be different than the risk that a 99-seat theater can take.
Others have called it art.
He has irked smokers and taxpayers, but what seems to rile most people about the billionaire mayor is, as two-thirds of those polled concluded, he doesn't care about the needs of ordinary people.
Grandma, you have been as much a mother to me as my own.
But if you come to ''The Drawings of François Boucher'' hoping for a more intimate experience of his lubricious sensuality, you will be disappointed.
''We have previously said that London, and indeed the rest of the U.K., continues to face a range of terrorist threats from a number of different groups,'' the assistant commissioner of the Metropolitan Police, David Veness, said in a statement.
It is apparent that another Mills competitor is taking the same tack in a last-minute attempt to sway sentiment.''
If slapping some guy on the face is motivation to them and to you, why not?''
You are insane, because you took his life.''
he'd ask; ''Abracadabra,'' they'd shout.
Others were the Caesar salad with a perfect dressing (another one of Mr. Clyde's long-term projects); a dozen tender little escargots in a pastry shell; the seared goat cheese over mesclun and the mushroom risotto scented with truffle oil.
A graphic noting that Jeter had gotten his record 119th career postseason hit in Game 4 (actually it was his 120th, according to the Elias Sports Bureau) cannot be properly compared to all of baseball history.
''So, despite a rise that would take almost a half-century to match at today's money market fund rates, the odds of making anything trading in and out over this time frame were 50 to 1 against you,'' Mr. Torray said.
Mr. Annan has been under pressure from the United States, other members of the Security Council and the Iraqi Governing Council to move sooner than that.
Because American soldiers wore helmets and body armor, Colonel Pritchett said, they escaped many of the serious injuries endured by the Iraqis.
Still, the company is small.
''Companies have cut back on the C.E.O.
The eclectic material has been sifted into regional styles, but with several artists represented by multiple pieces, personalities tend to outshine historical narrative.
Meanwhile, all of this must be accomplished by a Sanitation Department that is struggling to collect and dispose of 11,000 tons of residential garbage daily.
When my fellow Iraqis finally go to the polls to elect their government, they must have confidence that state institutions are not only legitimate and independent, but robust enough to guarantee safety and civil rights.
3, Britten's ''Notturno'' and works by Chopin, Mozart and Schumann.
''It's a case of a dysfunctional woman bailing out a dysfunctional woman,'' said a state official familiar with the case.
's believing they were much safer than cars because of their size, their high risk of rollovers, a particularly lethal kind of accident, more than offsets any advantage.
The race was moved to a track called Morris Park in the Pelham Parkway section of the Bronx, and was run by the Westchester Racing Association.
But they are far below scores in more affluent Long Island districts.
After several years of reporting and a wide range of assignments, he became a Vice President in 1946, President in 1952, and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in 1960.
The yen gained almost 7 percent in the April-June period this year compared with the quarter in 2002.
Sometimes the shock value of particularly gruesome imagery can have practical effect.
Mr. Baker could outfox Al Gore but not Ali G. The 31-year-old British satirist, whose new HBO show has already become a cult favorite among high school and college kids, came to America to do the same sort of interviews he did in England, putting unwitting V.I.P.
He said that it would be hard to make the tax fair to low-income families, and that it would be too easy, once established, to raise the rate.
''I think this fixes the problem,'' said the author of the bill, Assemblywoman Hannah-Beth Jackson, a Democrat who represents the Santa Barbara area.
Several other board members did not respond to calls or e-mail messages seeking comment or referred them to Mr. Wilde.
Teams often hold meetings before the first game of a series, but this was the second game.
Which is all the more reason Mrs. Taylor still sounds awed and tickled when she talks about being the new mayor of Salem.
So she concentrated on bowling, with amazing results.
Modell's took a portion of the former Service Merchandise space, leaving 6,000 square feet available.
White has used time as a theme in his essay.
Tavon Riley, 6, was hospitalized in critical condition today, and his 10-year-old sister, Destiny, was in fair condition.
Many Cup watchers believe the break helps Team New Zealand, which was reeling from three quick losses.
That was the year he began his popular series of Tuesday night radio shows for Pepsodent toothpaste and made his first feature motion picture, ''The Big Broadcast of 1938.''
Alliance acknowledged that it had been contacted by Mr. Spitzer's office and by the Securities and Exchange Commission and that it was cooperating with the investigation.
If you like that, it works for you.''
He called the expulsions ''a cause of great suffering for me,'' adding, ''The Holy See expects from the government authorities concrete decisions which will put an end to this crisis.''
Jam Master Jay are in the film.
Though the spectacular looting on display at the end of the war has melted away, if only because most public buildings were cleaned out long ago, roving gangs have kept up a frenetic pace of carjackings and muggings.
Judge Hedges said that prosecutors could call witnesses in the case to offer more specific information and adjourned the hearing.
Scientists believe that some of the poisons dissipate in the water, but others, like arsenic, can build up in the food chain.
George E. Pataki asked the United States Department of Agriculture yesterday for disaster relief for family farms in 33 counties hurt by floods and frost last spring.
Hiring inexpensive junior-level researchers in India will free J.P. Morgan's highly paid senior analysts to spend more time with the companies they cover and with investors, a J.P. Morgan spokeswoman, Joanne Shephard, said.
Kurdish officials said the brigade has asked them to allow 5,000 troops onto Iraqi soil.
''Yeah, give me a break, actually,'' Mr. Grant said.
Perhaps it's fruitless to try to dissuade them.
The State Department supported American involvement but the Pentagon demurred.
Dr. Marcelo F. Denegas, 28, an internist at Montefiore Hospital in the Bronx, said that he and his wife, who is also a doctor, had seen police officers beating a young man on Broadway at the north end of Times Square.
Tonight Glimmerglass presents the director Francisco Negrin's production of Mozart's ''Don Giovanni,'' which offers the Danish baritone Palle Knudsen in the title role and Stewart Robertson conducting.
The answers would also affect another crucial decision, when to declare that an outbreak has ended.
''We are pleased that we were able to protect the privacy of the people who were in the trade center calling for emergency assistance under the most tragic circumstances imaginable,'' Michael A. Cardozo, the city's corporation counsel, said in a statement.
Over ''fry bake,'' or salt fish with tomatoes and onions surrounded by fried dough, a Trinidad specialty, Michael opened his arms wide and announced, ''All this belongs to you, you know.''
The former government tried to instill reverence for Mr. Hussein in the youngest of Iraqis.
''He doesn't have many supporters in Najaf.''
''And you think about it as you're watching that bright point of light racing across the sky, but you're conscious that there is a fellow human on board.''
He returned to track this season after taking a sabbatical last year, in part because his sister was on trial -- and later convicted -- of killing her 18-month-old daughter.
The genial cheerleader and stickball commissioner with the gregarious parents, the frat president who had little nicknames and jokes for everyone, fell in with a rough crowd.
Ms. Quart thinks that finding ''paradise in the basement'' is one positive way to resist brands and grow up.
The Yankees saved their response until yesterday, when they made Claussen the centerpiece of a deal with the Reds for Aaron Boone, an All-Star third baseman.
East Coast Hockey League PENSACOLA ICE PILOTS -- Announced G Maxime Gingras has been called up by Springfield of the AHL.
Last November a suicide bomb attack on an Israeli-owned hotel near Mombasa coincided with a failed attempt to bring down an Israeli airplane with shoulder-fired missiles.
While he was assigned to the kitchen, Mr. Jones said, a guard began yelling at him when he carried bags of garbage to the trash bin.
In one way at least, the thousands of New York City workers left jobless after 9/11 were luckier than those unemployed earlier or later -- because they were far more likely to collect benefits from New York State's unemployment insurance program.
''It's unnerving to realize that history happened, and now it's in a museum so quickly.
Beginning on Saturday the Brandywine River Museum in Chadds Ford, Pa., will exhibit paintings and drawings inspired by Wyeth's annual trips to Maine.
Small is also interested in helping to build the game in Russia.
''I watched her when she first started as a news reader on the ''Today'' show: she was terrific because she came off like a real person.
In a telephone interview, Mr. Eaton said he made good deals for the Gibbs.
''What we talked about at halftime is that it could be one of the best defensive performances in T.C.U.
He will conduct the trial, technically known as a confirmation hearing, before what is expected to be a standing-room-only crowd of lawyers, creditors and expert witnesses in the government's largest Manhattan courtroom.
''Wyeth has offered to cooperate with the Department of Justice and believes its practices regarding brokers have not violated the antitrust laws.''
That's the most important thing about playing in New York.''
Prof. Stephen D. Solomon, the founder and director of the university's four-year-old business journalism program, said the editor in chief of Bloomberg News, Matthew Winkler, told him early last year that the company would stop supporting two business journalism fellowships because of comments that the education school professor, Mark Crispin Miller, had made in a New York Observer article.
For German high school students, French is a language of culture and refinement.
The appointments are typical of departing governors, as will be Mr. Schwarzenegger's anticipated moves to block them.
Mr. Sweeney said that he was eager to head off a divisive and distracting battle and that he wanted to continue trying to increase labor's role in politics.
ON THE WEB PAST REVIEWS from the New York Times, with additional capsule reviews by Times critics: nytimes.com/dining
Prices are still falling, making it harder for debtors to repay their obligations and companies to raise prices.
The issue is whether such a confession, even if preceded by a ''voluntary'' waiver of a suspect's Miranda rights, can be used as evidence when the original failure to give the warnings was deliberate.
The bridegroom graduated from Boston University and received a law degree from Brooklyn Law School.
Parks's perennial theme of the past's relationship to the present through the intimate prism of one family.
Mr. Torres says he cannot afford the television and radio ads that might make him a household name.
That intensified Mr. Blair's need to find a trump card, one that would provide U.N. cover and persuade his people that he was taking them to war in Iraq because of Saddam's threat to Britain, not because of Mr. Bush's obsession with Saddam.
Over time, they pieced together their own herds, and then built their own dairies, 20 acres at a time.
Humphrey Bogart is the director who persuades her to make the move, but she soon feels she should go back ''where I belong - in the dirt of the streets.''
Maybe a conversion minivan is the answer.
Most of the current buyers from New York are 35 to 45 and many are single women, said Ron Guichard, a real estate broker who has an office in an 1864 building on Main Street.
Milberg Weiss has lost several lawyers this year.
Eight times they have lost.
You are single, what are you doing?'''
''Whenever you get a rally in the 10-year, mortgage hedging activity will exaggerate that,'' Mr. Jasper concluded.
But looking at him, and talking to him, he would never let you know it.''
The United States has just issued an ultimatum to Iraq.
Some have unfortunate reunions with daughters, who end up joining them behind bars.
If Mr. da Silva delivers any antiglobalization message, it will most likely be here rather than in Davos, where he will be trying to persuade the international financiers present to reopen credit lines to Brazilian companies.
The French government had until midnight tonight to propose a short-term solution for Alstom that did not breach the European Union's state aid laws.
NEW JERSEY GOVERNMENT OFFICES -- Closed.
Polls suggest that Mr. Gephardt's fortunes have risen in recent weeks in Iowa, with its crucial early caucuses and where he is in a tight race with former Gov.
''There were farms all along Richmond Avenue,'' he said, referring to what is now a main thoroughfare.
But on the other hand, some might be concerned about his methods.''
It's time for the Democrats to start making a case for themselves as the true party of the military.
Hall, 37, had already weathered divestitures, acquisitions and mergers while working at the Newtown plant, but they realized they were facing a whole new threat with Kendro's closure: they would have to move or seek employment elsewhere.
''They're just very comfortable vocally,'' she said.
The list is online today at nytimes.com/corrections.html, where it will remain accessible for the next week.
The tequilas tasted represent a selection generally available in good retail shops and restaurants.
A three-day storm has left everything shiny and slick, but Jérôme Ben Aoues appears defiant.
''All we had to do was wait 25 years.''
The inn has three dining rooms that can hold well over 200, but with wood floors it always seems to be crowded, casual and noisy.
He said Mr. Jones had lived with a 23-year-old woman, whom he would not identify, on the first floor for about two years, until she evicted him about a week ago because of a stormy relationship.
The comparison to Mr. Sondheim is instructive.
Mr. Largay's lawyer, Mr. Wicklow, who accompanied him to a probation office after they left the courtroom, declined to comment.
In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the Family Counseling Service, Westhampton Beach, NY 11978.
Dan Miceli had been struck on the leg by a line drive one batter earlier, and Rivera inherited a three-run lead and a three-ball count to the Blue Jays' Eric Hinske.
Mark Parrish carried the puck behind the goal instead of trying a wrap-around shot.
The cause of death was listed yesterday as fatal child abuse syndrome, and the ruling said the injuries were caused by shaking and abuse.
She has had it herself.
1130 Knoll Road, Lake Hiawatha.
Mr. Falcon, who has a law degree from the University of Texas and a master's degree in public policy from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard, acknowledged that there was still room for new revelations about Freddie Mac's financial practices.
Such trading, known as market timing -- which is considered improper but is not illegal -- often uses portfolio information that is not available to other shareholders, and the frequent trading increases costs for other investors.
When Rilke goes looking for sex in a city park, for example, it's as though he's stepped straight into a piece of British noir: ''The tops of the trees danced gently in the rain .
The report found that California was not doing as good a job preparing its inmates for release as it once did.
Imagine a herd of gazelles, sensing lions in the grass, edgily sniffing in every direction.
Indeed, some of the old symbols of the Communist vision have taken up positions in the party headquarters.
Her husband, who is in the Air Force reserves, spent a lot of the 18 months after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, on active duty, so their lives are only now returning to normal.
I needed to stop it.''
''I wanted some changes in the defense and asked Johnnie to implement them.''
In Trenton, the state's environmental commissioner, Bradley M. Campbell, held an open discussion with about a dozen residents of northwestern New Jersey who described their growing fears about bears.
Mapplethorpe, on the other hand, was presenting biceps and stamens as perfect art objects.
We wanted to give them the same choices in fitness as they get in retail and restaurants.''
Mr. Jackson also told the minister that Bruce had a history of lying, casting doubt on the reports from state officials that the youth said he had been punished by being forced to stare at a blank television, had never been to a restaurant and had not been allowed to go to church.
Still, he maintained that he had no regrets in coming to the Mets.
It would leave many of the details for later, either in another presidential speech or in an extensive case that Secretary of State Colin L. Powell would present to the Security Council.
Would you like to argue over whether Van Morrison's ''Madame George'' is a 29-point song, but ''Moondance'' is only a 28?
American and foreign intelligence services believe Iran's program would work as follows: Iran would mine natural uranium at domestic sites or buy it abroad.
Each band had a different multicultural mix.
The shades of Les Halles are fading, but not gone.
Dr. Joshua Lipsman, the county health commissioner, said residents should follow the guidelines established by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta concerning SARS.
First, there is the matter of the glowering Indian painted on the basketball court.
Words like fiery do not suffice to describe her depth and intensity.
And finally, the comment about his ''occasional righteous rant'' reduces Espada to the cultural stereotype of the political firebrand; to my mind, his poetry is in the tradition of Neruda and Hikmet -- two poets for whom the suffering of the ''marginalized'' is frequently addressed.
This led to a series of contracts with Capitol Records, Zoo Entertainment, Portrait Records and, most recently, a small Hollywood label called Knight Records, run by Paul Woolnough, whose Manic Music Management was also managing the band's career.
Texts, sometimes cribbed from Mickey Spillane or St. Augustine, skirt specific meaning to linger at the itchy, mumbling edge of clear thought, where poetry is.
Importers will have to reapply for the permits, known as veterinary licenses -- a process that could take weeks, given Russia's tangled bureaucracy.
34 Jackson Name Clouds City Plan Michael Jackson's plans to put his name and fund-raising abilities behind the construction of a Performing Arts center in Gary, Ind., in an effort to help his struggling hometown, may be jeopardized by his recent arrest.
''It was very difficult for me to run with them,'' Lel said.
Or perhaps to become more worthy of life in paradise.
Send in the Jeters As a child, DEREK JETER's parents never took him to the circus, but he took them to one last Thursday night: the Big Apple Circus in Damrosch Park at Lincoln Center.
''We need to win three of our four-game homestand to be on target,'' he said.
''We spend no time on that scenario,'' Furlong said.
On Tuesday night, the waitress had a shoulder tattoo.
Ms. Collings had read about the greeter program in a Chicago guidebook and thought it would be a good way to start the three-day visit, the group's third annual mother-daughters excursion.
The victim, Patrice Moore, 43, of 1991 Morris Avenue, near Tremont Avenue, was found shortly after 1 p.m. in a 10-by-10-foot room crammed with paper and other detritus that completely filled it, except for a small corner where he slept, neighbors and city officials said.
The pleasure in this genre is that while anyone can see what's coming a mile away, ''Rocky'' being the template, one can enjoy the changes rung on the basic structure.
''But we'll be able to provide a value proposition to customers regardless of who's in this space.''
The Partnership for New York City, a business group, has pledged $30 million and the Wallace Funds have pledged $15 million.
And that is why Burns did not want to make much of the Devils' most impressive statistic of the playoffs: they are 8-0 at home in the postseason and have outscored the opposition in those eight games by 23-8.
Broncho Billy was born in Little Rock, Ark., in 1880 as Max Aronson, and later changed his name to Gilbert M. Anderson.
The next morning I cut the back of my head with a razor blade.
Both are made by his company in the Brooklyn Navy Yard, (718) 797-1183 or www.robertmartindesigns.com.
The country sits atop the largest petroleum fields outside the Middle East, with most of its oil exports going to the United States.
Their determination underscores the shortcomings of any crackdown on illegal immigration, and it is evident in their eyes.
He returned, Dr. Haley wrote in a report in December, with brain damage.
''There's not that much that I can do, though.
How were these scientists similar or different?
Only the first $250 of an individual donation is matched by federal funds.
''I'm sure it was illegal to have 18 people in a 15-passenger van,'' Summitt said.
The Officers and Trustees of the New York Sports Museum & Hall of Fame regret the passing of a charter member of the New York Sports Hall of Fame on May 14, in New York.
While the John Calipari types came, cashed in and fizzled in the 90's, as the Larry Bird legends materialized, won, then vanished, Jeff just kept winning in New York.
They are told many times to be safe and they just don't get it.''
''These persistently high claims pose a significant threat to the prospects of a second-half upturn since weak job conditions make consumers more cautious about spending,'' said David Resler, chief economist at Nomura Securities International.
The Department of Transportation's Essential Air Service Program, which provides subsidies to small communities, for example, pulled the plug on Ottumwa's airport in September 2001 because the per-passenger costs exceeded the ceiling of $200.
By the 1998-99 season, Mr. Neufeld had direct control of four prime-time newsmagazines under the ''20/20'' banner.
Barges have become increasingly popular with groups, like families on a reunion, or travelers on an incentive trip offered as an award by their companies.
Along with the reporters on board, he was flown to Floyd Bennett Field in Brooklyn, the city's first, albeit small, municipal airport.
''In the past this has proven to be a good spot,'' he said.
Those contracts, valued at about $17 million, provided immediate gains for the sellers because the contract ended the day at 849.25.
It has been that way since he arrived at his Texas ranch after a few days at Camp David, Md.
But the legal Catch-22's that left Ms. Mills frustrated have sparked an attempt to enact new legislation in Albany designed to increase the time orders of protection stay in effect and prevent predators from slipping through loopholes in the law.
The new suit maintains the claim in the first suit that Wal-Mart and its contractors violated state antidiscrimination laws by treating the janitors worse because of their origins.
Ask reporters here what they think of Scott McClellan, the soft-spoken Texan named last month to fill Ari Fleischer's job as White House press secretary, and one hears descriptions like ''teddy bear'' and ''sweetie.''
Mr. Main said such a provision would be acceptable if it were confined to curbing the use of data for marketing.
These adjustments have made the city ''a model for other communities to follow,'' according to the homeland security secretary, Tom Ridge.
Indians' discovery of Goa is also a function of the mathematics of a growing middle class.
Mr. Kostunica and Mr. Djindjic both apparently worked with the Red Berets and other war crimes suspects to oust Mr. Milosevic and avoid a potential civil war.
Although several American owners and trainers have expressed concerns about traveling to the region, none have changed their plans.
But come April, the Warriors are likely to be out of the Western Conference playoff race and headed toward the draft lottery, and the Pistons should be gearing for a potential run toward the finals.
He did not address the possibility of cuts in the aid program.
Speaking in Enoree, S.C., another Democratic presidential hopeful, Gen. Wesley K. Clark, said companies should be required to disclose layoffs in America and jobs that they export overseas in an effort to make them more accountable to the public.
Things did perk up for us, however, with the appearance of CRAIG KILBORN, host of ''The Late Late Show'' on CBS.
After dinner, we walked around town, which was a little quiet at midweek (Parati is packed on weekends), and ended up at a nightclub called Dama da Noite, where an excellent samba band was belting out tunes to enthusiastic revelers.
People who study aging and the ways in which it is or isn't accommodated in different professions note that few leaders, outside of monarchs, have that kind of autonomy.
Few administrations enjoy making midcourse corrections in their foreign policies, much less admitting to making them.
Marquette held a 21-20 lead at intermission.
Fox and ESPN believe in the Cubs and the Braves.
Along with its suppliers of seats, tires, metal parts and the like, BMW has pumped about $4 billion into the region.
The former gives tragedy's archaic power a safe conduct into our ironic time; the latter implants a perduring nerve into satire's tendency to be no more than of our time.
This month it announced plans to eliminate up to 650 jobs in Europe and the United States.
Residents of Lasell Village, where housing costs $300,000 to $750,000, plus monthly fees of $2,500 to $3,000, are required under a zoning agreement with the city to attend at least 450 hours of classes a year, or a combination of classes, physical fitness activities and volunteer work.
FRONTLINE The Wall Street Fix On most PBS stations tonight (check local listings) Hedrick Smith, senior producer and correspondent; Rick Young, producer-director; Cliff Hackel, editor.
Agreement was also reached on a clause that caused angry legal wrangling: how to define the terms by which arbitration would determine a long-term deal.
March 16 at 1 a.m., Eastern time.
His previous gambits include a novel composed of memos, journal entries, letters and dialogue fragments (''Nothing but the Truth'') and one written entirely in unattributed dialogue (''Who Was That Masked Man, Anyway?
One of them is midfielder Shannon Boxx of the New York Power, who had never played with the national team until last month, but is expected to be a starter in the World Cup.
Jörg Hutmacher, manager of the architectural division of Illbruck, a Minnesota company that makes Sonex, a commercial noise insulation commonly used in music studios and clubs, said that the television images suggested that the material in the Station was not made for acoustic purposes.
And still home to most of Mr. Al-Dhaher's family is his beloved Nasiriya, a Euphrates River city and the scene of some of the most intense fighting so far in the war.
The projects are priceless because they are opening up deeper layers of human understanding.
And throughout she tosses off lovely lines, like her observation that many of the glass photographic negatives of the Civil War ''were recycled into greenhouse plates without being scraped, their images of the harvest of death gradually fading away to let more and more light in on the orchids or cucumbers beneath.''
''One of the nicest things about the small-town experience is that it gives my children the opportunity to see the same faces at events like this,'' said Kathleen McGinty Ferguson, who goes to the fair with her husband, David, and her children, Patrick, 15; Anne, 10, and Grace, 5.
(''He drinks lots of juice, and he get lots of rest.
Specific genes can serve as early warning systems for the development of problems.
I wanted them to have the same kind of life experiences I had.
That is about the extent of the opposition campaign against the Kremlin's hand-picked candidate in Sunday's election, the man with the power, the money and the guns to make sure nobody else puts up posters of their own.
complaint, to avoid that outcome and to ensure that senior Enron executives obtained bonuses that were tied to the company's performance, executives within the company assembled the ideas for the two transactions and approached Merrill with them.
In theory, a vessel absorbs the essence of whatever is cooked in it, but since the microwave's walls never get hot, it was possibly immune from the usual strictures.
The eeriest fact of all -- to Elizabeth's father, Ed Smart, at least -- was that his daughter was kept hidden in the hills just above his house for several months after she was taken.
''If he's got a heartbeat, they want him on the field.
The most immediate concern remains the water shortage in Basra, Iraq's second largest city and home to 1.5 million people.
A year ago, it admitted that it had been secretly developing nuclear weapons in violation of a 1994 agreement, prompting international concern.
But the city was saved, and the story of its salvation has become one of the great urban legends of our time.
He put those questions to soldiers in a few different Humvees, and when they volunteered to pull out the kits, he demurred.
With ''Step,'' he assumes the entire process, which includes writing, editing and delivering the casual, conversational narration that the senior Mr. Brown made a trademark of his films.
The unease and uncertainty in the Nets' offices is only a microcosm of a larger issue, the arena.
Then again, for most of her young life, Tatiyana has been dealing with adult concerns.
This is a real rivalry, a feud more akin to the Hatfields against the McCoys.
I found myself sitting on the sofa we'd had since I was an adolescent, holding the hand of my mother who would die within two weeks, and watching Julianne Moore play someone like my mother, someone who could not have existed if my mother hadn't existed.
They can go on talking for days.
Carlos Dixon led Virginia Tech (8-10, 1-4) with 21 points.
''This is a landmark settlement and we hope that this can be the framework for settling with the other defendants,'' said Harley Tropin, a lawyer who represented plaintiffs in the case.
From hardly any production a decade ago, China has shot up to become the world's biggest exporter.
''They threatened me,'' the editor said in the report.
I didn't necessarily know that it was going to be in publishing.
They said five armed men attacked a group of aid workers in the Andal district in Ghazni Province, which lies midway between Kabul and Kandahar.
Tooled into a sleek pop fable, Steven Soderbergh's film tries to fuse the mystical intellectual gamesmanship of ''2001: A Space Odyssey'' with the love-beyond-the-grave schmaltz of ''Titanic,'' but ''it's a tricky balancing act that doesn't quite come off'' (Holden).
They have relatively small campuses in the Bronx, their emphasis is on a quality Catholic education, and their students scurry to buildings that seem untouched since they were built in the mid-1800's.
But the agency is under considerable pressure, both from competing industry sectors and a federal appeals court, which has given the commission until Feb. 20 to reconsider the old rules.
In 1999, Motorola decided to make Beijing its global center for research and development, with a target work force of 5,000 within five years.
His commons theory is frequently cited to support the notion of sustainable development, meshing economic growth and environmental protection, and has had an effect on numerous current issues, including the debate over global warming.
For a science article, he interviewed the man in charge of the institute that keeps Lenin embalmed.
In recent months, she moved out of the house that they shared in Center Moriches, N.Y., on Long Island and back into the ivy-covered East Hampton estate where Mr. Ammon was killed.
(The titles derive from phrases you hear frazzled users shouting into their hand-helds.)
They are performing duties ranging from street patrols to investigations.
Mrs. Stern, 33, is an interior designer at Deborah Berke & Partners Architects in New York.
''We wanted to do something more subtle.''
A1 Two North Korean diplomats met with Bill Richardson, the governor of New Mexico, to explain what their country seeks from Washington in return for de-escalating its nuclear ambitions.
There are four and a half bathrooms, a fireplace, a first-floor master suite, decks, patios and a gazebo that overlooks the lake.
As he turns his attention to the economy, President Bush is confronting a reality that many of his predecessors faced: a president cannot do all that much to strengthen the economy so that it is strong for his re-election.
Colleagues describe Representative Bill Thomas of California, chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, as particularly angry at Senator Blanche Lincoln, Democrat of Arkansas.
During a budget vote on July 30, they parked a manure spreader in a parking space at Town Hall that Mr. Santoro often used as a base to approach voters.
''Because of local market conditions,'' his report said, ''the demand for Liberty Bond financing for commercial projects has been minimal.''
The enterprise systems division, which sells server computers for corporate and government data centers, reported an operating profit of $106 million on a 2 percent increase in revenue to $4.1 billion.
His charm, his innate kindness, his smile, his unconditional love will be sorely missed and long remembered.
''They can pulverize existing cobblestones and mix it with asphalt, and throw it back,'' Mr. Berman said.
The interview today in Saudi Arabia was the first of two scheduled sessions between investigators and the Saudi, Omar al-Bayoumi, who was living as a student in San Diego in early 2000 when he met Khalid al-Mihdhar and Nawaf al-Hazmi, 2 of the 15 Saudis who came to the United States to train for the hijackings.
Rather, the shuttle broadcasts a constant stream of data to the ground, including, in the case of the Columbia, a half-minute of data that has yet to be analyzed completely.
It's one long, backhanded compliment -- extremely backhanded, you might say, which is interesting given that Mr. Marx is a former intern for the series.
Cashman agreed with that approach, but Jeter's advice goes unheeded.
My father was a chauvinist.
Pretend that you are a weather reporter.
While some do museum-quality work, no one lays claims to artistry.
Members also pay $7 to attend guild meetings, which take place at the church on the last Monday of each month.
The net loss was $5.37 a share in the quarter, in contrast to a profit of $36.5 million, or 63 cents a share, a year earlier, the company said.
among the top performers in the market's three main gauges.
You will be embarrassed by their hospitality even though they have nothing.
But amateurs are not the only ones who are bullish.
Indeed, many older tuners are looking for legal ways to enjoy their cars.
''Smoke 'em while you got 'em,'' Chris Santangelo, a bartender at Donovan's Pub in Woodside, Queens, yelled to a customer who plopped a pack of Winstons down as the minutes ticked away late Saturday to the start of smoke-free New York City bars.
Funeral Mass Thursday, 9:30 AM, St. Anthony of Padua R.C.
Drinks at 7 will be followed by dinner and the performance at 8, with an after-party to begin at 9.
DOLIN--Dr. Louis L., on May 27, 2003, age 81.
In addition to her daughter Sara, who lives in Kinderhook, N.Y., she is survived by her husband, H. Peter Stern; another daughter, Kate Johns, of Old Chatham, N.Y.; a brother, Stephen Bush of San Pedro, Calif.; three stepchildren; and eight grandchildren.
He appraises the original World Trade Center (''arrogant'') and Daniel Libeskind's replacement, which he admires because, he says, ''it goes down to the bedrock, and I love stone.''
Still, it's not enough for some.
Paul Staby, 85, now of Jupiter, Fla., remembers getting Mrs.
This is not the first fear to foil a health campaign in India.
Dr. Frist has appointed a group of 10 Republican senators to propose ways of covering the uninsured.
The subject, for the most part, is the American music of the pre-Copland era, music that Mr. Horowitz says has been unfairly characterized as slavishly European and that is part of what Leonard Bernstein called ''the kindergarten period'' of American musical life.
''Things are certainly neater,'' Mr. Matano said wistfully.
Cover with foil, transfer to oven and bake until celery is tender, 30 to 40 minutes.
But the administration itself may now have witlessly altered this dynamic with its reckless and insupportable decision to eviscerate a central provision of the Clean Air Act and allow power plants, refineries and other industrial sites to spew millions of tons of unhealthy pollutants into the air.
On one side is an old, portable decontamination shower, exposed to the elements, with room for a handful of people, hooked up to a hose.
Henner Klein, a vice president based in Brussels, as their new chief executive.
Anyone who has ever been in a war will tell you the overriding sensation is confusion.
Written by Arthur Perlman, with incidental music by Jeff Lunden (the team behind the Obie Award-winning ''Wings''), this hourlong show wisely eliminates Medea's ruthlessness and Jason's more gruesome trials.
How do we recognize the excellent work that's going on?''
GORDON--Mollie on December 7, 2003, 96 years old.
Her work day begins at 4 a.m. and ends more than 12 hours later, she said.
The capture of a senior figure in Al Qaeda near here last month has set off a mad and, some say, unseemly scramble.
Canada's economy grew 3.4 percent in 2002.
Traxler votes so often with the conservative majority that court watchers forget he's a Democratic appointee.
Last year she finished 28th on the money list, winning the State Farm Classic.
Ms. Williams questioned the statistics put forward by the plaintiffs' lawyers and by their hired experts, who used computer tapes provided by Wal-Mart to analyze the company's employment practices.
Both Iraqi and American officials have been saying for the last two weeks that Iraq is becoming the focus of the international militant Islamic groups determined to wage war against the West, with hundreds of them pouring into the country.
Governor McGreevey had such issues in mind last month when he established a commission to study the state's general aviation airport system and report back in a year.
Let it be noted that getting Selig and Fehr to work together on anything could be worth the Nobel Peace Prize that Samaranch never quite achieved.
There is good reason for that, and it was demonstrated by what city officials had to do in the weeks before that voyage.
Examine current movements to resegregate public schools in the United States by race or by gender.
''We are a great nation; we're a wealthy nation.
.4:39:24 17815 Birge, R, 42M .
The man revels in his comebacks.
All of which is meant as praise: without him these movies would range from much less interesting than they are to not worth the stock on which they're printed.
Ikea sells a similar pattern, Jutta Ruta, in cotton panels, 57 inches wide by 118 inches long, with tab tops (left, above); $29.99 a pair at Ikea, (800) 434-4532, or www.ikea.com.
If you can't get it done with Jason Kidd. ''
She scampered away from New York and the kind of life that led to big debts and headed to a place where vistas were big and expectations were low -- Lincoln, Neb.
''The cost is enormous for dam repairs,'' he said.
Federal employees generally don't earn as much as private sector workers, but they make that sacrifice for the peace of mind of knowing they will have health coverage in retirement.''
Those pleas remain under court seal.
As it happens, Mr. Beene himself still shows a small collection each season at his showroom, mostly for private clients.
But all the files are encrypted so no one knows what files are on a given machine.
Then, Kurdish and American officials agree, everything went wrong.
''The wording of the requests was such that you couldn't draw any conclusion,'' he said, adding that the S.E.C.
''Since the figure represents a cash payment, it is not clear how much of that is expensed next year,'' Mr. Mitchelson said.
Mason, a junior forward from London, said she was so excited to be in the tournament that the specifics of the matchup were incidental.
For the full fiscal year, Honda's profits grew 17.6 percent.
11 16 EAST OF EDEN, by John Steinbeck.
Either one represents a much more promising future for Guatemala than the symbol of a disgraceful past.
To hell with Tutu and the truth commission.'
In a two-step transaction, Yukos acquired 92 percent of Sibneft, paying its core shareholder, Mr. Abramovich, $3 billion in cash for the first 20 percent of his smaller oil company, and then swapping 26 percent of the combined company for the remaining 72 percent of Sibneft.
''In all those movies, from 'The Front Page' to 'All the President's Men,' it's always there, in the background.''
I was prancing around a museum on Madison Avenue, the Holy See of the advertising industry, surrounded by work explicitly critical of America's consumerism and the power that accrues to its unmatched economy.
Home offices abound and it is not unusual, as one resident said, to devote an entire room to the Christmas tree.
An elderly Russian man relates his story: as a boy, he was conscripted into the army, becoming a sniper and was retained simply because he had the best aim.
Coach HERMAN EDWARDS said he would be pleasantly surprised if cornerback DONNIE ABRAHAM or free safety JON MCGRAW, who are questionable with shoulder injuries, plays on Sunday.
Over the weekend, students will be able to watch races and take advantage of discounted lift tickets at the Dartmouth Skiway and compete in interdormitory snow-sculpture contests.
scouts said they checked out the allegation several months ago, and it proved to be false.
The Rand Institute for Civil Justice, a California research organization, estimates that total claims could grow to as much as $250 billion.
Ashikaga Bank, a local lender in a prefecture north of Tokyo, was taken over by the government after regulatory inspections found that its debt exceeded assets, its capital-adequacy ratio was below zero and auditors rejected the use of tax credits.
While he was there, he met Ornette Coleman, one of his idols, who suggested that Mr. Lowe move to New York.
I would feel terrible if they'd added guitars, you know, tried to modernize it: I would hate that!''
''The states are themselves affected purchasers,'' said Gary Reback, an antitrust lawyer with Carr & Ferrell who is working with PeopleSoft.
Isma'il Muhammad again excelled off the bench, making all seven of his shots in scoring 16 points.
's phrase, away from a strategy of annihilation and back toward a strategy of peace.''
Contrast that with the United States, where transferring a phone number from one carrier to another -- under new rules that went into effect on Monday -- is supposed to take only two and a half hours.
Outside her window, high clouds raced by.
In January, the association sued the Federal Trade Commission, which is working with the F.C.C.
More than one million cans of spray foam sold as toys, generally to children, are being recalled because some have exploded in use.
Set in 19th-century Australia, this beguiling novel celebrates a young dreamer who is convinced he can build a flying machine.
New Hampshire adopted a continuing resolution on Monday, allowing the state to keep operating for three months as lawmakers and the governor wrangle over the state's proposed $8.8 billion two-year budget.
Though not entirely unexpected, the statement helped push up a stock market that was already climbing in anticipation of more giant mergers like the one announced on Monday between FleetBoston Financial and Bank of America.
The Interior Ministry had moved under Mr. Abbas's control.
Though the loss of life was shocking, the basic ingredients, including crammed conditions and a crowd rushing out of control, recalled for many their own brushes in other clubs and other cities.
According to relatives and other young people gathered on City Island last night, Mr. Wertenbaker is a student at the Bronx High School of Science, and the three other boys attend Humanities Preparatory Academy in Manhattan.
Made creamily with Gruyère and Parmesan cheeses and truffles, it was sizable enough to double as a light entree.
Interment at Calverton National Cemetery.
They try to master what they call a consort, which is a set of instruments ranging in size and depth of timbre.
Rather, it is simply making the promise never to build there.
Smoking cigars, one becomes very contemplative.''
''Nothing is a complete solution.''
At a popular restaurant, Love and War in Texas, patrons who wish to order beer or wine or a mixed drink are carded and given an ''Application for Preliminary Membership.''
''It's something of a shock to see it associated with handcuffs.''
''It's been a really hard three years for all of us, and this news hit hard, really hard,'' said Carly Fadako, 21, who returned from a basketball game with one of the victims hours before the fire broke out.
In some instances you can take a secondary location that is not necessarily highly visible because if the marketing is good and you have a product that is exciting they will find you.''
With a troop of photographers trailing him, L. Dennis Kozlowski walked into State Supreme Court in downtown Manhattan yesterday wearing a tan and a defiant face for the first day of jury selection in his legal battle against charges that he looted Tyco International and investors of $600 million.
But with the Sunday forecast calling for wind and rain and the risk-reward nature of Sawgrass's challenging layout, the final round could be one of the year's most difficult, and one of the most exciting.
Her reinvention is merely a ploy for mainstream success, right?
There are no closets, and the one bathroom lacks a sink, but there are four distinct rooms in this little tenement flat, and the rent is just $930.78.
But there is also a sense here now that Germany is failing in the competitive international economy and that something needs to be done.
A third ally is a pirate himself: Jack Sparrow (Mr. Depp), a jaunty rapscallion with too much eye makeup and a tauntingly fey manner that would earn him a beheading if he weren't so, well, Johnny Depp.
''Well obviously, we think ours is higher quality,'' said Bill Nash, a spokesman for Seminis.
Chief Esposito was explaining to Judge Barbara S. Jones of Federal District Court in Manhattan why the city did not want to let antiwar protesters march past the United Nations, or anywhere else, during a large demonstration planned for Saturday.
Back in Yaletown (by way of the return ferry), the two streets of the area's old factory and warehouse district -- Mainland and Hamilton -- are lined with one-of-a-kind shops.
He graduated from Northwestern and received a law degree from Boston College, magna cum laude.
I resigned myself to the stark reality that our disposable income would not be spent on a Swedish sport-utility vehicle with a V-6 turbo engine after all.
Saute mushrooms and red onions with thyme sprigs, stirring frequently, until mushrooms are caramelized, about 7 minutes.
Tschumi has often used red as a signature motif, a tiresome branding exercise.
''We always hear about pilots dropping bombs,'' said Eric Schoenhals, 22, a ship security officer who watched the strikes with about 20 others in the enlisted crew members' quarters.
Bloom (27.33) and Dawson (27.22) fell to second and third, and Mayer was bumped to fourth.
But if campaigns in bigger political arenas often hinge on money, advertising and spin, gritty local contests like those in the newly reapportioned Suffolk Legislature require candidates to show up at the voter's front door.
Mr. Larsen said Mr. David felt that the tone of the e-mail was ''not appropriate,'' and that the request was ''out of order.''
He was, in other words, at his best, and the orchestra rose to the occasion, with individual sections and soloists turning in fine performances.
has to be looking at the Browns and wondering, ''How on earth did they get to the playoffs and not us?''
Prostitution, though illegal, is common in China and often practiced openly in tourist hotels.
Dr. Grifo said the twin fetuses that died in the experiment had no evidence of genetic defects or other problems from the technique.
AirTran is also introducing flights between Atlanta and both Denver and Las Vegas this summer.
Among people still looking for work, the average length of unemployment increased to 19.6 weeks in April, the longest since 1984.
''When the time comes, we'll talk about it,'' Piazza said.
Comptroller William C. Thompson Jr. has suggested imposing strict timetables and charging the city penalties for failure to meet them.
''Unlike other professionals, we are in a business over which we have no control over fees,'' he said, referring to the insurance companies and government agencies that reimburse for medical services.
American forces came under scattered attacks again today, with two soldiers missing and one killed in a series of ambushes in and around Baghdad.
Short on backstage tales, back lot insight or real reflection on what it means to be a revered woman, but long on sentimental personal trauma and familiar invective about the culture of Hollywood, the show portrays Ms. Hepburn, who is now 95, as not very interesting, merely famous (2:00) Promenade Theater, 2162 Broadway, at 76th Street, (212) 239-6200.
She served as the Executive Director of the American Ethical Union and as admnistrator of the Humanist Institute.
After all, Haring, who developed AIDS in his late 20's, was defiantly and prodigiously productive in the two years before he died at 30 in 1990.
The hip-hop impresario Russell Simmons filed a complaint in Federal District Court in Manhattan yesterday saying that he was unfairly singled out by a government agency for his outspokenness against the state's Rockefeller-era drug laws.
The day began ordinarily enough.
Under the compromise, no tobacco money could be used until a budget was passed, putting pressure on the governor to work toward an overall budget solution because the state will run out of cash by May and needs the borrowing revenues to keep government operating.
The bodies were found in Guarenas, 18 miles from Caracas, said César Hernández, chief of the forensics homicide division.
Following the lead of countries like Italy and Sweden, Scotland is debating whether it should offer would-be parents large tax breaks or stipends.
If the current California recall imbroglio involved ousting a Republican governor, it is hard to imagine the Democrats parting the sea and allowing someone like Arnold Schwarzenegger to dominate the field of candidates.
They said they were unaware of his role as a go-between with Iraq when they charged him under a sealed complaint in May.
was eventually able to unload it, and often did so at a profit.
When Siemens VDO Automotive, in partnership with BMW, built a prototype camless engine four years ago, it came up with a three-part system.
Since the state took over the cleaning and maintenance, Justice McCabe said, the buildings have begun to sparkle.
While his original proposal to build more than 100 apartments on eight acres of land along Route 9A was rejected by the village's planning board, his new plan to include 20 art studios was much better received by town officials.
He asked ABC News to produce a feature on the controversy, which it did.
Despite the visibility of Mr. Sadr's followers, there is some debate about the extent of his actual influence among Shiites, many of whom follow more moderate religious leaders.
On Jan. 10, eight days after the body was uncovered, investigators seized a van at the Barefoot home, according to the warrant.
As a crowd gathered for the noisy funeral procession, Mr. Saud's wife, Nawal, took a megaphone and issued a challenge to Israel's prime minister, Ariel Sharon.
''There will be beautiful views of the Hudson River.''
Veteran guidance counselors in wealthy suburbs, like Bob Sweeney of Mamaroneck High, a Westchester County school that sends 5 percent of its seniors to the Ivy League, wonder how long things can continue at this pace.
Arthur power station: two shooters.
His typically slow, behind-the-beat cadence of speech quickened, and recreating the moment when the horses come thundering out of the gate, he rose halfway out of his seat and yelled: ''Yah!
The initial offer valued Gjensidige, the No.
Our landlord owns a building up the street whose tenants have had the same trouble we have had in getting repairs.
After standing alongside closer Armando Benitez at a pregame awards ceremony yesterday, Howe had to defend him afterward.
In two seasons, the Redskins averaged 18.6 points, which was ranked 28th out of the 32 teams.
Dust storms in the region, even the most potent, start with a series of largely invisible steps.
It also outlines dietary and exercise plans and shows readers how to monitor their medications and insulin levels.
There's so much to do up here.
The hope has been that new entrants would gain market share by building networks of their own, and, with some help from regulators, by gaining access to existing lines at reasonable cost.
Now, the e-commerce companies that have been finding success in sporting goods are watching to see whether Amazon emerges as competitor, a partner or both.
''I thought it was just going to be a big sales thing,'' she recalled.
The federation said it supported efforts to disarm Iraq but added, ''This is best achieved in concert with a broad international coalition of allies and with the sanction of the United Nations.''
In fact, many musicians offer free downloads of their songs on their Web sites to market themselves.
One of the movie's high points is his stirring performance of ''When Something Is Wrong With My Baby.''
When asked what he needed to do to change providers, Mr. Wasow said, ''I have no idea -- I assume I just call Sprint.''
I know if I got that chance, I wouldn't disappoint.
But a mass exodus or even a noticeable trend?
Voicebank.net, which started up about three years ago, has 10,000 demo reels and 66 agencies at its basic search site.
In an earlier case, reported in 1998 in The New England Journal, two fraternal twins conceived via I.V.F.
He made a reference to Mr. Buchwald: ''I sometimes refer to he and I and MIKE WALLACE as the Blues Brothers -- we've all suffered the hard beats of clinical depression.''
Suggested admission, $5; $1 for children under 12.
Dawkins, a seven-year veteran who was a first-team All-Pro last season, led the Eagles with a career-high 131 tackles.
And when he called the Nuzums to ask for their blessing on his marriage proposal, Mr. and Mrs. Nuzum agreed -- but not before Mrs. Nuzum reminded him of the role she had played.
LEONARD--Eason H. The partners of Pei Cobb Freed & Partners mourn the passing of Eason H. Leonard, founding partner of I.M.
''This war is not coming from the council of heaven, it is coming from a council on earth that has not checked with God about their deeper motivations.''
They begged rides from strangers.
Night after night she came into my bedroom, her face flushed with excitement, and flopped down on my bed.
It is perfectly appropriate for NASA and its contractors to take the lead in analyzing the technical failure.
Just forget about sunny, O.K.?
While Pentagon officials dismiss paramilitaries as a nuisance and a perversion of the rules of war, paramilitary forces are increasing the world over and will continue to pose challenges to American interests.
TOONTOWN Developed by Disney's virtual reality studio and published by Disney Online; downloadable at no cost at play.toontown.com; subscription costs $9.95 per month; for all ages.
But the Orchestra of St. Luke's sounded very good, and the chorus surged in with a will when it got a chance, at one point nearly drowning out Ms. Guleghina as very hearty offstage monks.
One person who had worked with Mr. Medina and Ms. Lopez from the beginning wondered aloud whether the split had anything to do with the fact that, for the first time in five years, Mr. Medina had not been on the set, while Ms. Lopez was making the movie ''An Unfinished Life'' in Canada this past spring.
''Let your voices be heard.''
They say they cannot compete with cheap Chinese imports.
The planned new building will have 55,000 square feet, and the plan for the building and the entire site still awaits the approval of the township's planning board.
With a flicker of a grin, Lisa says, ''I must have been asleep when you said that.''
Mr. Hussein, he said, had built a strong Iraq that had made its people proud; he had been ''cruel,'' but only as far as he needed to be to maintain ''security.''
A spokesman for Mr. McGreevey, Micah Rasmussen, said the moves at the agency were a sign that the changes that the governor had promised were being implemented.
He has told friends and family members that he and Mr. Black were struggling over the gun when it went off.
Dr. Kamer also suggested that the residential real estate market on Long Island would level off in the year ahead.
Records of the New York State Department of Motor Vehicles indicate that he has had a commercial driver's license since 1999, and that he has received only one summons, apparently for running a red light in Steuben County in 2000, for which he paid a $75 fine.
He also accused Mr. Gore and Dr. Dean of wanting to take the party back to a time when it was ''too often in the political wilderness.''
Proceeds from all performances go to college funds for needy American Indian students.
The result, he added, is that ''you don't really believe the advertising anymore.''
Two men ran, holding their bleeding sides, and a woman carried a bleeding child in her arms.
Roach added, though, that Tyson's famous bob-and-weave style had been compromised by the back pain.
A former Parcells pupil, Tom Coughlin, who was fired on Monday as Jacksonville's coach, may rejoin him.
record by going 0 for 0.
''We would have liked the Legislature to do more with spending cuts and state employee concessions,'' he said.
His father, Peter Chimos, 58, as reserved as his son is outgoing, sat and listened.
''Generally in markets around the world, access is very limited,'' Professor Rajan explains.
When I told the woman the price, she asked whether it was negotiable.
''If you have the right sounds and your script is good, you can imply anything without having to worry about visual effects or convincing visuals,'' Dr. Margolin said.
In addition, the militias have not been trained for policing and may be prone to use force inappropriately.
The injured officer, John E. Schramm, 41, a 16-year veteran of the small Washington Township Police Department and a father of five, was in serious condition at St. Luke's Hospital and Health Network in Bethlehem, Pa.
; Paul Redmond, former chief of counterintelligence at the C.I.A.
I also took a look at another rental that had tempted me, two cottages nestled in a taro patch along the Hanalei River that each rented for $85 a night (go to www.hanaleivalley.kauaistyle.com).
Wholesale prices rose in February for a second consecutive month, led by the greatest surge in energy costs since the buildup to the Persian Gulf war in 1990, a Labor Department report said today.
The results would have gladdened the heart of any recruiter: ''Strong,'' ''bravery,'' ''proud to be an American,'' ''service,'' ''Bush,'' ''really hard workouts'' and ''heroes.''
Under the governor's proposal, the state budget next year would fall to $62.8 billion from the current year's $75.5 billion, marking the third straight year of declining state spending.
Researchers are finding that emotions arise from body states as well as brain states, confirming that the supposed distinction between mind and body is illusory.
Darrell May, a Kansas City Royals pitcher and a teammate of Matsui's in Japan, said Matsui came well-prepared for the spotlight.
But Ms. Marra said her group had heard from at least 30 communities all over the country that planned to hold their own family nights, and has set up its own Web site, www .readysetrelax.org, to help them.
Stephenson, who has 16 L.P.G.A.
.3:48:53 5211 Eberhard, H, 36M .
The cause was pancreatic cancer, said Dr. Jeffrey Elman, a close friend and a colleague at the University of California, San Diego.
''You catch on pretty quickly,'' he said.
Newark Airport is experiencing minor overcrowding.
At 10 stories, he added, it is among the tallest structures in the area, and its apartments have views of the East River and Manhattan.
''This one guy was very rude and very arrogant,'' said Keli Delamori, a video camerman with V & P News Service, a company in Long Island City, Queens.
Al Sharpton is a perfect example.
Their refrain to passersby and a crowd of the highest-ranking law enforcement officials in the state, was ''What are you going to do?''
Spring rolls and salad rolls on white tablecloths, you ask?
Geoff Wardle, of the Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, Calif., one of America's top automotive design schools, suggests that the shape of the Chinese car will depend largely on who brings it in and how it is sold.
The other teams have had a total of 71 owners or ownership groups, and the Yankees have had none.
Mike Cameron, the free-agent center fielder who agreed to a three-year, $19.5 million contract with the Mets last week, passed his physical and will be introduced at a Shea Stadium news conference this afternoon.
He added, ''I wish I could tell you that we had it all under control, but we don't.''
''It's a nice space,'' Mr. Xydous said.
When someone told Gary Bettman that 20 All-Stars had commented about the varying standards applied to the rules, Campbell quipped, ''Who are the 20 players?''
But such is life when a new road is used by local residents mainly for walking, not driving.
Zack Rosen was a creator of DeanSpace, ''the revolution itself.''
Because their relationship is on the rocks, Alex's scheme is partly a jealous lover's effort to spy on Alison and partly a bid to woo her back.
He had spent 19 years there on charges of raping a white woman in a field just outside his hometown, Houma, and he was supposed to remain there for the rest of his life.
The trustees and staff of the Herbert F. Johnson Museum of Art, Cornell University, mourn the passing of Jay Bennett.
Brightly hued cashmere travel wraps by White & Warren can help plane pals spot each other in a bustling airport.
When he came to Tampa to start hitting, the pain returned.
also plans to ask Tyco to move its headquarters back to the United States so its shareholders will be fully protected by United States corporate law.
Lisi is a creative right-footed player (I only use my left foot to walk on) who has a good first touch.
This is the largest single release of any film ever.
If, as these people say, the New York rat problem has returned, city health officials say it is as much an image problem as an infestation problem.
''It wouldn't be right if I was to come back, go right back to the team and be starting and doing everything like that,'' Abraham said.
Past Master of the Sea Gate Lodge.
''Shortly I will issue an order on measures to extirpate Baathists and Baathism in Iraq forever,'' he said.
''In certain terms, it was very upsetting because he was one of the people our marketing department put in the forefront,'' Kersey said.
In some programs the attrition rate is as high as 25 percent; and practicing surgeons are retiring earlier than ever or undertaking new careers.
Admission: $10 for adults; students and 62+, $7.50; children 2 to 4 and 6 to 12, $4; 5-year-olds and children under 2, free (to celebrate the fifth anniversary of the Everett Children's Garden).
The large-format photographs in this New York artist's first local show since 1996 were inspired by Marguerite Yourcenar's fictional autobiography of the aging Roman emperor.
Yet is not Helena as deceitful as she may be divine?
But there is one notable difference in design, and it is a strange one.
''We wanted to expose our kids to something more meaningful.''
Sunday, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.
In addition, the company said Brad Irwin, who was president of Mott's, was appointed the United States president of Cadbury Schweppes' Americas Confectionery division.
Her new assemblages at Kraushaar include cut-up parts of her old piano, a beloved but defunct family heirloom (Johnson).
James E. McGreevey of New Jersey, said he was willing to take up the mayor's challenge, calling such report cards ''an opportunity to set forth one's successes and one's failures.''
So recipients are usually dependent on their own areas to produce the organs they need.
He was onto something (hygiene) but lacked people skills.
Reagan, who came to politics from television, had the letter-writing habit of his generation.
It was the idea of dinner in the car that was the deal breaker; she likes a family meal around the table.
A third factor involves possible pelvic injury that can result in urinary or fecal incontinence, complications that are more likely to follow a vaginal delivery.
It would also increase individuals' choice of providers and portability.
AN INJURY TO ONE Written, directed, edited and narrated by Travis Wilkerson; director of photography, Mr. Wilkerson; produced by Susan Fink; released by First Run/Icarus Films.
IF you think the sound of your alarm clock is annoying, you should hear Barry Honig's.
BOBO, I wish you can come down and tickle me.
From a distance, it could seem that she was trying too hard, friends said.
The comments on Rutgers, in Michael Sokolove's article (Dec. 22), might have included mention of the fact that Paul Robeson was the first Rutgers football player to be named all-American -- twice.
Since that time, Ms. Evans-Page, who is African-American, has been promoted about every year or 18 months to increasingly prominent sales and marketing positions.
The beets, the turnips and the Swiss chard are booming.
The United States still has about 138,000 troops in Iraq, and Britain and Poland also have significant forces there.
; Advance registration fee, $20; members, $14; members 19 and under and 62+ , $10.
''They cannot afford to say no to the Egyptians -- it's embarrassing,'' this official said.
Inquiries to Vienna produced an e-mail response from Prof. Wolfgang Schuster, press officer of the Vienna Philharmonic: ''Mr.
Fauviau, 43, is awaiting trial in a jail in Mont-de-Marsan while the police determine if there are other victims and while residents of this town in southwestern France ponder the extremes of parental involvement in youth sports.
There, wrapped snugly in my down sleeping bag, I luxuriated in the slow motion of the ferry, the sunshine and the endless parade of icebergs, each one sculpted and shining like crystal.
The investment paid off: Chinese diplomats who visited the zoo's new installation were impressed by the concern for authenticity, zoo officials said.
Ms. Beagles, in a forest green Prada dress with white trim on the collar, was as stately and elegant as the trees surrounding the lawn.
Justice Verniero, 44, said he wanted to earn more money as his children approach college.
The audacious thief was apparently not only brazen enough to confiscate Dali's sketchy rendering of Christ on the cross from a locked display case in the lobby of the men's jail, but he or she also managed to leave behind a schlocky, B-rate copy that at least three correction officers were puzzled to find upon reporting to work yesterday morning.
''We know we're not playing our best,'' Jason Kidd said.
On Tuesday night, while trying to get some much-needed shut-eye, he said, he was awakened by a phone call from a group of giggling sorority girls in Nebraska.
.5:31:20 29179 Wolf, L, 34F .
Spanish officials reacted angrily to a broadcast by the Basque public television station Euskal Irrati Telebista that showed three hooded members of the violent Basque separatist group E.T.A.
Labor unions have already lined up considerable support within Congress for this campaign, with more than a dozen House members agreeing to form a Congressional Workers Rights Caucus.
Totality lasts about 55 minutes.
''But the problem with health care is you just never know what's going to happen to you.''
Clarett, a sophomore, had been under investigation by Ohio State and the National Collegiate Athletic Association after accusations arose concerning his academic performance and his admitted overstatement of the value of items he reported were stolen from a car borrowed from a local auto dealer.
Mr. Dove said the highlight of his career was giving advice to Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist as he presided over President Bill Clinton's impeachment trial.
She finished with a reverence for Winged Foot, which in 2006 will be the site of the United States Open for the fifth time.
Indeed Ms. Manji is a product of the expanding diversity encouraged by Canada's immigration policy.
But in the highly charged climate it was seen as a slap at the Democrats who were just outside, preparing a triumphant re-entry.
The transaction is being reviewed by European antitrust authorities.
They use the heart of celery, and everyone throws that bit away.
Unless I can then teach someone a lesson in quantum mechanics.
HIP's move would be a rare bit of good news for Lower Manhattan.
The Wright house, built onto a rock outcropping, makes her feel ''connected to the earth,'' she said, adding, ''As a widow I need that grounding energy.''
Caring father of Diane and Mark.
We are seeing the legal process proceeding in an orderly manner.
If wrapped in foil, it will remain moist and flaky.
Are these two nations fated never to understand each other, then?
Grant F. Winthrop, President Board of Trustees Dorothy A. Hutcheson Head of School FISHER-M. Anthony and Anne.
The unofficial winning time was 18 minutes 6 seconds.
A physician's program for finding one's ideal weight and maintaining it.
And while the circulation of its weekly edition -- published on Mondays in addition to its daily edition ---- grew 2.4 percent to 35,904, the readership of its weekly edition is smaller than that of The Reporter's.
''I love how stoic I look,'' she said, fingering the edge of the picture.
Meanwhile, in July, five police officers were arrested on charges of shaking down cantina owners for protection money and providing warnings of raids for prostitution and other criminal activities.
A limited number of $26.25 student rush tickets are available at the box office on the day of the show (Brantley).
TULANE--Named Christy Thieler women's assistant basketball coach.
George Bush, builder Dear George, I would just like to say how much I hate you.
''He took his wife and child and fled long ago,'' Mr. Sultan said.
will soon consider a proposal to end late trading by setting what it has called a ''hard 4 o'clock cutoff,'' after which any purchase or sale orders would be priced the next day.
(If interest rates should stop falling, home refinancing, which has recently been a principal source of more money for consumers, will be less attractive.)
In addition, he said, bookstores have far less patience with many titles than they used to.
Southwest Airlines, the giant among the low-fare carriers, reported 1.9 percent more passengers.
The cast includes Dominique Sanda, Helmut Berger and Lino Capolicchio -- Friday at 12:45 p.m. and Saturday at 10 a.m. on IFC.
''Increased incarceration drives down crime levels, but that's mostly a function of incapacitation,'' he said, referring to the effect of keeping given criminals off the street rather than scaring potential criminals with harsh punishments.
''Sometimes there are 40 or 50 people back there.
Beloved mother of Austin III and his wife Pam, Brian and his wife Shannon and Kevin.
As we begin the debate over how much authority the United States should cede to the United Nations in restructuring Iraq, one area should produce quick agreement: American officials should return responsibility for finding out whether Iraq has weapons of mass destruction to the United Nations.
Dr. Dean said he would rewrite the global rules.
The newspaper wrote about 15 women who had claimed that Mr. Schwarzenegger groped them or sexually humiliated them.
''If we are not searched, or don't react to a strange person, a strange sound, then it would be forgetting about 9/11,'' he said.
Home Depot said it earned $686 million in the fourth quarter, ended Feb. 2, down from $710 million a year earlier.
It came soon after Chris Simcox, who is known to pack a pistol and to advocate establishing militias to ''protect'' neighborhoods from immigrants, appeared at the invitation of the Sachem Quality of Life Organization, a local anti-immigrant group, to speak to its annual conference.
Mr. Canini lived at the center of a sprawl of relatives.
Aviation security has undergone major changes since Sept. 11, 2001, when 19 hijackers, some using box cutters, commandeered four planes and killed thousands.
When he spied a branch covered with reddish pink flowers on one shrub, he at first thought it was a trick of the eye.
With faith, the weak become strong, the selfish become altruistic, and rage turns to conviction.
''You can't ignore the fact that this would be an monumental expense for the county,'' Mr. Steets said.
One of them, the only child left in the local orphanage, dreams that a band of angels have come to town, and he tries to persuade them to take him away with them.
Mr. Street was to appear on Friday in an episode of the show, which is filmed in Philadelphia.
''Power Failure: The Inside Story of the Collapse of Enron'' (Doubleday, $26), by Mimi Swartz with Ms. Watkins, tries to do more with less; only the last 80 pages or so describe the effort to understand and later to undo the financial games played by top Enron executives.
But Mr. Kirchner, 53, will take office on Sunday with the country's future still clouded, Argentines' faith in institutions and leaders shattered and the deeper moral malaise that underlies and fuels the crisis very much intact.
One witness, a mayoral aide and occasional driver, testified on Wednesday about a stain on the driver's seat in Mr. Giordano's city-owned car that prompted his staff to get it carefully cleaned ''inside and out.''
Nell Minow, director of the Corporate Library, a research organization in Portland, Me., said that chief executives get credit for strong management when stock prices rise, but that directors often do not hold them accountable when the stock drops.
''Some of our kids get a can of spaghetti for dinner and on special occasions they get meatballs,'' Ms. Hiscock said.
For those with limited means, give grants and tuition remission.
He added: ''You've always been compensated.
He was a strong supporter of Penney's investment in Treasure Island, a discount chain that experimented with many trends in retailing but lost a considerable amount of money before Penney discontinued it in the 1980's.
Attorney General John Ashcroft hailed the arrests as ''a significant victory against the purveyors of illegal drugs, death and violence,'' and officials said they believed that the arrests could cripple major cocaine operations in Arizona, the Northeast and Southern California.
Even if Pennington gets rid of the ball quickly, he faces a secondary led by the lock-down corners Troy Vincent and Bobby Taylor.
These days, traditional fall sports like soccer are played in the spring too.
''My daughter comes home with old schoolbooks,'' copyright in the mid-1990's, she said.
She reminded him that in a big city, you don't walk alone at midnight.
Dr. Patterson forever will be remembered for his outstanding clinical expertise and his extraordinary commitment to the education of physicians in the diagnosis and treatment of heart disease.
Those campaigns changed the routine in doctors' offices, said Edward L. Wristen, president of the First Health Group, a managed care company that has its own drug-plan management unit.
Russians, cynical from the economic chaos of the past decade and the force-fed politics of Soviet times, scorn activism as pathetically naïve.
''But we decided to go to a virtual design team.''
Mr. Frampton is forever linked with a gizmo called the talkbox, an unlikely-looking device that creates the effect of a ''talking'' musical instrument.
Katharine Hepburn, the actress whose independent life and strong-willed movie characters made her a role model for generations of women and a beloved heroine to filmgoers for more than 60 years, died yesterday at her home in the Fenwick section of Old Saybrook, Conn. She was 96 and also had a home in Manhattan.
[flight control operations handbook] contingency plan procedure.
A 2-year-old girl was killed and her mother critically injured after the child's aunt drove over the two in a strip mall parking lot here this afternoon, the police said.
Originally, the shopping center was typical of the strip malls that grew up along roads like Central Park Avenue after World War II, as more people moved to the suburbs, said Malachy Kavanagh, a spokesman for the International Council of Shopping Centers, a trade organization based in Manhattan.
They live about 200 miles apart -- Fiennes near Exeter, Stroud near London -- but bar bets and dares have fueled their friendship.
Mr. Simeone admitted that the judges weren't certified meat tasters but culled from friends and about 100 applicants who liked to eat but didn't have any particular culinary savvy.
''There are definitely disagreements about publicizing it,'' one especially outspoken (or ''hot'') messianist told me, ''but I think everybody agrees that the rebbe is moshiach.''
f4 27 gf Ng6 28 fg Nf4 29 Qf1 fg 30 dc Rd1 31 Qd1 Qc6.
UPSTAIRS AT JACK ROSE, 771 Eighth Avenue, at 47th Street, Clinton, (212) 247-7518.
The flames, whipped by high winds, soon spread to the house next door at 95-19 77th Street, Mr. Calise said.
A court in Paris ruled that three photographers did not break privacy laws when they took pictures of Diana, Princess of Wales, and her boyfriend, Dodi al-Fayed, on the night of their fatal car crash in August 1997.
He asked Lolli to bring Nina to visit, but the prison was too far and money too tight.
The only way to put a halt to the North Korean government's deceptiveness and prevent it from seriously threatening Americans is through force that is both swift and powerful.
Franklin Graham gave the prayer at W.'s inaugural.
Nancy Robin (Kathryn Meisle) has just moved into a spiffy neighborhood with her husband, and she has just had her first child.
When I'm not out there, I think my team needs me.''
And for this, I think we need a deeper engagement with Freud than Margalit's passing references to catharsis and to unconscious memories.
Each oven has a different purpose, and a different name: simmering, roasting, baking and warming ovens.
Voters in Yonkers go to the polls tomorrow to choose the candidates who will face each other in the November general election to replace Mayor Spencer, a Republican who is barred by term limits from seeking a third term.
Windsurfing toward a beach in Kenya for a tryst with a soon-to-be-married woman, ''Joe Shelby was jubilant, as if the wind and the sun were finally chasing away the recurrent dreams and memories of burned villages, spread-eagled corpses.
There are two feet of clearance between the train's underbelly and the bottom of the trough, said the chief spokesman for New York City Transit, Paul Fleuranges.
To the Editor: ''Talking Up a Drug for This (and That)'' (April 27) described how virtually all sales of the drug Actimmune were for an unapproved use: treating idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
He has a kindly, imploring voice that can take on a steely core.
The problem, Professor Duane said, is that most Southern Californians do not live in new developments like Stevenson Ranch and Porter Ranch.
Their Indianness is not a real factor; but if we take it away, and do the same with the other less successful stories, the collection loses shapeliness, becomes a mixture of middling tales lacking, again, a theme.
Loving father to Neil, Chris and daughter-inlaw Stephanie.
And custard tarts, like the marvelous version served at Victoria City Seafood in central Hong Kong (more about it later), combine flaky European pastry with a smooth and creamy Chinese filling.
And though players enjoyed the first-round conditions, they also knew that one windy day could change everything.
''The theme for us is, 'What does the customer want?'
How quickly can you rise from a chair?
Naturally, all the parents on the committee wanted to hear the story.
''I didn't notice them while I was playing, but when I saw them afterward, I had a little bit of hope that Jodie might like me,'' he said.
Because of the manner in which the buildings are massed and the way their heights are staggered, at least 80 percent of the apartments have at least partial river views, he said.
–What general characteristics, beliefs, holidays, etc.
The Bruins, however, hold three games in hand.
Mr. Appel began writing sitcoms.
''Knowing that coming into the game, you want to capitalize on it.''
Alice Green, a careful and peacemaking child, pines for her mother, Charlotte, a capricious world traveler who disappears for extended and dubious ''projects'' around the globe.
''But I couldn't act on it,'' he said.
But for some Singaporeans, the determination of the Chinese to succeed, and their increasing mobility, represents a threat.
In return, these critics say, consumers get little or no additional warranty protection.
Three British soldiers were killed.
And while Mr. MacLachlan and Mr. Stewart have isolated moments of dramatic strength, their performances are largely one-note.
Rabbi Balkany, 57, may be better known in Washington than he is in New York City.
To watch this hyperelegant production, which stars Antonio Banderas in his Broadway debut, is like flipping through a Diana Vreeland-era Vogue.
The visiting Wolverines used stifling defense to post their longest winning streak since they won 12 straight in 1992-93.
Up till now the Liberty have practiced at a number of less lavish places.
Claims against Bendix would be channeled into the trust, possibly freeing Honeywell from liability.
''It makes the department look good,'' Mr. Wright said.
The bear, she added, ''does it in a way you couldn't do with real people.''
''Our belief was that it was critically important to the country, the program should be continued, could be corrected,'' he said.
The warnings have grown louder as an American-backed peace plan has deflated here over the last two weeks.
Suspecting that Mr. Farr was an informer, the Banks lawyers included such an allegation in their habeas corpus petition, to which the state responded by denying all allegations in the 145-page petition.
In fact, the shave was part of his disguise.
Californians have reason to be angry.
Oil companies, industry executives and experts say, will be reluctant to invest in Iraq unless they have a wide range of guarantees.
The report says that the subsidies given to American corn farmers allow them to sell their grain at prices far below what it costs to produce.
Rooms start at $99 (single or double); the camp itself is $265; (603) 219-3590, www.massabda.org.
They played regularly as an electric blues/rhythm-and-blues act at the 708 Club and other places on the rough-and-tumble South Side.
In the past, it took the team an hour and a half to launch its yachts each morning.
''I'll still be on a mission,'' he said when asked whether he was disappointed to no longer be working for Toyota Motor at the Saatchi & Saatchi office.
He died at 3:27 p.m. Sunday.
''America needs to protect itself from terrorists, and people's sense of safety will be a campaign issue,'' said Wanda Kountz, the town secretary, who also works at Ida's.
Ms. Goldberg and her executive producers, a brain trust that includes the makers of ''The Cosby Show'' and ''Roseanne,'' want to restore the moral authority of the sitcom when the Bunkers and the Huxtables were at their height, in those halcyon days before reality shows kidnapped the public's attention.
From the outset I thought that a viable solution to the ground zero problem could come only from a world of architectural thought beyond the orthodoxies of mainstream modernism.
Her staying power is there.
At Darwinian Poetry (www.codeasart.com/poetry/darwin.html), they all do.
This carefully chosen language might arguably leave room to restrict proselytizing -- as, for example, do similar laws in India and Israel -- but it nonetheless guarantees individual expression as an inviolable right.
.5:18:00 27070 Baer, W, 49M .
Turkey's prime minister and the president of the Greek sector of Cyprus called today for new talks on an abandoned United Nations peace plan to unite Cyprus.
This turn of the art fashion wheel is generating an interest in all kinds of underexplored terrain, and if Mr. Currin's show did nothing more than point young artists in the direction of Rosso Fiorentino's ''Dead Christ With Angels'' (1524), it will have done a valuable thing.
And for many Shiites, Ayatollah Khomeini's power still inspires a network of young Iraqi firebrands for an Islamic state.
The Navy is one such institution experts cite, instilling a culture that urges everyone on a ship to be aware and report things that are awry, no matter how inconsequential.
Mr. Acquaviva said that the first one he used was underpowered but that a replacement was ''performing much better'' in lab tests.
They didn't need a credit report to decide whether to give you a loan.
When the couple first bought the merry-go-round, they were looking for a graceful amenity to adorn a planned development, including a marina and a shopping complex.
Nascar's season runs from February until November, so the organization did not have the benefit of a long off-season to find another sponsor.
Even so, socialism figured as one element of the 1963 march, and not a small one, either.
Robert Fleming usually arrives at the Orchard Beach picnic area at 7 a.m. on Memorial Day to ensure that he and his family get the grill they have always used, the one next to a big stone poking up out of the grass.
Entering the meteorite hall, one is drawn to the platform where Ahnighito (pronounced ah-nah-HEET-o) rests.
Lockheed said net income rose to $250 million, or 55 cents a share, from $218 million, or 49 cents, a year earlier.
In the 1980's, Ms. Ovesey began to work almost exclusively with Capezio, a maker of dance apparel.
The Americans might not like to have any rules.
(AP) TENNIS Clijsters and Mauresmo in Final Kim Clijsters rallied from a set down and a 3-2 deficit in the third set to beat an injured Jennifer Capriati, 4-6, 6-3, 6-0, in a WTA Championships semifinal yesterday in Los Angeles.
''This is the final year of instant replay, and as a committee we felt that any modifications of replay should come next year when and if replay is renewed,'' McKay said.
A game like Max Payne or Enter the Matrix or Grand Theft Auto may depend heavily upon simulated violence, but the object of the game is to make the story tell itself.
So we had to invent the whole thing.''
George E. Pataki's campaign team declined to participate in a round-table discussion of the 2002 governor's race at the Robert F. Wagner Graduate School of Public Service at New York University, causing the school to cancel the Jan. 24 event, its organizers said yesterday.
Carol Bowie, director of governance research services at the Investor Responsibility Research Center in Washington, said that the Siebel settlement represented a shift in the balance of power between executives and investors.
And it is hard to predict the future even where it concerns DVD's, let alone downloading off the Internet.
It must be checked into the cargo hold, I was informed.
It was replenished throughout the evening and yes, at meal's end, we asked for a doggie bag for the leftover bread (a first).
''They are probably out there unconscious or something, but God knows where,'' she said.
Packed with details of contemporary life in Brooklyn and Lower Manhattan, ''Heart, You Bully, You Punk'' is a lively, thoughtful pleasure.
It is all part of a greater concern Howe has with his inexperienced, undermanned team.
Counterculture is hardly a word that springs to one's lips in conversation these days in any context, much less when talking about fashion.
Al Stevenson, a manager of the bar, acknowledged that it would be more work to allow smoking now, only to prohibit it again in July, when the state ban kicks in.
Canadians love American movies and Disney World vacations, and their economy relies heavily on exports south of their border.
For nearly half a century its prime goal was to deter the Soviet Union and, should deterrence fail, to fight what was commonly referred to as World War III.
Change to the Daishi Line and go three stops to Kawasaki Daishi Station.
''It's a daunting task to find something that can bear everything from an Aveo to an SSR,'' Ms. Kosak said.
Marc Ferguson, 37, of Lafayette, Colo., races his Mini Cooper S part time and operates Minicooperonline.com, a Web site for Mini enthusiasts.
Like their counterparts in science, the young journalists talked about the importance of values: accuracy, fairness, balance, objectivity, informing the public.
The candidates have been attacking the war effort with language that would have been unthinkable even two weeks ago.
The striking exception is the role of the maniacal Aunt Lydia (the soprano Helen Todd), whose jagged coloratura flights make her seem a sci-fi cousin of Mozart's avenging Queen of the Night.
The board blamed the players for not reporting the allegations and for putting up a shield of silence, but parents said their children felt threatened because the suspects had continued to attend school.
''He is both oracular and reckless,'' said Simon Dumenco, who edits Mr. Wolff at New York magazine.
Coming soon, advertisements won't only be in the movies.
The clash took place this morning near the Jewish settlement of Shavei Shomron, close to the West Bank city of Nablus.
The proceeds will be used to cut debt.
Daniel A. Lashof of the Natural Resources Defense Council told the group that the country should ride out this boom part of the boom-and-bust gas business.
Two years later, 2,000 patients in the United States have gotten free Glivec, which costs an average of $27,000 a year.
But consumer groups said the department should have acted years ago, instead of waiting for the first case to occur.
He said he was prepared to leave in the ''shortest possible time'' after international troops arrived.
But for subtle and complicated reasons, Hell's Kitchen became a powerful and enduring metaphor for his life and his politics.
''They're still using houses and neighborhoods, but we've been removing sanctuaries and keeping them off balance.''
Through November, light trucks -- including pickups, S.U.V.
In a bid to prevent the widespread practice of aborting female fetuses to prevent the birth of unwanted daughters, the Supreme Court directed federal and state governments to enforce laws banning ultrasound scans for the prenatal determination of sex.
LAURA LETINSKY, ''I did not remember I had forgotten,'' Edwynn Houk, 745 Fifth Avenue, (212) 750-7070, through Jan. 17.
Trim hard parts from mushrooms and discard.
A16 Contenders Clash on Coverage Senator Bob Graham criticized Representative Richard A. Gephardt's call for universal health care coverage, saying Democrats should not repeat President Bill Clinton's failed attempt to push through a huge revamping of the health care system.
She is quoted in wall text as saying that she made her work only for herself and was surprised when it was exhibited and regarded highly.
It quickly became one of the most popular resorts of its day, operating for close to a quarter century with thousands of visitors flocking to see its aviary with exotic birds, tropical gardens, wild animals, even a natural history museum with specimens from around the world, including the mummified body of an 18-year-old Egyptian princess.
In both Cambodia and southern Thailand, boarding schools promoting the fundamentalist Wahhabi version of Islam have proliferated.
A beautiful and loving friend is gone, leaving our world diminished.
Southern Cal put the game out of reach with a touchdown with 13:51 to play.
''He was slightly overweight and looked like he enjoyed his food.''
Guy and Carola Walton found Hope one blustery autumn day, when they came to have lunch with some New York friends who had bought a weekend home just north of town.
A coalition of liberal groups opposed to Mr. Estrada began running an advertisement this week suggesting that he is ''stonewalling the public and the Senate.''
''Both teams were looking forward to this game, and I don't think we disappointed anyone,'' said Brodeur, who returned to the net after being rested Friday against Toronto.
Finally, Retirement Living Services in Hartford agreed to develop the community.
Joining them seemed the natural order of things, he said.
Then he began producing fields of densely layered lines in black and in multiple colors, culminating in ''Pink'' (1962), a rectangle of pale red bands, which is luminous, sensuous and orderly (Ken Johnson).
Many had moved to Iran and lived as refugees following a failed Shiite uprising against Mr. Hussein in 1991.
Bryant has contended that he had consensual sex with the 19-year-old woman, who was working as a concierge at a nearby resort where Bryant was staying.
Mr. Putin, the experts say, has sought to offset those influences by peppering his government with trusted friends from Russia's intelligence and security services, where he spent his career before entering politics.
''How many would this be?
FERRIS--Albert G. of Point Lookout, LI.
Nevertheless, he said, the mad cow case has accelerated talk in his household about cutting out beef altogether for general health reasons.
''New York's minority population constitutes over two million people,'' the petition reads, ''many of whom are low income and live in neighborhoods where there is an over-representation of facilities that produce air pollution.
The Yankees have traditionally gotten a jump on the trade market, making their moves well ahead of the July 31 deadline.
IDT Media's animation-production unit, Digital Production Solutions, is trying to expand the number of programs it animates.
Homeowners eager to lower their monthly payments have refinanced their mortgages in great numbers over the last year, often taking cash out to maintain or increase their spending.
We have occasionally caught trout.
Gen. Mustafa Said Qadir, commander of the Patriotic Union's forces, said 40 to 50 cruise missiles struck Ansar and Komali positions in the darkness.
PITTSBURGH PIRATES--Recalled RHP Brian Meadows from Nashville of the IL.
Wellquest International, Tony Hoffman Productions and several others agreed to settle Federal Trade Commission charges that they made false claims for three products: Bloussant, sold for breast enhancement; EnerX, for men's virility; and D-Snore, to relieve snoring.
The fine and the injuries were only parts of the mess Laviolette had to clean up this morning.
''I don't know what they were expecting,'' she said.
Aides said that would be covered when Mr. Lieberman unveiled his economic policy in a few weeks.
The shake-up was the latest round of upheaval in a campaign that just six months ago was viewed by many Democratic leaders as a well-organized machine that was rolling toward the nomination.
The report said that Shining Path guerrillas terrorized Quechua-speaking Indians.
Eddie Canillas wiped away tears as his daughter, Kristen, 12, read aloud the name of her grandfather, Anthony Luparello, a maintenance worker on the 101st floor of the south tower.
Their unemployment rate, which had soared as high as 18 percent in the aftermath of the severe 1981-82 recession and was nearly 13 percent in the early 1990's, fell to less than 7 percent, on average, in 1999 and 2000 -- close to the overall rate of less than 5 percent.
Not that he hasn't tried that.
''We have 10 million visitors and only tens of thousands of cars at any given time because we want more buyers than sellers,'' Mr. Rothman said of his efforts to keep eBay attracting car dealers nationwide.
''Without seeing it, we wouldn't know how it was doing it,'' Dr. MacKinnon said.
We've gotten so used to the sight that we've lost track of the fact that this was not the way it was supposed to be.
From the far end of the bench, forward Marcus Fizer, on the injured list and in a suit, jumped up and started shouting at Kidd.
Since the mid-1990's California has added jobs considerably faster than the nation as a whole.
The Americans, Colonel Hickey said, were ready with an ironic riposte of their own that may still have Mr. Hussein puzzling in the unidentified ''high security detention facility,'' probably near Baghdad, to which he was moved by helicopter some time on Sunday.
The Mets had hoped to handle Willis's twisting delivery better than they had in Miami.
Robinson, a certain Hall of Famer after he retires this season, surprised his teammates, and probably the Nets, with his play.
Pony International in Beverly Hills, Calif., majority owned by Global Brand Marketing Inc., yesterday named the Venice Beach, Calif., office of Crispin, Porter & Bogusky to handle the account of the Pony brand of athletic shoes and apparel, which had been handled internally.
THIS Henrietta is not much of a layer, so she stays behind while her aunts board the truck for their vacation.
In an industry where creative types can still cling to tradition, Mr. Schulman, who shared an Oscar nomination a year ago for ''Shrek,'' appears to be a maverick among professional writers.
To that end, he has recently spoken publicly about the city's economic recovery, and offered up the possibility of future tax cuts.
Paying for such a telescope will require a merger of private and public sources of financing that is rare in astronomy, he said.
Engineers scattered with their own bags of cash and orders to fix problems as they found them.
The indemnification is based on what the cable operators serving the inner markets that are closest to New York City do, along with DirecTV.
His new film, ''All the Real Girls,'' had its premiere last month at the Sundance Film Festival, where it won a special jury prize for ''emotional truth.''
City College asked members of the class of 1953 and graduating seniors to write essays about what the college had meant to them.
Try using the syntax tool called ''site:'' and restrict the results to those in the .edu domain.
Given the size of the field, Dr. Dean's lack of experience in national politics and his tendency for intemperate remarks, his success at navigating the very early months of the Democratic nomination battle hardly means he is assured of being nominated in Boston next July.
BLIND LAKE (Tor/Tom Doherty, $24.95) is a first-contact-with-aliens story that revolves around a group of humans whose lives, like those of many of Wilson's characters, are seriously askew.
''We conducted an analysis of how people feel about Snapple, and it shows that Snapple and New York City share attributes like uniqueness and originality, but where New York is seen as unapproachable, Snapple is depicted as friendly.''
She added, ''I thought Coleman was so great that I tried to set him up with a friend of mine.''
He has become a regular worshiper at the Ari's grave.
But the real musical interest of the visit by this great Russian orchestra and its maestro, Valery Gergiev, lies in the more focused -- not to say single-minded -- programs of the next two concerts: Shostakovich's ''From Jewish Poetry'' and ''Leningrad'' Symphony, then Prokofiev's ''Romeo and Juliet.''
A3 War on Criminals in Serbia Serbia's government is in the midst of an unrelenting attack on the crime gangs and accused war criminals who held this country of 7.5 million people in their thrall a month after Serbia's 50-year-old reformist prime minister, Zoran Djindjic, was assassinated.
When Mr. Duhalde finally ran for president as the Peronist candidate in 1999, Mr. Menem tried to sabotage his chances.
Along with these goals, Mr. Parsons said, the agency would have to develop procedures to assess inflight damage and decide when to try to fix it.
Last year, according to Secretary Veneman, the U.S.D.A.
Now that the critical first 48 hours has passed with no additional deaths, Dr. Cioffi said, the doctors and nurses are trying to make sure that none of their patients die of infections, the top killer of burn victims.
As the Department of Homeland Security prepared to formally take over the laboratory today,, there was every expectation that the curtain of secrecy would close tighter than ever.
But the Jets can use depth along the defensive line, especially the interior.
The bombing of the United Nations headquarters in Baghdad, however, is something else entirely: it is an assault against all humanitarian missions.
Yet the snub didn't seem to hurt ticket sales.
Insurance companies like Aetna and Humana have recently begun offering consumer-driven plans alongside their other offerings.
While the Giants draw 50,000 passionate fans to the Tokyo Dome for each game, the Fighters are lucky to get 10,000.
The menu includes unfamiliar dishes like uphuthu, a ground corn porridge with marinated tomatoes and onions, and sautéed chicken livers peri-peri, a spicy dish of Portuguese origin, delicious on toast.
The council noted the college's 30-year record of bringing emerging artists into the public schools, and introducing studentsto the performing arts.
A spokeswoman for Deloitte & Touche said the firm would have no comment.
SKOBLE--Herbert, of New Rochelle, NY, passed away at home June 10th, 2003.
''I don't know,'' he said with a tight smile, slipping his arm around his wife and then slipping away into the reception.
(+) 14 40 NICKEL AND DIMED, by Barbara Ehrenreich.
The county expects Phase 1 to be implemented by the end of July, said Lt. Edward Truglio of the county police, who is in charge of the county's 911 services and estimated the cost of bringing Phase 1 online to be around $1 million.
And I'd do it again.
This sentiment is at the heart of many of the strange souvenirs he has collected over the years, like the grid, above his bed, of Julie London album covers -- she, the glamorous late-1950's torch singer with the painfully flat voice.
(1973); and the Smith College Museum of Art in Northampton, Mass.
You felt its 13.9 percent alcohol, though not distractingly.
They're rich, and they're extremely strategic.''
Then the alarm bells rang.
In November, the International Olympic Committee put off until after the 2004 Games any vote on dropping baseball from the 2008 Olympic schedule.
''I said, wait a minute, what's this?''
At issue is a 67-acre plot with a trailer and a cemetery.
is likely to end the ban on owning a newspaper and a broadcast station in the same market -- a change The New York Times Company has been lobbying for.
With the new appointments, the African and African-American studies department has 25 faculty members.
I think he's been more team-oriented.
A 3-pointer by Ward with 3:25 to play moved the Knicks within 107-98, the closest they had been since the second quarter.
Most diplomats have turned to Mr. Blix's office to specify those tests.
and ''The Enemy Is Here.''
''It's a shame that construction is going to be allowed at all,'' he said.
Beyond that, he suggests in a tone sadder and wiser but not apologetic, that the complexity of war, its ''fog'' if you will, makes it all but impossible for military planners to see the whole picture, except in hindsight.
.4:50:46 20898 Nguyen, V, 26M .
Mr. Moore referred all calls to other department officials, but Mr. Bromme disagreed with Ms. Solomon.
Job theft has long been a sensitive issue between New York, New Jersey and Connecticut.
A picture book of 114 pages, it pushes the technological frontiers of digital photography and computer printing.
There were many mutual fund companies whose timing police officers, backed up by senior compliance executives, successfully rebuffed the market timers who approached them, regulators said.
A year after orchestrating a controversial takeover of Compaq Computer, Ms. Fiorina likes to boast that the company is one year and a half-billion dollars ahead of schedule in combining the two operations.
17 Gamecocks the victory over the visiting Tigers.
I have no message from the mountaintop.
Detectives say they believe it is that of an Upper East Side 44-year-old who vanished in March while walking her dog.
But all 40-some players made it to the afternoon rehearsal and the evening performance.
A chorus of critics had urged the federal government to reject the plan, saying that it tramples on the voting rights of minority parents because schools lacking parent associations tend to be predominantly minority and because at racially mixed schools, white parents are more likely to be P.T.A.
''There were more of them than police,'' said one officer, First Lt. Aiman Muhammad, 26.
With confidence in the economy at a nine-year low, consumer spending stalled at the levels of December and January.
But neither, he said, meets all three of his criteria: ''Make it fast.
Though many are affiliated with companies, they are not employees.
''Clearly, there is a push eastward,'' Mr. Shapiro said, to Trumbull and Shelton, where rents are lower, employees can find affordable housing and commuting is less frustrating.
And you don't treat women that way.
The bridegroom wore a dark suit and added a white armband, to distinguish himself from his huge family.
to make certain there is no unlawful use of race by N.Y.P.D.
(Negative comments were relatively rare; three-quarters of the postings in a subsample were either positive or mixed.)
The books that catch my interest, in contrast, either remind me of how little I know about the art of gardening, or of the complexities of nature waiting outside my door.
Those two account for 40 percent of the Nuovo Mercato's total capitalization.
Prince Charming does not have a New York accent.
In studies, nearly 90 percent of patients who took the drugs found complete relief.
And just what was I looking into, I wondered again, as I boarded a northbound sardine-car, all elbows and briefcases and patent-leather purses, to 86th Street.
protest in Cancún that never materialized -- the pirate radio station, the five-mile parade of thousands to the doorsteps of the W.T.O.
Michael said, 'I want to know where it is, how I'm getting it,' because he felt Jack was not going to give him more money, since he'd almost cost Jack his job for not doing the special.''
''Just as important is a strategic rest day.''
last season, watched Bon Jovi address team owners earlier this year.
''But with these continued reports that Saddam may be behind some of the attacks, or coordinating them or leading them, there's now a military reason as well.''
Mr. Levy joined the Board of Trustees of the Foundation in 1991, when he also became a member of the Finance Committee and served as its chairman for a number of years.
People age, marry, see their hopes turn sour and their aims co-opted.
''It's probably something we would consider,'' he added, but pointed to a possible obstacle: much of the Boardwalk is not original.
The Coca-Cola Company said yesterday that Jeffery T. Dunn, the president and chief operating officer of Coke's North American division, is leaving to pursue ''his own entrepreneurial goals.''
As for the ''voodoo wreck,'' Mr. Phaneuf said he would be back.
Gardening, often cited as the nation's No.
''It's something you dream about as a kid, and as a 23-year-old.
.4:52:40 21448 Wittmann, K, 48M .
But all that depends on achieving the rapid sales growth that Pirelli is forecasting.
His early stab at creative writing was a chivalric novel inspired by the adventures of the heroic knight ''Amadis of Gaul,'' parodied by Cervantes in ''Don Quixote.''
SMITH, Bruce A., 41, Chief Warrant Officer, Army National Guard; West Liberty, Iowa; 106th Aviation Battalion.
Dia:Beacon is not the only art center in the area.
Jeff Burton and Elliott Sadler were fourth and fifth, both in Fords, and the series champion Tony Stewart was sixth in his Chevy.
''Moore went from floor to floor arousing sleepers after the flames were discovered soon after 2 a.m. by a night watchman.''
''I was astounded, but they looked genuinely happy when they won,'' she said.
The answer was obvious: ''I've always felt that you shouldn't have to change your personality when you come to work.
Anke A. Ehrhardt, Ph.D and The HIV Center Staff >>AD#
Now the toddlers are off at college, and my youngest (age 11) and I like to narrate the life of Sophie the dog.
Of the 38,668 new Marine recruits who reported to boot camp in the 2002 fiscal year, only 992, or 2.6 percent, came through the New York recruiting station, which covers the city and Long Island.
Figures released yesterday by Soundscan, a company in White Plains that monitors retail CD sales, put ''American Life'' at No.
Most of what I worry about will never happen but I can't stop the anxiety of anticipation.''
Perhaps wisely, Asaro makes no attempt to describe his voice directly; when the Bard sings for her, we learn only that his voice evokes ''a treasury of images for Roca,'' which range from hand-me-down Ray Bradbury -- ''brick-red deserts on the dying world Raylicon, beside the Vanished Sea, beneath a stone-washed sky'' -- to planetarium narration: ''the infinite reaches of interstellar space, where stars blazed and celestial bodies rotated in an unending dance.''
In an interview on Tuesday in his 31st-floor offices at the United Nations, he said: ''What surprises me, what amazes me, is that it seems the military people were expecting to stumble on large quantities of gas, chemical weapons and biological weapons.
And her parents paid for the $15,000 renovation, of course.
But he was let go after three weeks without providing the information.
David Nalbandian, who reached the semifinals of the Open, remains in Argentina's lineup for the three-of-five-match series in Malaga, Spain, Sept. 19-21.
He would not debate it much longer and considered it a closed topic.
Under the deal, signed on April 15 but confirmed by the United States Central Command only today, United States forces agreed not to damage any of the group's vehicles, equipment or any of its property in its camps in Iraq, and not to commit any hostile act toward the Iranian opposition forces covered by the agreement.
Instead, three years ago, she founded an interfaith human rights group called Truk 4.
But trading was uneven as investors were tentative a day after the Nasdaq composite index brushed the 2,000 level.
A song he tossed off, ''Muskrat Love,'' became a hit for the Captain and Tenille and left him financially secure.
When asked if the other victories softened the blow of losing the Derby, Frankel said: ''It sure didn't hurt.
In some phones made today, those functions are on separate chips, leading Intel and some industry analysts to say that Manitoba will lead to less expensive phones, with additional features, like more widespread Internet access.
Her son wore only black, and would have wanted a black, shiny coffin, but she needed a sealed coffin, not the open style.
Like pitcher Mike Mussina, Sheffield made sure he was allowed to play recreational basketball.
The truth is, as a number of veteran Democratic operatives were saying last week, campaign operatives inevitably get too much credit when things go right -- and too much blame when things go wrong.
''One 90-minute massage at home is $100,'' she said.
Iraqi employees often find themselves relaying unpopular policies from the new foreign occupiers.
The group defined blue collar as people who were represented by unions or who were paid by the hour -- a definition that turns such unlikely workers as unionized athletes, airline pilots, aerospace engineers and even some newspaper reporters into blue-collar workers.
The judges ordered the state to fix financing inequities that were exposed in a lawsuit brought in 1993 by a group of plaintiffs on behalf of 1.1 million public school students in the city, though they were silent on whether all state taxpayers must shoulder the costs.
''Methyl bromide helps level the playing field,'' said a senior Department of Agriculture official.
Lower East Side Education THURSDAY -- The GO Project, a program of the Grace Church School that aids academically struggling students on the Lower East Side, will benefit from a reception and concert.
And every night she takes notes on her own performance, dictating to her dresser if she's too busy to scribble them down herself.
''Varekai'' (the word, pronounced ver-ay-KIE, means ''wherever'' in the Romany language of the gypsies) offers Cirque du Soleil's traditional mix of artistry and athleticism from 50 performers from 13 countries.
I knew that was what I had to study.''
''It's weird to think about this place being bankrupt,'' said Amanda Browne, 13, visiting from Australia.
For example, it has never conducted a seminar for its constituents on the letter, spirit and intent of the law under which the U.S.O.C.
Such creature comforts belie the traditional idea of the hearty souls who brave subzero temperatures to fish.
The majority had no objection in principle to converting the device into a bug; a dissenter would have allowed the eavesdropping even at the expense of safety.
The presumption that Mr. Bush was the president-elect and not simply one of two parties in a lawsuit, they say, created the atmosphere that emboldened the Supreme Court to take the election in hand and rule in Mr. Bush's favor.
After the colossal final chord, the sound hung heavily in the air, like thick smoke after an explosion.
That number was, however, swollen by taxes on capital gains during the stock-market bubble.
The surgery requires opening the abdomen and moving aside the patient's internal organs to find the aneurysm, the place where the aorta is weakened and balloons out.
More than 50 of the 225 service members, roughly a quarter, who landed in Liberia last month were hospitalized because of a longtime scourge of mankind: malaria.
The company has many relationships with the Tibetan community because Salesforce.com has made donations to several Tibetan causes, Mr. Benioff said, including the provision of e-mail access to 32 Tibetan refugee settlements in Bhutan, India and Nepal.
In Joliet Adam Rapp lived with his mother and two siblings in a shoe-box apartment, a setting that audiences watching ''Stone Cold'' will recognize.
In his State of the City speech, Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg gave more details yesterday of his aggressive plan to market New York City as a luxury brand, an address for which companies should be willing to pay a higher price.
Ms. McHenry said the company has since taken steps to try to ensure that such behavior did not recur.
Mr. Benson is moving swiftly to prepare for life after the company's bankruptcy -- and after Canada.
The inspectors would provide no details concerning the interviews with the four scientists, but noted that they were the first interviews conducted since Feb. 7.
Their faces and figures, like the sand and sea, are elevated to heavenly single-plane status.
''He'll run the company for a year, and then the board will find someone to replace him,'' one executive said.
Since the fighting largely ended, Ali, the little Iraqi boy who lost his parents and both arms to American bombs, has became a symbol of what Jon Lee Anderson, The New Yorker's correspondent in Baghdad, described yesterday on WNYC radio as ''wounded Iraqi nationhood.''
''I talk to a lot of people and they say the same thing.''
After a Redskins field goal, the Giants took over.
The Wagnerian arrives at the opera house by 6 and burrows into a drawling time continuum.
My family didn't count on it for a living directly, but everyone did indirectly: during a long wintertime miners' strike in the 1970's, the schools (along with many businesses) actually closed for a while because they ran out of coal to fire the furnaces.
Alfredsson said the players did not allow the franchise's off-ice problems to become a distraction.
But he said in an interview last week that he wanted to stay with the Yankees and doubted that the Dodgers would want him for Brown.
Beloved wife of Philip, proud mother of David of New York City and Jeffrey of San Francisco, CA.
Boeing Satellite Unit Head Resigns Randy Brinkley resigned as president of Boeing's satellite unit, which had just one commercial order and lost money last year.
But like Carrie Bradshaw in ''Sex and the City,'' Olivia is lovable for her contradictions -- her generosity tinged by guilt, her intimacy-impaired romanticism and her peculiar amalgam of artistic dreaminess and pointy-elbowed careerism.
The Capitol Hill newspaper Roll Call quoted Mr. Coleman on Monday as saying: ''To be very blunt and God watch over Paul's soul, I am a 99 percent improvement over Paul Wellstone.
Link Wray's ''Rumble'' introduced the distorted sound of a busted amplifier speaker to rock 'n' roll, but he's far more than a novelty.
B1 BUSINESS DAY C1-12 Vivendi Chooses NBC Merger Vivendi Universal agreed to enter exclusive negotiations to unite its American entertainment assets with General Electric's NBC.
There were low terrestrials, like Grapette, an Asian spathoglottis orchid, with little clusters of purple flowers poking out of its leaves.
''I thought she still wanted to reconcile,'' Ms. Gantt said yesterday.
Patrick J. Murphy, a former senior police official in New York who helped organize the city-federal Joint Terrorist Task Force and is credited with many policing innovations, including the use of nonlethal weapons for encounters with emotionally disturbed people, died Saturday at New York Presbyterian Hospital.
Willing as I was to be repelled by such reasoning (blood is not to be rated like milk, after all), I found that I was instead rather impressed by its minimalism.
Royal Philips Electronics in Amsterdam has consolidated virtually all its worldwide advertising, with total billings estimated at $600 million, by naming DDB Worldwide, part of the Omnicom Group, as its sole global agency.
''We played like it was our last game,'' he said.
So we're forming this shuria to gather all the voices and to be one voice.''
Patton got out of his seat and climbed into the rear with General Gay.
He paused, as if he had said something he regretted.
Intel's stock rose as much as 10 percent after the announcement and all three main market gauges opened higher.
Historic properties are also sometimes saddled with environmental problems, and cleanups can be costly, he said.
For Schiller's, he created the ruby Tuesday, with bourbon, Benedictine liqueur, simple syrup and red-cherry purée.
''She was amazing,'' he said.
The Southampton Players, a company made up of community and collegiate actors, provides just that experience with ''InterAct,'' a series of one-act plays introduced seven years ago to liven up the season after the holidays.
A police officer brought a group of us past the line of visitors at ground zero, onto the crowded viewing platform.
Torre said Zimmer never intended those comments to be made public.
WITH: Jason Lee (Paul), Julia Stiles (Becky), Selma Blair (Karen), James Brolin (Ken), Shawn Hatosy (Jim), Lochlyn Munro (Ray), Diana Scarwid (Sandra) and Julie Hagerty (Dorothy).
But this is simply not true, and the late lunch favored by many residents may well translate into an early dinner for you.
Directed by Robert Allan Ackerman; Morgan O'Sullivan and James Flynn, producers; Hilary Heath, executive producer.
Hollywood is cracking down on what a recent study published by AT&T Labs found was the source of a large number of movies on the Internet: movie industry insiders.
''You can get atmospheric benefits, water quality, soil quality, local air quality benefits.
''The kids get so excited that they'll call and leave a message at 2 a.m. to say they've seen Orion the Hunter,'' said Mr. Zeller.
This time, city officials are hoping to quell anger in the black community by taking to the airwaves to urge patience and to defend the officers' actions.
Every visitor to the New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival, which wrapped up its 35th edition on Sunday, experiences the sensation of walking among the 10 outdoor stages and hearing two overlapping sets at once.
Ten protesters and three police officers had minor injuries.
And after a long Easter weekend at his Texas ranch, Mr. Bush will focus on his plan in speeches around the nation, the White House said.
Right now, things are even murkier than usual.
To be in Malawi during the hot and wet growing season was to be embraced by a landscape of tantalizing abundance -- a perplexing sight in view of all the hunger.
network's 100 most shocking moments,'' she said with one of her hearty signature laughs.
The current military leadership, eager to improve the image of the armed forces, has also been working behind the scenes to resolve outstanding scores.
But the fashion for singerie was fairly short-lived; by the mid-18th century, shells or rocaille became the mode, and the Rococo movement was born.
But his qualities as a deal maker and absentee landlord do not ensure that Mr. Wasserstein has any special touch for running media properties.
While those clients may be lured to advertise on Yahoo's Yellow Pages listings, Yahoo's bigger advertisers are likely to use the paid search listings to develop new marketing techniques.
Among those in the ambivalent middle was an Irish delegate to the constitutional convention who declared: ''I am most firmly convinced that God is everywhere.
When I interviewed for the position, I imagined taking my lunch outside every day, lolling about in this Merchant-Ivory setting as the chapel bells tolled noon.
But the Cubs don't have a nemesis that haunts them season after season.
Reassigned OF Bruce Aven, OF Mike Colangelo and OF Rob Ryan to their minor league camp.
The board made its decision over the weekend after it was criticized for adopting policies that allowed the chief auditor, Douglas R. Carmichael, to testify at all.
''We're still ahead, but not by much,'' Mr. Marks said.
About three million Indians work in Arab states in the Persian Gulf, and those states supply India with about one-fourth of its oil.
The Islanders took only 18 shots against him, none in the overtime period.
They have a strong, professional team, and they can be a pleasure to watch.''
He wavered only once, coming out of retirement to become production designer for John Huston's 1984 film ''Under the Volcano.''
''He didn't like to keep the audience waiting,'' she said.
A spokesman for the Patent Office, Richard Maulsby, said in an e-mail that the office never comments on pending re-examinations.
Two days before, Judge Parker called Senator Leahy to say that he had just ruled that parts of the Brady gun control bill that Mr. Clinton had championed were unconstitutional.
Some weeks later investigators obtained a videotape that graphically showed Mr. Pearl's death at the hands of a person whose face was not visible.
How much came from Washington is unclear.
The congressman made it plain that Mr. Doria's unexpected loss has done nothing to ease the bitterness in Hudson County.
to tell us that the total is significant.
Hotel investors are seeking to position themselves to take advantage in an anticipated economic recovery and increase in travel said Arthur Adler, managing director for the Americas of Jones Lang LaSalle Hotels, a division of the brokerage and services company.
It's the dress rehearsal for the real thing.''
''In addition to that, our plans are going to be what's in the best interest of the University of Connecticut.''
AAA, the automobile travel group, estimated last week that about 36 million Americans will take a trip of more than 50 miles from home by car, plane, train or bus during the Thanksgiving holiday, up 2.4 percent from last Thanksgiving.
The State Statistical Office announced the results of a landmark census giving a clear picture of the country's ethnic makeup, the root of an armed conflict two years ago over rights for minority Albanians.
205, holds its own against anything else in modern design.
Praying Training paused on Sunday for church services.
Kalina has not returned to preschool because her parents felt it would be too confusing both for her and for her classmates, and her brother, Joseph, will celebrate his first birthday in the apartment.
He began the season with 191 yards and 3 touchdowns in a 49-47 overtime victory at North Carolina.
A11 Israel Storms Gaza Camp Eleven Palestinians were killed when armored Israeli forces stormed the Jabaliya refugee camp to pursue a Hamas leader, hours after a Palestinian suicide bomber killed 15 people on a bus in the northern Israeli city of Haifa.
The retirements of Mr. McKinney and Ms. Bowick were genuine, if a little early, analysts said.
Mr. Tull's corner of the intensive-care unit at Beth Israel Medical Center has been keeping the staff members entertained quite a bit lately.
Pharmacy benefit managers, or P.B.M.
Last month, the Calpers board approved an overhaul of health benefits for its members, 1.3 million former and current state employees, to help control costs.
In 2001, Tyco paid Frank E. Walsh, a director, an undisclosed finder's fee of $20 million in connection with the $10 billion acquisition of CIT, a financial company.
E1 Awards Canceled in Protest The Los Angeles Film Critics Association has voted to cancel its 2003 awards in a rebuke to a new ban on the copies of new films meant for awards voters but often used by video pirates.
''I treat my workers like I treat my own brothers and sisters,'' Mr. Lee said.
Many of those on the list of top fund-raisers, released by the Bush campaign last week, were also Pioneers in the 2000 campaign, when that was the highest level attainable and the maximum contribution was $1,000.
''It looked to me like they're taking constructive steps.''
But as short-run macroeconomic stimulus, it is next to worthless, and in terms of its long-run impact on the deficit, it is downright irresponsible.
On a Windstar cruise on the French and Italian Rivieras, I was not permitted to swim off the boat to shore, so I had to settle for swims off the beaches in Cannes, St.-Tropez, Portoferraio, Elba and Porto Vecchio, Corsica.
Brian O'Neill, a leading expert in the S.U.V.
A major battle is brewing at the American Bar Association's annual meeting in San Francisco this week over three proposals that would give lawyers more leeway to report malfeasance by their clients.
Matinsky's lawyer, Frank Laine, has said that Elliott pushed Matinsky to the ground and that the players scattered without trying to help Matinsky, who later went to a hospital.
Contending at a major for the first time, he did not succumb to the pressure that can overwhelm even veteran players.
Parks has taken Faulkner's classic novel ''As I Lay Dying'' as a model.
The Grand Prix final is Feb. 28 to March 3.
Mr. Cullen was fired or forced to resign from at least 6 of the 10 medical facilities he worked at in his 14-year career and was named in a lawsuit involving the overmedication of a patient, yet none of his subsequent employers was informed.
A family-run hotel on the hillside above the Kurhaus.
Procter & Gamble had held talks to try to buy Beiersdorf A.G., maker of Nivea skin care products, analysts said.
The inability to pinpoint the exact site of the failure led to an unusual flurry of accusations on both sides of the international border.
''Yao has the capability,'' he said.
Whether it's computers, TV screens, cellphones, old movies or even major news-papers, nothing stays monochrome forever.
The dollar was down against the Japanese yen.
Despite these losses, Mr. Dittemore said data from other experiments were saved.
His parents are partners in a law firm that bears their names in Plainview, N.Y., and Kew Gardens, Queens.
''We have control, but it's limited,'' Ms. Rosenberg said.
The drug competes mainly with Evista, an Eli Lilly medicine.
Radio frequency tags are currently used in products like wireless auto keys, toll collection systems and livestock and military armament tracking devices.
''We obviously see this as a huge victory,'' said Bryan Hurley, a spokesman for Monsanto, based in St. Louis.
Until the last minutes, he said, the line failures did not seem to overload the system.
Roy Smith Theater, Cranford College campus, 1033 Springfield Avenue.
At the intersection of 9G and Main Street, three gas stations compete, evoking the feel of a strip mall more than a rural idyll.
Until now, most broadband users have simply done the same things they did with dial-up connections, like e-mail and online shopping, only faster.
''What you have is the court using the same theoretical underpinnings, the so-called right to privacy, to try to be the ultimate arbiter of an intractable social issue.''
Craig Shelton, the chef and owner of the Ryland Inn in Whitehouse, N.J., briefly offered gelées infused with tobacco, but stopped because to some customers ''it would be like saying you were cooking with sarin.''
So they may be juveniles, but they're not on a Little League team anywhere.
No one has been arrested in the incident.
Edgar J. Helms, a Methodist minister in Boston who wanted to provide business opportunities to the disadvantaged.
3 and an 8-footer at No.
First graders prepared to make up songs about phonics.
A new and younger Chico was added to the cast, but the show ended in 1978.
''There is no way the New York Stock Exchange can ask listed companies to impose standards of governance that we don't meet,'' he said.
''How can you teach us what we are?
A boy's life at witchcraft school is threatened.
''They started out hungry, but when they ate my father's burgers they couldn't eat another bite.''
Along with matches of tactics and personnel, this series has become a test of wills.
He is charged with transmitting the illegally amassed funds to Pakistan through the Access bank accounts.
''Israel just doesn't make the cut.
Focused on the basket and on taking the Nets back to New Jersey with the N.B.A.
Viagra's sales last year were $1.7 billion -- very healthy, but nothing like the large sales of $5 billion to $10 billion a year that were initially predicted.
With too many characters interacting in too many ways, the film feels crowded, confused and unproductively frenetic.
Other executives are turning to teaching to add meaning to their lives in the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001.
The live television broadcast of his remarks was interrupted while bodyguards rushed over to support him.
''It is extremely important to employ these tools early in the process.
She soon had Mr. Cheadle performing Shakespeare in Central Park.
Efforts to trace every case and isolate everyone who came in close, unprotected contact with every patient appeared to be working because of what seemed to be efficient public health efforts and a largely obedient public's accepting of volunteer quarantine.
The Parole Board approved Ms. Boudin's third application for release on Aug. 20.
He said he expected Wilfred Kendall to use them in any way he saw fit.
Barbecue alone does not define the food culture here.
Heads of institutional equities divisions at the investment banks are saying I can't afford to pay for research.''
In other words, we know from the get-go that this marriage is going to tank, despite an immediate flashback to the couple's cute meet.
Her husband, Warren Todd, is showing his woodworking and furniture in another show at the Noyes.
Robinson led all scorers with 18.
''I had underestimated their apparent willingness to break the rules.''
Noting that 2,808 Palestinians and 830 Israelis have been killed in fighting since September 2000, he said that during the discussions of the peace proposals, ''neither side has seriously and actively addressed the core concerns of the other side.''
For better or worse, we've grown accustomed to alpenglow.
Stackhouse, who arrived the arena early for treatment on a turned ankle sustained the night before at Detroit, made 11 of 22 shots and 14 of 15 free throws.
Walking across the ice, he pointed out two boats once owned by the family of Franklin D. Roosevelt.
The Consumer Federation of America and the Natural Trails and Waters Coalition have urged the federal government to ban the sale of adult-size all-terrain vehicles for use by children.
A few large companies that are generally trustworthy handle most of the drugs in the wholesale market, drug agency officials said.
An electrical fire on a subway track in Harlem sent smoke billowing through the tunnels yesterday morning and forced the evacuation of a train full of passengers, stalling morning commuting for thousands.
I felt if they were being so aggressive with me, it was a good opportunity to let other people step up.''
This affects local manufacturing, wholesale distribution and retail.
Sing a sappy love song accompanied by an indie-rock band, and people will think you really mean it.
John H. FitzSimons, Pres Henry F. White, Jr.
Yet this was the event that made that name: Midori, which the Philharmonic ultimately released in different forms, including Mi Dori.
A friend of Sargent's commented, ''She looks decomposed.''
Jessica Lynch by American Special Forces from an Iraqi hospital near Nasiriya was an impressive feat of planning, bravery and luck.
The crisis hit hardest in the north.
Nearly half of those said they had not made changes to it in the past year, while a third said that they had increased the percentage of income they invest.
Card issuers say that it is too early to gauge the popularity of experience rewards but that many cardholders have expressed excitement about them, especially as they start to understand their flexibility.
''When 'The Bachelor' is on and there are a few of the ladies who are not selected, they are on AOL right away talking about it,'' Mr. Miller said.
''We opened June 6, but the good ones don't really come in till later in July.''
But the mayor neutralized that argument by proposing that the measure become effective with the municipal election of 2009, after he is no longer eligible to run for re-election.
And from Israel, a friend posted this dispatch: ''If you're interested in the obsessive angle, my kids have read hp 1-4 about 500 times, to the point where there are pieces of potter 1-4 all over the house (the hardcovers clearly aren't made very well).
Thomas Adams, executive director of Energy Probe, a nonprofit research group based in Toronto, said Ontario's power sector had gone through three phases in the last four years.
A toll bridge away from South Miami and the mainland, Key Biscayne, perhaps best known as Richard Nixon's warm-weather retreat, is Miami's more genteel, low-key cousin, just the quiet getaway I was looking for.
Chris Brasher, the 1956 Olympic steeplechase champion and a pacesetter for Roger Bannister when Bannister became the first runner to break the four-minute mile, died today.
The administration's new forest policies also seem ripe for legal challenge.
CAROLINA PANTHERS Agreed to terms with TE Mike Seidman on a three-year contract.
Information: (229) 276-2715 and www.samshortline.com.
It was the first time all night that Mosley felt De La Hoya's power, but neither fighter appeared seriously hurt.
And how would flavor figure in genetically modified foods?
The final entry in his pantheon of tenors is Tito Schipa, who died in 1965.
Best-seller lists for children's picture books, children's chapter books and children's paperbacks, respectively, are published in rotation on succeeding weeks; all three lists appear each week on the Book Review's Web site.
How did those people arrive at the places they were?'
''Paint all you want,'' it seemed to say, ''but we were here first.''
It never breaks down, and it gets at least 45 miles to the gallon.''
Cherished companion of Marian Porges.
''Does the government become responsible for securing every building over, say, 10 stories tall?''
'' The shooting's effect on the unit can be told in the numbers meticulously tallied on a dry-erase board in the Manhattan office.
''Probably the best kid I ever had,'' Jack Bicknell, the former Boston College coach, said in a telephone interview last week.
Commanders have typically chosen to deal with those who cause the deaths of other United States troops or allies by disciplining rather than prosecuting them.
''I guess it was the right call,'' Asham said.
Weeks This Last On Week Week List Nonfiction 1 9 46 STUPID WHITE MEN, by Michael Moore.
Reger's orchestration only detracts from the delicacy of ''An die Musik,'' a hymn to music's redemptive powers.
Berlioz married Smithson in 1833, was separated from her in 1844 and remarried after her death in 1854.
Ralph Salerno retired from the Police Department in 1967, he took with him the reputation of knowing more about the Mafia in America than anybody not sworn into it, according to news accounts at the time.
The best antidote to this disruption is enhancing our ability to handle these emotions.
Shortly before the 15-minute hearing began, he was seen animatedly conferring with his lawyer, Donald J. McCauley, a federal public defender who later declined to comment on the case.
There are still lingering 9/11 issues.
The Tap Room, 333 Bridge Street, (970) 479-0500, attracts convivial crowds to its television sets scattered around the bustling bar.
She is survived by two daughters Deborah Zinn Prouty and Kathryn Zinn Cerussi, both of Greenwich, and three grandsons.
There is also a Monday session from 6:45 to 8:45 p.m.
The magazines said that in one two-month period, Mr. Bennett wired one casino more than $1.4 million to cover his losses.
INDIANA 63, MICHIGAN 56: A.J.
This was the second test using actual shuttle material; the previous one produced small cracks.
The survey also documents a scarcity of low-rent stabilized apartments.
The man, Kashawn Jones, 23, was given the maximum term for second-degree manslaughter in the 2002 death of Amy Guzman of Yonkers.
Inflammation can boost the number, as can recent ejaculation.
In particular, they harbor deep frustrations about the extensive Jewish community in Teaneck that they left behind.
I don't have much sympathy for groundhogs.
Although a boon for research in flat arid regions, archaeologists at Chicago conceded that the Corona photography might prove to be less useful in wetter and more rugged terrain.
to listen,'' said Tom Fontana, a creator of hit series like ''Homicide'' for NBC and ''Oz'' for HBO.
Many Democrats, like Senator Edward M. Kennedy of Massachusetts, describe the Medicare bill as a down payment, a first step.
DETROIT TIGERS--Recalled RHP Franklyn German and RHP Fernando Rodney from Toledo of the IL.
Could it be that the wiring problems were an early sign of just how far an aging shuttle fleet had deteriorated with time?
In an inaugural sermon to his present parish, he presented himself as a no-nonsense priest.
I stay here and work with these people.'
It is also wool, which is easier to handle and not quite as fragile as some of the others we're working on.''
You know, people love to write about collaboration -- it fills everybody's desire to double your money.
''Tuition just keeps going up and you don't want to feel like you're wasting time,'' says Jessica Minor, a nursing student at Cincinnati and volunteer mentor.
The Randolph Foundation, by contrast, would not talk about what it supports and why.
''Utilities are not running out of steam,'' said Paul Ballew, G.M.
''I only shoot in the air when I hear a noise at night, so that they know there's someone here,'' she said of the stray animals that sometimes take liberties with her flowers.
Maj. Matt McLaughlin, a spokesman for the Marine Corps, said that particularly at the height of the war, as they moved fast with little equipment, many marines had no access to computers.
After all, in the 1700's, when the trek was done by mule, it could take 25 days to travel the 880 miles from Rio de Janeiro to Ouro Preto.
Interstates 84, 91 and 95, as well as the Merritt Parkway were only a few of the roadways police had to partly close at various times of the morning because of slippery conditions.
Mr. Levy said yesterday that he was satisfied with the project's management structure and with Ms. Robertson's performance.
''I had a constant running feud with Paul, and to some extent with Terry, too, because I didn't believe it was being run as a legitimate newspaper,'' said Mr. Gottesman, who joined the paper after two decades at Women's Wear Daily and other Fairchild publications.
''I am so completely sorry, and my heart is filled with remorse,'' Father Hands, 36, said.
Mr. Buffett acquired the shares in June by converting Level 3 bonds into stock.
Along with the peanut butter and jelly sandwich and last night's homework, that blue nylon school bag is weighted down with a century's worth of ideological baggage.
For almost two years, many images have taken the form of possible ''cultural uses'' for ground zero.
A frequent visitor to Pyongyang, Mr. Pulikovsky runs a trading company in North Korea.
By 1956, Mr. Joe had a show at the Whitney and Mr. Champlin was an illustrator who conjured men's wear in the Garment District before photography wiped out his craft.
She was in a wheelchair, but was reported to be in good spirits, telling people there that she was very happy that day.
Though Seton Hall is far from the strongest team in the league, there is always added meaning to a conference game, especially the first of the season.
But with the economy apparently sliding toward another recession and deflation showing no signs of abating, the cost of doing as little as possible may soon be greater than the cost of taking action.
''She's built her credibility in an integrated way.''
''The fairest criticism is that we are spread too thin,'' he said.
That was enough for Howe.
''It was getting hot in there and the place was filling up with smoke,'' said Donn Walker, a Federal Aviation Authority spokesman, who added that by Oct. 28 things had returned to normal.
That absence has left the field open for many to claim authority, including Ahmad Chalabi, who is the head of the Iraqi National Congress exile group and who initially supported Mr. Zobeidi's role in Baghdad.
Similarly, the Commerce Department ruled that Samsung's prices had been slightly below the market level and also did not impose penalties.
Indeed, they develop a dance of language and memory.
In 1985 it was purchased by Beech Aircraft, a subsidiary of the Raytheon Corporation, and then by Wyman-Gordon, a maker of forgings and castings.
It's always good enough because as a regular client you're part of the family.
The bride is a stepdaughter of Lyle Clum of Vero Beach.
A routine overruff with the king would have left South in control.
Harrison was catching passes from Peyton Manning before warm-ups.
Others, like Louise Mitchell, who manages Pronto Pizza on West 42nd Street, are unsure, despite the red and green neon that decorates the premises and and $2 cheese slices popular among lunchers.
''The business of the bank was getting more and more complex,'' he said.
They went to two butchers from six.
He was Canada's representative to the Middle East and North Africa in 1979 and 1980 and chairman of the Commonwealth Foundation from 1987 to 1991.
MICHIGAN 41, NORTHWESTERN 10 John Navarre passed for 288 yards and 2 touchdowns, and No.
Among them was a Fairfield University student identified by classmates as Angel.
Ms. Sroge and her husband, David Johnson, had waited nearly two years to adopt the girl, whom they named Stella Xia, and were near the end of a long bureaucratic journey to bring her home to Brooklyn.
Devoted sister and sister-in-law to Shirley and Charlie Simon, Rita Abelson and Shirley Dubin, and ''mother'' to her many nieces and nephews.
It now expects a loss of 15 to 20 cents a share for the fourth quarter, which ended Feb. 1, after taking an inventory write-off and other charges.
''I realized I had to do all the other aspects: write the copy, be the art director, sell the advertising, be the circulation person,'' he said.
''I think his inconsistency has hurt his case for electability.''
The notion that the urge to splurge is fundamentally defensive death denial above and beyond the quite legitimate pursuit of material comfort and aesthetic pleasure is supported by both the historical record and contemporary empirical research.
We will miss her love and strength, and cherish her memory.
For New Jersey in particular, however, there is another argument going around: that there are just too many elections, each with its own calendar and hours of operation -- school boards and school budgets, up to three repeat referendums for each rejected school budget, nonpartisan municipal government elections, primary elections and the state's whimsically staggered gubernatorial election cycle.
Officials suspected that the cargo might include 8,000 spent fuel rods that North Korea has removed from a cooling pond after saying it was no longer bound by the 1994 Geneva framework agreement under which it suspended work at the facility.
Her parents, Marilyn and Edwin Sherman, live in Boca Raton, Fla.
Unfortunately, President Bush has taken the stick of a military strike off the table for now (even wimps like myself believe in waving sticks from time to time).
George Freeman, assistant general counsel for The Times Company, said that what was at stake in the questioning of the reporters was a fundamental element of the journalistic process: the protection of people who supply information to reporters on the condition of anonymity.
Six minutes after her run-in with the forklift, Ms. Tharp, unscathed, began 30 minutes of stretching.
To the Editor: ''Just Who, Really, Is a Birkenstock Voter?,'' your Oct. 5 Week in Review article asked.
In a three-day period on the front line due east of Mosul, Special Operations soldiers had American planes drop more than 200 bombs on Iraqi positions in Khazir.
His buyers, the United Nations investigation showed, included his newly appointed deputy maritime affairs commissioner, Sanjivan Ruprah, a Kenyan.
Christopher J. Christie, the United States attorney in Newark, said Mr. Tuten's group ran drug sales in three sections of Camden and made $120,000 per week by selling about 1.5 kilograms of cocaine and heroin.
These are all men in or close to their 30's, like Armstrong, who turns 32 in September.
The family has its own private island in the British Virgin Islands.
But aides to the senator and lobbyists closely following the situation said that Mr. Bruno was considering allowing the bill to come to the floor for a vote on Wednesday, even if he is not sure of how his entire Republican conference intends to vote for it.
It is time to stop blaming the outside world for the deadly fanaticism in Saudi Arabia, which some Saudis have done in saying that the Sept. 11 attackers had been brainwashed elsewhere.
But the effects of this upon the ministry and witness of the overwhelming majority of Anglicans particularly in the non-Western world have to be confronted with honesty.''
''The pass coverage was something I thought was a weakness when I got drafted, but it's something I have been working on for a while.
16 14 6 *LOST LIGHT, by Michael Connelly.
Hours: Wednesdays through Sundays, noon to 5 p.m.
Mr. Bondevik, a Christian Democrat, knows the peril of acting imperiously in a land of 4.5 million equals.
The assertion was published in a government dossier on Iraq last September as Mr. Blair sought to win public support for war.
''But we felt it was better to try to help kids now rather than put it off for another year.''
Mr. Connor said that none of the rights the court enunciated today were found in either the text of the Constitution or the history of the nation.
So why can't we overcome it?
''Living in America: The Mexican Community,'' a three-weekend series of performances and screenings celebrating the contributions of Mexicans to the art world.
That is an incredibly difficult balancing act.''
To the Editor: As a black American, I would like to respond to ''Hiring in Nation Hits Worst Slump in Nearly 20 Years'' (front page, Feb. 6).
It covers many areas, but the commission looked only at athletics.
''From 1976 to 1992,'' she says, ''just remove that entire chunk from your life, and that's what happened.''
Mr. Bernanke, who joined the Fed last year to fill an unfinished term, has spoken out on topics ranging from the risk of deflation to the way the Fed might change its approach to setting policy.
NEW YORK YANKEES--Activated SS Derek Jeter from the 15-day disabled list.
The man, William Jefferson Clinton, said he was not thinking about himself, of course.
''I saw it coming,'' he said.
Mikhail Saakashvili, a former protégé of Mr. Shevardnadze, is the most fiery of three major opposition leaders.
''We are trying to develop a total health package.''
25) were once again dizzying.
Through mark-to-market accounting, the report says, ''Enron often recognized earnings before these activities generated any cash.''
But he was re-elected to the House seven times, paving the way for Democrats in traditionally Republican central New York.
The Islanders (15-15-2-1) have a 6-3-0-1 record in that span, and Yashin scored the winning goals in two of their last three victories.
The official said the administration was generally pleased that Iran would provide such support, calling it a ''positive trend.''
The Ottomans went to Anatolia, essentially today's Turkey, on the frontier of the Byzantine Empire.
Forget Dangerfield's or the ''Saturday Night Live'' set at Rockefeller Center.
For the charges to sway the recall at this late date, it will take more than the ad campaign being mounted by women's groups.
At times he tempered his enthusiasm.
I love Duvivier's stuff; it's always one inch short of opera.
The Mets have excelled at treating their record with a bit of skepticism, noting that they have been blown out only twice in 15 games and have been in all the other games they lost.
They were Akira Kurosawa (1910-98) and Toshiro Mifune (1920-97), and beginning on Friday, their achievements will be celebrated in a monthlong program of 13 films presented by BAMcinématek, the repertory film program of the BAM Rose Cinemas at the Brooklyn Academy of Music.
To the Palestinians, it is an emblem, in steel and concrete, of what they see as Israel's determination to annex large parts of the West Bank, pre-empting their return in any future land-for-peace deal.
After Reconstruction, Alabama's constitution was rewritten ''to create a government that couldn't do anything wrong to them anymore,'' said James W. Williams Jr., director of Samford University's Public Affairs Research Council.
After a six-month trial involving more than 1,000 funerals in Missouri, the Pentagon announced this month that the device, known as a ceremonial bugler, could be used across the world at military funerals for which a human bugler is not available.
''We have a minor league pipeline filled with talent, and we have excellent scouts out there continuing to fill the pipeline.
''He was into creating a cult of personality,'' says Peter Benedek, who hired Polone in 1989 to join the Bauer-Benedek Agency, which soon became United Talent Agency.
The standard error of measurement on the Stanford 9, developed by Harcourt Assessment, is 3.2 points, meaning Derek's score may reflect a reading ability above the 51st percentile.
They are doing so ''where they can,'' she said.
Dr. Spiropulu's strategy was to set aside ''in a box'' the data that might show the new particles.
On wide expanses of rice paper, the Beijing-born New Yorker paints a rich mix of classical Chinese-style landscape and modern satire with extraordinary skill and novelistic imagination.
His doubts are such that he says, ''If I had to plunk, I'd plunk against war.''
But Ms. Otieno, of the Kikuyu tribe, Kenya's largest, considers that tradition to be bunk.
''I'd pull it apart and make two or three arrangements,'' he said.
An ambitious project for one of Adam Sandler's house directors, Frank Coraci (''The Waterboy,'' ''The Wedding Singer'').
His 254 carries and 975 rushing yards were Smith's lowest since his rookie season.
On a recent Saturday afternoon, Jim and Camille Spannagel were practicing their usual weekend activity: keeping track of their children.
Mr. Di Risio, who has left the company, was not available for comment.
The continuous flattened-out view, which records each of the 620 buildings along and near the park's edge as seen from the park, forms the basis of a new book, ''Manhattan Within'' (Random House, 2003).
The former president was one of about 150 people who were asked to fill out the questionnaires, which sat in a big pile in the courtroom yesterday.
Todd Barkan, the organization's artistic administrator, said that Jazz at Lincoln Center was still planning to open its new Columbus Circle home in the fall of 2004.
They also said Mr. Fowler favored putting more resources into state organizations than the campaign had done so far and that he feared that by taking on so many establishment political professionals, the campaign would lose the ''outsider'' label that had attracted so many volunteers in the first place.
''I am concerned when people in our society can't find work,'' Mr. Bush said today after attending Easter services at nearby Fort Hood.
Democrats will continue to demand that the president develop a plan that ensures mission success by protecting our troops and encouraging other countries to contribute with manpower and money.
Back to bed knowing all is right with the world.
His scenes of life in rural Britain are filled with charm.
Wild Strawberry, 136 Second Avenue South; (907) 766-3608.
At the Bowery Ballroom tomorrow night at 10; admission is $14.
Many of its insights are still the starting point for many discussions of the inner workings of Japanese society.''
A carefully constructed speech, like a poem or a brief or a piece of music, has a shape that helps makes it memorable.
But in early 1985, he and the president's chief of staff, James A. Baker III, swapped positions, and Mr. Regan was thrust into an arena whose battles left lasting scars.
''It's not a government building.
Once the rebellions had been quelled, thousands of young men -- and often whole families -- who were suspected of disloyalty to Mr. Hussein were driven to mass grave sites, where they were machine-gunned or buried alive.
American intelligence officials believe it could carry chemical or biological warheads.
He used to talk to me about being in control over one's life, having control over one's own destiny.
Dr. Brodhead has written or edited books on many American authors, including Hawthorne, Melville, Faulkner and Charles W. Chesnutt, an African-American from North Carolina who wrote after the Civil War.
With a slight chuckle, Ms. Varis explained her penchant for controversy.
Williams succeeds with pitches running just off the plate, and the Yankees refused to chase them yesterday.
The Southampton registry, similar to the one East Hampton's Town Board adopted unanimously in September, will make it possible for unmarried couples to register their relationships, often a first step in sharing medical insurance and other job benefits.
As Mr. Arar tells it, American officials detained him on circumstantial evidence during what was supposed to be a brief stopover at Kennedy Airport on Sept. 26, 2002.
Beloved friend to many in New York's gay community.
For the week ended on Tuesday, the average yield on taxable money market accounts remained at an all-time low, 0.81 percent.
It was tough love from Popovich, a graduate of the Air Force Academy, and it paid off, as Jackson, who continued to work with the Spurs that summer, dominated his perimeter teammates at the next training camp and eventually became the starting shooting guard.
You learn as much about both the woman and her art as can probably be learned at this distance, which is plenty, but (as Sheehy would doubtless admit) still not enough to explain either.
SangStat Medical increased $6.76, to $22.23.
Back when the Kozy Bar still looked out on an empty lot, few people here knew what had happened to those men: three black circus workers who were hanged from a light pole on June 15, 1920, as a crowd of 10,000 looked on.
''All this puts people together who are indigenous.
Ground coffee and boiling water are stirred in the carafe, allowed to sit for four minutes, then poured through a filter.
.5:18:03 27079 Leite Jr, H, 35M .
Technology heavyweights set to report quarterly results this week include Apple Computer, I.B.M., Microsoft and Sun Microsystems.
Those who know this set of elegiac songs might imagine they still hear them, so deeply are they ingrained in the choreography.
They were visiting Chelsea Piers, the 30-acre waterfront sports complex between 17th and 23rd Streets along the Hudson, as part of a career awareness program offered by the Fresh Air Fund.
Ms. Stark explained that in New York City, the assessed value of a particular piece of property is a ratio -- or a fraction -- of the market value.
That's the problem at hand when the Brothers Garcia head back to their roots in ''Mysteries of the Maya,'' an original movie that has its premiere Saturday at 8 p.m. on Nickelodeon.
For now, said Josh Bernoff, an analyst at Forrester Research, the fear of personal video recorders is not potent enough to drive Hollywood into the arms of Mystro TV.
ERIC SACHS Director, Scientific Affairs Monsanto Company St. Louis, Feb. 21, 2003
Lee Malvo is on trial in the killing of Linda Franklin, an F.B.I.
''We thought, 'Get over it; half of us weren't even born,''' Cash said last week at the Palace of Auburn Hills, where Laimbeer played with the Detroit Pistons, winning two titles, and where he is now trying to guide the Shock to its first title.
The Senate majority leader, Joseph L. Bruno, however, said he and his Republican colleagues would kill any proposal for a broad-based rise in taxes.
How Heywood evaded punishment (some less well-connected mutineers were executed), and how Bligh became the undeserving villain of a tale that should have made him a hero, is a story of enormous complexity, one with ramifications that seem to spin off in every direction, into the bowels and high offices of the Royal Navy, into the faded lineage of the English and Manx gentry, into the associations of the Christian family with some of the major Romantic writers.
But the White House chief of staff, Andrew H. Card Jr., said on ''Fox News Sunday'' that Mrs. Clinton was ''clearly mistaken.''
For directors of international programs, it means a daunting new role as government watchdogs.
''We saw something like a shooting star going through the sky and then it dropped on our village.''
''We've known that they lived together, but this is the first evidence of Native Americans adopting European or possibly African traditions,'' Dr. Mrozowski said.
A shutdown of Iraqi oil fields or another Arab oil embargo could spur world prices and domestic American production.
''Any law stops people from doing what they really want to do.''
That enviable reputation sprang from developments under the hood, rather than any stroke of styling brilliance.
And when Hotspur, played by Ethan Hawke, followed Lady Percy to a bedchamber with the line ''I must away within these two hours,'' it is probably the first time he got such a lusty laugh.
The case is especially complicated because Mr. Silverstein took control of the office complex at the trade center only six weeks before the terrorist attack.
''It is very difficult for them to make war.''
Australia has had a mutual security pact with the United States since 1951.
''So even a dumb AM or FM receiver can tell you a lot about what you are listening to.''
It's buried beneath a dialogue track, and an effects track.''
While that number is relatively strong compared to the state as a whole, it nevertheless indicates that a large portion of Long Island students fail to achieve what the state wants them to achieve in middle school.
Mr. DeGuerin said that after Mr. Black was shot, Mr. Durst ran for help.
Under a 1994 law, the Food and Drug Administration cannot take action to regulate a dietary supplement unless there is substantial evidence of its danger.
Mosque loudspeakers called on all Palestinian men with weapons to join in the fighting, which continued to rage into the pre-dawn hours.
Still, behind a reinvigorated Horry, a suddenly mobile Devean George and a determined and accurate Derek Fisher, Bryant and Shaquille O'Neal may have enough help to survive their current peril.
and a .894 save percentage this season.
At a select liberal arts school like Allegheny College, ''raising the bar'' most often refers to academic rigor, not pole-vaulting.
For Mr. Hussein's government, the vise is tightening, on the ground and from the air.
''Heck, it seemed like they had the bases loaded every inning,'' Pettitte said.
The fish stopped briefly, only to take off again in a wide arc, allowing me to gain a few turns of line.
Some of it, he said, was not scientifically valid.
He said similar things on a fund-raising trip last week through California, Oregon and Washington, where he spoke to county and state G.O.P.
Although diabetes and heart problems forced his retirement from the fund at 63, Mr. Edley remained active in many causes.
Ramon Martinez had a sacrifice fly.
''We need not be afraid to tax them, if we lay taxes justly,'' he said.
New York is the pastrami capital of the world.
There was no immediate response to the veto from the Assembly speaker, Sheldon Silver, or the Senate majority leader, Joseph L. Bruno.
A member of Merrill's executive committee describes him as being one of the toughest, most demanding bosses he has ever had.
Many were needlessly held for weeks or months, often in harsh conditions, while the F.B.I.
His wife, Georgia, made the sign of the cross.
It's kind of the hip trend, but also very expensive.
He will be sorely missed.
''Often we hear things like, 'This just won't work for me,' or 'The house is too weird, too quirky,' '' said Bill McCutcheon, a sales associate with Coldwell Banker in White Plains.
As he once explained: ''When you're onstage, part of you wants to be off as fast as possible.
Ms. Spears is someone who lives more in the world of feelings than facts, which is one reason she can be a difficult interview but blossom on stage or in the studio.
I want to make up my own mind.''
Some find such avocados, which Florida produces from June to February, to be watery, but people from the Caribbean relish their lighter, more fruitlike flavor and use them in drinks and ice cream.
In his brief remarks during the conference call, Mr. Nicholas said that the company had ''successfully navigated the worst downturn in semiconductor history.''
Big draw: it's all about the smoked brisket, baby.
If the latest act in Mr. Pacino's restless career has been marked by impressive, even compulsive productivity, the characters he has played have been distinguished by their tiredness.
Paella Azul replaces the traditional rice with rice noodles; I like the original better.
Penalties against exporting timber, a lucrative trade, kicked in today.
Gradually, we have grown deeply attached to the house, the village and the region, which is the essence of bucolic England.
The Tony for best actress in a musical will pit the veteran Ms. Peters as the consummate stage mother Momma Rose against a newcomer, Marissa Jaret Winokur, as the big-haired, full-figured teenage activist in ''Hairspray.''
More than the miserliness of the landlord, the mother is lamenting the capriciousness of her fate.
In one case she maintained that a worker whose employer lied to him about his exposure to dangerous chemicals should not be able to sue for his injuries.
In the bond market, the yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 3.66 percent from 3.58 percent the previous week.
Just the addition of vivid instrumental coloring in ''The Great Procession,'' scored for chamber ensemble including feisty percussion, made that 30-minute score more involving.
Originally, YES wanted fees based on all 2.9 million Cablevision subscribers.
''Unfortunately, we've been in a deficit situation for two years, the better part of three, now, and we have not seen an appropriate change in Congressional behavior.''
Therefore, if a 3-month-old child weighs only 10 pounds, its weight gain has been below the U.S. average.
The contributors pledged several million dollars each from their own personal fortunes or from their companies or associates.
People are saying, 'Why do I need a four-wheel-drive S.U.V.
Besides providing an elegant travelogue, the photographs give some idea of the many sources that Noguchi drew on for his work.
''Dream Jungle'' scrupulously documents its chosen time and place: the Marcos-controlled Philippines of the 1970's.
The move was put on hold.
More recently, however, American intelligence officials and other experts have pointed to satellite photographs showing activity at the compound that raised questions about whether Iraq might have rebuilt a uranium extraction plant at the site, possibly even underground.
), and Koretha Johnson added 15 points.
Gyration's Media Center Remote, a combination remote control and mouse, uses gyroscopic motion-sensing technology to translate hand and wrist movements into commands that control an on-screen pointer.
.3:51:03 5632 Wells, B, 36F .
As China's central government pledges to quell corruption and build the rule of law, those efforts are commonly stymied by a lack of cooperation at the local level.
Mr. Donaldson and his top aides have been consulted by Mr. Reed in recent weeks, and all elements of the package were known at the commission before they were disclosed publicly yesterday.
To the Editor: Reading David Cote's article ''Drama for the Ear and the Imagination'' [Aug. 17] in the immediate aftermath of the blackout, I was reminded of the extraordinary power of radio to tell a compelling story.
Kenneth S. Geller, an author of the authoritative treatise on Supreme Court practice, filed a brief for General Motors, one of Michigan's biggest employers.
A3 NATIONAL A18-27 Utah Kidnapping Suspect Described as Polygamist Relatives of Elizabeth Smart said the authorities had shared information with them indicating that the chief suspect in the girl's 9-month disappearance was a polygamist.
Jim Chee of the Navajo Tribal Police and his retired mentor, Joe Leaphorn, probe the murder of an undercover agent.
''We will be watching the situation closely in Zimbabwe,'' he added.
Mr. Manwaring said prices topped out at about $23 a pound at the end of last season.
A FEDERAL appeals court ruling issued in New York this month could crucially weaken the multibillion-dollar managed care industry, the H.M.O.
In a telephone interview last month, Riley spoke enthusiastically about his young club's similarities to his ''Showtime'' Lakers and, moments later, about his desire to step away from coaching.
After a moment, he added, ''The 737 has the best safety record of any airplane ever built.''
Ms. Griffith, however, projects big, while doing what seems like very little.
The number of Americans going to Europe and the Middle East has been down sharply since the attacks on Sept. 11.
Things will be looking up at the box office next weekend, when ''Matrix Revolutions'' and Will Farrell's family comedy ''Elf'' will jumpstart the holiday season.
In a careful staging of their appearances, Mr. Bustamante followed Mr. Davis to the lectern by a few minutes, with a mariachi band sandwiched between them.
At the Madrid aid conference, Saudi Arabia pledged $1 billion in new loans and credits for Iraq -- and Germany and France pledged 0 new dollars.
At the Cheyenne Diner, down the block at 33rd and Ninth, Mr. Keyes met Tommy Parlionis, a contractor.
I think it is anti-Semitic, and that you don't just ignore it.
.4:22:11 13135 O'Hara, B, 28M .
Some senators expressed doubt about whether any tax cut was wise, but they were in the minority, one of those present said.
That settlement also establishes an independent panel to oversee the Division of Youth and Family Services.
''Throughout the 90's Jaguar had what I would characterize as a very athletic, consistent and dramatic improvement in initial quality,'' Mr. Ivers said.
Not all containers are equal.
''Mobil Oil is the subject of the government's ongoing investigation,'' said Peter Neiman, an assistant United States attorney.
.4:52:29 21400 Gomez- Raggio, J, 47M .
The Islanders seem incapable of grabbing anything on their own these days.
If you lack firewall protection, an intruder could even remotely take over your computer.
It was the third Cup for Nieuwendyk, who made $5 million in 2002-3.
''It will help get rid of some of the surplus wine that we have.''
Mr. Poole was not available for comment yesterday.
By now, after 10 billion years, if there were more than one spacefaring civilization in the galaxy, they would be tripping over one another or one another's artifacts.
Playing organized croquet is also relatively inexpensive, Mr. Soo said, pointing to the growing number of clubs in California, Florida, Massachusetts, North Carolina and Illinois whose membership fees are generally far less than golf and country clubs'.
Kariya, a two-time winner of the Lady Byng Trophy for gentlemanly play, accepted the bump with grace, and the play ended with the Ducks' first shot of the period.
The Cuban, who is the self-described largest dealer of Ecstasy in North America, moves product via speedboat and conceals it in coffins.
By now, in Za-Kpota, 15 miles east of Abomey, where the Dahomey kingdom famously enriched itself by selling rival tribespeople into the trans-Atlantic slave trade, the trafficking of children is established and well organized.
Mutombo played 20 minutes, scored 4 points and blocked two shots at critical moments in the third quarter.
Dr. Ellen Klausner, a psychologist in White Plains, advises parents to ''take a few steps back and see what they're trying to accomplish through their children.''
Mr. Meadows indicates their ease together, even though Shirley can't commit to Dek, who, unlike Jimmy, has no affinity for bad-boy behavior.
The Predators had been trying to reach .500 at home for the first time this season.
When you order an Infiniti or either satellite-equipped Nissan, you can now have the factory install a tuner and antenna for either service.
As productive and as passionate as Matsui has been lately, the Mets have been the opposite.
Ms. Wolfe-Dawidjan, 52, stands only 4 feet 8 inches tall, but she is nonetheless a formidable presence at the New Washington Apartments, where security cameras monitor the comings and goings of the tenants and Bob Bromps, a corrections officer assigned to most of the sex offenders in the building, is often on the premises.
''Peter started me off gently, and I am grateful for that,'' he said.
And any student of the animal kingdom will tell you that males and females of a species act differently.
Not everyone could come up with a plot, music and songs that tell of a father who operates a sky diving school, his straying wife and their teenage son; a parachute jump that carries the father and a client -- a woman abandoned by her husband -- over the very field where the wife is trysting with the lover her husband has never suspected.
These photographs were regarded as the private obsession of an amateur, not the work of an artist of professional ambitions.
One Sunday evening, I found myself in the hands of a waiter who knew little more about sake than I do, which is not a great deal.
The days ahead will indicate whether the American decision to press ahead with a relatively small invasion force supported by overwhelming air and missile power was a wise one.
Not until 2001 did it receive national press attention, in a series of articles in The San Jose Mercury News.
''Why would anyone want to keep a piece of the Columbia?''
A second common harbinger of turning points is the percentage of Americans saying they expect the next five years to bring periods of widespread unemployment, and that declined to 36 percent in May, from 51 percent in March, the University of Michigan said.
Both Florida and Virginia allow juveniles accused of murder to be tried as adults, and both allow older teenagers to be put to death.
Geneva Carr is just right as the mother.
''I had one in the ground, but it went down to 8 degrees one day, which is very cold for us.
Sixty-seven Britons were killed in the terrorist attack.
There are three public wells on Shelter Island, he said, and one sewer system.
The authors said that once it had been athletes mainly in football, basketball and ice hockey who lagged academically but that now it was athletes across the full range of men's and most women's sports.
If the Knicks raised questions with their first-round selection, they raised hopes by snatching Lampe, who had been projected as high as No.
Osmosis Enzyme Bath and Massage, 209 Bohemian Highway, Freestone, Calif. 95472; (707) 823-8231, fax (707) 874-3788; www.osmosis.com.
After days of intense prodding to embrace the Mujahedeen way, he finally relented to the oath.
The two-decades-long war in Sudan was not a front-burner problem for the new administration, and Mr. Rove was not a foreign policy adviser.
Three of her books were reissued in the 1980's with introductions by Anita Brookner, whom Templeton resembles in the close-up view she takes of female emotion, and in the restricted social territory covered by her fiction.
Mr. Freeman, the foundation official, met recently with European Commission officials on the issue.
ANNETTE SWIERZBINSKI New York, Nov. 2, 2003
In ''On the Waterfront,'' the protagonist, Terry Malloy, played memorably by Marlon Brando, appears before a commission investigating union corruption and informs on friends as well as enemies.
But in a conference call with analysts yesterday, Jacques Espinasse, Vivendi Universal's chief financial officer, said that if the bids for the entertainment assets were not acceptable, the company -- eager to reduce its staggering debt -- might try to raise money by spinning off 25 percent to 30 percent of the entertainment businesses to the public.
In Bergen County, for instance, freeholders recently allocated $290,000 to buy protective outfits for emergency responders in 70 towns.
Perhaps the most surprising theory, advanced by Dr. McLaren, is that the overfishing of the Grand Banks, close to where the Titanic sank, has produced an explosion in tiny marine life that is normally eaten but now falls steadily, like a never-ending snow, speeding up the ship's rusting.
The first segment, which runs through Dec. 28, shows Balanchine giving a tour of the School of American Ballet and working on a ballet, ''Yankee Doodle,'' both from the children's show ''Let's Take a Trip,'' as well as a pas de deux from ''The Nutcracker'' danced by Tanaquil LeClercq and Jacques d'Amboise and a telecast of that ballet, created for Playhouse 90, that features Diana Adams, Allegra Kent, Arthur Mitchell and Edward Villella, with Balanchine as the mysterious Herr Drosselmeier.
not to care about anything.
''We saw the beginnings of a recovery in the electronics segment'' in the second quarter, the note said, adding, ''we will also begin to implement, in earnest, fixed-cost reductions (including headcount reductions).''
What had been disposed of was, in fact, eight boxes of mail addressed to Mr. Nordlinger.
Though Mr. Banderas's best-known work has been in film (''The Mask of Zorro,'' ''Evita'' and several films by Pedro Almodóvar), he has an appealingly easy stage presence and an agreeable singing voice that shifts, a bit abruptly, between pop whisperiness and Broadway belting.
Loving father of Elizabeth, Susan & Katherine Bartley.
How will Payton, used to dominating the ball and backing down smaller point guards, exist in the triangle offense, where the point guard is all but irrelevant?
Manager Grady Little said Martínez could pitch next week, so his back strain might cause him to miss only two starts.
A spokesman said Mr. Keating would not elaborate on his letter, which was released by the bishops conference.
Revenue for the unit totaled $5.5 billion, up 13 percent year-over-year and down 1 percent from the first quarter because of normal seasonal fluctuations, the company said.
Later, gather up all the available evidence and see which outlines have more or less support, an engineering process of elimination known as fault-tree analysis.
Catcher Vance Wilson said Leiter's use of changeups and curveballs eased the fatigue, and Leiter said he could have pitched another inning.
The Nasdaq composite index fell 12.23 points, or 0.7 percent, to 1,765.32.
On Sept. 14 of that season, The Boston Post carried a four-line poem by Gerry Hern, its sports editor, beseeching Spahn and Sain to assume the pitching burden in the final weeks and hoping for some rain to give them enough rest between outings.
They paid particular attention to anarchists, who, in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, had carried out some bombings in Paris.
''He didn't know where he was going,'' he said of Jesus.
Her mother, Barbara Herbst, lives in Denver, where she is a petroleum research consultant.
This time they battle an ex-angel (Demi Moore) in a frantic, mostly incomprehensible action rush that ''is like eating a bowl of Honeycomb drenched in Red Bull,'' A. O. Scott wrote in The Times.
Documents provided yesterday by the United States Olympic Committee to John Hancock Financial Services, a major Olympic sponsor, show that the U.S.O.C.
Shares of Gemstar rose 10 cents, or 3.4 percent, to $3.04.
Environmentalists blame the salmon farms.
Long after the other authors had packed up and headed back to their hotel rooms, Ms. Brockmann was still signing away, her energy refusing to wane.
''Ol' Strom, he lived on the ground.''
And the contemplative aesthetic of a legendary craftsman's wood furniture is hauntingly captured in ''NATURE FORM AND SPIRIT: THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF GEORGE NAKASHIMA.''
Mr. Nordenson's contribution has won praise from many.
And that's as close to the real Proust as ''My Life With Albertine'' gets.
You also carry around this tremendous self-confidence that your parents gave you, that you can do anything against whatever odds.''
The last time I encountered Serkin was backstage at Jordan Hall in Boston in 1989.
A thick carpet of moist leaves turned the steep hillside into a trampoline, while in the dark canopy 30 feet overhead, workers on ladders used long clipping poles to snip the oval green fruit into canvas bags.
''All they have to prove now is that the sergeant had a duty and he didn't do it,'' Mr. Fidell said.
''I'd feel better if we'd gone in after they'd tested it more,'' said Specialist Jake Herring, 20, of Kirkland, Wash. During an early-morning patrol on Wednesday, Strykers from Company A disgorged soldiers who fanned out into streets and alleys, the vehicles following at a distance.
Moyes has told the club's supporters via the team's Web site that he would like to keep McBride; indeed, McBride might not have come over at all had it not been for Moyes, who coached him at the First Division's Preston North End several years ago.
It will be the final exhibition game before Coach April Heinrichs chooses her World Cup roster.
The subtitle of ''The Growing Seasons'' might well have been ''The Rules of the Game.''
Dr. Lee said the researchers had thought about using it ''as a kind of 'style dial''' to rewrite documents automatically for different groups -- adapting articles on technical subjects for a children's encyclopedia, for example.
Gramatica, a third-round draft pick in 1999, and his brother Bill, the kicker for Arizona, celebrate exuberantly after crucial kicks, leaping high into the air; Bill Gramatica jumped so high once he hyperextended his knee while landing.
Mr. Silvester, who has been in jail for 23 months, could be released on parole in a little less than a year, prosecutors said.
But it has also sold 750,000 decks to retail stores like Walgreen's.
.4:42:22 18594 Fokker- Scheepens, M, 41F 4:42:22 18595 Whiteside, B, 52M .
The production is quite a sprint, even if some of the directorial bits -- a long, gymnastically raunchy sex act à trois, for example -- become the most mundane kind of slapstick.
New guard, old guard, every time we've been there, we have felt welcomed like neighborhood regulars, and after a small splurge on a good simple meal and a glass of wine, we set off down Broadway to the last thriving art-film haven on the Upper West Side, Lincoln Plaza Cinema, to see ''Swimming Pool.''
The couple were born in Jamaica, several friends and relatives said, and met there before emigrating to the United States.
He was blown out once, and in the other six games, his earned run average is 1.33.
''There was no pass interference,'' Winter said.
But the Hurricanes covered 48 yards in 5 plays to tie the score.
That play involved the mental peregrinations of two cantankerous octogenarians, a retired Jewish waiter who is white and a precariously employed apartment superintendent who is black.
Tonight and tomorrow night at 9 and 11; cover charge is $30, and there is a $10 minimum (Ratliff).
''It's probably higher for the older ones,'' she added.
''The quicker we get a body there, the quicker we get things moving, and having people inside the tunnel is the best way to do that.''
''I didn't realize I was breaking so many taboos when I was doing 'Maus,' '' he said.
's, similar to what is seen in airplanes.
''For Pittsburgh not to have such a celebrated orchestra would be a great travesty,'' Mr. Jansons said.
Still, it intrigued me -- like a snake.''
''Once the investigation is complete, we'll make a further decision.''
Or if not cargo pants, the newer knee-length culottes, a schoolgirl look taking hold among the stylish here.
.3:39:24 3625 Moraux, D, 50M .
Not only will the economy come back, but it will come back ''very vigorously.''
The team added Recaro racing seats, a must in the tuner market, but an expensive modification.
Mr. Moussa has said the delegation would not have raised the issue.
American authorities have been uncertain of his location since the American bombing of his hideout in Tora Bora, a mountainous region of Afghanistan, in late 2001 -- though he is believed to have escaped the attack.
Ms. Patel said her team mixed at least 180 combinations to create just the right mix so that the product both smelled and tasted like strawberries mixed with bananas.
But Mr. Cheney, who rarely speaks in a big Washington forum, is the most senior official aside from the president to push the plan, and his speech suggests the high priority the White House is placing on what it calls its ''jobs and growth'' package.
Then, 300 written and oral submissions, more than ever received for an air regulation issue, had to be analyzed.
As Frey takes pains to make clear, he was a particularly hard case -- an omnivorous drinker, crack smoker and occasional drug dealer who was wanted in three states on outstanding charges.
''I think that's really much more divisive than the remark that I made and apologized for,'' he said while campaigning in Iowa.
Mr. DeGuerin congratulated the jury for setting aside ''what happened after'' the shooting and focusing on how Mr. Black had died.
Ms. Vargas's voice has lowered and roughened since her early hits, but she has traded the illusion of youthful innocence for a galvanizing sense of drama.
While Newman's characters are entertaining, they are too unremittingly quirky and their narratives too truncated to sustain empathy, robbing the book of the emotional depth it seems to be striving for; though the story is centered on the search for love as well as personal enlightenment, these searches lack the necessary pathos to make them resonate.
E1 'Haunted Mansion' Is Top Film The movie box office was dominated by family films on Thanksgiving weekend, with Eddie Murphy's spooky comedy, ''The Haunted Mansion,'' finishing as the No.
A few hours later, he said doctors told him, his mother became ''violently ill suddenly'' during a CAT scan and lapsed into a coma, apparently from a brain hemorrhage, and died.
Joe Cosenza, the chairman of Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, the buying arm for the Inland companies, said he felt very lucky to have acquired the centers, which were put on the market earlier this year with no set price.
Rather, the fees would be handled as loans, which students would be required to repay only after after they have left school and begun earning about $25,000 or $30,000 a year.
''It's a state of grace, which is being on the way to somewhere and not necessarily knowing where that somewhere is, but knowing why it's worth trying to find it.''
Gino, still standing, listens quietly to what Ron has to say, then blinks and, as if nothing has happened, continues: ''Let's put it this way.
But while English then became his primary language, he remained fluent in Afrikaans, a language with its origins in Dutch settlers.
Dr. McCormick said that if Rutgers did not accept the current proposal by Jan. 1, the deadline set by Governor McGreevey and one that almost everyone involved agreed could not be met, then further talks on the scaled-back plan would probably continue.
Some of the post-Fascist politicians in Mr. Berlusconi's government were trying to distance themselves from Fascism, an effort that recently yielded a trip by Deputy Prime Minister Gianfranco Fini to Israel.
The suspect, who police believe was armed, fled on Route 280 eastbound in a 1992 Honda Acura.
WIC programs distribute Farmers' Market Coupons, redeemable for produce only at farmers' markets certified by the State Department of Agriculture and Markets.
Yet rebuilding the alliance is key if the Bush administration is to rebuild an idea that Washington has championed for half a century: globalization.
From Alan Bartlett's series of guides, those with the best climbs are ''Rock Climbs of Lost Horse Valley,'' ''Rock Climbs of Hidden Valley'' and ''Rock Climbs of Central Joshua Tree,'' all published by Quail Springs.
I still need to get the payroll down.
A first-person account of survival in the Warsaw ghetto, covering the years 1939-45.
BURNING SPEAR, Roxy, 515 West 18th Street, Chelsea, (212) 645-5156; the Downtown, 190 Main Street, Farmingdale, N.Y., (516) 293-7700.
''We had constructivism and an avant-garde.''
For years, Nancy S. Parsons thought that her house was the only one in this sprawling suburb of Buffalo that was sinking.
To hold down development last year, the town increased its lot size from an acre and a half to two acres, specifying that a house must be put on a 150-foot-square that is free of easements, wetlands, watercourses, setbacks, slopes and ledge.
The hotel and its 1,006 rooms overlook the Tokyo Dome, home to the Tokyo Yomiuri Giants baseball team.
I agree with Art's view that it's very early, there is a lot of baseball to play and we still expect to be a good baseball team.''
From the ''Satyricon,'' too, Harris gets his characters' spiky vernacular; when one of them gloats about a villa that cost him ''a cool 10 million,'' it sounds straight out of Petronius.
They argued that the court had eased the law by holding that libraries could turn the software off and on readily for adults who ask to use unfiltered computers.
Mr. Jones's background in printing, however, had helped him cement a relationship that proved crucial: a friendship with the Rev.
The foundation says it has research, including a paper published in The American Journal of Public Health, to show that the ads are having the desired effect.
No one disputes that the 85 police officers in Key West, which attracts hundreds of thousands of visitors a year, have their hands full.
She let the pears cool in the wine, then she refrigerated them so they could marinate for 48 hours.
The downscale Kiabi, by contrast, located in the working-class suburb of Créteil, lured thousands of shoppers by opening its warehouselike store at one minute after midnight today.
''It's kind of like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich,'' Ms. Mahon said, describing the layered design.
Loving father of Rita Birnbaum (Stanley) and Beverly S. Goldfarb (Dr. Herbert).
To trim $150 million from LIPA's 2004 budget, a LIPA spokesman, Bert Cunningham, said the utility would put everything on the table.
''It is a reasonably good document,'' Alejandro Armas, an opposition negotiator, told reporters.
Some of Mr. Grooms's early relief works featured rather shopworn subjects like Charlie Chaplin and Buster Keaton.
Some of the articles also accuse Mills of winning the development rights more on political grounds than on the basis of economic merit, an accusation that Hartz Mountain has made against the company's Meadowlands proposal.
''NEW VAUDEVILLE,'' featuring the physical comedy of Tomas Kubinek, tomorrow at 3 p.m. at the College of Staten Island, Center for the Arts, 2800 Victory Boulevard, Willowbrook.
Tying the course record at Colonial Country Club with a blistering nine-under-par 61, Perry raced to the biggest third-round lead on the PGA Tour this year.
They are not to be ignored or made to feel invisible.''
Most shoppers know the post-holiday frustration of gift-buying gone wrong.
Sightseeing On a sunny day, nothing is more pleasant than strolling through the 93-acre Lithia Park.
But in one episode that is still under investigation, a Patriot missile fired by an American battery in Kuwait downed a British warplane last month.
NBC is currently unwilling to put money into the deal, these people said, although the joint venture would assume approximately $2 billion of debt that Vivendi has in the entertainment unit, Vivendi Universal Entertainment.
Those customers will no longer have access to specialized account representatives in the institutional group.
Like Balanchine condensing an evening's worth of choreography into a 20-minute ballet, Hadid compresses Blenheim Palace into spaces that occupy a fraction of the area Vanborough had to work with.
Senator John W. Warner, a Virginia Republican who heads the Armed Services Committee, cautioned that dispatching American reinforcements could hand the guerrilla fighters a propaganda victory and reinforce the image of the American occupation.
Mr. Boyd and other industry critics deride the agency's major security thrust -- looking for objects on passengers -- as ''window dressing'' that annoys passengers and imposes huge costs on airlines while ignoring significant security vulnerabilities elsewhere, like cargo areas, around gates, in warehouses and in maintenance areas of airports and seaports.
The book does reveal, however, that C.I.A.
(Drea De Matteo, Lori Petty and Shelly Cole play the other band members.)
The airline said that it had completed all requirements to begin its first full day of operation outside of Chapter 11 today.
contended that Mr. Weitz and Mr. Altman sold stocks short when they knew underwriters would be allocating them shares in a secondary offering.
Interpublic has been struggling to overcome accounting irregularities and other financial problems.
GenCorp will combine the assets of Atlantic Research with those of a subsidiary, the Aerojet-General Corporation, GenCorp said.
We sat down feeling rather bashful at first to see the ladies look so fine in their dinner dresses, and the waiters thick as hops, and the different courses we had.
in 1972, will succeed Wayne Cherry as vice president for design, North America.
He served in World War II as a radarman on an attack transport ship in the Pacific.
GE executives saw little evidence of a strong recovery but reaffirmed their profit outlook for 2003.
The bill, which was passed by the House of Representatives, would make moot a ruling by a federal judge that blocked the founding family of Taubman Centers from voting its 33.6 percent stake in the company against the offer by Simon Property.
Reporters who will be interviewing Rose on that day will receive advance copies on Jan. 7 but cannot write about the book until after the interview.
That may not last, though.
I didn't tell her about this discovery, both to spare her the worry and to shield myself from the stress of her 'hovering,' which might increase the likelihood of another heart attack.
He spent almost a year there as a pastry chef before Mr. Savoy took him to his restaurant in Paris to fill in during vacations.
It's the way you feel about the town and the locals,'' said David Gonzales, a Jackson resident who wrote ''Jackson Hole: On a Grand Scale'' (Mountain Sports Press, 2001), a history of the ski area's development.
It's not the consequence of either direct repression, à la Ariel Sharon, or bringing the entire Middle East structure tumbling down, à la Bush.
When Mr. Horn walked away, the executive said, Mr. di Bonaventura rolled his eyes and said, ''This is the guy I have to work for.''
Ms. Burk said she did not expect CBS Sports to show her group's protest, whether it ended up just outside the club's grounds or farther away.
The nine students, all but two of them members of the university's baseball or football teams, were among a group of 20 students returning to campus from a fraternity event in Manhattan, friends and university officials said.
''I believe there is a real passion for basketball in Brooklyn,'' Jay-Z said.
Asked last week about strain in his relationship with the Met orchestra and chorus, Mr. Gergiev said that he was ''not experiencing anything except a very, very high degree of pleasure.''
These are race-neutral policies that have led to racially diverse student bodies.
Mr. Bush's national security adviser, Condoleezza Rice, arrived here tonight from Moscow, where she met with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, who had broken with Mr. Bush over the war but whose country has longstanding economic interests in Iraq, including oil.
Men in buoyant insulated jumpsuits laid barriers over the boulders and sand along the Coney Island peninsula yesterday as federal investigators sought to assign responsibility for an oil spill in New York Bay.
''Tears came to my eyes I was so happy,'' she said.
''I think the story today makes clear that there was a reportorial basis for the earlier story,'' he said.
Unlike Kenyon Martin two years ago after the Lakers swept the Nets in the N.B.A.
officer's identity, and the White House on Friday gave its employees until next Tuesday to comply.
Mr. Medina could not be reached tonight for comment, but had told reporters earlier that he was surprised by the action and hoped that the two could resolve their differences.
When Ford unveiled the Freestar at the Chicago auto show, onlookers were surprised by how little the styling had changed.
''If he stays healthy, I don't see a limit to his potential.''
''This could stimulate those sectors of the economy that have been growing the fastest without doing much for the rest,'' said Alan Castle, an economist with Lehman Brothers in London.
''He was shaking, shaking, then he died,'' said Kasim Mustafa Khudair, owner of a telephone kiosk on the corner.
Tiger Woods ended talk that his game was slipping by capturing the 100th Western Open today.
It was the first 200-meter race for Greene since the 2000 Olympic trials, when he and Michael Johnson were injured in the same race.
As coalition forces advance, civilian Iraqi leaders will emerge who can be part of such an interim authority.
Mr. Hines never forgot his dance origins, however, and was a tireless advocate for tap in America.
Wife of the late Ralph M. Thykeson and the late Dr. Louis Held.
(All this hushed subtlety should provide a nice test for Zankel Hall's insulation from subway rumblings.)
There is a formal dining room -- similar to those for independent living residents -- an activities room and spa.
Mr. Gopal, who directed dance schools in Bangalore and London, published his autobiography, ''Rhythm in the Heavens,'' in 1957.
Unlike Lyndon B. Johnson in the Vietnam War, Mr. Bush's advisers said, the president was not choosing enemy targets.
''For many people, the value of the first and second mortgage is more than their salary,'' she said.
But has our technology outstripped our ability to regulate it?
* C. Clift Jones was named to the new post of president at Modernista, Boston, assuming some duties that had been handled by Lance Jensen, who was named chief executive.
CITY UNIVERSITY OF NEW YORK GRADUATE CENTER, 365 Fifth Avenue, at 34th Street.
''For the second time in my life, I'm ashamed of my nationality.
Leith at first takes her to be no more than 15, though she is in fact two years older.
They either came to cheer us on, or they came to see the crazy people trying to make a movie in 10 days.''
It's dense, potent and entirely appropriate to the situation.
Thursday's move could prolong a period of regulatory uncertainty.
And beneath his folksy facade, Franklin was a world-class scientist, an accomplished prose stylist and a brilliant diplomat.
In remarks that were widely expected, Mr. Bush also said it was crucial to counter the spread of nuclear weapons, and called on other nations to help the United States search planes, ships, trains and trucks carrying suspect cargo, and to seize weapons or missile shipments that might contain nuclear material.
14 32 DON'T LET'S GO TO THE DOGS TONIGHT, by Alexandra Fuller.
Mr. Eastman, 33, is a partner in Eastman & Eastman, an entertainment law firm in New York that was founded by his father and his grandfather, the late Lee Eastman.
Professor Bonner, who said that he and his wife planned to travel to Stockholm for the Nobel presentation ceremony, called Dr. Damadian's approach ''very cantankerous.''
Neither is there anything so transgressive that parents need beware.
Sam told me: ''We've become a lot closer -- which is to be expected seeing as we've spent so much time in the company only of each other.
She was also wanted on a bail-jumping charge in connection with the Days of Rage antiwar demonstrations in Chicago in 1969.
Mr. Patton said the Sentinels would remain a force.
ATLANTA FALCONS--Signed DT Devone Claybrooks, K Damon Duval, T Jason Jowers, DE Antwan Lake and T Jared Peck.
Prince Nayef would neither confirm nor deny Mr. Ghamdi's role, saying a full report would be released whenever the investigation was concluded.
The following weeks have been no less challenging.
''Don't get me wrong,'' a barefoot Celine Dion was saying from the stage on Tuesday night in the 4,000-seat theater built for her at Caesars Palace here.
If you had just gone weaker, you might have not had the political impact, but you would not be here.
Loving daughter of the late Moses and Lisa Rosen, beloved wife of the late Milton Skloot and loving mother of the late Steven Skloot.
Ms. Sedaris moved here 10 years ago, after four years with the Second City comedy troupe in Chicago.
The new service also offers 30-second previews, cover art and quick access to videos and other content from artists.
The unit being sold has operations in France, Germany, Ireland, Italy and Spain.
The MetroStars are 19-0-2 in games in which Mathis has scored.
Nets Coach Byron Scott said of Kidd: ''It helps when you have No.
A REVOLVING 10-foot lobster now adorns Times Square, its gaudy red neon beckoning passers-by to come in, come in, you know you want to come in.
''No cause, no circumstances justify such actions,'' said Adem Ereli, deputy spokesman at the State Department in Washington.
''At the same time, more girls are active in sports than they ever have been before, and for them wearing a bikini is an issue of empowerment in the sense of 'here is my body -- it is strong and fit.'
No one has been arrested yet and the police are still struggling to sort out exactly what happened.
Some recent additions to the menu include buffalo fillet Sichuan style, Hunan ostrich steak, sweetbreads with black mushrooms, and braised short ribs, Hang Chow style.
''Many of the older ones we have found are 50 percent occupied, while the new ones have waiting lists.
Eddie Jordan, who in 1994 became the first African-American United States attorney for eastern Louisiana, took office as the first elected black district attorney of New Orleans.
''Describe myself in 10 words?''
It may not be clear yet how effective they will be in getting their way with the Bush team, but it seems safe to say that Prime Minister Wen doesn't need to worry about getting any lectures in Washington about globalization, let alone democracy.
I agree that we need to stimulate the economy in the face of lingering recession.
''It's just a beautiful form.''
Emin Sirin, a member of Parliament who supported repealing the law, said he hoped the legislation would quickly bring the medieval practice to an end.
Rabbi Martin S. Weiner, Pres.
For another, it is being renovated, according to a spokeswoman for Mexico Tourism Board.
They expected this all along.
Elite Racing, a company based in San Diego that created the concept, will draw nearly 100,000 participants to its four music marathons next year.
Revenue rose 20 percent, to $457.1 million, MGM said.
While American drivers have been fuming about faulty ignition coils, which cause their engines to lose power, the drivers of some Volkswagen subcompacts in Europe have had a problem in which ice blocks an engine hose, causing breakdowns.
''He's a person with incredible ego and seen as very arrogant.''
Smoky old rooms, all of them.
By 2002, the most recent year for which data is available, the incumbents were serving only 169.9 million lines.
These whites do the trick but tend to cast off most foods.
''There are too many things you can't talk about,'' Mr. Atuko whispered.
To the Editor: David Brooks (''The Presidency Wars,'' column, Sept. 30) is dismayed by the ''haters'' of President Bush on the left, whose critiques, he claims, lack focus on policy and arise mainly from personal enmity.
The landfill, Carleton Farms, will be getting about 1.2 million tons of trash a year.
Mr. Cholst, the Manhattan co-op lawyer, said one way to make a flip tax more palatable to many residents is to tie the amount of the tax to the length of time a shareholder has lived in the building.
Meets Sunday at 2 p.m. in front of Trinity Church, Broadway and Wall Street.
But officials say that nothing in Dr. Baden's inquiry merited resuming the inquiry.
She's looking for a take-charge guy who will overwhelm her, like the one she sees in the cafeteria where she and Ida are having lunch in Scene 3.
''Light stim is passive; you need not do anything more than to relax and let the machine do the work,'' said Ruth Olmstead, 41, a doctoral candidate in clinical psychology in Fort Lauderdale, Fla. Ms. Olmstead, a light-stim software developer and advocate, says that light stimulus raise the brain's phosphate levels, increases the brain's metabolism and helps build new neural pathways, a process called entraining.
And we would talk about how the man was bigger than we were and how we made it so.
The United States Open begins Aug. 25 at the National Tennis Center in Flushing Meadows-Corona Park, N.Y. Gabriel said the events that led to Serena Williams's surgery began on Monday, when she had a magnetic resonance imagining test that showed a partial tear in the middle portion of her quadriceps tendon.
''We have become very predictable,'' Mr. Light said.
He said the board was looking at how NASA engineers dealt with what he called the ''unknown unknowns,'' risks that cause concerns but cannot be readily quantified.
.5:07:47 25156 Biggio, F, 32M .
The brief, stoic announcement on Tuesday was scheduled only after wire services picked up on Australian news reports about the recovery.
The old Tyson would snarl at sparring partners as he beat them up.
With stories in the New England Review, Harper's magazine, a score more journals and the anthology ''Best American Gay Fiction,'' Mr. House is getting praise for his first novel, ''The Beginning of Calamities.''
The next day, Grieve wasn't even sure if he should show up at the ballpark.
But French ''republicanism'' requires adherence to the notion of the ideal citizen and does not celebrate diversity or ambition.
Ms. Cooke made a tray of chicken to tide him over, one piece for each night the restaurant would be closed.
By that, Mr. Grijalva meant that the committee vote was only the first step.
Thirty years ago, when the first adventurous American surfers trickled in, Sayulita was a poor fishing village, cut off from the rest of Mexico by jungle.
Mr. Spitzer disagreed, saying that the self-regulatory structure of the American financial markets clearly failed to protect small investors in the late 1990's and requires more repair.
Until last Sunday, Weathersby was brimming with hope and fulfillment.
By comparing maps of heat emanating from the fading remnants of the Big Bang to maps of the modern universe, astronomers say they have uncovered evidence that some ''dark energy'' is wrenching the universe apart.
''We didn't come here to flirt and meet guys, which is usually a waste of a night anyway,'' said Sophia Gill, an animation artist sharing a cigarette with a friend outside.
No one group among us has a monopoly on aspirations.
All that's left is a desolate plateau: ''The fruit trees have been cut down for firewood.
And even if that is not the case, they insist, the intent is the same: to make way for more and larger planes.
The pendulum has swung too far and people have said 'enough is enough.'
A friend suggested that she call the Milbank-Dunlevy Center, which is operated by the Children's Aid Society, one of the seven agencies supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund.
Dr. Rost says the transfer was a demotion and a penalty for reporting the tax arrangement.
The new center also displays, side by side, a MIG-15 and a North American F-86A Sabre that were the main adversaries in the skies over Korea, and a McDonnell F-4S Phantom II and a MIG-21 from Vietnam.
But their growing influence -- marked by a receptivity to newness, as well as an insistence on quality -- is having important effects on the life of cities.
The qualities I noted in that apricot are, of course, utterly antithetic to the platonic vision of an apricot, a fruit that has, in its 4,000-year history, probably inspired more hyperbole than any other.
Granted, Rush Limbaugh's views differ from those heard on liberal NPR, just as an indie movie producer can make money for a cookie-cutter conglomerate with a film going against the grain.
Do China and Russia want to see Japan, driven by fear of atomic attack, become a nuclear power?
In the latest of many surveys tracking falling support in Britain for action against Iraq, a poll based on 1,425 answers taken this past weekend for the ITV network showed that only 13 percent would support action by America and Britain alone but that 53 percent would if the move were endorsed by the United Nations.
Instead Mr. Bush simply repeated his demand that Palestinian terrorism must end, saying, ''the people of the Palestinian territory must understand if they want peace, they must have leadership who is absolutely 100 percent committed to fighting off terror.''
He got 143,444 votes to Mr. Brown's 82,525.
If I wake her up, she'll think I'm trying to kick her out, and she'll get defensive.
She was born in Burlington, VT. on August 31, 1962, the daughter of Louis H. Kurrelmeyer and Phyllis A. Damon.
A small jazz group with two tenor saxophonists is rare enough; a small group with two guitarists is rare enough.
''When I opened the cologne box, out slipped the ring box,'' she said.
These things are not uncommon.''
It bans sperm or egg donations and stipulates that artificial insemination be made available only to ''stable'' heterosexual couples of childbearing age.
Among the possible explanations for what the meeting's organizers call ''the vanishing trial'' is a growing antagonism to trials by lawyers and judges, who consider them costly and risky.
92 students, fifth graders who were dressed in blue and yellow caps and gowns, actually did graduate.
To the Editor: Re ''The Prince of Peace Was a Warrior, Too,'' by Joseph Loconte (Op-Ed, Jan. 28): Jesus could certainly be tough.
His parents named him Rem, an acronym for the Russian phrase meaning ''world revolution.''
A loud whoosh was heard as two PAC-3 missiles were fired at the Ababil-100.
In ''Krapp's Last Tape,'' for example, Atom Egoyan directs John Hurt as an old man trying to align perception and reality with the help of a tape recorder.
It is blended from rum and nonalcoholic ginger beer.
''We would do it day after day after day.''
Let there be no misunderstanding by those who have never ventured to New York, or by those who have come lately, or by those who diet.
Word soon got around that Summers opposed affirmative action and that he was critical of ''The Shape of the River,'' the pro-affirmative-action tract that Rudenstine's predecessor, Derek Bok, was co-author of.
The Senators have one of the most talented young teams in the league, but they have yet to advance past the second round in six previous playoff appearances.
A Defense Department spokesman said that the strategy was ''definitely under consideration.''
New are Handel's ''Alcina,'' opening the season at the New York State Theater at Lincoln Center with a gala performance; Donizetti's ''Lucia di Lammermoor'' (Sept. 13); Mozart's ''Finta Giardiniera'' (Sept. 30); Marvin David Levy's ''Mourning Becomes Electra'' (March 21); and Rossini's ''Ermione'' (April 11).
''Boy,'' he says, ''I bet we never lose another vote in Gillett.''
The concert producers hired a local Internet company, Pioneer Wireless, to bring in two separate connections providing high-speed Internet access (5 megabits per second) over advanced microwave links.
Two others remain at large, including another rebel leader from the region of Karachayevo-Cherkessia, Achemes Gochiyayev.
In October, Mr. Abbas, who was selected last week by Yasir Arafat to become the first Palestinian prime minister, had his office leak a speech from a closed-door meeting.
he wrote back in an e-mail message.
The White Sox have 11 games left and the Twins 10, including the finale of their series Thursday night.
Other Galleries ''CLAY WORKS: 20TH-CENTURY AMERICAN CERAMICS FROM THE EVERSON MUSEUM OF ART,'' UBS PaineWebber Art Gallery, 1285 Avenue of the Americas, at 51st Street, (212) 713-2885 (through March 28).
The Amato Opera, 319 Bowery, East Village, (212) 228-8200.
Unfortunately, it hasn't been exploited yet.
''SOME days I feel like my shadow's casting me,'' sings Warren Zevon in the opening line of ''My Dirty Life and Times,'' the first track on his new album, ''The Wind.''
And movie studios continue the hunt for technological advances that would make copying DVD's and videotapes impossible.
He said, ''How many of you would go to a 21-year-old to seek career counsel?''
Mr. Smith, who is planning to retire and hopes to be succeeded by his son Brad, followed up with a radio interview in Kalamazoo in which he said the blatant pressures to turn his vote to ''yes'' had included an offer of ''$100,000-plus'' for his son's campaign.
The hills rolling gently, almost Irish in scale.
They have bigger things on their minds, which they render with both earthy specificity and universal resonance.
(Brooklyn and the Bronx have their own public access outlets, but nonprofit organizations with Manhattan agendas are welcome.)
Sam Rudy, a Broadway press agent who grew up collecting eggs on the family farm in Pennsylvania, grants that chickens have an undeniable craftiness.
''But they're also very, very smart.
Sales of PC and cellphone chips this month have missed estimates in Asian markets, including China, as shoppers reacted to severe acute respiratory syndrome, Advanced Micro said.
I wanted to stay up forever and see the dawn and have 6 a.m. coffee in cafeterias with lean, sharp-faced boys in corduroy jackets and walk through the streets of the city and collapse exhausted on someone's couch in a room where six people lie on the rug as if slain .
The media assembly line moved her along from chaste child star to Lolitaesque jailbait in record speed; her trajectory is nothing if not an Internet-time version of Mr. Jackson's progress since his early days as a child star.
The decision followed the withdrawal of the architecture firm that was the lead partner in the effort, they said.
Nominee Confirmed The confirmation of Gov.
But the region has still suffered from below-average rainfall for two years.
Mr. Blair's steep loss of popularity has not yet threatened his grip on power or even the likelihood that he will be re-elected in two years.
In January, the company posted a fourth-quarter net loss after a large investment write-down, but otherwise beat expectations with strong sales of chips for wireless handsets.
Jerry Stackhouse led Washington with 21 points.
Rohm & Haas of the United States; Akzo Nobel of the Netherlands; and Atofina, a division of the French-Belgian oil giant Total Fina Elf, have acknowledged that they are among those being investigated.
The diagramed deal helped the Americans surge into the lead against the Poles.
David Lanoue, a political scientist at the University of Alabama, noted that Mr. Riley has compared himself to Ronald Reagan, who raised taxes in 1967, his first year as governor of California.
If you want to study how not to pick a judge, the borough of Brooklyn is available.
Mr. Hutchens had bought the right last year to cut private canals into the 524-mile state canal system, allowing him to build housing developments with access to the canal on any land he buys along about 45 miles of shoreline.
Remington reacted badly to the bugs, the food and the heat.
The backless benches are another authentic touch (seat backs and cushions can be rented).
In the United States sports architecture has been crippled by the same developer mentality that has hampered almost every type of building except museums and concert halls.
Only 33 percent have ever had a sigmoidoscopy, even though recent research suggests that performing this test more frequently could detect more intestinal cancers.
We mourn the loss of Ann Levbarg.
American Special Forces troops entered northern Iraq's largest city today, finding it engulfed by anarchy.
From now until Sept. 30 they can lift the lid on her jewel box and examine more than a hundred of her exquisite baubles in ''Gems of the East and West,'' which is not so much a collection as a scrapbook documenting taste in 20th-century jewelry.
And you'll never see a Frenchman drunk.
Norway rarely threatened, and managed its only shot on goal in the 77th minute.
Mr. Spindel, she said, was not a ''date from hell,'' though he contributed many of his experiences.
One fan who has been particularly distracted this season is Peter D. Feaver, an associate professor of political science whose expertise on civil military relations has made him in demand as a media war pundit.
The car crashed rounding a curve in a 35-mile-an-hour zone.
Do they fit seamlessly into the stage production?
For me, the biggest one is, Do we accept a responsibility for the welfare of our descendants and for life in general 100, 200, 1,000 years from now?
The governor's concession was the first of several made in response to outcries over his efforts to close a budget shortfall for next year that he estimated at $5 billion.
As a former Detroit record store owner, Gordy was no stranger to this environment; so it should not be surprising that from the company's inception numerous Motown artists complained about royalty payments, the requirement that the company retain copyright to the music and other business arrangements tilted to Gordy's advantage.
Renters, senior citizens and Brookhaven residents will receive discounts on the greens fees.
.4:21:28 12963 Hamill, A, 45F .
''Do you expect your baby to be .
These two methods, which rely on aggregate data, showed a range of death rates from 11 to 17 percent in Hong Kong, 13 to 15 percent in Singapore, 15 to 19 percent in Canada, and 5 to 13 percent in China.
The leading Congressional sponsor of President Bush's religion-based initiative has agreed to strip the measure of a provision that would have helped religious groups compete for government grants.
''That's what brought us together,'' said Mr. St. Louis, who has lived in town 20 years.
Maryland's public colleges have proposed a way to reduce the unpredictability of tuition increases and prevent last-minute raids on their budgets: The state and colleges would outline financial commitments to one another several years in advance.
She does not think herself ''worthy of the attention.''
-- may have been more developed than the indictment suggests, presenting prosecutors with some complex challenges.
As the shot dropped through with 6 minutes 27 seconds remaining, Sprewell turned and rubbed Curry's head.
''But now they're saying there's eight things an employee has to do to be considered.''
''It was great to get news from the church, news from your family.
The case for her music is much like the case for her radio show -- it's a knowing, tasteful blend of genres with echoes of the Carter Family here, Kitty Wells there, bluegrass, the jangly guitars of the Byrds or the cheesy organ of early Doug Sahm.
Peter was gloriously sunny and cloudless most of this week.
The alert is also associated with Saddam-era anniversaries: July 14, marking the overthrow of the monarchy in 1958, and July 17, marking the coup that brought the Baath Party to power a decade later.
''Jet Lag'' is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian).
's gaining popularity would be remiss to overlook the 1986 film ''Blue Velvet.''
''I felt that prior to my hitting those 3's, the momentum was changing,'' Flores said.
Service today, 11AM at Jewish Community Center of Harrison, 130 Union Avenue, Harrison, NY.
Though Mr. Maguire said he was speaking for himself and not LaBranche, he had cleared his statement with the company's management, people close to the company said.
In a security measure common on the street, the house's windows were blocked by bars, which may have prevented those inside from easily escaping the smoke and fire, John Tucker, the chief arson investigator, said.
''I will miss it at 31, at 41, at 61, for the rest of my life.''
XOXO is a lost cause, it's never too late to do the call, we could downgrade XO, LVLT, etc.''
7 Violets may find out just how good they really are today when they play host to Juniata in the quarterfinals of the N.C.A.A.
CATHY TANELLI Paris, July 4, 2003
By 1994, they settled on what they believed was the perfect subject -- the story of Arnold, the brilliant Colonial military leader who betrayed his fledgling country by resigning from the Continental Army during the American Revolution and accepting a British military commission in 1779.
has sent a holiday chill through its American employees with its plans to ship thousands of high-paying white-collar jobs overseas to lower-paid foreign workers.
''This is for the long term.''
The bill contains measures meant to prevent such an outcome, including attendance requirements and a demand that recipients keep up at least a C average.
It was clear the Jets would turn the clock back, at least temporarily, simplifying the offense until Testaverde was comfortable.
Therefore, we should not expect ''accurate history.''
Last month, Mr. Baucus proposed dropping the income tax on the first $3,000 of taxable wage income, which is similar in effect to the rebate idea but would take longer to stimulate the economy.
He said investigators were using computer enhancement and analysis technology to try to identify the driver of one of the explosive-packed Isuzu pickup trucks, whose image was captured by a security camera as he drove up to one of the synagogues just before the blast.
Its all-American favorites have been supplemented over the years with an array of up-to-date international selections.
With his matinee-idol good looks -- he has one of the few cleft chins to appear in the movies since Cary Grant and Kirk Douglas -- and his willingness to take chances with unsympathetic roles, Mr. Eckhart has proved himself an actor of unusual range and unusual courage.
'' Time With a Child Sergeant Waters-Bey, 29, was the Sea Knight's crew chief, relatives said.
Nowhere is the divide between messianists and anti-messianists more visible than at the hallowed 770, a site holy enough to have inspired an exact replica in Israel.
His opponents -- big businessmen, labor leaders, politicians and private media owners who make up a coalition called the Democratic Coordinator -- not long ago were themselves able to convene hundreds of thousands of people in antigovernment marches.
Those who showed the greatest interest were those who had the least to learn: the experienced gamblers.
That is for travel Sept. 1 through Oct. 31, and includes round-trip air fare on Continental, United or US Airways, five nights in a hotel, daily breakfast and city tax.
A large triptych, ''Beech/Birch,'' crawls with densely tangled forest growth partly reflected in water; several vertical panels of floral effusions in stirring color, like ''Waterlily Slice,'' bring complex interplays of leaves and blossoms close to the viewer's face (Glueck).
It is a continuing debate in the Muslim world, and every Islamic society has answered it in its own way.
The voters of Redding rejected a $34 million budget on May 6, sending it back for revision rather than swallowing a 10 percent increase in property taxes.
''This is definitely a success problem,'' Charles Reinhart, the director of the American Dance Festival, said in an interview.
Visitation at Van Emburgh Funeral Home in Ridgewood, NJ.
The menu starts with a canapé and includes tomato terrine; Maine lobster with heirloom tomatoes, glazed watermelon with tomato sorbet and ginger; and a yellow tomato granité with vanilla panna cotta and cherry tomato jubilee.
A British expeditionary force was massing on Staten Island.
Peoples added: ''Actually, it's so beautiful, you know.
Even Arnold Schwarzenegger, for all his criticism of the high cost of doing business in California -- workers' compensation is a particular target -- has not said a word in his gubernatorial campaign against the $8.50 initiative or, for that matter, the state minimum.
He also learned about the military's concerns that without affirmative action, they would have a dearth of well-educated minorities available for the officer ranks.
Faced with slowing growth and mounting accusations from industry that the country's strong currency is hurting exports and threatening jobs, South Africa's central bank will hold a special meeting on Wednesday when it is expected to cut interest rates for the third time in two months.
While the company's results included an array of one-time gains and charges, the overall picture was mixed.
''We have to strip that down and get rid of some of those agencies.''
Pakistan said it played no role in the attack.
''But it's very hard to say which is better.''
The night we arrived Sven told us a little, very little, about the week to come.
Instead, Mr. Engel said, the most common solution to the challenge of divvying up a family home is a voluntary -- or court-ordered -- sale of the property with the proceeds being apportioned appropriately.
The man who showed up at his mosque in late January was fairly easy to call a suspect.
In addition, Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain reiterated what President Bush said on Sunday: that the coalition forces waging war in Iraq were adamantly opposed to any independent military actions by Turkish troops.
Either he mis-hit it, or the wind took it, put it right into the bunker -- right exactly where we didn't want it -- and he double-bogeyed the hole.''
A few embody something more -- the imaginative history of their times.
He was a retired partner of Simpson, Thacher & Bartlett.
SPIAK-Joseph Michael, 46, of Acton, MA, by airplane accident in Charlotte, NC.
He was one stroke back at 203 with Carlos Franco of Paraguay, who made an 18-foot birdie putt on the last hole for a 68.
County officials implored the Westchester delegation in Albany to reconsider, but a second meeting of the delegation today failed to produce an agreement on the sales tax, Ms. Bronz said.
They said he should act with the same steel that she did when her Conservative government was threatened by internal division at the seven-year point in her premiership in 1986.
Among the familiar choices are ''Stars and Stripes Forever'' from 1897, the first recording of John Philip Sousa's march; ragtime music that Scott Joplin played in the early 1900's for piano roll sales; and Franklin D. Roosevelt's radio ''Fireside Chats'' from 1933 to 1944.
In the past two years, audiences have sent a message of insecurity.
''If you're going to spend a lot of time in a dark room, you might as well have something to think about.''
Judith Yaphe, an Iraq specialist at the National Defense University, said that ''even those who have shown the most loyalty to the regime, and thought it could survive or come back, can't be putting much hope on Saddam's returning if his sons are not alive.''
So what sort of interaction have you had with Laura Bush's literacy program?
Thirty-two years after it opened as a white marble memorial on the Potomac, cut off from the rest of Washington's landmarks by a tangle of highways, the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts has hired the architect Rafael Viñoly to design two new buildings and a sweeping pedestrian plaza and fountain that would at last link it to the monuments around it.
This omnium-gatherum, organized by Suzanne Pagé and Gérard Audinet, shows Picabia (1879-1953) at his best and worst, and a scholarly catalog in French reveals that he set a precedent for just about everything that art has held dear since the 1960's.
''Why did they ask my opinion if they weren't going to use it?''
''That was a real disappointment,'' said Alan Victor, an executive vice president of Lansco, a brokerage specializing in retail properties.
''It's all about a mystery, a sign,'' Ms. Fargo said.
He has been publisher at New York, which is owned by Primedia Inc., since 1999.
In the scheme of Chinese sports, where leadership long has been a top-down affair, these are not exactly traditional virtues.
''Once that ball bounces, you don't know exactly where the play is going,'' Tyree said.
At the station, she mentioned that she was going to the doctor to have the mole removed.
''I don't remember the bomb,'' Mr. Baxter said.
The agreement stipulated that the city would ''solicit'' 350,000 acres of land within the Catskill-Delaware watershed.
PIERRO GALLERY OF SOUTH ORANGE ''Elements Unearthed: Four Sculptors.''
He was a child of divorce; they came from determinedly traditional families.
Mr. Blair, under intense domestic pressure not to allow an American-dominated occupation of Iraq, has been pressing the United States to ensure that the United Nations takes a lead role in post-war administration of the country.
Griffey laughs and hums something from an Osmonds song.
Scarcely to be found here.
Mr. Foley, who lives in Stony Brook, said lip-synching made the athletes' roles easier.
It is a 24-by-24-foot building with an 8-by-8-foot annex for tools.
Unlike that manuscript, which was prepared by a copyist but had Beethoven's corrections and comments on most of its pages, the quartet movement is entirely in Beethoven's hand.
Now there is testing, including 240 players for a second time at random.
''I'm worried but he's not,'' says his mother, Rita Heung, twirling a tight ball of spaghetti onto a fork.
* David Leveaux (''Nine''): can turn any stage into a Vogue layout; loves color-coded sets (remember his ''Betrayal'') and water, whether in drips (his ''Electra'' of 1998) or in floods (''Nine'').
For example, she conducts a seminar for her clients on how overrated bluffing is as a strategy in business, politics and poker.
to be concrete, transparent and backed by documents,'' Mr. Aghazadeh, above, said at a press conference on the last day of his three-day visit.
''Steve and I will continue to discuss this opportunity over the next few days,'' the Lions' president, Matt Millen, said in a statement.
The idea that blacks can get away with the journalistic equivalent of murder at The Times because they are black is preposterous.
Mr. Hersch has a special affinity for Thelonious Monk, whose music reveals a similar but much quirkier balance of intellectualism, frolic and sweetness, and his version of Monk's ''Bemsha Swing'' was a lucid and witty exploration of the composer's dynamic and modal style.
When the Knicks gathered in the locker room before their game with Miami last night, Clarence Weatherspoon's locker had already been stripped of its nameplate, an ominous tip-off to the trade that was completed just before the actual tip-off.
A BBC translator was among the dead.
JOHN S. KOPPEL Bethesda, Md.
Both goals may soon be accomplished in one bold move.
For information call ''Gutterman-Musicant'', 800-522-0588.
There was Chris, the New Age disc jockey in ''Northern Exposure,'' who just shrugged and smiled beatifically when people referred to his prison record.
Hours: Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays, 1 p.m. to 5 p.m.; Wednesdays, 1 to 7 p.m. Kresge and Pascal Galleries, Berrie Center, 505 Ramapo Valley Road, Mahwah.
Microsoft executives said they would be willing to talk to companies, including competitors, about most of its intellectual property.
''Once the results are in for the Oscars, we, of course, will take another look at releasing the movie,'' Mr. Aviv said.
Mr. Sottile also said it would be a shame if the deal the order has lined up fell apart now, all because of a cellphone tower that might never get built.
Mainly, we are famous for being famous.
''This is an instance of just moving a revenue source away.''
Angola, a major oil producer, would like American cooperation on a conference of donors to help rebuild the country, which was devastated by a long civil war.
Finally, Mr. Mubarak, who is 75 and has been in power for two decades, has done nothing about promoting a modern succession.
Today, I was not just a mom, I was a TASK FORCE OF ONE.
Several senators said Dr. Frist's approach to passing the Bush agenda awaited a test, and he has yet to show his cards on how much of a deal maker he will be when he is forced into that role.
Quoting unidentified military officials, Army Radio said there were reports that militants intend to carry out terror attacks in the coming days.
A few minutes later, the F.A.A.
The use of color is key to a lighting designer's craft.
In a game considered a preview to the first round of the Stanley Cup playoffs, which get under way next week, the Devils and the Boston Bruins determined little tonight about who has the edge.
This is bound to be a popular destination, for Mr. English has established a large and loyal following for his zany renditions of famous paintings and satirical billboard posters, which he pastes over billboards at nighttime around New York and New Jersey.
Dr. Teller discussed various possibilities, including Fermi's original idea of fusing deuterium, the heavy form of hydrogen that occurs in seawater.
Compare that to 1994, when deputies served 2,549 protective orders plus 296 exclusion orders.
She knew that Coach Pat Summitt would put her back on the court.
The company paid separately to park truck trailers in a nearby lot until they were barred from the Navy Yard.
''As more incidents accumulate,'' he said in an interview, ''it's going to have consequences, irritating constituencies in the United States that have supported closer cooperation with Russia.''
And yet, having spent nearly a year in Middletown observing the admissions committee at Wesleyan, from the fall of 1999 to the spring of 2000, I would offer a more reassuring conclusion.
Guy in a preview performance on Thursday, the theater's artistic director, Lynne Meadow, said.
The issue for Intel is its strategy for moving to 64-bit computing.
Ralph Poore, a spokesman at Boise Cascade; Amy Hoffar, a spokeswoman at DDB; and Owen Dougherty, a spokesman at Thompson, declined to comment on reports of the decision in AdAge.com and Adweek.com.
Hospitals fear that 'pay for performance' could become punitive, if Medicare uses it as a tool to ratchet down payments.''
He said he had to stop watching when children of the victims were featured.
Mr. Pomerantz replied that more than 70 boxes of documents had been delivered from the company to Dr. Waksal's lawyers since late December.
Lyric's designer, David Hamlin, first made wall hangings from interlocked squares of aluminum, leather and felt.
You don't have to worry about getting lost in a back alley in Japan.
While Mr. Sharon is politically strong, and Mr. Abbas is vulnerable in his new post, both face mounting internal pressure that is threatening the latest Middle East peace plan before the first steps have been taken to put it into effect.
Temple Sinai of Roslyn records with profound sorrow the death of our cherished member, Ginny Kleinman.
For viewers less fascinated by Alice in Wonderland tree ornaments or papier-mâché Harry Potters, the two documentaries are not without some historic value.
''Light X Eight: The Hanukkah Project 2002'' will remain on view at the Jewish Museum, 1109 Fifth Avenue, at 91st Street, (212) 423-3200, through Feb. 2.
''It's really unethical to talk about the deaths only to the occupants of these vehicles,'' she said.
Tonight at 8, Alice Tully Hall.
This big, rich thematic survey ranges from work Ms. Smith made soon after she settled in New York City at the end of the 1970's, to a beautiful booklike folded print she produced this year.
''The lack of growth creation is one of the biggest deficiencies in the organization,'' Mr. Kleisterlee said.
Zito's voice percolated as he lauded both of his parents for imploring him to do anything he wanted.
''These are extremely serious allegations,'' the report continued.
The suspected hijacker was one of the early people off the airplane.''
Rotting trunks poked from stone walls; tiny white orchids popped out from moss between the stones.
And I don't like flavored.
She sold them over 15 weeks for about $800, with $110 in interest going back to Finca, an effective annual rate about five times higher than any United States credit card company could legally charge.
.4:27:27 14579 Dunn, B, 27F .
Real disposable personal income -- that is after-tax income -- has risen by 3.2 percent over the past year, but that resulted almost entirely from the mortgage refinancings and tax cuts, the Commerce Department reported.
In contrast with their reaction to art of the Spanish Civil War -- like ''Guernica'' and Dalí's ''Soft Construction With Boiled Beans'' -- art critics lambasted the graphic violence exhibited in Benton's savage renderings.
The 49ers trailed by 38-22 but were two scores from tying it, if they could score two touchdowns and convert 2-point conversions on both.
It contains the evidence that would have been introduced in court if the accused assassin, James Earl Ray, a drifter and ex-convict, had not changed his plea to guilty and thereby averted a trial.
Renouncing his 19th- and 20th-century repertory, he sings music from the Renaissance and before.
''The approach being used by President Bush of ignoring public financing and reaching out for $200 million in private contributions is placing the American presidency on the auction block,'' said Fred Wertheimer, president of Democracy 21, an advocacy group.
We were not a multicultural society.''
His father was an investigator in the New York office of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
This was a question ruefully asked throughout the country.
Mr. David then resigned, appointing Coleman Casey, a Hartford lawyer whose firm represents the museum, as his successor for the meeting.
There simply was no longer any distinction in Skilling's mind between who he was as a person and Enron's stock price.
''Most of our past presidents have come from the southeast, and that has left people from the southwest feeling excluded and disadvantaged.''
The slightly firmer suspension, retuned to performance specifications, improves the handling.
By car from Washington, take I-66 West to Exit 53B, for Route 28 north.
The Long Island Power Authority created an appearance of impropriety when it spent at least $45,000 on public opinion polls that asked customers, among other things, for their opinions on local, state and national politicians, according to a report released yesterday by the state comptroller, Alan G. Hevesi.
And thousands of e-mail messages opposing her death on religious grounds jammed those lawmakers' computers, warning that they would be sorry if they did not stop the court-ordered removal of Mrs. Schiavo's feeding tube.
Muhammad said he, too, felt lonely in the new house, and he expressed pity for American parents and children living thousands of miles from each other.
Increasingly, the smart money seems to be flowing toward restaurants that serve the dual function of restaurant and lounge, like Theo, Hudson Cafeteria or Meet.
With goalkeeper Zach Thornton coming off his line to get into the play, Wolyniec found a way to touch the ball over the line for his fourth goal of the season.
During the last recession, some governors, most visibly New Jersey's Jim Florio, tried to raise taxes and were soundly bounced from office.
He argued that the ban on discrimination in public facilities should be based on the Constitution's commerce clause, which gives Congress the power to regulate trade among states.
She was cruising down Ocean Drive with two friends in her white BMW, playing her radio with the windows down, when a police officer stopped her.
Loving father-in-law of Elayna and Rana.
According to the analysis, debt payments will grow so rapidly by next year -- to $436 million, from $294 million this year -- that they will eat up all of the excess money from bridge and tunnel tolls traditionally used to support subway and bus operations and keep fares low.
She will care for the babies, she declares, and Mr. Szprot the big boys, and Rodzina will care for the rest.
Hezbollah, which is also backed by Iran, is on Washington's list of terrorist groups.
Called the instrument landing system, it was switched on for airline service in 1947, and guided an aircraft to touchdown on a runway.
An article on Oct. 19 about plans by Levi Strauss to stop making blue jeans in San Antonio misstated the location of the original plant.
Davis says Oakland officials hid information that foretold thousands of unsold tickets, but during the disputed time period, even Bay Area newspapers reported that games for the 1995 season were not sold out.
If you're planning to use your credit card's insurance in lieu of the rental company's collision damage waiver, be sure your insurance is valid for every country you plan to visit.
He made it clear that he saw only a humanitarian role for the United Nations, not a political one.
''People like the underdog,'' he said.
And, yes, 23 of 25 straw polls of local unions were decidedly for Dr. Dean.
A selective listing by critics of The Times of new or noteworthy art, design and photography exhibitions at New York museums and art galleries this weekend.
''I already knew we're going to be 11th or 12th,'' Williams said, a terrible place to be lodged in a 14-team league.
Timed tickets to the exhibition are $19; $16.50 for students and 60+; $13 for children under 12 (Glueck).
CREDIT CARDS -- American Express, MasterCard, Visa.
Perhaps the remaining issues could be resolved in a trial using letrozole but no placebo.
The lower earnings forecast and the revamping are the latest attempts by Toshiba to recapture control of the market for laptop computers, which it once dominated.
''With LaMont, it was that he wasn't a team player.
The budget Mr. Bush submitted to Congress a year ago forecast a deficit of $80 billion for fiscal year 2003, which ends on Sept. 30, $14 billion for 2004 and surpluses thereafter.
''Look, you can win at home, you can lose at home,'' Masur said.
Justice David H. Souter appeared singularly unimpressed by Mr. Olson's insistence that filtering was no different from a library's traditional discretion over what to collect.
Mr. Racicot said in an interview today that New York was chosen because it had offered the best package of benefits to the Republicans, and he also cited the ''enthusiasm that they displayed and the opportunity to showcase our party and our candidates'' to the nation.
''I try to live a normal life as much as possible and not let the stardom get to me, especially within the team.
The police planned to use an X-ray machine to examine the barrel's contents before opening or moving it.
Heat over medium-low heat, stirring frequently to keep from scorching, until the sugar is dissolved.
That's when you start saying: 'I enjoy doing this.
Nixon got some tough questions, but appeared to handle them well.
's, 204 Varick Street, at Houston Street, South Village, (212) 243-4940.
Stephen Kamman, an analyst with CIBC World Markets, said that without those one-time lifts, the company essentially broke even.
In his novel ''Hearts in Atlantis,'' Mr. King has one character, Ted Brautigan, talk of ''literature's only excuses'' -- exploring questions of innocence and experience, good and evil.
Last year ABC Entertainment announced with great fanfare and to some criticism that the Pentagon had given Jerry Bruckheimer, the producer of ''Black Hawk Down,'' exclusive access to military men and women based in Afghanistan and other front-line areas for a respectful reality show about their personal lives.
The defense ministers of those countries met in Bujumbura to work out exactly how many soldiers were needed and what they would need to do.
Because everyone goes to school on each other.
The first quake, centered here, occurred on Friday at 9:24 p.m. and measured 1.2 on the Richter scale, according to the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory of Columbia University, in Palisades, N.Y.
On Monday the Marlins held the Mets to one hit and on Tuesday night the Mets limited the Marlins to one hit.
But so far, its imitators (like Buymusic) have only made it look better by comparison.
In the Japan Cup '02 tournament, Kimio Nonaga confronted the Chinese Iron Chef, Chin Kenichi, and won the Battle of the Bird (a rare species of chicken)!
Senator Ted Stevens, the Alaska Republican who heads the Appropriations Committee, was a co-sponsor of the legislation approved today, raising the possibility that the measure could be attached to high-priority appropriations legislation.
* ''CATCH ME IF YOU CAN,'' starring Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hanks and Christopher Walken.
Wow, how simplified and yearning that reads now.
''If I can tell a client 'Don't worry, your options are open,' I have helped the client gain a kind of peace of mind to be able to make a choice without being under the gun,'' he said.
''He said: 'I really love Lyric, but she's really young.
He is better known as a tenor saxophonist, but here he used the soprano in a duet with Mr. Patton and played it beautifully.
But his cozy, orderly, tiny-detail songs expressed a willful turnabout from hippie chaos, a visceral reaction particular to the early 1970's.
Deloitte confirmed yesterday that three branch offices -- in Eindhoven, Rotterdam and Amsterdam -- were raided.
She became a cantor in 1999 and a rabbi in 2001.
''One day last week the school was closed, the students were sent away and carpenters came in,'' said a young man.
It was Union Pacific, his second, that cemented his reputation as a foodie's foodie, fusing high French and Asian techniques.
Canada said it would not allow its troops to take part in the absence of a new United Nations resolution.
SPLINTER, Christopher J., 43, Maj., Army; Platteville, Wis.; Fifth Engineer Battalion, First Engineer Brigade.
Patrick Walters was not Christen's father, but he had raised her as his own.
As of late January, federal security officials had said earlier, fewer than half of the aircraft were in compliance.
We are looking at all of these other areas because they are also possible.
With Type 1 (what Elizabeth Hughes had), the pancreas stops secreting insulin, a hormone that instructs the body to use the sugar in the blood for energy.
It wouldn't have happened over here.
Japan is only starting to recover from its protracted recession, so China will be handed the role of economic villain in the coming election cycle.
Those who dropped out saw their scores decline, though they remained above those of students who had never played.
That probably saved lives when the towers collapsed and the hotel's glass facade imploded.
''IRISH NEW YORK,'' covers the history of Irish communities in Lower Manhattan, meeting on Sunday at 2 p.m. at City Hall Park, Broadway and Park Row.
Trucks leave Baghdad laden with food, but it mysteriously gets offloaded at markets along the way.
An older man among them responded: ''Thank you.
Unfortunately, Ms. McCartney's collection seemed a mélange of other people's styles, too -- namely, Mr. Ford's.
And for her, there is only one way to prepare for Rosh Hashana, which begins on Friday evening: she cooks a week or two or sometimes a month ahead, freezing the rugelach, the chicken, the pies, but never, never the matzo balls.
Of course, not all drug names are so felicitous.
Beard made 12 of 18 shots as the Blue Devils won their ninth game in a row.
Turkey has been tense ever since the beginning of the war in Iraq, which borders southeastern Turkey, and Turkish officials have been concerned about terrorism here.
The United States did go marching home again after World War I.
7 Mississippi State -- would never get close again.
But then he stared at the hillside, covered in new houses.
.5:37:39 29944 Williams, J, 35M .
''None of this should be a problem for the administration, because they presumably want to maximize international involvement,'' he said.
West doubled negatively and doubled again when North surprised with a jump to five clubs.
Later, he apologized to the foundation and the teacher.
''I have never bought it,'' he said.
It placed emotion over reason, and the senses over the intellect.
According to the listing service report, the circumstance that would most disturb the local real estate market in the coming months would be a sharp increase in mortgage interest rates to 8 percent or higher, although few analysts are predicting that.
He went to a small nursery school affiliated with the Lutheran church where there were enough teachers to provide extra attention, and the philosophy was that everybody benefited from mainstreaming children with disabilities.
It is widely expected to file for bankruptcy protection today.
But after reliever David Weathers recorded the final out of the seventh, Stanton began the eighth.
No computers here, just pushy tugs, whining engines and taut, snapping ropes.
Mr. Leung plans to open a dim sum restaurant in the Napa Valley.
Mrs. Burke, 27, is the assistant manager of the strategic trend-spotting and research group at Euro RSCG Worldwide, the advertising and public relations agency in New York.
This has happened to Davenport ever since she won the 1998 Open, her first Grand Slam championship, a tangible reward for the considerable work she has done on her body and on her game.
In May, Sony Music will be rolling out 15 classic Bob Dylan albums in hybrid format, remastered in stereo for both CD and SACD players.
Airline executives would prefer to receive tax relief or reimbursement for security costs that they would not have to pay back.
Those threats rattled the city.
This article on the development of the Pirelli building site for an Ikea store failed to acknowledge the efforts of New Haven's Alliance for Architecture.
Every work of art had its integrity and also relationship to some group.
He added, ''It would be better if the issue can be settled through multilateral dialogue outside the U.N.
One New York police official said the assault took place during a drunken party after the National Police Memorial Service, an event that draws thousands of police officers from around the country and has been the scene of misconduct by New York officers in past years.
The facts of Rosso's life are hazy, too.
Soriano was 6 for 35 (.171) on the Yankees' nine-game trip, and he is batting .212 since the All-Star Game break.
Nationally, the non-Hispanic portion of the sample was composed of callbacks to phone numbers in all Times/CBS News polls since January 2001 where respondents had originally identified themselves as non-Hispanic.
A former Tyco International executive told jurors yesterday how he booked bonus payments on orders from the former chief executive, L. Dennis Kozlowski, and the former chief financial officer, Mark H. Swartz.
After gaining asylum, the family obtained a list of agencies that specialize in refugee services.
Instead of using his degree in aeronautical engineering, he opened self-serve stores in Carle Place, Huntington, Oceanside, Smithtown and Bayside, Queens.
''Unless you think that the government is really going to lose control of the fight against terrorism,'' Mr. Ezrati said, ''then every scare becomes a buying opportunity for the long term.''
Maazel baiters beware: in the end Mr. Sawallisch proved more than just the interim leader that many had expected.
''For me it's not a religious issue, it's a legal issue,'' said Mr. Perry, whose fellowship of churches claims 46,000 members and adherents in 22 countries.
No snack means, quite simply, no snack.
Weber's prose is, as ever, unflaggingly enjoyable, particularly in its loving, often comical portrayal of the Green sisters.
''We should celebrate this achievement, not denigrate it.''
Negotiators have also not settled on the level of industry tax incentives to be included in the measure.
In Hartford, the state's poorest city and one long on urban woes and short on substantial cultural offerings, the Wadsworth is nonpareil.
A1 TERRORIST CAPTURED -- American Special Forces in Baghdad captured Abu Abbas, the leader of a faction of the Palestine Liberation Front, a Palestinian terrorist group responsible for the 1985 attack on an Italian cruise ship, the Achille Lauro, in which an American was killed.
They included Horowitz Brothers & Margareten, which had factories on East Fourth Street, Meyer London's Matzos Bakery on Bayard Street and the Finesilver Matzoh Baking Company on Pitt Street.
-------------------- Official Is Captured BAGHDAD, Iraq, June 14 (Reuters) -- Saddam Hussein's air force commander has been taken into custody by American forces, the United States Central Command said today in a statement.
.5:36:28 29804 Kvidera, M, 57M .
''It will also pay up to $100,000 on the mortgage balance in the event of a total loss,'' Mr. Petrylak said, adding that the cost of such coverage was about $12.50 a month.
office in the Detroit area, said agents were planning to interview about 400 Iraqi immigrants in Michigan, mostly in the Detroit area.
The control board urged the city to ''refashion its plan to incorporate more readily attainable initiatives.''
In the latter part of the 19th century, physicians in the United States and Europe started using ergot, a rye fungus that constricts blood vessels, to treat migraines.
These will trace Balanchine's heritage as well as his achievement.
As the Tour de France approaches its start in Paris on Saturday, the two questions most asked by casual fans, especially Americans, are: ''Will the French boo Lance Armstrong?''
They understand, on a gut level, that to be theatrical is not necessarily to be superficial.
ABC's Jim McKay might call their name.
When the soldiers approached, ''she and the vehicle were detonated,'' said Brig.
My second thought -- more power to you.
I don't know that many people get a chance to do that in their lives.''
The lid sits on a large tea jar, painted and modeled in relief.
American commanders estimated that 2,000 to 3,000 Iraqis were killed during the three-hour armored tour, an unknown number of them civilians.
But all four were uncommonly intelligent, and with the exception of Williams, they all went on to lead happy and productive lives after their playing days had ended.
That 42-story, $1.3 billion tower is now nearing completion, but the investment bank is having trouble finding anyone to move into it.
''But it's a disaster what we saw in Iraq.
We mourn the loss of our dear friend, colleague and past Board member, George Trescher.
I bring a message on behalf of America: We thank you for your service, we're proud of you, and America stands solidly behind you.
Dr. Patapoutian has been meaning to tell Mr. Updike of his research findings.
The victims who identified these men as their assailants and the jurors who convicted them as rapists had confused representations -- visual memories, composite drawings and out-of-date photographs -- with the truth.
In the last two years, more than 170 settlers have been killed in the territories.
Down the road, the Sunny Slopes fruit stand at Exit 90 is the flagship store of the largest and best-known peach grower in Cherokee County.
The hard-walled prison will be ready next spring, said Lt. Col. Pamela Hart, the public affairs officer for the Joint Task Force that administers the detention camp and supervises prisoner interrogations.
Certainly voter turnout suggests a lack of care.
His family runs the store, and Mr. Fernandez, who lives in Lodi, N.J., spends most of his time working out of the association's new office on West 179th Street in Washington Heights, outfitted with dark-stained wood furniture that give it something of the air of a small corporate boardroom.
To the Editor: A recent letter from a Stamford resident asking if he was ''missing something'' in the debate about school-start times for adolescents (''This Fall, More Sleep for Students in Wilton,'' June 15) and implying that all could be solved with a little responsible parenting.
''Politically, her career is dead,'' said Jeff Tittel, executive director of the New Jersey chapter of the Sierra Club.
Counselors say they like the camps, too, because they are less likely to burn out with weekends off.
''All these white kids, long-haired kids,'' Mr. King recalled.
And some expectations are unrealistic.
It also vaulted Mr. Jones and Mr. Bush, who are black, into the relatively insular world of high-tech entrepreneurs -- a world in which few black technologists have become prominent.
One senses there are a lot of candidates out there.
Here at the company's largest affiliate, Spring Creek Lodge, the program and its staff have been accused of sexual abuse, physical violence and psychological duress.
Mr. Auda, his body bloodied and and his clothing in shreds, said he had crawled from the wreckage, past the dead and wounded.
Asked at today's State Department briefing about the court's ruling, Richard A. Boucher, the department's spokesman, noted that Mr. Bashir was convicted on three charges.
He was educated at St Peter's School and was awarded a scholarship to Balliol, one of Oxford's most distinguished seats of learning.
Fata scored a short-handed goal in the second and had the first three-point game of his N.H.L.
I thought he was in a shooting slump.
Though politicians in most democratic countries do not acknowledge their ambitions until the time is right, it is hard to find a former exile leader who professes any interest in leading the country.
Joe is also survived by his two brothers, Dominic and Mario.
''This isn't like wine,'' he said in an interview last Thursday.
Companies have been reluctant to increase orders until consumer and business spending strengthen, and have kept just enough inventory on hand to meet demand.
He said he hoped that would turn the civil servants against the security leaders.
By the way, Ms. Vere Nicoll attended the fair as the sales assistant for Lulu Guinness handbags -- not for the umbrellas.
Denis Dillon, Nassau County's district attorney, has taken Thomas J. Spota to task for releasing a grand jury report a year ago detailing cases of sexual abuse by Roman Catholic priests in the Diocese of Rockville Centre.
His wide-ranging compassion, his commitment to clear and emotional prose and his unabashed love for New York and its people are exemplary.
LEVY-Schirley B. Beloved wife of Marvin, devoted mother of Ilene and Steven.
This site, 125 feet by 200 feet, would have permitted tennis courts, trees, a skating rink and similar facilities, but the membership said it was too far away from Park and Fifth Avenues.
That's a huge goal of mine.
I told my team that.''
''I told them: 'If I get another one, you're out of camp.
This kind of exposure has been a boon to his Reebok Web site, which since May has had almost 700,000 visits.
Rush was stationed behind the ferry's pilot, Richard J. Smith, and was the only witness nearby, Ms. Weinshall said.
The deficit is $81 billion lower than the $455 billion gap that White House budget officials predicted in July.
SOUND LEVEL -- Loud RECOMMENDED DISHES -- Crispy lemony shrimp, Mama's meatballs, duck prosciutto, grilled shrimp, rabbit cacciatore, soft polenta, fusilli pomodorini, cheesecake, raspberry jam tart.
So how do Britons see the war?
There was no such attack today, and the limited measures undertaken seemed to underscore the difficulty of putting any more pressure on the Palestinians.
There is no question that if Mr. Bush removes the tariffs, he will please steel users in Michigan, Minnesota and Wisconsin, states that narrowly voted for Al Gore in the 2000 election and are up for grabs next year.
The difference between the two novels is that the hero of ''The New Confessions'' was looking back at his life and shaping it with retrospective spin, while Mountstuart is writing day by day, setting down an account of things as they happen, willy-nilly, to him and his friends.
David Byrne, the European Union's health and consumer protection commissioner, said: ''The U.S. government, including Republican leaders in Congress, accuse Europe of using the issue of genetically modified food as a way of keeping out American exports.''
Over time, however, my work wardrobe has shrunk (not only in terms of its relationship to my body, but also in terms of the space it occupies in my closet) while my slouchy wardrobe has multiplied.
''Last year we were focused on one goal,'' she said.
''We're talking about small groups of parents that can cause very big problems.''
Maybe he needed to be traded once and cut twice before he left the N.F.L.
Fez, inside Time Cafe, 380 Lafayette Street, at Great Jones Street, East Village, (212) 533-2680.
With all of that, the Black Hawk has become the all-purpose aircraft, a kind of flying mule: tough, versatile, able to carry men and matériel almost anywhere, in all kinds of weather, in total darkness.
Wednesdays through Sundays at 8 p.m. Tickets: $22 for adults and $18 for those 62-plus.
CARNEGIE CLUB, 156 West 56th Street, (212) 957-9676.
Finally, a good spam law must include strong enforcement provisions.
He is right, too, to insist that the need for such a campaign is nowhere clearer than in our relations with the sundry despotisms of the Islamic world.
XM Satellite also benefited from the Delphi Corporation's introduction of a boombox, which retailed for about $200 during the holiday season, that enables XM subscribers to carry satellite service with them when they leave their cars.
As evidence of growth, she pointed to the report Friday that the economy expanded by 3.1 percent in the second quarter.
''I think if a coach gets a replay challenge right, he should retain that challenge and not be penalized for being right,'' McNair said of the current system that gives a coach two challenges per half for replay regardless of the challenge outcome.
After a couple weeks of this, if the sirens came while I was asleep, I didn't even bother to get out of my cot.
Meanwhile, the first users of these new services have begun to derive their own calculus of commercial value.
''The first thing that you have to do is not worry about should we cut the programs or raise the taxes and all those things,'' he told Fox News.
''I'm just going to stand here and sweat.''
Testifying before Congress in Washington, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said of the eight-day-old-war: ''We're still closer to the beginning than we are to the end.''
And you're going to answer for this guy.
Hours and admission: See above (Herbert Muschamp).
At least one major Yukos shareholder said, however, that the company would not seek compensation from Sibneft in court.
In the absence of a buyer, the state plans to sell municipal bonds backed by the Thompson Center, whose value is estimated around $200 million.
The 62-mile MacLehose, named for the conservation-minded colonial governor of Hong Kong from 1971 to 1982, receives heavy foot traffic just three days each November.
Russian officials have consistently said they will fulfill a lucrative contract to build the reactor, train its operators and equip it with uranium fuel.
But it has only increased the dependence of the donor upon the recipient.
But a rented kilt runs the risk of being the wrong length.
''Except for things like salaries, pensions, medical, safety, due process and things covered by law, maybe virtually everything else should be negotiable.''
(Well, perhaps not the women in panties and bras and high white boots who were dancing on platforms and grinding against poles.)
'' Debt repayment is not necessarily the only prudent use of equity, planners say.
''I want to know what a student has learned, not just his points,'' he says.
But as ''The Perilous Fight'' grinds onward, it's the smaller, more subtle moments that stick with you.
But she said she wanted to correct an error that she said had appeared in several newspapers, that her husband had changed his name to Youseff, saying it was her name for him and the Arabic name for his father, Joseph, which Mrs. Yee found easier to pronounce than James.
Chiba Bank and Hiroshima Bank each reported a return to profitability in the latest fiscal year after purging their books of bad loans in 2001.
The coalition recognizes the urgency of marrying economic well-being to political freedom.
Her favorite shows her from the back; this is not a woman caught up in the past.
At the Children's Galleries for Jewish Culture, 515 West 20th Street, Chelsea.
Pictures that looked good when you shot them may contain distracting elements; cropping allows you to prune those elements away and make the picture stronger.
called ''unprecedented,'' setting up a test for the industry this month.
Unlike the current glut of youth-oriented entertainment, ''Sex and the City'' is not courting a young audience.
Inevitably, much of the work, while influenced by life in the Soviet Union, has been affected by European, American and Russian art movements.
Mr. Horvath noted the two styles of Valpolicella -- the lighter ones and those with ''the guts of the big Amarone style'' -- and he added that neither one was wrong nor right.
It has weeklong trips for $3,575 a person (all prices are for two people sharing a room), and may add one for about $8,500 that will take participants behind the scenes with Postal.
His generous gifts to friends, business partners and top politicians of all parties over the years became legendary.
The center has vast expertise in runway disasters, and Mr. Campbell, part of the landing gear team, asked how a deflated tire would affect the spacecraft's return to earth.
School openings were delayed as much as two hours in parts of southern Minnesota, northern Iowa and central Wisconsin as the fog cut visibility to one-sixteenth of a mile in places.
Lopez, the All-Star right fielder Gary Sheffield and the four-time Cy Young Award winner Greg Maddux will become free agents.
The Justice Department instructed the White House to preserve all records relating to the case, including any involving contacts with three journalists: Robert D. Novak, the syndicated columnist who first reported the name of the intelligence officer in July and attributed the information about her to two ''senior administration officials''; and two reporters for Newsday, Timothy M. Phelps, the Washington bureau chief of the newspaper, and Knut Royce.
''This is a very exciting day in many ways because the reorganization is now no longer a concept -- it is a reality,'' he said in Long Island City.
But an official cause of death has not yet been released, and there were conflicting accounts as to how dangerous the man was.
Though there were no reports of injuries or damage in Los Angeles or San Francisco, the quake was felt across a wide stretch of coastal California, rattling nerves already on edge because of the heightened terrorism alert.
The American Consulate nearby was moved just months ago to a more secure location.
Block said it requires subpoenas from investigating authorities before releasing private information about its customers and employees.
But after a few laps around the Parco, their disappointment vanished.
* ''JAMES ROSENQUIST: A RETROSPECTIVE,'' Guggenheim Museum, Fifth Avenue at 88th Street, (212) 423-3500, through Jan. 25.
The chief executive, Gail Kelly, an American appointed three years ago, estimated per-share growth next year would decline to about 10 percent as a result of a slowdown in lending for homes.
''We will go through this very carefully, but at first blush it doesn't look like there's much more there than what they have said in public,'' the official said.
Lastly, Dr. Bekedam said, epidemiologists need to investigate a possibility that the SARS virus is being spread in a different way in Beijing than elsewhere.
The note's yield, which moves in the opposite direction from the price, rose to 4.3 percent from 4.19 percent on Tuesday.
One of the most familiar operas in the repertory comes across like the audacious work of musical drama it was when new.
The company started using the chips to provide manufacturing information that could help spot failure trends and to comply with a federal law requiring close tracking of tires for recalls.
The most anticipated late-year releases are likely to include Warner Brothers' ''Matrix: Revolutions'' on Nov. 5 and New Line Cinema's ''The Lord of The Rings: Return of The King,'' on Dec. 17.
Still, some producers have revised their earnings and dividend forecasts downward in recent months.
After Yankees pitching dominated the small-ball-loving Twins for the second consecutive game in this American League division series, Hunter was asked whether the Twins could muster enough offense to beat David Wells and tie the series at 2-2 on Sunday.
There is a sense now that on Wall Street, no one is safe.''
Schmidt threw his changeup about 88 m.p.h., slow enough to keep hitters waiting on his 95-m.p.h.
NIP/TUCK FX, tonight at 10, Eastern and Pacific times; 9, Central time Ryan Murphy, creator, executive producer, writer and director; Jamie Babbit, Scott Brazil, Elodie Keene, Nelson McCormick, Lawrence Trilling and Craig Zisk, directors; Patrick McKee, producer; Greer Shephard, executive producer; Michael M. Robin, executive producer and director; Brad Falchuk, Sean Jablonski, Lyn Greene, Richard Levine and Jennifer Salt, writers.
All the artists involved will be making their only New York recital appearances this season.
These artists are Nicolas Dumit Estevez, Scherezade Garcia, Juana Valdes, and Mr. Luciano.
''When Fox became president we felt like hope was born again,'' said Luis Radilla, 65, who was arrested and held in prison for four years.
There are no major industries here anymore to keep young people with brain power here.
''We as a generation saw people go to the moon,'' Mr. Rabena said.
''We were looking for a simple solution and realized that supplies sent to disaster areas are often shipped on these pallets,'' said Azin Valy of I-Beam.
.3:10:09 787 Tesdell, K, 45M .
The projectors use digital light processing from Texas Instruments for imaging.
Second, there was no evidence that the contractor performed some ''critical, required safety procedures'' for an operation at Kennedy that involved removing payload from the shuttle, the report said.
And the city's finances, weirdly enough, are in pretty good shape.
The implied lesson here is that we, like the multicultural cast, which ends up dancing joyously together to Cuban music, should, too.
UConn had 8 of its 12 steals in the second half.
To the Editor: Re ''God on Their Side'' (column, Sept. 27): While I agree with Nicholas D. Kristof that the evangelicals' aid to poor and suffering Africans should be applauded, it should not come on the condition of having to participate in Christian prayer.
Born in Greece, Mr. Dragonas has been running the cart for 15 years in Manhattan after working in Chicago restaurants for many years.
David W. Dorman, the chief executive of AT&T, is scheduled to announce the company's plans today in a speech in New York to Wall Street analysts.
TRIUMPH AND TRAGEDY IN MUDVILLE A Lifelong Passion for Baseball.
PHOTOGRAPHY: MONET'S GARDEN, NEVER MIND THE COLOR -- Claude Monet's garden at Giverny, a small town on the Seine about 50 miles northwest of Paris, fell into disrepair in the decades after his death in 1926.
If the builders of the pyramids might be at home with these stone carvers, they might also find familiar rituals at the Excalibur foundry, which is using a 5,000-year-old casting procedure -- the lost-wax method -- to painstakingly restore the Verizon building's intricate bronzework.
Laws there are more favorable than in many other countries to buyers, who say they bought objects without knowing that they were stolen.
No more fishing for change or pens in a console jammed with single mittens, scratched CD's and melted M&M's.
''Everyone can talk about the walks all they want, but that is not an easy job -- to stand on your feet for four hours,'' Bonds said.
''I love the space, I love the town.
The fourth-grade test is the one state and federal officials use to determine whether a school will be labeled failing and face sanctions (including removing the principal).
The judge should not allow the government to have its way.
Other prominent pinot makers in the Russian River appellation are Dehlinger, DeLoach, Martinelli and Merry Edwards.
At a news conference yesterday, City Councilman Bill Perkins said: ''This is meant to send a message beyond New York City and it is going to have a chilling effect nationally.
But if Robin Ventura's production declines in the second half for the fourth consecutive season, the Yankees may not wait.
Each has 20 percent or more of its seating capacity on Asian routes.
''We try to get stylists with an impressive pedigree,'' said Bob Cook, the president of 20th Century Television, Fox's distributor.
Miki Orihara was compelling as she trembled with fear and then resolutely confronted the monster portrayed by Gary Galbraith.
They were hoping the trains would bring the customers back, but it will take longer after the hiatus in commuter traffic, said Patricia de la Cruz.
''A Tree Grows Up,'' Sunday at 11 a.m. at Merkin Concert Hall, 129 West 67th Street, Manhattan, (212) 501-3330.
Mr. Blair's proposal assumes that all the accusations against Iraq are true.
Ann Strother's 3-pointer with 8 minutes 58 seconds left ended the run, with the Huskies ahead by 66-45.
President Bush's biggest problem may be moderate Republicans.
Ham radios, by contrast, can run on many different frequencies and provide an open network, like a huge conference call.
I practice, sotto voce, trailing Bobbi and Dasha out to the runway to see how the makeup looks under the lights.
Ms. Ewald herself is a capable photojournalist, but the best parts of this retrospective are the photographs taken by children.
PIERRO GALLERY OF SOUTH ORANGE ''Women on Top: Breaking Barriers, Resisting Limits,'' works by six artists in a variety of medium.
''We thought it was very important to get the process started, even though the war is not over yet.''
''As a young single guy in the city, I rarely entertain.
Survived by his children, Deborah, Rachel and Aaron, son-in-law Todd Thaler and granddaughter Emma Thaler.
Judy Roger, a spokeswoman for the North American Mycological Association, estimated that, at present, there are as many as 6,500 active amateur mycologists in the United States.
The conviction of his own infinite charm and intelligence is apparently so strong that he need never manifest the slightest vulnerability, doubt or complicated emotion -- anything, in other words, that might be called acting.
Lady Eccles described in an essay first published in The Vassar Alumnae Magazine in 1960 how she and Mr. Hyde were drawn to book collecting when they visited a rare book exhibition in Detroit and realized for the first time that books of this kind were not all locked up in libraries but available for purchase.
By now, viewers ought to be able to demonstrate awareness of a lengthy list of distilled-spirits brands as a result of the hundreds of spots that run each week for products that in addition to Chivas Regal include gins like Bombay Sapphire; rums like Bacardi and Captain Morgan; vodkas like Finlandia, Grey Goose and Smirnoff; whiskeys like Crown Royal and Jack Daniel's; and liqueurs like Baileys, Disaronno, Kahlúa and Southern Comfort.
The book was illustrated with drawings of laughing Buddhas, cats and sandals.
The postwar period was marked by the gradual rise of American power in the region -- a shift that testified to the increasing importance of oil, the establishment of the state of Israel and the determination to counter Soviet influence.
In refurbishing the town, Mr. Robbins is trying to build its future.
The cleanup was expected to last less than a week, and officials gave no estimate of the cost.
Garnett said the Wolves need to play as hard in the first quarter Tuesday as they did in the third quarter Sunday, when they cut the Lakers' lead to 4 from 16 before O'Neal dominated the final 15 minutes, scoring 16 points.
The victory ensured Connecticut (27-0, 14-0) of the No.
They were not human beings and it was a shame for the rest of the world to allow one people to carry out these killings.''
Estimated at $6 million to $9 million, it sold to Larry Gagosian, the Manhattan dealer, for $8 million.
What if family can't take care of me?
The study was conducted by the Council of Great City Schools, a coalition of the nation's 59 largest urban districts, and tracked math and reading scores by grade, typically over five years.
Part of a wonderful and extended family, and cherished by Bonnie Bloch, his companion.
The insurance companies said that the settlement would cost them about $503 million because the amount they will pay will be reduced by the value of their claims against Enron.
More than 50 percent of the money will actually be spent by subcontractors.
In a 1999 interview, Peter I. Bijur, at the time the chairman and chief executive of Texaco, said that ''sponsoring the Met has become part of our corporate DNA.''
This diner of gleaming stainless steel has a contemporary American menu featuring dishes like barbecue chicken and grilled Atlantic salmon.
Though he said he did not know if the prescription drug plan, for example, could be approved by his target date of late summer, he all but invited skeptics to follow his progress.
In addition, the trio and other performers offer original works by Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven, all seemingly influenced by Bach.
It's easy to see our current-day talking cures and trauma cures as Galenic spinoffs, notions so deeply rooted in Western culture that to abandon them would be to abandon, in some senses, the philosophical foundations on which medicine and religion rest.
''I knew he was, for the most part, in gaming, and whatever,'' Mr. Bulger added.
Acting Beckett, on the other hand, requires a near-obliteration of self, which is a bit harder for such finely seasoned hams to achieve.
''If we are to prevent escalation here, Syria must restrain Hezbollah,'' said Raanan Gissin, the spokesman for Ariel Sharon, the Israeli prime minister.
As a percentage, however, the fees would be smaller than the 24 percent that lawyers have averaged in other antitrust settlements over $100 million, said John C. Coffee, a professor at Columbia Law School whom the lawyers hired to review their application.
General Wallace is in charge of the Army attacks.
89 in far southern Manhattan.
She lures us into the story with clever flash-forwards to Sarah's days of triumph.
Gaborik raced into the clear and skated in on Giguère.
Nanas lemak made a favorable impression as well: jumbo shrimp with a spicy sambal paste, in a coconut milk bath with a hint of lemongrass.
.4:20:27 12691 Farrell, C, 36M .
Mr. Darre said he was uncertain exactly how many backyard poultry flocks exist in eastern Connecticut, but said many rural residents raise a few birds for pets, showing, eggs, meat or 4-H projects.
On one hand, she found the seafood risotto ''a metaphor for art'' and a lemon brûlée ''flat-out divine'' but could not bring herself to rate the restaurant higher than satisfactory with such vague complaints about dishes as ''not particularly zesty'' and ''uneventful.''
''I never knew that the Anglican Communion was together,'' said the Rev.
When Charles Schumer, a bright, scrappy Democratic congressman from Brooklyn, came along, D'Amato's string of good luck ran out.
Meg, who grew up with her mother and her emotionally troubled younger sister in a home scarred by divorce, is part angel, part surly teenage rebel.
The Tampa Bay defense features Pro Bowlers from the line to the linebackers to the secondary.
''It's been disappointing this season because we had high expectations.
Doing deals ''is a core competency of Citigroup,'' said Marjorie Magner, chief operating officer of Citigroup's consumer business, though she did not identify any specific targets.
They also ''were committed to the aesthetics and ethics of Abstract Expressionism at the time, while almost involuntarily searching for something else within it, a something else that was often expressed in a preference for organic or biomorphic forms rendered in a repetitive, obsessive manner.''
He said that a popular equation in England is that ''sex is the price women pay for love and children, and the opposite, love and children are the price that men pay for sex.''
The East Patchogue storefront is named for his hometown in El Salvador, but the food is not Latin American.
Senator Robert C. Byrd, the ranking Democrat on the Appropriations Committee, said the Senate was failing in its responsibility to examine closely a bill that would authorize the spending of 50 percent more money than the education budget.
''All this changes is the penalties.''
.3:56:30 6798 Santalices, N, 35M .
''There is a lot of pressure on the government,'' Augusto Álvarez, director of the newspaper Diario Perú 21, said by telephone from Lima.
A group of romanticists here devoted almost all their art to the theme of white nights at the turn of the 20th century, until romanticism was supplanted by Soviet realism.
The finger building, the stem of the T, juts out about 750 feet over the river and is ringed by a catwalk.
When the sun set, it poured over the floor like molten wax.''
They will have to provide papers proving that the relationship with the children claimed is as claimed, and that the children lived with them for at least six months of the year.
For now, Ward's strongest support comes from the seven top U.S.O.C.
Mr. Jackson has been charged with two counts of murder and one count of attempted murder.
We had pedaled up earlier in the day, along with hundreds of other bikers and hikers, including one cyclist dressed up as Uncle Sam, who received a chorus of cheers as he rode by the mostly European spectators.
Private Lynch was not the only recipient of such a proposal.
Recently Mr. Zhang has also accepted some official duties.
Matt Chapman was in Tallahassee, Fla., writing clever lyrics with his group the New You, which released a locally admired CD called ''Here's Where Things Turn Around'' on AAJ Records.
BARBARA LEY TOFFLER, the author of ''Final Accounting,'' argues that the circumstances surrounding the divorce of Arthur Andersen and Andersen Consulting contributed to Arthur Andersen's demise.
Actually, performance itself does not violate those restrictions, but repairing or even tuning an instrument is considered equivalent to putting the finishing stroke on a piece of work, so instrumental performance was banned to prevent that transgression.
The reader is ''effortlessly and convincingly sucked into the slipstream of dim teenage consciousness,'' David Kamp wrote here in 2002.
As he spoke on a humid summer afternoon that was punctuated by a gentle rainstorm, the Metropolitan framed him and gave him comfort.
He had left his family and moved into a place where he had gone three years without paying his landlord.
The two-week waiting period with the old test used to allow us to think about the information we had on the client and gave us time to psych ourselves up to give him or her the bad news.
How to explain, for example, Asa Watkins, the lead prosecutor, who announced on the fifth day of Pokey Barnes's retrial that he had privately concluded there was insufficient evidence to convict?
He was there to testify on behalf of Mr. Carbonaro, though the judge, Allyne R. Ross, blocked efforts by the defense lawyers to get Mr. Gravano to express an opinion that his old friend would not have tried to kill him.
He has made a shocking ascension from a pitcher who could not stay in the major leagues and nearly quit to a serviceable middle reliever with the Chicago Cubs who was asked to close games as an afterthought and became one of the most reliable ninth-inning pitchers in the majors.
* ''INTOLERABLE CRUELTY,'' starring George Clooney, Catherine Zeta-Jones and Billy Bob Thornton.
He said that students from Herricks also volunteer at the Jewish Community Center but that the numbers are not as high because it is not required there.
And after the merger, Mr. Levin and Robert W. Pittman, the other co-chief operating officer, left Mr. Parsons out of many major decisions.
Lexiva is chemically similar to the H.I.V.
North Korea has possessed short-range missiles for years, but was never known to have long-range missile capability.
BASEBALL American League BALTIMORE ORIOLES -- Agreed to terms with RHP Mike DeJean on a one-year contract.
BASKETBALL National Basketball Association CHICAGO BULLS -- Waived F Josh Davis.
Europeans are more heavily armed than is commonly believed, according to a study released this week at a United Nations conference on small arms.
Mr. Cheadle sees racial bias as part of the rough magic of Hollywood.
AMERICAN GROUND: Unbuilding the World Trade Center, by William Langewiesche.
Whatever the precise motivation, the quick fixes served as a mask.
Ruhle said he had instructed Benitez on pitch selection -- fastballs and sinkers, no sliders -- and not location.
stunt,'' said H. Robert Wientzen, the chief executive of the Direct Marketing Association, a trade group for e-tailers and catalog and other direct-mail marketers.
And if you hit it right, it's a drive that you may find yourself wanting to repeat.
Both systems were previously identified as problematic but were never repaired, the report said.
Peter S. Kalikow, the authority's chairman, said in a statement, ''This is not fair to our customers to be on an emotional roller coaster like this, and we'd like to get it resolved as soon as possible.''
A2 German Leaders May Run Again Chancellor Gerhard Schröder of Germany, left, and his coalition partner, Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer, signaled that they would run again as a team in 2006.
He often simulates a frame by painting along the edges of the wood in a contrasting color of paint.
Devoted father of Mary (Stuart) Kahn, Roberta (Steve) Goodman and Lisa (Scott) Gootman.
To make interesting matches, a company needs a large number of people who have rated or purchased a large number of products.
Dying patients may also moan or grunt as they breathe, but rarely is this a sign of pain, she noted.
Cigna did not return a call to its corporate headquarters in Philadelphia.
A Long Island priest pleaded guilty yesterday to sodomizing a teenage boy, wrapping up a case that first came to light before allegations about abusive priests began making headlines across the country.
Rebecca Lynn Bradshaw, a marketing consultant, and Jonathan Bond, an advertising executive, were married last evening at the American Museum of Natural History in New York.
In addition to the new coverage, which he called MediKids and said would protect those in state programs when state budgets were strapped, he said the plan would create federal grants to help elementary schools across the country open health care centers based in schools.
''I was shocked; we all were.
His new works show how both the poetry and the images have developed since the 80's.
He said investors should plan for annual returns on stock investments of about 8 percent -- a real return of 6.3 percent -- and he warns against trying to jump in and out of the market to improve those gains.
The coo is formed with the mouth open slightly and the lips protruded; with the threat call, by contrast, the lips appear normal and the mouth is open wider.
House Republicans are likely to demand the removal of provisions inserted by the Senate that drive the overall cost of the measure above the $389.5 billion Mr. Bush has requested.
This year it's different -- three weeks in January, two weeks in February and March.
''I don't know how long this will take because I don't have all the facts right now.''
), who refuses to give any substantive information.
Adapter cards include a disc of driver software that allows the computer's operating system to recognize the new card.
His furgon looked sickly, but we were glad to finally head into the Gobi.
It was introduced to two concepts: the free rider and the war of choice.
But Ms. Gomez's parents, Radhames, 49, and Claricia, 47, said that despite wanting to make their life in New York they want to maintain a tight rein on how Americanized their children become.
Power Marketing Administrations -- Created to bring cheap electricity to rural areas, the agencies long ago fulfilled their mission and now often crowd out private companies.
Sister Mary Lou Tressy recalled that when the jets started rumbling over Our Lady of Grace School in Howard Beach, where she was principal, the building shook harder than for any other plane.
''That would have a significant impact on our overall running time between Boston and New York, because slowing down and reaccelerating on a train has a much bigger impact than it does in an automobile,'' he said.
It has a healthy tax base and a population so motivated that dozens of residents toured Chicago suburbs by bus so that they could help develop design standards, said Richard P. Shields, a former managing director of Mesirow Stein Real Estate, the financial adviser to the project.
Nonetheless, it was time to buy.
The final blow came when Nestlé sold its bulk chocolate business to Cargill, which moved it to an existing facility in Pennsylvania, said Patricia Bowles, a spokeswoman for Nestlé USA, the American arm of the Swiss firm, which is based in Glendale, Calif. Rather than spend a fortune renovating the Fulton plant, the company decided to move most of the production to another underutilized but younger plant in Wisconsin, she said.
That brought up Liefer, a left-handed power-hitter who was acquired by the Expos from the Chicago White Sox in the Bartolo Colón trade in January.
Representative Joe L. Barton, a Texas Republican who is influential on energy matters, said today that he did not think Arctic drilling would be a major impediment to the bill.
The year 2001 was particularly difficult, he said.
Slots are not the final answer, but it will help.''
Dr. Hawass has made it his mission to reclaim those ancient Egyptian artifacts that he said ''have no parallel.''
It is hard to be optimistic about an incurable disease, but the author of this supportive resource, a writer who has had H.I.V.
He retired as a physicist from I.B.M.
City and county councils in 20 states have passed such measures, from small towns like Woodstock, N.Y., to cities as large as Chicago, Philadelphia and Detroit.
General Clark, who retired from the military in 2000, marched into the Democratic presidential field with a pledge to aggressively challenge Mr. Bush on his handling of the economy and military affairs.
The narrative plunges into melodrama and metaphysics.
But things began to change last year, as venture capitalists became increasingly interested in the wireless field and radio frequency chips.
The internal Teamsters report, completed in October, said Consolidated's executives had used their ties to Gambino family members to save money by having its drivers join Local 854, rather than Transit Workers Local 1181, which had bargained for better wages and benefits.
JOHNSON--Dorothy C., 84, Bronx, NY.
Having distant experts support combat operations allowed commanders here to send only a handful of technical experts to Iraq instead of all 1,500 people that support the surveillance missions here.
''The entire gamut of relations between our two countries will be on the agenda, in particular the issue of debt,'' one Iraqi was quoted by the Itar-Tass news agency as saying.
The government has since beefed up military fortifications around Bujumbura and briefly tightened an evening curfew.
Last weekend, the United Nations suspended road travel for its workers in southern Afghanistan after several Afghan aid workers were tied up and beaten.
''We would have loved to have him conduct one of his works, but he was adamant about not having his own music on the first concert.
Instead of treating the first movement's extended piano cadenza like an opportunity for brilliant display, Mr. Serkin played it with intimacy and quicksilver imagination.
The decision to wed was mutually exploitive.
''The real regulatory issue here is, when you have these linked markets and one market knows there is a problem, should the market that calls for a trading halt be able to impact trading on other markets?''
Saddam is not a good man, but how do we justify invading a sovereign nation, bombing and killing innocents and not-so-innocents?''
''It meant a lot to me,'' she said of the trip, much of which she walked.
He proved long ago that the intimate yearnings of ordinary people are destructive; in ''The Goat'' he relishes the explosion.
The deterioration in the long-run budget outlook is nothing short of catastrophic; at this point a fiscal train wreck appears inevitable once the baby boomers retire in large numbers.
What did happen is not insignificant.
Sierra Returns to Team In July 1996, trading Ruben Sierra helped the Yankees win the World Series.
One hears all these elements in the piece.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR VISITORS: Life and Love in a French Town.
The benefits of chemotherapy for bladder cancer have been disputed, but a study published in August by doctors at the University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center found that chemotherapy before surgery increased the average survival time to 77 months, compared with 46 months for only surgery.
It will soon have to begin withholding hundreds of millions in funds from public schools and vendors who sell products to the state.
Mr. Goodyear a former Kidder, Peabody and Freeport-McMoRan executive, joined BHP in 1999 as chief financial officer.
Most viewers will be locked in on Johnson on Sunday, while N.F.L.
There they got the news of a rabbinical ruling that caused them to turn back and to return the body to Hebron.
.5:27:37 28657 Schneider, H, 51M .
When the smoke cleared, South had just two tricks, a penalty of 1400.
It may also simplify things if you buy the access point and wireless card from the same company, like Linksys, Netgear or D-Link.
(Ages 10 and up) 3 3 121 3HARRY POTTER AND THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS, by J. K. Rowling.
The nearly 100 Russian authors who are flocking to this mammoth gathering of agents, publishers and booksellers follow on the heels of political leaders who have cultivated closer ties between Russia and Germany.
We were second-guessing ourselves on shots, turning the ball over.''
In these cases, phlegmatic, enigmatic, tentative and ruminative are acceptable as blank expressions.
''One of the things that impresses me is the power and influence that the right wing in Chile still has to manipulate and even distort history,'' said José Miguel Vivanco, a Chilean who is director of Human Rights Watch Americas.
He graduated magna cum laude from Babson College.
Mr. Anemone's lawyer, Jay Shapiro, criticized the complaint as evidence of the inspector general's misguided priorities ''in light of serious allegations of corruption that have not been investigated.''
''It made me think I could be a fiction writer,'' he said.
CAROLINA HURRICANES--Recalled LW Mike Watt from Lowell of the AHL.
But it is an unusual collection, reflecting the personal taste of Ms. Duke, who became interested in Southeast Asian art in 1935, when she visited the region as part of a yearlong honeymoon.
The book says he even taunted some men he had slept with by pointing to the sores on his arm and saying, ''gay cancer -- maybe you'll get it.''
One attack, planned for Bahrain, was thwarted, but other worrying signs followed.
Mr. Schwarzenegger had said that he would run only if there were no other relatively moderate candidate in the race capable of defeating Mr. Davis and solving California's financial and political problems.
Cruz M. Bustamante, a Democrat, at 32 percent and State Senator Tom McClintock, a conservative Republican, at 15 percent.
That index is one of several research studies that the board uses in deciding how much to increase the rents.
Dense, all-over fields comprising scads of little antic figures, charts, diagrams, symbols and lots and lots of words map the geopolitical landscape of the Vietnam War era.
''This is the first evidence that we have that a piece of foam that approximates what was observed in the accident can, in fact, crack and damage a piece of flight-reinforced carbon panel,'' Mr. Hubbard said.
IN the movies, biometrics can give a high-tech sheen to an ordinary task like establishing that someone is who he says he is.
They can bring a friend, family member or a lawyer.
Mr. Chalabi waited 45 minutes in a line to get in, then left.
The children loved the log bridges that spanned dry streambeds and swampy areas like balance beams.
My problem is that I can record 100 different things, but then I want to take it on the road and put it into some form that's portable.
Tickets, $12, $10 for members.
Dr. Strozier, 59, also teaches history at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York, which lost 70 alumni in the attacks.
''I used to see her do ----'' Here, his voice trailed off.
Today's plasma screen displays use the seeds of Dr. Bitzer's and Dr. Slottow's design (although these days they require more than just a cover slide and some electrodes).
That provision allows Norwegian Cruise to put American flags on the two unfinished ships once they are completed as well as turning Norwegian Sky into the Pride of Aloha.
tournament semifinals, when Duke won, 68-62, and Izzo blamed himself for that loss.
''We have a lot of layoffs in the financial sector, white-collar and clerical support.
If the United States federation, American sponsors, American networks or even some ambitious management group should throw its considerable weight behind the W.S.F., the old International Skating Union could have some troubles.
Earlier targets have included the United Nations, the International Committee of the Red Cross and the Jordanian Embassy.
THE SIMPSONS HIT AND RUN Developed by Radical Entertainment and published by Vivendi Universal Games for the PlayStation 2, Xbox and GameCube; PC version (Windows 98 and later) due on Nov. 16; $49.99; for ages 13 and older.
''The Ballad of Irving the Frog and Other Stories,'' through Nov. 23 at Vital Theater Company, second floor, 432 West 42nd Street, Clinton.
Criminal Law A pair of decisions upheld California's three-strikes law that imposes long sentences for a third offense, even a nonviolent property crime.
''History suggests that nothing is permanent.
''Scrushy represented to HealthSouth that the market price was a reliable way to price his shares fairly,'' Judge Leo Strine Jr. wrote.
''The objective is simple; the obstacles are gigantic,'' says Keyes, who has a habit of voicing ideas that have long since occurred to everyone in the theater except the people onscreen.
His face contorted at times into what resembled a pained grimace.
It was not clear if the police fired the shot that hit the man, said Sgt.
He also works with the Federation of Southern Cooperatives, an African-American farming group based in Atlanta that is trying to keep the tradition of black-owned farms alive.
But that did little to erase the shock, grief and anger over the dead children.
The concept of a business appointment still has no meaning here.
Her creative philosophy was ''go there and see where you go,'' Mr. Bernstein said recently.
Conversant in several languages, he subsequently held editorial positions at Spanish and Portuguese publications in New York.
Information: (800) 477-7500 or on the Web at www.rssc.com.
But scientists are steadily unlocking the critical biological secrets of addiction and the reasons that some people become addicted to specific substances but others do not.
and NASD, the nation's two main securities regulators, settled with Credit Suisse First Boston last year.
''Both teams are 4-6 and somebody is going home after Monday night for sure.''
What scientists, murdered lest they point the way to germs and poison gases, left incriminating documents behind?
''It's not necessary to resolve the I.B.M.
The proposal represents a major political gamble for Mr. Warner, 49, who is considered a rising star in the Democratic Party and a potential candidate for the Senate in 2006.
TotalFinaElf, the French oil major, is one of our top picks, along with Royal Dutch.
According to Robert Frederick, senior manager of Amazon.com's Web Services and Device Access division, the company has, since 1999, ''invested quite a bit of time and energy on this, even before the technology was ready.''
In Seach of Utopia When the leaders of the Amalgamated Clothing Workers Union founded the cooperative, they presumably did not foresee courses in Eastern methods of meditation.
Judge Vogelson ruled that the board had the right to fire him and did not infringe on his rights to free speech.
''Attitude-wise, he hasn't changed anything,'' Sojo said.
All of the bills must go to the Assembly for consideration.
That year opened the door.''
But today, aides to Dr. Paige distributed what they said was the exact quotation, based on a tape of the interview.
It wasn't like I was on this trip for me.
Hitchcock said he thought it was strange to see Batista batting cleanup in the first, but he figured the Orioles had made a late lineup change.
''Ullrich might have been thinking about getting a breather,'' Sherwen said, who added that he believes Ullrich did wait and had a responsibility to do so.
She said that she had recently spoken with the Casanova family on the street.
.4:57:01 22558 Castillo, C, 30F .
A woman is involved, it turns out, if not quite the mistress of the title: a cultivated older woman, a fellow student, who gets the old man out of his repining lethargy and into exploring the new life.
''I just love the University of Michigan,'' he said.
Emir Kusturica's ''Underground,'' released by New Yorker, may have won the Palme d'Or at the 1995 Cannes International Film Festival, but a wildly excessive, hugely long account of some 50 years of Balkan history told in Serbo-Croatian can't expect too much of a run in American movie theaters.
They have been cutting some lines of communication, they've been raiding some facilities, they've been going to some suspected weapons of mass destruction locations.
Officials said afterward that he was suffering from heat exhaustion.
Israeli Cancer Research NEXT SUNDAY -- A black-tie dinner at the Pierre will benefit the Israel Cancer Research Fund, which supports the work of Israeli scientists.
Family will receive friends Sunday and Monday 2-5 and 7-10 PM.
Both of the men, like Mr. Disney, are older than the mandatory retirement age of 72 and were told last week that they would be asked to leave.
In more populated areas, they would return often to the same alleys, streets and rooftops on foot, getting to know the people.
''They are not worried what other people think,'' Dr. Gordon said.
They kind of find me and go, ''Ooooh.''
It's a sweet ending to a mild and modest book, one that proves yet again that, as Charlotte the spider once spun it about Wilbur, Olivia is Some Pig.
Super MP3 Recorder ($30; www.supermp3recorder.com) and AudioStreamer ($40; www.rmbsoft.com/as.asp) are programs that can record live audio streams on Windows systems.
In fact, the union had raised the issue, unsuccessfully.
The day of our appointment was gray and wintry.
Lining up against Mr. Deal today were lawmakers, organic farmers, the Bush administration and major food corporations that are investing millions of dollars to create their own organic foods.
The timing also worked to the advantage of many agencies, which were on their summer-hours schedules, closing on Fridays or giving employees half-days off.
They flew when they chose to fly.
DWAYNE ROBERTS, the former coach, had a record of 18-79-5 in six seasons.
The person answering Sovereign's phone said that Mr. Fitter was not giving interviews and that no one else at the company could comment.
If you mandate it, you take out the voluntary part.''
If I am vaccinated, I will be complicit with a policy I morally oppose and unnecessarily endanger my own health.
Having composed some poetry in high school, Mr. Welch studied English literature at the University of Montana in Missoula, graduating in 1964. and pursuing further study in the university's master's program.
City officials said delays on the bridges averaged 20 to 40 minutes yesterday, though drivers said they seemed much longer.
Prices initially went that low because of a cold, wet spring in 2000, said Larry Salathe, a senior economist at the United States Department of Agriculture.
If authorship is uncertain, so are names.
Not surprisingly this yields the pokiest letters in an otherwise nimble, funny and poignant piece of writing.
President Bush signed legislation in April authorizing a temporary three-year commemorative redesign of the nickel, left, to celebrate the bicentennial of the Louisiana Purchase and the Lewis and Clark expedition.
He is writing a musical called ''The Notoriously B.I.G.
MEGIBOW -- Dorothy (nee Kirsch).
The relatively noisy minority of Boston fans was a direct result of the dismal weather in the morning.
The offer is valued at $14.50 a share of PetroCorp.
''What Ben Curtis did a couple of weeks ago gave everybody hope in major championship golf,'' Els said.
If such a representation was included in the contract, he said, and the sponsor had the legal right to make that representation, the letter writer would have no obligation to provide documentation and the sponsor should insist that the sale proceed.
Sitting in before-the-feature semi-darkness, trying to refrain from eating all your popcorn before the end of the opening credits, watching for the Motion Picture Association of America's reassurance that, whatever restrictions have been placed on the film itself, the following preview has been approved for all audiences -- these moments of foreplay are also, somehow, the very quintessence of movie love.
More than three million people have been killed in nearly five years of fighting in Congo and some two million in two decades of civil war in Sudan.
Services Saturday, 1:30pm, at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Ave.
Yet injuries are not the whole story.
The general election for mayor will not take place until November 2004.
Analysts expected earnings of 1 cent a share.
Tickets (available from Dance Theater Workshop, a co-presenter with the Danspace Project and Joyce Theater): $15 (general seating, with doors opening at 6:15) (Dunning).
The company now recognizes revenues in a more conservative way than it formerly did.
His being barred from certain success brought an outpouring of frustration by his countrymen, who perceived themselves as victims of dark international forces.
oz., $20; Japanese hair straightening at the Arrojo Studio, about $550 Bath Then Vitabath Now Jo Malone Bath Oil in Grapefruit, 200 ml., $100 Nail Polish Then Revlon coral on suntanned fingers Now T. LeClerc in Rose French, 8 ml., $15 Body Creams Then Elizabeth Arden Perfection Cream, Orange Skin Food Now La Prairie Skin Caviar Luxe Body Cream, 5 oz., $300 Moisturizers Then Elizabeth Arden Crème Extraordinaire, Preparation H (around the eyes) Now Crème de la Mer, 30 ml., $155 Facials then Carita in Paris Now Tracie Martyn resculpting facial, $387 Spas Then The Golden Door, the Renaissance, the Brenner's Park-Hotel and Spa in Baden-Baden Now Canyon Ranch, Banyan Tree, Terme di Chianciano Goal Then To be rich, beautiful and blond Now To be rich, beautiful and blond -- Joyce Chang
Fox conducted a master class in how to diminish the dignity of the World Series by using two ill-advised, advertiser-coddling features during Games 1 and 2.
Behind the argument whether war is the answer lurks the question what goals one has in the Middle East.
But the football coaches are paid from the $13 million in so-called nonappropriated funds, which are raised from ticket sales at games, television revenue from broadcasts of the Army-Navy game and a variety of donations, including those raised by the Associate of Graduates and another nonprofit group, the Army Athletic Association.
In recent days, as he faced an avalanche of skepticism from reporters about how well the war was going and whether he had miscalculated Iraqi resistance and the force needed to conquer Saddam Hussein, his brio has at times given way to defensiveness.
Although opponents of the plant believe that they can push for a shutdown this way, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission has said it could still allow the plant to operate without the emergency plan.
The government also commissioned the Institute for Health Surveillance, a public health agency in Paris, to canvass hospitals and other public health facilities to determine why so many of the French perished in the invasion of heat and humidity.
The 30-year bond declined 16/32 , to a price of 106 20/32 .
We want everyone to be comfortable, and to make friends.''
For the people who live around Columbia Street, the days of Wild Kingdom may be coming to an end.
The journalists are ''embedded'' with, say, a Marine Expeditionary Unit, eating their food, sleeping where they sleep, swapping stories around the ol' tent, winning cigarettes at poker games.
There is also the question of what the elderly and their children can afford.
''There's no doubt about it that people are grumbling,'' said Scott Hartman, president of the CHR Corporation, which owns 51 convenience stores with gas stations in the York, Pa., area.
All of them, prosecutors said Tuesday, are accused of helping to smuggle hundreds of pounds of cocaine and marijuana a year through Kennedy International Airport, in what federal officials have called one of the largest and longest-running criminal enterprises of its kind.
Tomorrow night at 8:30; tickets are $10 (Pareles).
''Can you please tell me what is going on?''
States in the South and West tend to keep tuition lower for everyone.
A superstylish Art Deco model from the mid-1930's, this icebox belongs to a very particular design genre: the presentation appliance.
If Colley is a lesser storyteller, he has not chosen a lesser story.
Antonello Colonna, via Roma, 89, Labico, (39-06) 9510032, (39-06) 9511000.
LANGER--Bernice C. November 28th, 2001.
3 4 *THE WORLD ALMANAC AND BOOK OF FACTS 2004.
Then cheating won't make sense.
A number of electric power consultants and engineering professors have argued, like FirstEnergy, that changes in energy markets, driven by deregulation, contributed to the blackout.
They want to spend time with their family.
Saturday mornings are the busiest and best for people watching.
This week, when the bishops reconvene in St. Louis, much of their discussion will go on behind closed doors, including what could be their most telling interchange.
Augusta National has invited professional golfers and superintendents of golf courses nationwide to attend the tournament for a number of years.
For those who want to be more selective, there are a few ways to import just the photos you want.
Britain has arrested more than 200 suspects under new antiterror laws since the Sept. 11 attacks.
What if a natural disaster, such as a flood, were to befall the system?
''Is there one beauty person you absolutely can't live without?''
It may seem like a brave move to open up in New York during a recession, but Mallett, a public company quoted on the London Stock Exchange, has done extremely well recently.
Three days after the bombing of Hiroshima, another B-29 dropped an atomic bomb on Nagasaki, and the Japanese surrendered.
Like Ms. Mann, Michael Stotts, managing director at Long Wharf, said it was impossible to predict which of the theater's plays might be tagged for Broadway.
I grew up in the 60's and was enthralled by the manned space program, and the space enthusiast in me would be delighted to see us land people on Mars.
The first, the less contentious, is that he coined the word atlas -- the mythical titan was his childhood hero -- for a volume of collected maps.
To the Editor: Your Nov. 25 editorial about cellphone number portability put forth the notion that the ability to keep your number when you switch providers will create a sea change in behavior and a new wave of competition, and credits the Federal Communications Commission for its wisdom in pushing this policy.
''He was controversial to start with, and this will certainly make him more controversial,'' said Peter McGowan, a Republican and the town supervisor of Islip who has called on Mr. Neppell to resign.
Making prospects even dimmer for reform is the fundamental opposition mounted by purists in economics, who maintain that checkbook balancing and other forms of personal finance are not academic, and, therefore, do not belong in the classroom.
With an ancient computer system, and with many agency offices using half-complete paper files to document cases, New Jersey knew it had to allocate money for the new system as early as 1997, when it actually put up $7 million to buy computers.
Two of the four gifts for which Mr. Rowland paid fines involved his paying less than the market value for stays at vacation homes owned by the family of William A. Tomasso, a New Britain builder whose companies have done millions of dollars worth of work for the state.
There, he happens upon two important revelations.
He won the first competitions he entered, designing a college cafeteria and a woodworking shop.
''Nasu: Summer in Andalusia,'' directed by Kitaro Kosaka, might be thought of as a Japanese ''Breaking Away.''
We value a soldier's life so much more than they do.
Bring children: the huge banyan with its above-ground roots is perfect for hide-and-seek.
He said he was a satisfied customer of Cingular, but he planned to march into one of its stores after Nov. 24 to see if he could get more weekly minutes or free voice mail.
Now, despite the fact that Mr. Stolzenberg has built the medical center into a nationally recognized teaching hospital that provides virtually every surgical and medical specialty, it appears that the county will have to come to the rescue.
Even ''if Iraq is resolved successfully,'' he said, ''there are other potential geopolitical clouds on the horizon.''
''You can't sit around and watch,'' Conway said.
Last summer Karen went to gymnastic camp at Chelsea Piers; the fee included a handful of guest passes to the health club and a pool that had commanding views of the Hudson (if decidedly flimsy kickboards).
The plots streak along at breakneck speed.
There's an informality about ''Cabaret'' that the Broadway theater could use more of.
Of course, Leone's inspiration was Akira Kurosawa's ''Yojimbo.''
It was like learning that someone you thought of as a social drinker is, in fact, a confirmed alcoholic whose addiction can be contained only by acknowledging the loss of control and accepting the need for a power -in this case, the United Nations -- higher than itself.
The deal represents one of the first substantial steps by a large pharmaceutical company toward making drugs using the new technology, known as RNA interference.
As Mr. Angelus, a former owner of a shaving implements company, outlined it, someone who paid $22.95 a month to his Street Parking Exchange was to call it a half-hour before leaving a space, and another member calling in search of a space would be told about the coming vacancy.
The darker the color the better the taste.''
The Qarmat Ali water treatment plant in southern Iraq is crucial to keeping the oil flowing from the region's petroleum-rich fields.
She has suffered greatly, and deserves a real home of her own.
It was not clear today whether the attacks were intended in any way as a thank-you gesture by the United States for Iran's policy of noninterference in the war in Iraq.
On the couch, Bonham-Carter was crying.
But other teams have been able to deal with significant injuries to star players.
''Colleagues tell me, 'Watch what you're eating, lay off the doughnuts, join a gym.'
She had an enormous impact on tens of thousands of Jewish teens during her many years of service to the JCC Movement.
This is information that doctors and patients need.''
CHIP SHOTS Eight players, led by BETH DANIEL, were tied for fourth at 68, three under par.
The Fair Trade Blend, the coffee picked by workers who get a decent salary, is by the bag, too.
Although that percentage grew last year, it is still dwarfed by the number of federal prosecutions in cases related to drugs, immigration and white-collar crime.
Mr. Quattrone, dressed in a navy blue sport jacket and khaki pants, calmly testified yesterday that when he sent the e-mail message he was unaware that the government's investigation included the investment bankers who would receive it.
Though most colonoscopies were done by doctors who did several hundred each in 2001, almost half the doctors did only one.
Time and again, the Iraqis kept coming, and the Americans shot them.
It bounced off and hit the radiator.
.4:30:54 15585 Coon, A, 27M .
The priests of the Church of Free Trade were sent far and wide on a mission and brought back many souls, and much lucre.
Mr. Heyward, a former executive producer of ''The Evening News'' who first worked with Mr. Rather more than two decades ago, said he did not want to comment on the future.
Then there's the American Museum of Natural History, a sign-starved labyrinth where, if you're looking for the exhibition on Vietnam's history and culture, you might want to pack a compass; between the museum's Central Park West entrance and the mysterious Gallery 77 -- host to the ''Vietnam'' show -- I got lost four times, a frightful journey that would have been completely impossible without my rudimentary knowledge of the English language.
Under 16 with an adult, free.
chairman, planning dealt with blizzards and pickpockets.
Thirty years ago, about 50 percent of the district's students walked to school, but only 20 percent walk to school now.
Discounted prices also disrupt the manufacturers' price strategy and the shopper's sense of the value of a toy, he said.
The state-controlled company has said that it will raise the limit on foreign ownership to 49 percent by the end of 2003 as part of its overall plan to make the company private.
In the end it comes down to America's power in the world.''
Mr. Patterson, convicted of killing an elderly couple in 1986, was on death row for 17 years.
He added, ''The defining event of the decade might well be the breakup of the Soviet empire.''
Mr. Silleck's current plan is to have artists create a ''vast legislature of Tyler Hamilton's mind.''
Like Isabel Archer, who fears she is ''a cold, hard, priggish person,'' Amy worries because ''her heart had never been broken or even grazed.''
The music begins at 7 p.m., but audience members can arrive at 5 p.m. to tour the gardens and picnic on the well-manicured grounds.
But Mr. Davis, according to the indictment, had been giving his clients information from the briefings before the embargo was lifted since about 1999.
''It represents our president when he was orphaned in the 1948 earthquake,'' Marat explained.
.3:50:44 5568 Spinner, C, 26F .
She is one of several young German directors, including Tom Tykwer (''Run Lola Run'') and Sandra Nettelbeck (''Mostly Martha''), who have shown that home-grown artistic films can compete with broad comedies at the German box office.
American Airlines, which is struggling to stay out of bankruptcy court, said it had reached a tentative agreement on labor concessions with six small work groups in its largest union.
If you have a bunch of Iraqis in uniform, some kind of uniform that's not American uniform, and they are armed, wandering around inside Baghdad, you would think that they would be a potential target for either British or American forces.
McDermott's chief executive, Bruce Wilkinson, said in a statement that approval was contingent upon a tax-neutral and favorable cost analysis.
In the long run, however, Empire will be allowed to sell some stock for its own behalf and issue new shares for acquisitions.
leader Tom DeLay still can't get 148 signatures on a letter promising to sustain what would be Bush's first veto.)
Cookbooks covered with traces of food and handwritten notes are a palimpsest, a a testament to recipes used over and over and refined through the years.
Jesse Jackson, emphasized the importance of getting out the vote for the recall election and paraphrased a quotation from the Rev.
In the lawsuit, Mark DeMarco accused his brother of depicting himself as a preservationist to ''distract everyone from his gross mismanagement'' of the family cranberry business, A. R. DeMarco Enterprises, of Hammonton, N.J. Mr. DeMarco, a semiretired lawyer, also sued his sister, Anna Lynne Papinchak, of Edmonds, Wash.
The Avaya unit makes a wider range of cables to connect devices in corporate phone and computer networks than CommScope, which specializes in high-capacity cabling.
As described in the measure, the procedure is one in which a doctor partially delivers a living fetus until much of its body ''is outside the body of the mother'' and then ''performs the overt act, other than completion of delivery, that kills the partially delivered fetus.''
The chief executive's role may change, and candidates may not want to take office until the reorganization is complete, which could keep Scherr in office through the reform period.
Mrs. Wollemborg, 27, teaches English and journalism at Adlai E. Stevenson High School in the Bronx, where she is a New York City teaching fellow.
In an author's note, Salzman writes that he didn't tape-record any of the classes or take notes, instead recreating class discussions and jail encounters from memory.
Most routes offer cyclists a chance to pedal up to 35 miles a day on bikes provided.
She graduated from Princeton and received a master's degree in journalism from Stanford.
Put sugar and anise seeds in bowl of a food processor, and process 1 minute to flavor sugar with anise.
In Thailand, they might live in a rural hamlet that doesn't even have a name.''
Mr. Marabh was deposed behind closed doors last week.
None of this will be easy.
''It probably has more meaning now than it did before.''
Lehman Brothers To Acquire Neuberger Berman Lehman Brothers, the financial giant, announced on Tuesday that it would acquire Neuberger Berman, a Manhattan-based asset management firm, for $2.63 billion to increase its ability to invest money for wealthy individuals.
Vitals, part of Fairchild Publications, will compete directly with Cargo, a bimonthly shopping magazine being developed by Condé Nast Publications, with a debut set for March.
The last time the agency took such a step, in 1994, it led to a discussion of sanctions, which North Korea made clear then -- and has made clear now -- would constitute a declaration of war.
Mr. Thompson calculated that Mr. Georgine, who made $6 million in Ullico stock trades separate from the arrangement on which the federal inquiries are focused, received $10.7 million from 1999 to 2001, including the proceeds of those trades.
''On the one hand, you have radio, Hollywood, the mass production of cars, the creation of national consumer markets, and on the other hand, the growth of fundamentalist Christianity, the Scopes trial, Prohibition, the revival of the Ku Klux Klan, the anti-immigrant movement, all of which are a kind of backlash to modernity, but which use, often very skillfully, the new media to promote their causes.
It will be run by you, the people of Iraq.''
While the outcome could determine the country's course, he said Mr. Putin himself might never resolve it.
He proposed third-floor ''sky lobbies'' in the office towers along Church Street, to free up large blocks of space for retailers.
The spread of cellphones in Africa, for instance, has left many people with less disposable income for cigarettes.
The James Bond, Austin Powers, ''Star Wars,'' ''Mission: Impossible'' and ''Mummy'' franchises are all heavily raided.
Mr. Worby is preparing to sue the school district for what he called a pattern of negligence and cover-up.But the Morris family denies the Maldonados' claims.
Rooney became England's youngest player when he entered as one of 11 second-half substitutes.
This Republican committee is run by Mr. Terwilliger, Mr. Shirley and Frank Donatelli, a Republican lawyer and consultant.
But in a week when fairness was so evidently on the ropes --from the World Trade Organization meeting in Cancún, which poor nations walked out of in frustration, to the latest issue of Forbes, reporting that the richest 400 Americans are worth $955 billion -- the capuchin monkeys offered a glimmer of hope from the primate gene pool.
The detail in this extraordinary feat of reportage can be intimidating at times -- the etiquette of prison visits, techniques of cutting dope, rituals of dance clubs, people's clothes, voices, smells and hairdos.
As the others ran about, she remained seated on the wet ground near the doorstep of her mud-brick hovel.
''But once they figure you out, they label you and put you in a box.
The couple were married on April 26 at All Souls Unitarian Church in Washington.
His father retired as a senior editor for the Plenum Publishing Corporation in New York, a publisher of scientific books and journals.
But the disconnected, questing characters in ''Panic!''
But more than two decades later, many clerics here are openly questioning the wisdom of that earlier generation.
So an American campaign to persuade or coerce Iran to abandon nuclear weapons that does not consider its security concerns risks appearing unrealistic and futile.
The Colorado Rockies were the first to make the leap into variable pricing, five years ago.
Neal Pilson, an industry consultant, said the industry ''self-regulates and compensates'' for excessive payments.
A total of 56 schools and 610 competitors from Long Island took part in this inaugural meet.
''It took us a while to find some left-handers that can do the job,'' Cashman said.
But many Shiites have been sitting on the sidelines, waiting to see whether the Americans or Mr. Hussein will prevail.
help us to turn them out roofless with their little children to wander unfriended the wastes of their desolated land.
Love Andrew, Sam, and Elizabeth SISKIND-Claire.
''The result is a wonderland tour of medicine's most radical shift in perspective since the germ theory of disease,'' Nathaniel C. Comfort said here in 2001.
''Since then, the mood is more somber.''
The original plan was to clean out the tanks and, in preparation for transfer to a deep repository, solidify the wastes.
There is enough short-term juice in the system -- military spending, tax rebates, mortgage refinancing, spectacularly low interest rates -- to strengthen the economy for a quarter or two.
Mr. Grant gestures, on camera, toward the park.
PAGE A24 An Endangered Haven As billions of birds leave the Canadian boreal forest to fly south, a conference is being held to discuss the preservation of the forest.
In neighborhoods where memories of the 1977 blackout linger, yesterday did not bring the sounds of that long-ago evening.
Janice Monahan, a spokeswoman for America West, said that the airline has completed its testing of paid meal service but is still evaluating it.
I'm worried about freezing to death.''
The Atlanta Braves reclaimed their ballpark and reclaimed some respect Wednesday night.
The governor made it plain that he had not changed his rigid opposition to new broad-based taxes as a way to balance the state's books, despite a concerted campaign by unions, teachers and social-service advocates to persuade him that taxing the wealthy would be a better choice.
I know he'll do well.
He said he planned to create and sell at least one original new work, worth around $50,000, and donate the proceeds to the program, which helps children and families who lost a family member that day.
BOSTON BALLET -- The company, another beneficiary of Balanchine's early concern, begins its year in mid-month with two showings of Rudolf Nureyev's exuberant production of ''Don Quixote'' with a mixed bill of dances by George Balanchine and the English choreographer David Dawson sandwiched between.
Set in working-class Irish Catholic Boston, this film revisits the themes of violence, honor and guilt that have haunted many of Mr. Eastwood's movies; it is among the most humane of his films, but also the most rigorously pessimistic.
Bobby Cox, the Braves' manager, said Sheffield hit the ball as hard as any hitter he had ever seen.
Officer Schaad, 22, died two weeks after being shot.
Some old-timers recall fondly the elegant days that the newer boutiques are attempting to resurrect.
Open Monday 1 to 6:30 p.m., Tuesday to Saturday from 10:30 a.m. Francis (International Art Development), Steenhouwersvest 14; (32-3) 288 94 33, www.francis.be.
He hasn't been admitted to the hospital in the three years since he and his family started following the program.
''By the time we got here,'' Mr. Henderson said, ''there was this strange mixture of smoke, pork fat, dampness and weird paintings.
Menu listings and prices are subject to change.
Her oldest child was then 6 months old.
To bounce over the rutted roads here is to feel transported back to the Biafra crisis in Nigeria or the 1984-85 Ethiopia famine, for sick and dying children are everywhere.
Last fall, a wave of people sought treatment for vomiting and diarrhea, symptoms that turned out to be early signs of the outbreak of a Norwalk-type virus, the same outbreak that tore through several cruise ships.
Despite his lack of financial and personnel support, two Internet-based groups have worked for months as de facto campaign organizations for him, rousting up as much potential support as volunteer groups can in the hope that their services would be called upon.
But prosecutors suspect that Ahold's accounting practices were meant to inflate some executives' bonuses, which were tied to sales.
The homes can be purchased, for $1 million or more, fully furnished, a common marketing strategy in the region.
Mr. Ravitz, who served in the Assembly for 12 years, did not seek re-election last year, after losing a special election for a state Senate seat representing the East Side of Manhattan.
The carpentry crafts course is full, with 20 people signed up, and more on the waiting list.
True, they do underline Johnson's critique of contemporary America as a culture rich in everything except the warmth of human connection.
She wrote Allan that the photographs ''are very blurred and variable, but some are gorgeous.
''There were dire predictions of schism then, and today the gifts of women in ministry are almost universally accepted,'' he said.
FURNACE BROOK WINERY Richmond, Mass., (800) 833-6274, www.hilltoporchards.com.
To listen to him for any period of time is to think: ''I really should fix that loose bathroom tile and take out my air-conditioners.
talked about placing a second team in the New York area.
But Dr. Diaconis has a hunch.
''There are books being published called the cultural history of American art, and there are no African-American artists,'' Ms. Fine said.
Don't Tell Me,'' on the other hand, is best savored over lunch on the deck or at the kitchen counter with Cherry Coke, tortilla chips and salsa all within easy reach.
''I was hired to play on 'School Daze,' and I played on 'Do the Right Thing' and 'Mo' Better Blues.'
But it still has its high wood wainscot, Art Deco metalwork and exit lamps and fluted wall decoration, all with the 1930's look of Radio City Music Hall.
He has also developed a close relationship with Dawn Taubin, a Warner veteran and president of domestic marketing with whom he often talks on the telephone.
Chapel service Tuesday, October 28th, at 1 PM, at Riverside Gordon Memorial Chapel, 7205 West Atlantic Avenue, Delray Beach, FL.
At the arraignment, an assistant United States attorney, Peter Katz, asked Judge Pollak to set a high bail for the defendant.
LaVere led the Irish with 23 points and 9 rebounds.
People are unhappy and very angry, so whenever there is an opportunity, they want to express this anger.''
One of the original eating spots on the stretch of North Shattuck known as the Gourmet Ghetto, the restaurant is a cooperative in which all workers earn the same wages and share profits equally.
Most members of the vessel's crew have been interviewed more than once, but Captain Gansas and Captain Smith made only brief statements to the police in the hours after the accident, officials have said.
Nor does she command City Hall's respect the way they did.
This year, New York almost passed such a law, but it was vetoed in August by Gov.
Targets like those could be cordoned off with new bomb barriers, new walls, new restrictions on movement.
As for Mr. Baz, Mr. Sasonkin said he felt bitterness toward ''any person who kills other people.''
''For the most part, ballots don't have historical value, but obviously 2000 was a bit different,'' said Ken Detzner, Florida's acting secretary of state.
What they're looking at is sales, and the sales are great.
It's a fair question, considering that in 1981, the last time basketball's ratings were this low, the Larry Bird-led Boston Celtics were preparing to face the Houston Rockets in what would be the sixth and final game of the N.B.A.
Yet he added that since a week ago last night, when President Bush announced the 48-hour deadline for Saddam Hussein to leave Iraq, ''we've still had significant declines in oil prices and the stock market is up.''
One concluded that the incidence of anemia among the elderly was four to six times as great as had been suspected, affecting as many as a quarter of those over 75.
''It is one of the many ironies of his situation that the very same people who used to revile him for being enslaved to opinion polls now lambaste him for not listening to the public.''
(Perhaps our demand for strawberries is less revealing of our souls or culture than our desire for filmed sexual intercourse or a quarter-ounce of pot, but we do purchase a lot of them all the same.)
Rodney Rogers, a backup forward, had stitches taken out of his left thumb yesterday, and Thorn expected him to return shortly after he is eligible to come off the injured list next week.
Those differences, from the fate of Israeli settlements in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip to control of Jerusalem, have scuttled efforts by previous presidents to negotiate a complete peace agreement.
''It's hard for a jazz musician to live a rational life, unless he has an independent income or a busy maximum of work,'' he said in 1977.
Her mother's death four years ago, an AIDS counselor says, was the biggest hint of all.
It failed to mention new efforts to acquire uranium and raised more questions than it answered about preparatory work on unmanned drones and longer-range missiles.
The Henry Luce III Center for the Study of American Culture is a permanent gallery on the fourth floor.
Peter J. Rubinstein, Rabbi Alfred Youngwood, President
For now, Roddick's primary concern is 12th-seeded Paradorn Srichaphan of Thailand, who made quick work of Rafael Nadal, Spain's 17-year-old rising star, in his third-round match today.
But relations between the countries have shifted significantly.
''This is a great time to be a cosmologist,'' he said.
Award-Winning Authors Tell Stories About Their Grandmothers.
This meant the loss of 1,200 of the plant's 3,000 jobs almost immediately.
It also reopened its 1997 regulation, inviting public comment.
Over the last five years, it says, the number of people killed in motor-vehicle accidents in work zones has risen from 693 in 1997 to 1,079 in 2001.
But they oppose attacks in the area of pre-1967 Israel.
That play didn't come during the Jets' two fourth-quarter drives, when Pennington hit Moss for an 11-yard touchdown at the end of a 67-yard drive, then hit Anthony Becht for a 9-yard score at the end of an 86-yard drive to tie the game with 29 seconds left.
The Council is going through the mayor's proposals line by line and deciding which cuts to oppose and how vigorously to oppose them.
The exhibition, a selection of artwork originally displayed at the MetroTech Center in Brooklyn, was organized by the Public Art Fund, a nonprofit organization dedicated to bringing artwork to public spaces.
''We don't tell our players what to say,'' the Lakers spokesman John Black said over the telephone from Hawaii.
Each side wields a persuasive weapon.
Annette Gonzales Taylor, the director of communications for the diocese, said that she had worked with Mr. Scamardo and considered him a friend but that she and others had no idea he was carrying such a burden until soon before he left.
Under a bright mantle of avocado was an extravaganza of colors, tastes and textures: sushi rice, raw tuna, cooked eel and, at the center, a late-inning explosion of soft-shell-crab tempura.
Bedell has ''excellent'' merlot and cabernet sauvignon.
Eric Asimov called it big, clean and smooth with distinctive syrah flavors.
It was sold in 1996 to Alison Hurt, the owner of Alison's on Dominick Street, in Lower Manhattan.
.4:57:14 22617 Gallagher, C, 36M .
Over bloody marys and the clack of the tiles, we trade advice about jobs, love and real estate.
are intensifying their programs to reach out to potential computer scientists, efforts that are aimed at children as young as elementary school age.
Martínez said he was ''shocked'' that Zimmer was trying to punch him.
Jose Garcia-Cantera, co-head of Latin American equity research, will take over research in Europe.
He was both a creative scientist and an empathetic administrator.
He said he wanted to get the singer on the two songs that I had sung.
Directed by Danièle Thompson (R, 91 minutes; in French with English subtitles).
We actually want to get e-mail messages from these companies.
Writing teams in other fields have often found such unions nearly unbearable: think of the cold distance that the librettist William Gilbert kept from his composer colleague Arthur Sullivan, or how Richard Rodgers endured years of trouble with the often unreliable and irascible Lorenz Hart.
On Tuesday, a group of landless rural workers stormed the agriculture ministry to protest the expected lifting of the ban.
''Why can't the Japanese government express any opinion other than support?''
''They're there only if you really, really need to sit -- if your legs wear out,'' Mr. Braden said.
But Nelson is due about $1.2 million, not an obscene amount for the Red Sox to hurt the Yankees.
Other makers, notably Sony and Panasonic, beam the light through small liquid crystal devices.
Even white-collar workers have been losing their jobs.''
rules on a meter that began in Waco, Tex., and ended in Dallas.
''I want to be a police officer, I want to be a forensic detective,'' she said.
The museum has informative sheets in English.
She describes its mix of plunging necklines, blood-red hair and pointy teeth as ''lethal erotica.''
Beagle, which took Charles Darwin on his scientific voyages from 1831 to '36.
Undoubtedly, Limbaugh's hiring was done for entertainment's sake, to get more writers to take notice of the program outside the sports realm.
Whatever the answer to that question, the Supreme Court indicated that legislators, not judges, should be the ones to provide it.
''Talk about timing,'' Mr. Johansen, 39, says now.
Although he was glad to return home, he said he had enjoyed camp.
But Mr. Kemp -- a former congressman from New York who lives in Maryland but grew up in Los Angeles and maintains a second residence in California -- said on Saturday that he was retired from elected politics and would not be a candidate.
''This question will have no effect on student scores.''
America will also remain vulnerable, despite its overwhelming military power, because its primary enemy, Iraq and North Korea notwithstanding, is not a state, susceptible to deterrence, influence and coercion, but a shadowy cell of fanatics who have proved that they cannot be deterred and coerced and who have hijacked a global ideology -- Islam -- that gives them a bottomless supply of recruits and allies in a war, a war not just against America but against her client regimes in the Islamic world.
Every fall television season, one new program is singled out for the dubious honor of least likely to survive past three episodes.
It will reconnect neighborhoods that were split apart by the original project and provide a somber memorial to the victims of the 9/11 attack.
But Charles W. Jarvis, chairman of the United Seniors Association, a conservative group often aligned with the drug industry, said, ''Seniors want personal health choices and tangible policy results, not endless policy critiques and unaffordable pie-in-the sky proposals.''
Debra Markowitz Festival Director East Meadow, N.Y.
Your primary duty is to your patient, not to the insurer, not even to the worthy goal of lowering health care costs for the entire community.
Devoted sister to Sylvia Alpert.
''She's really been improving,'' Frankel said.
The base houses a detention facility for roughly 660 prisoners, mostly from the Afghanistan war.
He said he had been impressed on trips to Spain and the Netherlands by people drinking coffee instead of alcohol at night, or smaller servings of beer.
He calls himself a ''longtime admirer,'' but seems to be like all the other people who were fans of the Joni Mitchell of the early 70's and then ditched her when she began to become something else.
The Navy has reached an agreement with environmental groups that restricts the use of a powerful new sonar system that could injure marine life to an area in the western North Pacific Ocean.
In a spoof of the spurious election before the downfall of the authoritarian leader President Suharto in 1998 they organized a show called ''Slot in the Box.''
Dr. Flaherty said that play dates ''at this young age should be a support network.''
But then it got to a point where people were coming up to my children saying: 'Oh, your mother sold Bridgeville.
Professor Bloom called Mr. Wollheim ''the most impressive interpreter of Freud to emerge from analytical philosophy'' and praised his characterization of Freud's work as ''research into the deafness of the mind.''
It's a cutthroat business, with nearly 23,000 high school marching bands across the country, and perhaps 1,000 alone within a three- or four-hour drive of Manhattan, each with 90 to 100 players, on average.
'' Judge Heaney added that the majority's holding presented doctors with an impossible ethical choice.
It has been seen near and far, in local newspapers and guides, and nationally on HGTV's ''Extreme Homes.''
.4:29:26 15150 Jullian, J, 38M .
Of four salads, the spinach with mushrooms stood out, with softly sauted mushrooms and onions strewn over crisp, fresh spinach leaves, and then all sprinkled with mild feta cheese and served with a balsamic vinaigrette.
But it could end with the nomination of two candidates who have been professional engineers.
After an hour I could see the caisson and the horse about a hundred yards away.
Johnson was an extraordinary politician, and he was a really extraordinary majority leader of the U.S. Senate.
Karrie Ellen Woodcock, the daughter of Carol Woodcock and Dr. James Woodcock of Centerport, N.Y., was married yesterday to Robert Schweikert Jr., the son of Joyce Schweikert and Mr. Schweikert of Nutley, N.J.
Finding a good German restaurant on Long Island is not easy; they are a dying breed.
Signing Glavine was Wilpon's first major personnel move after firing Bobby Valentine as field manager.
as people ran for cover.
However, a key question has yet to be answered: What specifically did Clarett do to warrant such punishment?
The company, based in Philadelphia, had stopped promoting Starz during the dispute and withheld fees.
He is loath to be predictable and eager to be perceived as more moderate in anticipation of a Supreme Court opening.
The procedures seem alien, one from the other, but what one does, the other undoes.
Given some of the criticism of the war in the Iraq, said Jose Ramirez, a retired Fort Bliss military police officer, ''We have to show them that we care for them.''
Critical appraisals of Mr. Kazan before his death tended to be grudging: he occupies at best the second tier of the auteurist pantheon, applauded for his work with actors but denied the laurels retrospectively granted to directors like his friend and contemporary Nicholas Ray.
Mr. Van Beek pointed to those in the New York and Washington areas, as well as Boston -- the takeoff point for two of the planes in the Sept. 11 attacks -- and Los Angeles, a target of a foiled terrorist plot in 2000.
Despite the unknowns, the report concluded with the words, ''safe return indicated even with significant tile damage.''
''You have to talk before you can lock things up, and they don't seem to want to talk much.''
Almost all partnerships arrive in game, make 12 tricks, and conclude, in the post-mortem, that the slam was unbiddable.
Sprewell does not believe his ill behavior put a damper on his excellent play.
Arnold Schwarzenegger won an extraordinary victory on Tuesday, riding a wave of voter rebellion.
While obesity can be a crucial factor in all these ailments, it is the direct cause of two-thirds of diabetes cases and one-fifth of all heart disease.
The organic industry has formed a task force to develop voluntary guidelines for cosmetics and personal care products, said Katherine DiMatteo, executive director of the Organic Trade Association, which represents many of the major manufacturers.
Not Pollock, Rothko and de Kooning.
When Mr. Newman and Ms. Woodward renewed their vows recently, Mr. Hotchner was one of the few people Mr. Newman invited who was outside the family.
She, Mr. Foley, and other health-care advocates said that the clinic's services had waned noticeably in recent months and that Mr. Flynn was not the only patient to be turned away from an appointment or made to wait months to see the clinic's sole nurse practitioner.
''Hard experience has told me that there's often nothing you can do.''
A memorial service will be held at the Greenwich Village Funeral Home, 199 Bleecker Street, New York City at 10:30 A.M., Saturday, March 8, 2003.
With so much slack in the economy, the increase in producer prices is not a cause for alarm, analysts said.
to virtually supplant state power in Lebanon in the 1970's.
And he's still got it.''
Mrs. McAnaney, 29, is the production manager in New York for CSTV, a cable television network devoted to college sports.
.4:28:08 14759 Harkness, L, 40F .
She meant Givenchy or Saint Laurent.''
''You can't come into this town and have a duplicate effort.''
Four ballets by George Balanchine were offered in loving stagings by one of his greatest ballerinas when the Suzanne Farrell Ballet appeared on Saturday night in Prudential Hall at the New Jersey Performing Arts Center here.
Its critics say that the industry would have more negotiating leverage if more products represented huge advances in medicine.
''Maybe I can still get my 15 minutes of fame,'' he said, adding that he would try to catch the eye of the casting agents looking for ''all flash and dunks.''
And while it is unlikely that Sprewell, 32, will turn back the clock and dunk on Bryant, he will be lauded if he holds the superstar to fewer than 40 points.
.5:13:13 26203 Mayen, C, 36F .
Academic Content Standards: Grades 6-8 Economics Standard 2- Understands characteristics of different economic systems, economic institutions, and economic incentives.
Mr. Evans says investors should now focus on the merits of individual companies because what drives earnings varies so much from company to company.
This new case, Locke v. Davey, No.
But no car stopped for the two men and Becca, who were at the 40th Street entrance to the Lincoln Tunnel along with hundreds of others waving and showing money for rides to New Jersey.
The gate was more than $2 million and more than 7,000 of the 11,000 seats at the Mandalay Bay Events Center were gone, Goossen said, indicating that Holyfield is still one of the sport's major attractions when boxing has so few.
The company will now be prevented from raising prices until it can meet all five performance goals for three consecutive months, the commission has ruled.
''If the United States has room for maneuver, with lower rates than we have, then you can imagine we have not exhausted our room for maneuver,'' Mr. Duisenberg said at a briefing in Frankfurt.
''They're two young kids who don't know that much about guns,'' she said.
Admiral Gehman went through a transformation of his own.
In an essay for the group's manifesto, he acknowledged the validity of earlier styles and media but maintained that ''the present-day artist must, in a sense, work as though the art of the past has never existed; as though we invented art.''
Steinway had done so well in the 1920's that it had built a second factory, a few blocks from the first.
Mrs. Disney's wish is now about to be fulfilled.
Not to make light of a serious situation, but it is just possible that the people most eager to seize control of the cameras may not be terrorists at all.
They would mingle over drinks and a catered buffet, hear pep talks from Citigroup executives and maybe some war stories from a pro golfer, then head back to the hotel to rest up for the trip home.
This year, more people confronted by hard times will receive some much-needed assistance from the campaign.
Pemex Presses to Produce Crude Oil Raúl Muñoz Leos is working to overhaul Petróleos Mexicanos, or Pemex, the state-owned energy company that is bound and lashed by politics.
JAMES E. WANAMAKER Chief Engineer, Board of Mississippi Levee Commissioners Greenville, Miss., Feb. 5, 2003
This year's draft, which will be held Thursday at Madison Square Garden, has several themes, the certainty of the top three picks being merely one.
Everybody basically was fundamentally happy to have this extra revenue stream.''
Everyone knows the rough will be brutal.
I just have to keep my head level.''
Often what results from learning only as much as you have to is a house of cards.
There are reasons he's got four World Series rings.
TENNESSEE TITANS--Re-signed C Tom Ackerman and DE Juqua Thomas.
''It should be an outrage to every leader in this hemisphere, every leader in this world.''
But he also does not accept the assertion that they did it ''because it was permitted.
Messier insists he will not decide until the summer, although his recent comments indicate he is leaning toward playing one more season.
It's about the career and personal life of Rudolph W. Giuliani, starring James Woods and Penelope Ann Miller, who are the only Americans in the cast.
If he calls for a low diamond from the dummy, East may carelessly discard.
Its competitors contend that, in the end, most large corporations will limit their commitments to .Net, fearful of having their businesses too beholden to Microsoft.
''When we first came, there was no difference between Burkinabe and Ivoirians,'' he said.
Frederick Kempe, the editor of The Wall Street Journal Europe, said that Post columns dealing with foreign affairs would appear at the discretion of the editorial page editors.
All of this makes memoirs much more manageable.
''I'm hoping it will help make Seattle a place where architecture is part of the discourse,'' Emily Hall, an art critic, says.
They are all over New York now, too.
Similarly, Elizabeth Murray's piece, ''Radisson,'' is a performance with all the bravura of her paintings, but it began life as a series of doodles on hotel stationery melded together.
James J. Crisona, a Democrat who served successively in New York State's Assembly and Senate, as borough president of Queens and as a justice of the New York State Supreme Court, died on Thursday at the Mary Manning Walsh nursing home in Manhattan.
State Assemblyman Alexander B. Grannis and others accused Philip Morris and the tobacco companies of dragging their feet so that they can lobby Congress for a weaker federal law that would pre-empt New York's.
With the Nets making free throws, the teams then traded the lead six times.
Under the circumstances, it was hard to find an officer on active duty who had much to say about General Myers's comments.
Save Our Ships New York, a nonprofit corporation dedicated to the preservation of historic vessels in the state, is working with the owners to collect public donations.
FAITH MIDDLETON Rose Orchards, 33 Branford Road (Route 139), North Branford, Conn., is about a 15-minute drive from New Haven.
Concerned with politics and the welfare of people.
''I got some really bad dentistry and it ruined all my root work.
The man was identified as Zulfiqar Ali, 30, a Pakistani citizen rather than an Afghan, as he had claimed.
Hartford claimed only 40,000 residents at the time, but it was a very wealthy city and the Dark Blues were successful.
''There's a lot of things the big sites do well, but a lot of the smaller sites are better at inspiration, since they have such an enthusiasm for what they sell,'' Mr. Nielsen said.
It is a 10,000-square-foot structure with 15 gables looking out over the water.
Stir the onion mixture, bacon, eggs, cream and 2 tablespoons of cheese into the pumpkin.
But the greater challenge ''to the West's intelligence services,'' he concludes, ''is to find a way into the fundamentalist mind and to overcome it from within.''
's, C.A.T.-scans and elective surgery have mostly been put off for all but emergencies, and officials say it could take months before the waiting lists are brought under control.
As electricity slowly returned to the region on Friday, Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg found himself embroiled in a literal power struggle over whose lights would be turned back on first, New York City's or upstate's, Bloomberg administration and utility officials said yesterday.
.4:29:09 15052 Blackburn, I, 46M .
The Chinese twist is that he won his fortune not, like his Rockefellerian contemporaries, through business ventures but by helping suppress a dangerous rebellion.
Philadelphia, the hottest team in the conference the past two months, was vying for the top seeding in the East.
But the hand-sewn bags take time to make, and analysts said deliveries were further delayed -- or missed altogether -- by poor organization within the company.
And since it is just a way station for many, Miami, which was incorporated in 1896, has historically lacked a collective civic soul.
On a recent day, another mother, Shamina, 30, initially refused doses for her three children, ages 1, 3 and 5, when the vaccinators came to her door.
''The Nature of Order'' has vast ambitions; it floats a hypothesis that Alexander hopes will lead to ''a new view of space and matter'' and to a different conception of ''the fundamentals of the way the world is made.''
The representative of one large performing arts organization said that his group had about 200 volunteers on its roster, but that 170 of these were inactive.
I had to buy a little model of the Empire State Building and make my own trophy.''
To me, how she lived was pretty classy, and it should put all the petty, catty, would-be diminishers around us in their place.
But for years California siphoned off more than it was supposed to.
''I think Bishop O'Malley's greatest challenge, after reaching settlements with the victims, is to rebuild the trust of Boston Catholics and restore the respect of the entire community,'' said Thomas H. Groome, a professor of theology and religious education at Boston College.
.4:00:38 7882 Maury, A, 38M .
But the slapstick exploits of Jed, Granny, Elly May and Jethro -- a cartoonlike backwoods family suddenly rolling in oil wealth -- proved a runaway hit, soaring to top place in the Nielsen ratings within five weeks of its debut.
The scientists attached a tiny metal disc with an adjustable temperature to the forearms and to the skin around the eyes of 42 migraine patients and tested pain thresholds before and after the onset of a migraine attack.
sleep-deprived, alcohol-inspired days,'' Blum writes, ''that Harry Harlow first started thinking about the nature of love.''
''We have comparable material,'' Mr. Maresca said, adding that he thought the estimates were realistic.
Proponents of contracting make the point that as the the overall size of the military shrinks, the ''tooth'' needs to increase relative to the ''tail,'' or, as one analyst put it, ''You want the 82nd Airborne training to kill people and blow things up, not cleaning latrines or trimming hedges.''
In Canada, a few patients experienced lumping when Artecoll was used in the same way as collagen for lip augmentation.
He submitted to innumerable setups, and endured the gentle but persistent nagging of suburban-with-children friends.
* ANTIBALAS, Southpaw, 125 Fifth Avenue, at Sterling Place, Park Slope, Brooklyn, (718) 230-0236.
If I wanted to hit him, I would have thrown a two-seam fastball.''
lines from phone companies like Verizon and AT&T offer an alternative for high-speed Internet service.
''Our troops need to come home.''
The Alliance for Quality Education was formed in 2000 and its activities are supported by major foundations such as the Carnegie Corporation, Long Island Community Foundation, New York Community Trust and Rockefeller Foundation.
What this meant in practice was that the regime could maintain a database on every Iraqi citizen and constantly update it, without recourse to the security services or even a network of paid informants.
Tigers were given cyanide capsules and told to use them if captured.
Fears among some parents about the demise of the programs seemed to be confirmed on Friday by Ms. Lam's response to a question at a forum at the Steinhardt School of Education at New York University.
The road leading from the Eccles into the heart of Glengarriff edged the bay and was flanked with tall evergreens.
At this point, the script is flipped and Saro is left in the cold, the legitimate front for someone else's shadowy activities.
Each flight's location is updated every 10 minutes.
We didn't have much involvement, and the logistical system was a nightmare: in some cases it took four to five years to get the food into their hands, and then sometimes it'd been cooked at 120 degrees Fahrenheit for months in the hull of a ship!
INTERNATIONAL A3-12 Middle East Cease-Fire Abandoned by Militants Hamas and Islamic Jihad officially abandoned their cease-fire against Israelis, after Israel used missiles fired from a helicopter gunship to kill a top political leader of Hamas in Gaza.
''We made some shots, we made some easy baskets,'' Martin said.
But it is rarely predictive.
It implies that we might be better off with epidemics that can end abruptly and definitively than we are with the insidious plagues that now afflict us.
And because they'll be American citizens, they'll be able to vote and be much more politically influential.
There is a scramble on for buildings in postwar Baghdad, and it is as much a struggle over ideas and power as real estate.
The two works share a fundamental integrity, and nothing else.
It scared me to think of what kind of increase in the death rate there may be.''
But at the pantry, Latchman Hiralall, the director, gave his family bulky, high-calorie food.
''We saw him in his true character -- as a humiliated, cowering man who could no longer hide behind his big words,'' Mr. Hakim said.
He will be remembered as a loving and gentle husband and father, and for his passionate advocacy of world peace.
A Longstanding Problem Dr. Hatton and Dr. Catlin work in a low-slung building abutting an auto body shop two miles from the main U.C.L.A.
A Queens man stole more than $65,000 from two women who believed he was a neurosurgeon and a member of the Kuwaiti royal family worth more than $10 million, prosecutors said.
''I'm in my zone and unfortunately, I didn't hear the 'hurry up' until it was too late.
The move to New York infused Mr. Kelly's art with a new dynamism, expressed in a spate of large paintings in which looming biomorphic forms covered nearly the entire canvas, straining against their rectilinear boundaries.
His lawyer, Frederick E. Popovitch, did not return calls to his office yesterday.
I know that for some these days even suggesting carbohydrates is perceived as an act of dietary aggression.
''It has really been lobbyists for the auto industry and a couple of key legislators holding this up.''
I don't know, I don't know where they all are.''
To draw circles, first pass out a piece of string to each student, and demonstrate the use of the “string-compass”: Students knot one end of the string to their pencil.
''I play for the Kings and I want to stay here,'' Palffy said.
Directed by Michael Polish; written and produced by Mark and Michael Polish (PG-13, 94 minutes).
There is actually no sign that American cotton farmers are going to suffer from anything but hurt feelings in the short run.
The screenplay is by James Ivory, the director, and Ruth Prawer Jhabvala, based on Diane Johnson's novel.
Too bad nobody is likely to offer more than a couple of billion.
A week ago Wednesday, the girls had entered City Hall bubbling with excitement, asking to see the mayor, said Luz Machuca, director of the Bronx Puerto Rican Day Parade.
The bridegroom graduated from Vanderbilt University.
So next year the academy intends to experiment with a plan that will move the ceremony forward to late February from late March.
But Martin Amis, writing in December's Atlantic Monthly, tells all who can stand to hear it that one living writer -- Saul Bellow -- leaves everybody else in the dust.
He has failed to crack down on corruption and army human rights abuses, neglected the economy and done little to heal dangerous religious and ethnic divisions.
''It was embarrassing,'' said one of the girls, who agreed to be interviewed as long as her name was not made public.
Service is brisk, as many dishes, particularly appetizers, are prepared in advance, a good thing, as diners won't have to wait long for mouthfuls of plump, succulent garlic sausage.
Josh Gonze, assistant portfolio manager at Thornburg in Santa Fe, N.M., couldn't help but sound a little ''I told you so'' as he talked about the tobacco bond plunge.
A company official was quoted as saying that U.T.A.
''People want their places to be about beauty,'' she said.
''Here I'm not so sociable.
''When I arrived here six years ago we had a 2.1 percent share of the salad dressing category,'' he said.
Special uncle to Anna, Audrey, Dara and Ruth and brother-in-law to Hayley and Richard.
On Friday, after the section had gone to press, Mr. Suliga apologized to the woman and said he would enter an alcohol treatment program.
Look for him to resurrect his career in Utah.
Pariser and other coalition leaders stay in touch with their European counterparts, e-mailing every few days, but for now the movement seems to be trying to catch up with its own success.
In 1987, the restaurant trademarked its logo, in which three very un-Seussian little fish bubble around the name in cursive script.
Western classical music now finds itself afloat among broader cultural and social currents, including every variety of popular music and the classical idioms of more remote regions.
Opera Theater of St. Louis also mounted an unconventional contemporary opera this year: ''Flight,'' by Jonathan Dove, which is about a group of travelers stranded in an airport.
Sauté until softened and caramelized, about 8 minutes.
Linda Houk, who moved here from Martha's Vineyard in May, was visiting her two cats, Gypsy and Doogie, and her dog Comet on Saturday.
Officials with NASA said today that they were taking all witness accounts from Western states seriously as clues to what went wrong with the spacecraft -- and where and when it started to go wrong.
All kinds of crime, perversion and soul-wrecking hatred inhabit this short novel, in which the widow and granddaughter of a rich, charming and long-dead resort owner struggle over his legacy.
In lieu of flowers, contributions in his memory may be made to the Music Fund of the Church of the Ascension.
He held the city's top job before, in the mid-1990's.
''Most lenders are comfortable with blocking in 12 to 18 months,'' he said, ''and in some cases, 24 months.''
Silk pullovers worn with V-neck sweaters turned up at Michael Kors.
The rebuilding of vital roads, including the main road between Kabul and Kandahar, has still not been completed.
On one night, a frothy cappuccino was dessert enough.
In making the transition from its winter personality to its summer one, Whistler reminded me of a butterfly emerging from its chrysalis.
José Milicua, a Spanish art historian, has produced solid evidence that during the Spanish Civil War, the leftist Republicans designed and built just such cells, turning the art of Modernism and Surrealism into overt instruments of torture for their right-wing enemies.
''In the favela, any child of 3 or 4 can tell who is going to become a criminal and who isn't.
Customers may soon be able to use their transponders to pay for a range of other things they buy while in the car, such as drive-through fast food (a pilot program is running at a McDonald's in Port Jefferson, N.Y.), rest-stop gasoline, and parking (JFK airport lots will begin accepting E-ZPass next year).
* Ask that all charges be outlined before you agree.
We're just waiting to see what happens on the investigation.
Naslund added another assist on Todd Bertuzzi's second goal of the game late in the third period.
The mayor plans to get a smallpox shot, he says, to send an example to health care workers that the vaccine is safe.
The other study looked at the cumulative effects of concussions.
A wide, dense spectrum of human experience unfolds between these rituals, as the family members, together and individually, negotiate the loneliness and perplexity of modern urban life.
Her mother, Holly Keller, is the author and illustrator of ''Farfallina & Marcel'' (Greenwillow Books, 2002) and other books for children.
Referring to both tonight's game and Game 6, Brodeur said, ''We definitely had confidence tonight playing in our own building, and we forgot about it.''
Aree Song, 17, who will be a freshman at the University of Florida this fall, was also four strokes behind the leader after shooting a 70, as were Angela Stanford and Giulia Sergas.
You can also ask for antonyms, synonyms, similar-sounding words, and words with the same prefix or consonant pattern, among other features.
Especially in Boston, ''investors are missing the real estate fundamentals,'' Mr. McCall said.
The title is an American pejorative for the Irish.
Schwarzberg's field goal ended a comeback effort by the Big Red, which trailed at halftime by 24-7.
Ms. Vargo, who had heard about Mr. House but had never met him, shook his hand and then contrived to pull him aside.
REPORTING AMERICA AT WAR An Oral History.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 84.56 points, to 9,503.34.
The pianist Murray Perahia seems at his artistic peak.
The woman from the state laughed.
''Theater Songs'' includes not only three songs from ''Nine'' but also compositions by Stephen Sondheim, Richard Maltby and David Shire.
The officers, Board of Directors and staff of the Jewish Federation of Palm Beach County mark with great sadness the passing of Meyer ''Mike'' Steinberg, a leading philanthropist and leader in the Jewish community of the greater Palm Beaches.
The hunt for one loud voice raises a serious question about tennis: why do we need meditation-style silence when sweaty people are whacking a ball across a net?
A flu vaccine that is squirted up the nose rather than injected into an arm was approved by the Food and Drug Administration yesterday, providing a new option for some people who dislike needles.
The chief executive, Thierry Breton, left, said the capital would allow him to refocus management on running a normal company.
The company, under new ownership, has returned to its 1950's and 1960's catalogs to create its fall line for men and boys.
Mr. Flynn then was on the staff of the Federal Trade Commission but in 1940 joined Arthur Young as a certified public accountant and partner.
Mr. Ferrer, a veteran of the ''Buena Vista Social Club'' albums and film, is nominated for best traditional tropical album; Mr. Valdés, who had to cancel a tour last year because of visa problems, is up for best Latin jazz album; and Los Van Van is nominated for best contemporary tropical album.
Born February 8, 1946, in Lynwood, California, she graduated from New York University (LLM), Duke University (JD) and University of Texas at Austin (BA), and was Salutatorian and voted ''Most Likely to Succeed'' at high school graduation.
For all that, Mr. Lane and Mr. Broderick will play only 112 performances; their last show is scheduled for April 4.
''Rivera is the guy who stirs the drink.''
With Pittsburgh's record-setting wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald and quarterback Rod Rutherford facing Virginia and its quarterback, Matt Schaub, the teasing question heading into the Continental Tire Bowl on Saturday was how high the score might be.
1 in either men's or women's N.C.A.A.
Harold Hongju Koh, a law professor at Yale Law School, said Monday that an Iraqi-led tribunal had a serious problem: ''Decades of Saddam's brutal rule have left few Iraqi lawyers at home or abroad with the training, skills and neutrality necessary to preside over high-profile trials that would be universally regarded as fair and effective.''
I'm grateful to God for his goodness to me over the years.
Though the agency requested comment on potential restrictions on services sold to corporate executives, few focused on the issue and no rule has yet been proposed.
Referring to socialites and professional women who seek a stylist's services -- women like Clarissa Bronfman and Amy Gross, the editor of O, the Oprah Magazine -- she added, ''Many of these women don't have the time to shop.''
The vote was 133 to 287.
Named for the copper and green lichens that line its valley walls, the area is also known as the Sierra Tarahumara, after the indigenous Tarahumara people.
Other rulings on campaign spending have emerged from the 6th and 10th Circuits.
I arrived at each anonymously and ordered a mix of white- and dark-meat chicken, packed to go.
Another commission member, Rabbi Haskell Lookstein, was quoted in The New York Post this month saying that he believed Mr. Mohammedi's organization was linked to terrorist groups, and that he might leave the commission for that reason.
Passengers from those countries who arrive in the United States without visas will ''probably be turned around on the next available flight,'' Mr. Murphy said.
history suggests one example of a Bonds-like performance.
Chance plays a large role in the spelling bee, and most observers would think it a stroke of luck for an Indian boy to draw Darjeeling.
''J was the first one to take that jump,'' he said.
In contrast, a proponent of hard-line views, Waleed al-Tabtabai of the Scientific Salafi group, an offshoot of a larger movement, was elected.
Services Friday, 11:15 AM at ''The Riverside'', 76th St. and Amsterdam Ave. >>AD#
Because Japan's Constitution forbids Japan from possessing offensive weapons, Defense Ministry officials stressed that the deck would not be strong enough to hold vertical takeoff attack jets.
He works with, and around small observations, the minutiae of life.
Last year, other Chinese scientists reported finding a larger, unnamed dromaeosaur with modern-type feathers on its forelimbs.
The talks recessed at 5 p.m., and the two sides later exchanged proposals by fax.
The developer Louis Cappelli has decided to add a 60,000-square-foot rooftop health club, with a swimming pool and tennis courts, to the top of a seven-level garage that is part of his $330 million City Center project in White Plains.
Before his death, Buchsbaum had completed about 70 percent of his predraft book analyzing virtually every player who might be selected (and many who would not be), then summarizing the player's future.
WITH: James Denton (Special Agent John Kilmer), Kelly Rutherford (Frankie Ellroy-Kilmer), Will Lyman (Colonel Roger Atkins), Anthony Azizi (Mo); Kurt Caceres (Tim Vargas), Mahershalalhashbaz Ali (Jelani) and Melora Walters (Lia Larkins).
50, like drunk driving, spousal abuse, child abuse and the worst education system in the country.''
He would not reveal financial results, except to say that revenue has increased 12 percent to 20 percent annually in the 11 years since he founded the center, and profits are so rich that his eight investors do not even want to see the balance sheet.
Then, he said, town officials began complaining about the ramps and grind rails he built at home.
''These are your decisive days,'' he added.
1 LADIES' DETECTIVE AGENCY, by Alexander McCall Smith.
The Croatians were not broken again after the third game of the third set.
Her father is a dentist in Milford, Conn.
''STILL LIFE WITH SCULPTURE: LICHTENSTEIN AND MATISSE,'' Mitchell-Innes & Nash, 1018 Madison Avenue, at 78th Street, (212) 744-7400, through Dec. 13.
TRANSPORTATION -- Metro-North trains will operate on a weekday schedule.
NEW YORK GIANTS--Signed FB Jim Finn.
Soriano had gone 0 for 4 against Lowe in Game 2, failing to come close to some pitches and showing a vulnerability to breaking balls all series.
CREDIT CARDS -- All major cards.
One is Zia, who is of Pakistani origin, lives in London and has a home in New York.
Two additional shootings have occurred along Interstate 270 since a woman was killed on Nov. 25 on the highway.
ALL ABOUT THE ANDERSONS WB, tonight at 9:30, Eastern and Pacific times; 8:30, Central time.
The duo broke up in the early 1950's, as tap lost popularity, but reunited in 1955 for occasional engagements.
Manny, Merlin, Mickey, Ray, his parents -- all have since died.
Last year, the shortest county match lasted a long time: 6 hours and 10 minutes.
Six months later, the arteries of those taking folic acid were significantly narrower than the arteries of those taking a placebo, exactly the opposite of what the investigators had expected.
A narrative of this love affair and reflections upon it form the bulk of the novel; the salient reunion for Charles arrives, via the vagaries of memory and its slipperiness and distortions, with his younger self.
His promotion of projects that say more as grand concepts and social engineering than as tangible buildings will leave us with a legacy nobody wants to inhabit.
SERVICE -- Polished and professional.
''But you don't know how much debt came with the stores.
The couple considered raising goats and beef cattle, but found out they were labor-intensive.
Choreographic order shattered into chaos in Daniel Ezralow's ''Super Straight Is Coming Down.''
The police sought the charges against the two Yankees players in the days after the Oct. 11 fight.
The Dominican Republic needs to buy electricity and lessen people's suffering and the risk of social violence.
The path to Tokyo several months later was no less horrific, but it lacked the final act.
American military and civilian teams are traveling in armed convoys around the dilapidated, garbage-strewn capital to cope with myriad urgent short-term and long-term issues -- from restoring water and electricity to overhauling the corrupt and politicized bureaucracy.
Traded Maxwell, RHP Jackson Crowther and a player to be named to New Jersey for 3B Ryan Kane.
She is enormously curious about everything, and she frequently goes into that unmistakable editor's trance where, in the middle of a conversation, she tunes out, considering the topic at hand as a story idea -- yes, no, maybe -- then just as suddenly tunes back in.
When Finn was in high school, the right people -- the big-time recruiters -- were not looking at him at all.
It has a kosher bakery, delicatessen, meat market and fruit store, a shop called Inspiration Gallery that sells Jewish books and Judaica and two establishments that would have been hard to find in the villages of Eastern Europe -- a kosher pizza store and a Chinese restaurant.
''I left a lot of shots out there.''
''Although we drooled over the details, sometimes people say it's mind-boggling to restore around it,'' Ms. Gray said.
Moore, a 23-year-old forward, assisted, giving him his first point in his first N.H.L.
Ms. Kistler's role is that of a woman ardently pursued by her partner, Jock Soto.
Her son, Gaspard, would be ''very unhappy with me,'' she said.
Apple was not ahead of the curve in recognizing the power of music in digital form.
That is likely to be the only thing that would assuage family members, some of whom planned weddings or parties for the returning soldiers.
Castillo appeared on the way to another strikeout after he looked at Pettitte's first strike and swung through the second.
''I think he spent his entire year in the school office in third grade.''
''I've dated a great deal, and no one has ever called me up before to tell me what a great time they had while driving home from the date.''
A reader unfamiliar with Arkansas would never guess that in the 1990's a survey of 88 historians and political experts voted Bumpers the best Arkansas governor of the 20th century.
A jumble of arms and sticks forms a loose checkerboard of lines.
''So much of what it means to observe those holidays is to go to shul,'' he said, referring especially to collective accounting of sins on Yom Kippur.
Last June, they thought they had found their match in Alberto Parrini, a 30-year-old cellist born in Italy, who was living in Virginia.
It boasts views of Central Park, a spa with what it calls Asian-based rituals and a butler on every floor.
The new tenant will be Citarella, which has grown from a fish store on Broadway at 75th Street to an upscale market with branches on the East Side and in the Hamptons.
Members gave the church 10 percent to 40 percent of their income, a tradition Garner Ted continued.
''There are many provisions in this bill that go directly to our ability to fight terrorism whether it is abroad or here at home.''
Kevin Millwood, who last year was traded from Atlanta to Philadelphia when the Braves decided not to tender him a contract, accepted the Phillies' offer of arbitration yesterday.
Bobbi will be missed and loved forever.
But airport officials predicted the situation would change.
The Senate has approved $1.35 billion for Amtrak.
In the Zoloft study, for example, children in both groups had regular contact with a psychiatrist, and some were enrolled in talk therapy.
Each, in his own way, loves Bach, Beethoven, Brahms and Bruckner, Mendelssohn, Schumann, Wagner and Strauss, and those composers have probably not had so much persuasive advocacy in this country for at least a generation.
''It's certainly not a wake,'' said Patricia A. Moores, an aviation lawyer who is stepping down as president of the association.
As a child, I had a French governess whose brother had been a friend of Lenin's, and some of those attitudes may have rubbed off on me.''
Unfortunately, Mr. Bush wasn't convinced by his own reassurances, and went on to propose a whopping new package of tax cuts.
Asked about the possibility of concessions like one or two months of free rent, Mr. Robertson said his company would be competitive.
The croissants and petit pain au chocolat, which are sold every day, are scrupulously executed classics, with the crunch, the flakiness and the mouth feel that even the French have a hard time finding nowadays.
To keep car bombs away from high-rise hotels and their own headquarters, the occupying forces closed major arteries in central Baghdad and a critical bridge across the Tigris.
''In his films, you are put into a vortex without actually knowing what is going on,'' Ms. Neuwirth said recently from Venice, where she lives.
if there are no noncombat zones,'' he said.
And here was Derek Jeter, standing on second base, clapping his hands.
Interiors are finished in Fresno or at Sportsmobile's Austin, Tex., or Huntington, Ind., plants.
''I will have to save this,'' she said, ''before someone takes it.''
In May 2000, Ullico's board raised the share price to $146, though Global Crossing shares had fallen nearly 50 percent.
Manufacturing Contracted in April Manufacturing contracted in April, and 448,000 Americans filed for unemployment benefits for the first time last week.
As if in a dream a diner floats totally isolated in the middle of nowhere.
Mike Stanton retired the first two batters of the ninth before the Expos sent the right-handed-hitting Joe Vitiello to bat for the pitcher.
Chrebet experienced post-traumatic migraines after sustaining a hit in the back against Buffalo on Oct. 12.
So what if ''modern secular'' Jews -- whoever they are -- are maligned by Mr. Gibson or his movie?
Like the Petersens, he has found the Sportsmobile to be a big draw, especially when parked near the bottom of a ski lift with music booming from the $4,000 Pioneer DVD-CD surround-sound system.
A study of the secret lives of girls and the culture of female aggression.
Putting himself out there did not make García the winner, but it did gain him a fourth-place finish.
''It was time to go to their soccer game.
That is the very definition of terrorism.
The most accurate definition of a swing voter is a person who swings between voting and not voting.
and $800 million for Ford.
As has long been the case, Mr. Pierce said, Mr. Thompson has found no evidence to support such a guarantee.
Construction of a quarter-mile elevated pedestrian boardwalk along the river and a large deck jutting out over the water is more than half finished, extending from Heritage Park just north of the aquarium to the I-95 overpass spanning the river.
Tomorrow and Sunday at 12:30 p.m. Tickets, $20.
In fact, Christopher Ingrassia, a close friend of Todd's brother, Jordan, stayed with him briefly when both men worked in the London office of Cantor Fitzgerald.
Mr. Powell was so livid he jumped to the whack-Iraq side, snapping at the council, ''We cannot be shocked into impotence.''
Los Angeles defeated the Spurs in the second round last season, winning in five games.
A man with national political ambitions would be wise not to let out-of-town guests see him squabbling with his house staff.
''That's a tremendous bit of cheek, isn't it?''
The nation of Jean's friends was large.
In Ahold's case, prosecutors are interested in side letters related to its foreign joint ventures, some of them majority-owned and some minority-owned, and the way the ventures' sales were counted by the parent.
The rugs clearly did not amuse Firefighter Cutting, even when told that the style of rug had been woven for centuries by tribes of the central Asian highlands, and that the twin towers scene, stitched with 100 knots per square inch, would have taken one weaver more than a month to make.
Even when nothing very important is at stake, Wood summons images of remarkable force, as in this description of the slovenly Thomas's financial habits: ''So I leave bills unopened, and it gives me a small thrill to come upon them on the kitchen table, and to know that although inside the envelopes lie all these hysterical flashing demands, from the outside they are as calm as chess players.''
Donald V. Esmond, general manager of the Toyota brand in the United States, said that Toyota's largest vehicles, like the Sequoia S.U.V., were selling ''not as well as some of the more fuel-efficient vehicles,'' like the smaller Highlander sport utility.
REINER-Ralph S. Born on October 5, 1919, passed away April 27, 2003.
VEGA, Frances M., 20, Spc., Army; Puerto Rico; 151st Adjutant General Postal Detachment 3.
Already, the building stands out, both because its first floor facade is adorned with brightly colored concrete blocks and because it has a clock tower.
National League CINCINNATI REDS--Placed INF Ryan Freel on the 15-day disabled list, retroactive to May 28.
''When a business's security and privacy practices do not live up to its promises, a breach occurs.''
''We can't predict with great assurance,'' explained Judith Zuk, president of the garden.
And then there was an unexpected trifecta of good news: Elizabeth Smart was found alive, musicians were fiddling again on Broadway and the Yankees were coming to Cablevision.
''We all got into it because of her,'' he said, shouting over the engine din.
Touted at the time as one of the great achievements of Stalinist planning, it stands instead as proof of its titanic moral and economic failure.
She is now a part-time consultant for Teen People.
The ultimate guys' night out.
''Nothing could be further from the truth,'' he said.
And Mr. Behn again vows to protest at doctors' homes.
''My mom can just go down and get it done in 10 minutes,'' she said.
On his left arm, Mondesi has a large tattoo of a glove with the names of his children inside.
He drives an aging green Chevy Cavalier with a dusty dashboard and a window that doesn't quite shut, producing a dull roar at highway speeds.
In Illinois it is about $1 million.
LOUISA MELROSE GALLERY Fifth Annual Juried Show.
''Not at all, not lengthen, not strengthen,'' Mr. DeCota said.
A. Dennis H. Greenstein, a Manhattan co-op and condominium lawyer, said that if the alterations require board approval, and if the upstairs unit owner did not get approval, the letter writer would have a basis for demanding that the board compel the owner to return his apartment to its original condition.
Although Mr. Hart said he would not decide on his candidacy until finishing a series of lectures around the country, more than a few of his listeners concluded that he seemed already committed to the race.
The office was closed for 10 days after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, he said, and in January 2002, his predecessor, Edward F. Stancik, who was ill, left the office.
Throughout the world, fewer than 200 cinemas in some two dozen countries are using digital projectors to show movies -- with most of the machines paid for by the manufacturers for test-marketing purposes.
After several bone-dry, unseasonably warm winters, the club's riders are plowing through thigh-deep snowpacks and skidding over lakes capped with ice slabs two feet thick.
''Boy, has this been nuts, or what?
But unlike her hero, she's no raw idealist.
The Columbia's fatal flight was its 28th.
''It looks like a fair agreement, considering the economic times,'' he said.
What is more chilling than that intimate chronicler's voice?
With that in mind, a corporate reform law was passed last year barring accounting firms from providing a host of services to clients they audit.
By one indicator -- changes in banks' commercial lending -- that is said to be a favorite of Alan Greenspan, the Federal Reserve chairman, confidence may be starting to take hold.
Disarmingly, he appreciates Roosevelt ''at his best'' running rings around adversaries with ''a tangled trail of jokes, strained analogies, half-truths and, if necessary, outright falsehoods.''
''This would mean you couldn't testify for anyone in the lead cases, because everyone is contaminated at this point,'' Mr. Burnham said.
administrator last week was to rescind a Clinton-era proposal to reduce mercury emissions from coal-fired power plants.
In came Mr. Carty, Mr. Arpey and a couple of other managers.
ANA: The house is way too big, and it looks a little empty.
WHAT -- 3-bedroom house with 1-bedroom guesthouse HOW MUCH -- $280,000 This 1,440-square-foot house is on an island, accessible by footbridge, in Lake Wesserunsett.
New York: An Anne Schwartz Book/ Atheneum Books for Young Readers.
On Sept. 17, 2001, when the markets finally reopened, 2,367,954,572 shares were traded.
''This operation is very high-tech.''
In the first moments after victory, many professional athletes stand at center court, or under stadium lighting or in the middle of the boxing ring and thank God.
There has been some violence against Iraqis who worked with the Americans, including a bombing in early July near the graduation ceremony for the first class of police recruits that killed seven of them.
The bare space, a stylized version of the Assembly Room in Independence Hall where the Constitution was drafted, is peopled by 42 life-size statues of the delegates.
''He's not staying down through the ball, and a lot of that is being overanxious,'' Manager Joe Torre said.
Create a painting or collage of an aspect of nature that could be potentially affected by global warming.
His basic position was the piano trio, witty and sizzling, based in precise expositions of melody, veering out on off-handed tangents that he suddenly cued from the band.
Yield: 4 to 6 servings.
If you don't know how a picture is chemically constructed, you don't know what can be done with it, even if you sit down at a computer and fool around.
''It's 'don't leave downtown for lunch,' '' he said.
'' In 1985 they bought a small ice cream company and a freezer truck.
The missing included the camp caretaker, Jorge Monzon, his wife, Carla, and his 6-month-old son.
But when he did I reminded him that if he wanted to be a great quarterback, he needed to get his pins under him.
''DC 9/11'' traces Mr. Bush's transition from new, untested president to committed wartime leader, but along the way it rarely misses a chance to suggest that the Clinton administration's weakness was to blame for the disaster.
Regardless of how it is counted, the audience is potentially huge, beyond the almost eight million readers Life magazine was able to reach at its peak.
Fox is also planning to put its pregame studio team into a new set, and is exploring comic options to replace the departed Jimmy Kimmel's weekly humor/prognostication segments.
Many years later, Osama bin Laden would be one of Muhammad Qutb's students.
They also feared added administrative costs and new bureaucracy.
''After the approach,'' said Vento, ''my mind has to go blank until I hit the pit.''
''No doubt about that in our minds because when we looked at our board and the things that we needed from a basketball standpoint, to get three guys from the first round to help our team was big.
Age 96, died peacefully in New York City on January 30.
If that seems harsh, the growing consensus among outside analysts is that Mr. Putin is hardly the all-powerful figure his poll ratings and global reputation would suggest.
Yum Brands owns KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell.
The best system for your needs is determined by your pool's size, shape and location, as well as your budget.
The Arabs responded by opening fire.
''If they don't pay more than we did, they should at least pay the same,'' said the finance minister of the western enclave, Sarkis Agha Jan. ''We want our people to feel their lives have gotten better since the Americans have come.''
Lockers for the season, filled with beach umbrellas, chairs and other equipment, cost roughly $1,000 to $3,000 for the season.
On it, his love songs also speak to Colombia's dire civil strife, and his music looks to rock and to Colombian traditions along with Latin pop.
Musically, the issues are straightforward: the Philharmonic has always had complaints about the acoustics at Avery Fisher Hall.
/a Ping-Pong ball/Secure on its jet of water.''
A celebration sponsored by the Chinese Consolidated Benevolent Association continues tomorrow and Sunday at 1 p.m. with mini-lion parades at Mott and Canal Streets.
''It's got to be three things,'' he says, splitting a sesame-seed bun and spreading each half with Dijon mustard and his own garlic mayo.
In lambasting the plan, the Democrats got some unwitting help in recent days with the leakage of a gloating message e-mailed to aides by a legislative counsel to United States Representative Joe L. Barton, Republican of Ennis.
Most days, he is busy feeding the town as the owner of two well-patronized supermarkets commonly known as Porricelli's, rather than by their formal name, Food Mart.
But Mr. Blair's main message in his address to Congress was that the United States and Britain had no choice but to confront terrorism and, in Iraq, the possibility that terrorism would join forces with a nation that could make available chemical, biological or even nuclear weapons.
''It's like my education at U.S.C.,'' said Keyshawn Johnson, breaking into a grin.
Diana tried to reach me before the article was finished and I tried to call her, but we never connected.
So, will Armstrong win for a fifth year in a row, joining the demigod Indurain and the semi-demigods Eddy Merckx, Bernard Hinault and Jacques Anquetil?
''It should be obvious that I'm not illustrating anything,'' he said.
Emboldened by the success of ''Mr.
''I definitely have the ability to be very good,'' he said, before hitting a perfect 4-iron on No.
''There's nothing about war crimes.
Not that they are ever square or pedagogic.
Using a satanic arithmetic, prison governors worked out how many prisoners would have to be hanged to bring the numbers down to stipulated levels, even taking into account the time remaining in the inmates' sentences.
''I'll be happy when the dust settles, and we get down to a reasonable number of visitors, maybe a couple of thousand per day,'' Mr. Auping said.
Goldman handled the $635 million sale of the Jets to Woody Johnson, and Lehman, one of the most active investment banks in sports, ran the sale of the Anaheim Angels and of Nelson Doubleday's 50 percent of the Mets to Fred Wilpon.
On one recent morning, as thousands of people settled into their offices at the World Financial Center, Major Hietala and Master Sgt.
A fourth design, by United Architects, followed closely, gathering about 14 percent of the favorable comments.
Throughout the country, medical specialists from many countries are identifying the needs of Iraqi hospitals, for everything from equipment and repairs to water to medicines.
They are minor works, but they look like fresh minor works at the New York State Theater, especially after a decade's absence.
''It doesn't have to be Pedro.
Everyone involved, including the United States, has now expressed remorse for the failure to stop the Rwanda genocide nine years ago.
''It's 125 degrees there and they have no electricity and no water and it doesn't make for a very happy population,'' said Senator John McCain, who recently toured Iraq.
For example, one of the company's machines, designed to make cylinder blocks, automatically performed 539 operations to turn out 100 blocks an hour; the 350-foot-long unit was controlled by one operator.
It may end up with 20 bullets pumped into it, but at least you'll go down being your own man.''
Countries on the other side of that fight, like France, Germany and Russia, should see this as the opportunity that it is and not as a new occasion to gang up on Washington.
In both Georgia and New York, her mother worked as a domestic; her father was a farmer.
It was clear that persuading people not to smoke would go a long way toward getting rid of excess lung cancer and emphysema deaths and preventing huge numbers of people from suffering heart attacks and strokes.
DETROIT LIONS -- Placed DE Kalimba Edwards on the injured reserve list.
We take our seats among the performers' relatives on the wooden folding chairs.
Police officials said spotty reception was not evidence of defects in the devices, known as kels.
He was 74 and had been vacationing in Vienna, Austria.
Evidence from sea sediments and other sources had consistently put the duration of the previous warm spell at about 10,000 years, and it was presumed that this provided at least a rough hint of the longevity of the current interglacial.
The teacher's success depends on a soft-hearted official who runs a television station and takes a Rockwellian shine to the peasant girl.
The performance, with a cast of New York-based musicians to replace their Cuban counterparts, was a stormy mess, problematic enough to steer people away from what is actually a rather convincing record.
Arturo Gonzalez, who went to Morelos to help Francisco cross the border, said that they walked for more than 24 hours through the Arizona desert.
His son, Shah Tahmasp, who assumed the throne in 1524, was almost his opposite in temperament, and with him the classical age of Safavid art began.
Loved father and stepfather of Michele Myers, Leslie Farless, Sabina Milbank and William Martin.
But Latin America did not have Jim Crow laws, or their legacy of bitterness.
Today, at age 57, he credits his upbringing in the secular Jewish, socialist environs with helping define his work.
.4:24:49 13824 Donelan, K, 39M .
Mr. Lovano, a native of Cleveland, Ohio, earned the reputation as a musical adventurer early in his career.
They are spending $3.9 billion a month trying to keep the lid on a festering mess in Iraq, even as Afghanistan simmers.
This might have been enough to quicken the heartbeat of the standing-room-only crowd of 39,363 fans who jammed Wrigley Field, the world's most beautiful ballpark.
It is easy to draw a direct line from those girls dancing with their imaginary friends to ''The Lord of the Rings.''
People had totally missed the point.
Immigration officials said the French journalists received visas allowing them to travel to Islamabad, Lahore and Karachi but not Quetta.
The defense also argues that the prosecution was flawed because Mr. Cahill was charged with killing his wife ''for the purpose'' of preventing her from testifying against him in the assault case.
The problems do not stop at the bottom line.
''It looks like a piece of Rococo revival after an air attack,'' said Gareth Williams, the curator for furniture, textiles and fashion at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London.
Mr. Gioia said Engine 261 accounted for about $300,000.
Is there proof of his murder?
''I'll Know,'' the statement of faith in love at first sight, from ''Guys and Dolls,'' she gleefully ranks beside Rodgers and Hammerstein's ''Some Enchanted Evening'' in its potential to do harm.
And orchestra members continue to double as players for the State Opera, which gives them one of the most demanding performance schedules in the world.
''I'd already done too many things for myself,'' Mr. Rosen said.
But dark clouds often have silver linings, Mr. Million said with a satisfied smile from his new office near the waterfront here.
He shot 8 of 19 from the field and scored 19 points, but Duncan ultimately stopped himself.
I told him I'd give it some thought, but I just haven't cooperated or talked with anyone.
Seascapes and Landscapes Much of Michael Torlen's recent output in oils, watercolors and monoprints was inspired by his stint as artist-in-residence at Weir Farm, the former home and studio of the American painter J. Alden Weir in Wilton, along with sojourns at Mohegan Island and Acadia National Park in Maine.
Dell Computer shares climbed 11 percent on positive earnings and an upbeat forecast.
''This was for a cause I really believed in,'' said Mr. Somberg, whose parents participated in antiwar protests in the 1960's.
Mr. Green called the computer maker and followed instructions to return his PC to a G-rated state.
Miles lives with her daughters, Fantasia Miles and Taniqua Watson.
Mr. Pullman was described as having circulated leaflets suggesting that a neighbor had the makings of a ''psychopath,'' and he filed numerous lawsuits against the board.
Helen Chung, a spokeswoman for nCube, said the company would have no comment.
One executive said the company hoped to make as much as $1 billion from the sale.
''We get the best information and ideas for large-capitalization companies from smaller companies that do business with them as suppliers or buyers,'' Mr. Gardner, the fund's lead manager, said from his office in Chadds Ford, Pa., southwest of Philadelphia.
John R. Doyle, 51, of White Plains, described the épée action as a continuous motion: ''It's the closest to reality in fencing.''
* W. Atlee Burpee, Warminster, Pa., the seller of flower and vegetable seeds, signed a licensing agreement -- the first major deal of its kind for the company -- with Earthbound, New York, to use the Burpee name on products like ceramic planters, plastic dinnerware and a Burpee Visa card.
The comedies they made for Universal from the late 1950's to the mid-60's -- with each other and with surrogates ranging from Cary Grant to Gina Lollobrigida -- were the product of a moment when the incipient sexual revolution collided with the moribund Hollywood Production Code in an explosion of bright color, lush music and naughty innuendo.
Bob Stull, the Texas-El Paso athletic director, said in a statement: ''I've known Mike for over 20 years.
As the first player selected in the 1998 draft, Manning looked for a veteran to show him the ropes.
The crew at Blender took no chances.
Fellow churchgoers say that the Jacksons also turned to other churchgoers to share their own troubles.
The Port Authority also issued a request for proposals from architectural and engineering companies to oversee planning and construction of the new transportation hub at the trade center site.
''If you went to Bordeaux, France, you wouldn't order a Napa Valley wine,'' said Ms. Hargrave, who, 30 years ago, helped found the East End's first commercial vineyard.
''The biggest plug for the proxy is it is really easy to get it running,'' he explained.
''We've been trying to line up all the Swiss cheese holes,'' one board member, Roger E. Tetrault, said, elaborating on the evidence.
The federal funds rate for overnight loans between banks is 1 percent, and Fed officials have said since August that they would keep interest rates low for ''a considerable period.''
We are working closely with other nations to prevent further attacks.
''This seems to me actually to be something of a no-brainer,'' said Gifford Miller, the City Council speaker.
Betsey and I like to drink the wine of friends on important days.
Ahmed Jamil, director of Masjid Dar-al-Dawah in Astoria, Queens, said Muslims in his community felt they were singled out by the war on terrorism and wanted to be politically involved.
A NEW study helps solve the mystery of why stock prices tend to exhibit momentum.
RAM SAMUDRALA Seattle, July 4, 2003 The writer is an assistant professor of computational genomics, University of Washington.
''What's going on is that as women have gained power economically and politically, the message has been that to be successful, you have to be like a man,'' she said.
Despite the regenerative powers of stem cells, much remains to be understood about their properties and how best to put them to clinical use.
Weak profits have sent Monsanto shares down, to $20.05 at the close of business yesterday from a peak of $38 in June 2001.
The caller directed the authorities to the body and the suitcase, which was in front of 73 West 130th Street, between Fifth and Lenox Avenues.
He got his start in television news as correspondent and anchor for WKBT-TV in La Crosse, Wis.
Victor Herrera has moved to Virginia, Mr. Peña said.
The accident took place at 12:45 a.m., when the barge struck the central steel beam of the bridge, said Dan Stessel, a spokesman for Amtrak.
Before his sentencing today, Mr. Sherman apologized to Anna's parents, who were present in court, for the pain he had caused them.
Vivendi narrowly escaped a liquidity crisis last year.
The handbag, she said, ''was £199, marked down from £400, at the beginning of the week, and I got it for £99.''
Still, the family trust paid Mr. Durst nearly $2 million a year.
To battle the problem of humidity and clouds, which hinder the view, choose dry, clear weather and take a pair of binoculars, Dr. Zoran Pazameta said.
Why doesn't Bush go to Israel and kill Sharon?
The cameras will take continuous photographs of cars, and computers will then sort out the license plates of drivers who have paid from those who have not.
The hottest video game for the teenagers of Beirut's southern Shiite neighborhoods is ''Special Force,'' a creation of Hezbollah, the strongly anti-Israel militant organization that is on the United States' terror list.
But by then, Greyston will have moved on to the other applicants.
if no one came in to see a show during the week; they would play cribbage together,'' Ms. Wendy said.
Let other reporters poke Mr. S. to see if he can go deep; I wanted to see if he can go light.
High-end retailers like Neiman Marcus and Saks Fifth Avenue reported strong sales coming into the holidays.
2-ranked Justine Henin-Hardenne of Belgium, who beat the Venezuelan qualifier Maria Vento-Kabchi, 6-0, 6-3.
IN OTHER GAMES Jason Maxiell had 20 points and 11 rebounds to help 19th-ranked CINCINNATI (4-0) beat VALPARAISO (1-3), 68-49.
She declared the shopping center ''so sophisticated.''
''Everything has to do with American movies,'' he said, explaining the Kreuzberg world that, he believes, shaped him and his generation, the second, of Turkish-Germans.
Super mozzarella has arrived from Italy.
''I doubt I can get that close.''
Bush administration lawyers said that the law school program operated as a quota.
Bechstein and Blüthner, two German makes, are also celebrating their 150th anniversaries this year.
He loves nothing better than watching the Afghan national pastime, buzkashi, in which galloping horsemen bloody one another as they compete to spear the carcass of a goat.
Most of the visuals we remember from modern politics are the negative ones, like Willie Horton.
This is a low-risk, low-capital model.''
.5:19:45 27344 Matsumoto, K, 25F .
These Four They lived in elegant apartments on and off Park Avenue.
Mr. Horton's heirs sold the house to Joseph Wickham in 1699.
This is especially true in the performances of Mr. Jennings; Mr. Jones; Mr. Kepros, who makes an intensely aggrieved Don Louis; and Graham Winton who, cagily, is a bit too self-righteous as the emblem of manly rectitude, Don Carlos.
In his debut with the MetroStars, Bradley started an 18-year-old striker, Mike Magee, and a 20-year-old midfielder, Ricardo Clark, two of the players he drafted.
''When I was out of hockey for two years, I read a lot of articles, some by people in this room, that I was the style of coach who couldn't win.
She renamed the restaurant after herself and, like her father, won a Michelin star.
Mr. Bernard said that the Noels put the tree up about a week before Christmas and decorated it with white lights.
In season now are citrus fruits, tomatoes, avocados and strawberries.
FAO Inc., owner of the F.A.O.
But there was little sympathy in Russia for the two, who had used their television stations to promote their commercial interests.
The first of the six million drivers to be called in will be those whose current address or Social Security information is not consistent with other state records.
Ms. Smith's evocative technique works better with one dancer's hilarious recollections of her life in Africa.
Trudeau Institute extends its sympathies for the lost of its beloved Board Member.
What is needed now, according to lawyers involved in both efforts, is a means to link Mr. Hussein to the mass graves that have been found since his fall, whether through specific orders, testimony of witnesses, or other means.
''Early studies show massive reductions in errors, over 50 percent reductions.''
–Do New York Times editorials express the opinions of most Americans?
In the fourth inning, Shannon Stewart dropped a two-out double in front of Hideki Matsui, who lost track of the ball after letting it bounce from the turf to his chest.
psychological profilers gather for a training exercise, but they have to use their newly found skills for real because one of them turns out to be a serial killer.
It is still uncertain whether the 39-year-old Stevens, who has missed only one playoff game in 21 seasons in the N.H.L., will be able to play in Game 4 of the Eastern Conference semifinal series here Wednesday night.
Many scholars have built careers out of criticizing Weber's thesis.
Gen. Wesley K. Clark, for one, said that Mr. Bush's comments blaming the sailors ''for something his advance team staged'' were ''outrageous.''
I've been waiting so long for my first goal.
The architect Frank Gehry has his headquarters there, and spillovers from Hollywood's movie and television production industries have been moving in.
Plan to Revive Iraqi Oil Output American and Iraqi officials, including the acting chief executive of the Iraqi oil ministry, Thamir Ghadhban, left, have signed a memorandum of agreement to start a $1.6 billion plan to rehabilitate Iraq's oil industry over eight months.
Although the article refers to a Math A ''curriculum,'' the exam is not based on any coherent mathematics curriculum, but rather on a set of vague ''standards.''
The note's yield, which moves in the opposite direction from the price, fell to 4.06 percent from 4.08 percent on Tuesday.
In addition, Town Center has especially wide sidewalks for comfortable walking and narrow curving streets and alleys that make bike-riding safer.
He added: ''The plain fact is that a lot of the intelligence in the dossier turned out to be wrong.''
The latter, which features an enormous plastic mermaid out front and countless trophy fish mounts within, is a favorite of fly-fishing guides and their clients.
''There is a tremendous amount of capital interested in investing in lodging right now,'' said Mark Gordon, a managing director of the Sonnenblick-Goldman Company, an investment banker specializing in real estate.
Politically, the diciest part of the report is a series of steps that would make it harder for people above the poverty line to gain access to Medicaid or would make them pay more for services.
''If they want you they will at least match or tell you why they can't,'' Mr. Loewe says.
When did personal responsibility end in this country and everything become someone else's fault?
''But the fourth and fifth have to pay or win.
He started as a factory foreman at G.M.
If you feel a thrill when you see ''new'' and ''art'' in the same phrase, you should consider a large chunk of this weekend booked.
The art dealers, the Guggenheim and Russian officials all deny having done anything improper.
When Maria is told her husband is dead, she begins an affair with an American soldier (George Byrd), who ends up dead.
But it was less adventurous than Orpheus in matters of repertory, and it remains so, to judge from this program of Beethoven: the ''Creatures of Prometheus'' Overture, the Fourth Symphony and, with the Eroica Trio, the Triple Concerto.
Aside from physical ailments, many patients suffer mentally.
I can work on Sunday, but not seven days a week.''
Royal Palms Resort and Spa, $232, (602) 840-3610.
Mr. Smith, the former chairman and chief executive of General Motors, retired earlier this year, and has been on Delta's board since 2000.
He will be missed by all.
They concluded this week with three disaster simulations: a plane crash near Kennedy Airport; the attack on the museum; and another terrorist attack, on a train in Queens.
This week, in a flurry of publicity coinciding with World AIDS Day, AIDS is finally all over television in China.
The disturbing and sometimes gruesome details of child abuse and neglect -- painstakingly and repeatedly chronicled in state records -- emerged yesterday with the latest of three releases of formerly secret files from New Jersey's Division of Youth and Family Services.
But she hopes to stop taking Zonegran by the end of the year.
Wal-Mart and its contractors are also accused of mail fraud, wire fraud, bringing in and harboring illegal immigrants and engaging in a ''pattern of racketeering activity'' to prevent officials from enforcing wage and immigration laws.
Local talent like Michael Davis of Central Islip; the Joshua Generation Choir of Bellport; Thedia Darnel, a poet from Roosevelt; Kim Castro of East Patchogue; and Jazmin McDaniel of Hempstead, will be joining the headliners Hezekiah Walker and the Love Fellowship Choir, Vickie Winana, Cissy Houston and the Rev.
But the park began to lose its luster after World War II.
It is vital that the coalition officers develop close relationships with the sheiks and other influential figures in the tribes.
Tom Morello added raspy guitar parts, interspersed with unpredictable solos.
Fridays and Saturdays at 8; Sundays at 2 p.m. Tickets: $20; $15 for students under 18.
Such biometric technology had been mandated by Congress for use beginning late next year in an entry and exit system for foreign visitors as a result of the attacks on Sept. 11, 2001.
Mr. Baker, once a close adviser to Mr. Bush's father, will report directly to the president about his meetings, effectively bypassing the State Department, officials said.
The move announced yesterday is the third change at the top of Kmart in less than three years.
Less than a week later, she will fly off to shoot the spring '04 campaign for Donna Karan and then begins work on a new movie, ''The Life Aquatic,'' directed by Wes Anderson and co-starring Bill Murray.
Given the terrific house salad, appetizers are not really needed, but two that won kudos were Taylor Bay scallops in their beautiful shells under a topper of buttery crumbs and a mustard-seed beurre blanc, and foie gras mated with an apple conserve.
Before it gets to the main plot -- a journey to the center of the Earth to save the planet from annihilation -- we see a space shuttle in landing trouble.
The recommendations made by the 15-member board, which was created in June and worked on this report since October, included a mix of improvements and expansions to the state's airports, harbors, regional bus and train lines and roadways, primarily Interstates 95 and 84.
The United States won the World Cup in 1991 and 1999 and finished third in 1995.
It's tabloid-sized and is an offshoot of The Dallas Morning News.
It is also the first time American Express, which pays for newspaper advertisements in exchange for the right to sell the tickets, has offered early access to future tickets for a show that was already running.
Both Mr. Blair and President Bush have said the Palestinian leadership, as currently constituted, is too corrupt, violent and undemocratic to deliver peace to the Palestinian people.
Ms. Verin's apartment is not only her home but her work space, and although she has a desk, her psychic center is a large closet that is directly to the left of the entry hall.
She was 17 and I was 18.
Minority Rhodia stockholders are trying to oust the chief executive, Jean-Pierre Tirouflet, left, who has been criticized for fending off takeover interest while shares in the indebted company are weak.
Their carcasses were then left at an undisclosed landfill.
No longer in handcuffs, he waved, flashed a V-for-victory sign and blew a kiss to photographers positioned on a hillside above the back entrance to the jail.
But the truth is, I have no idea.''
.4:50:14 20752 Bahamon, J, 30M .
Research scheduled during the mission is extremely broad, covering the biological, medical, physical, earth and space sciences, as well as technology development.
President Bush hailed the astronauts of the space shuttle Columbia today as seven lost explorers of great daring and purpose, then declared that America's only course in the face of the tragedy was to push forward in the conquest of space.
What was once a big opportunity becomes a smaller opportunity.''
''By far the biggest imputed liability to the stock price we estimate is related to concerns about the hedge book,'' said Chad Williams, a mining analyst at Westwind Partners, an independent institutional brokerage firm in Toronto.
Two years passed with experiment, training and revisions, getting the look and the ''hand'' of the rug as soft as an otter's pelt, with four weavers working three months on each carpet.
Remembered fondly by those you loved and those who loved you.
Then came, among others, the To Kalon Vineyard (Robert Mondavi), the Fay Vineyard (Stag's Leap Wine Cellars), and the Eisele Vineyard (Joseph Phelps and later Araujo).
Just as many conservatives now embrace federal deficits and tax cuts to keep the federal government in check, they also see the crisis of the states as an opportunity to spread Ronald Reagan's vision of smaller government among 50 state capitals.
Again, I'm not really worried about it.
The orders of finish of Saturday's men's and women's championship singles races were revised after the announced winners, Kent Smack and Rumyana Nekova of Bulgaria, the reigning world champions, were assessed time penalties for rowing outside of lane buoys.
According to one studio executive who insisted on anonymity, some executives were concerned that Mr. Valenti would release the names of films that were copied last year, making their studios look vulnerable.
The controversy has filled European newspapers this summer, giving editors a welcome respite from stories about the European Union and its new Constitution.
The dish is called ginger-kissed cod, but the kiss is more like a mugging.
Timed admissions to ''Chocolate'' cost $19 for adults; $14 for students and people over 60; and $11 for children.
At the same time, she is a strong proponent of the proposition that children should be permitted to direct their own learning more than they typically do.
Mrs. Miller, who was the co-chairwoman of the Bush campaign in her home state in 2000 and expects to be ''very engaged'' next year, accompanied the president last week in Detroit.
The exchange promised to improve its regulation and then tried to cover up its failure to do so.
Placed F Josh Black on injured reserve.
''The attempt to keep the public from reading Franken's message is un-American and runs contrary to everything this country stands for.''
Clearly, to a house looking for approval and clients, Saint Laurent's broad shoulders and sassy tuxedos are the way to go.
What does she do now, and why does she do it?''
For instructions on how to donate stock to the fund, call (212) 556-1137 or fax (212) 556-4450.
All of those companies converted, Mr. Sanders said, ''but they gave workers the choice.''
Preparing to leave the studio, Burton said: ''We'll see if I can become more infantile.
That was the company that I sold in 1997 for $100 million.''
After building a few roads, bridges, sewers and wells last year, American soldiers were cheered by appreciative Muslims as the troops pulled out of Mindanao.
Bad: not interested in the genre; fussy about literary quality of reading matter; unable to tell port from starboard.
At their peak in the mid-60's, he says, there were about 180,000 sisters in this country; today there are fewer than 81,000, and their median age is 69.
''That's our ritual,'' she said.
Aigle's finance director, Paul Soreau, was asked in a recent interview with the French daily Liberation just how big the benefits were for Aigle's bottom line.
I have come late to yoga.
This is for my benefit, not his.
But he was hesitant to give the hit too much meaning.
The price has not scared off buyers because the median price for comparable jets is around $4 million.
We agreed her involvement would be minimal, because she had about as little surplus time as I had financing.
It is not often that Yankee Stadium becomes eerily quiet, but it was that way last night.
One person close to General Clark suggested that Mr. Gore was supporting Dr. Dean in the calculation that Dr. Dean would lose to Mr. Bush in November and that Mr. Gore would then enjoy the good will of Dean supporters ''when he runs against Hillary Clinton in 2008.''
''Customers continued to be very prudent with their technology purchases,'' Sanjay Kumar, Computer Associates' chief executive, said in the statement.
The missiles are easy to smuggle, with a weight of 30 pounds or less and a length less than six feet, and Iraq's borders are highly porous at the moment.
''My initial preference would be to create an opportunity for someone within the organization to show what they can do,'' he said.
States that have had peace with Israel and close relations with the United States, and that are dependent on them, like Egypt and Jordan, have become the objects of their publics' anger by virtue of the escalating passions on the Arab-Israeli issue.
''But the business is hobbling along.''
Todd Davis, president of the Harlem Wizards, learned about Ryan and found he could use him.
This top-of-the-pack dog trainer also worked with Mariah Carey's Jack Russell and Yorkshire terriers and Jennifer Lopez's Chihuahua.
As if to underscore the point that Lucent is a shell-shocked survivor, Ms. Russo made the odd choice last week of conducting the interview not in her own office in the executive suite, but in a virtually vacant room whose only ornamentation was a single abstract painting hanging on a wall.
The Laemmle'sMusic Hall Theater offers a fine selection of foreign-language films, first-run independents and documentaries (9036 Wilshire Boulevard, 310-274-6869).
It was not until the next year, though, and ''Father Goose'' that he received his first and only Oscar nomination.
Governor Pataki said Tuesday he was not worried about Mr. Smith's lack of experience on the bench.
We don't see much of him in the United States, so the show should be worth a trip.
''I don't do what George's mother did, which is to call and say 'smile more,' '' she said, referring to the formidable Dorothy Walker Bush.
In the twilight, Ms. Rogers saw four of them sitting on a rocky cliff peering at her as if they, too, were doing a little primate watching.
Henderson, 51, does not keep in touch with the boy, primarily because the adopting family wanted it that way.
Several hours later, Lieutenant Mathers was amazed to find no one there.
Representatives of Marriott and Forest City Enterprises could not be reached for comment.
Advance registration fees: $20; club members, $14; junior and senior club members, $10; race day, $30, $20, $12.
Who needs your good job and your responsible saving habits?
Later, primary and secondary students in suburban areas will return, and by July 14 all the city schools will be operating, with summer vacation put off to July 25, city newspapers said.
''I said, 'I'm sorry, Mrs. Kennedy.
It had been a rough night for the young Earl Boykins.
More than 80 years later, classical musicians and organizations continue to find Brazil an alluring and elusive inspiration.
He knows he and the museum are taking a considerable risk because the young trees are so tiny.
The agreement is the latest in which Marriott appears to have bowed to pressure from a disgruntled property owner.
The bill, which passed 49 to 0, requires employment agencies to inform domestic workers in writing of their rights and to get families that hire them to sign statements outlining the employee's rights and the employer's responsibilities.
Weart has also set up a Web site, www.aip.org/history/climate, that adds many layers of detail to the scientific chronology.
He argued, in what became the administration's position, that if the budget ever became tighter, the agency would be locked into paying for extra caseworkers and would have to sacrifice other services -- including counseling and fees to foster parents -- that were just as crucial.
Dylan trots over to her with his skateboard tucked under one arm, takes a swig from her water bottle, trots back.
Mirza switches off the TV, as time grows short.
The official New China News Agency said on Wednesday that electricity consumption leaped 15.6 percent in the first nine months as factories opened and people bought more appliances.
The friendship shows in the salute before a bout and the handshake afterward, and the willingness of veterans to teach newcomers.
The police later arrested Tushaun Cato, 16, of Port Richmond, and charged him with murder, a police spokesman said.
In midnight maneuvering, the leaders used a parliamentary snooker strategy to try to outflank Senate resisters who want to halve President Bush's fiscally destructive 10-year plan for $726 billion more in tax cuts.
Walking in Athens, often around inventively parked cars and motorcycles, can make pedestrians long for the skills of Olympic pole vaulters.
Michael F. Easley of North Carolina not only made a meaningful apology to the families of the 7,500 victims of his state's mandatory sterilization laws, he also ensured that their stories would be remembered by creating a special historical archive.
Cherished sister of Michael and Lisa and their children Andrew and Vicky.
Others have run large headlines like ''Baghdad Burns'' or ''Bush Playing with Fire.''
f. Which state has the highest proportion of uninsured in the country, according to the article?
May beautiful memory bring comfort to those who mourn her passing.
The judge ruled that by amending a law that was passed by voters in a referendum, the Council had exceeded its authority.
For example, when an extensive study demonstrated that there was no justification for treating crack cocaine as 100 times more dangerous than powdered cocaine, the ratio adopted by Congress in fixing mandatory minimum sentences, the commission proposed reducing the guideline ratios.
''I knew they were long at-bats, and I knew I didn't want long at-bats today,'' Mussina said.
Lee scored a career-high 22 points and had 10 rebounds as the fifth-ranked Gators extended their winning streak to 12 games with a victory over visiting Vanderbilt.
It has been an odd way to make a highly anticipated arrival, although Robertson has been unruffled by the setting and by his position.
Founded in 1841, the Eagle had become, by the Civil War, the most widely read afternoon newspaper in America, according to ''The Eagle and Brooklyn,'' a 1974 book by Raymond A. Schroth.
Courses will be taught by instructors approved by Dowling.
Several Baghdad movie theaters have been attacked by Islamists over the past month, and some artists say they worry that they have become targets.
Groups may present the information in a future class, or at a family information night for parents and guardians.
Rogge praised many cities that may bid for the 2012 Summer Games, noting that Paris, London, Moscow, Madrid, four cities in Germany, Rio de Janeiro or São Paolo and New York ''do not have to be put on the map.''
Cartwright won't always be the last stop.
Ms. Chan is training to become an early-childhood assistant and hopes to become a baby sitter.
I will wait until after the series is over.
''I had no idea where I would sleep that night, or where to go about finding a cheap hotel,'' he writes.
The indictment itself has been the subject of criticism.
S. Your Cat is Dead,'' Mr. Guttenberg started his own company, Mr. Kirby Productions, named after his high school acting teacher, Gerald Kirby, now retired.
He is a man of wealth, and that certainly helped him indulge his unusual musical career, but he's never given any money to any orchestra to be invited to conduct.
Vitamin D3, or cholecalciferol, the form of D found in milk, is practically insoluble in water, he said, so one would think there would be none or very little in fat-free milk.
In Iraq and Kuwait, the troops are briefed on what they can and cannot do in the leave program.
Philadelphia has a 3-2 lead in the four-of-seven-game first-round series.
Tonight and tomorrow at 7:30, Puffin Room, 435 Broome Street, between Broadway and Crosby Street, SoHo, (212) 627-7472.
The police said later that DNA tests were not involved.
This line of reasoning makes Mr. Sharpton our ultimate arbiter on race: who are we to be outraged if he isn't?
Of course, Hurston's work has inspired as much ranting as raving.
The vaguely Moroccan décor of the upstairs dining room is reflected in one of Mr. Tovar's best entrees, a rich tagine of ribeye nuggets in a heady, stewlike green peppercorn jus, thickened with braised romaine and shallots.
In terms of shaping the states political agenda, some question Mr. Norcross's ability to play in the muddier waters of urban politics.
So when you get this kind of encouragement from people who have money to give, it really is remarkable and it really is encouraging, and I hope one of the things it encourages is for other people to do the same.''
Kubbervik Scallops 3 tablespoons butter 12 fat sea scallops, with coral attached, if possible Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste 1 1/4 cups dry white wine 2 tablespoons fish stock (see recipe) 1 1/4 cups heavy cream 1 tablespoon lemon juice 1/2 teaspoon saffron threads 1/4 cup minced chives Cracked pink peppercorns for garnish.
Last Tuesday, the Toronto Raptors honored Donohue for his commitment to Canadian basketball.
It is surely a bit excessive when countries like India are being pressured to shoulder responsibility for an action taken in utter disregard of international law and world opinion.
And the paradox is, even if you could get, say, a part-time job selling marijuana, you would need to use the family car.
Despite all the company's advantages, analysts say, its progress has been impeded by heavy spending, management shake-ups and the unexpected costs of trying to win the world over to those altered crops.
Placed SS Omar Vizquel on the 60-day disabled list.
Title IX has mandated equal opportunity in collegiate athletics for three decades, and women in the United States have their names on the marquee above men in tennis, figure skating, soccer and track and field.
Various agreements were reached to protect what are known as ''geographical indications,'' especially for wines and spirits.
And just as salt prevents water from freezing, it also makes it harder to boil.
Need drove the system's growth and made it the entrenched service so many now rely on, suggested Doreen Wohl, head of the West Side Campaign Against Hunger.
Galleries continue to open The cowboys didn't always take kindly to the artists.
Though they often razz one another, their camaraderie is strong.
3 quarterback, and the Jets have apparently decided they cannot risk having the untested Brooks Bollinger as the backup for a starting quarterback who has yet to play a full 16-game schedule.
If the three companies are successful, a phone call that began over a company's voice-over-Internet network could move to a public carrier as the user leaves the building.
But when presented with declassified notes of their meeting that made no mention of that, a spokesman for Mr. Rumsfeld said he had raised the issue in a meeting with Mr. Aziz.
''I don't think anybody comes in here and because we lost Game 1 says, 'Well, in 2001 the team did this, so we still have a chance.'
The bosses would kill to protect themselves.
The most offensive interpretation of history, the teacher said, were the portions about Iraq's war with Iran in the early 1980's and the invasion of Kuwait in 1990.
Lawyers representing Eric Rudolph in the bombing of an abortion clinic have asked the government for information on Richard Jewell, the security guard who was investigated but not charged in the bombing at the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta.
's than the average vehicle of either type now gets in the United States.
''Quebec is a nation,'' he said in a televised interview on Sunday night.
.3:45:37 4648 Goldfarb, S, 44M .
In the mid-1990's, a bus carrying about 90 forestry workers plunged into a reservoir near the Swaziland border, claiming 38 lives.
This week, the Chancery Court in Delaware rejected a request from a rival bidder, Sheldon H. Solow, to block the sale.
Among the most influential of the 21 developing countries are Brazil, India, Thailand, Mexico, Argentina, the Philippines, Chile, Pakistan and South Africa.
I got your message and I accept that criticism.
But whatever it was, it was intimate -- the kind of thing that's best kept strictly between a woman and her shoe.
The lots also offer Chinese Export porcelain, china, carpets, paintings and sculpture.
''There is no reason why anybody should believe that, under a Medicare drug benefit, providers would not get a similar level of discounts,'' said Daniel Vasella, chief executive of the Swiss pharmaceutical giant Novartis.
''The only explanation for that is greed.''
Events Tickets are of course long gone for the Super Bowl, but there are plenty of related events (a listing is at www.superbowlxxxvii.org).
The first suit was a trademark infringement case brought by DaimlerChrysler against General Motors, which sells Hummers.
Park Nam Hee, received what turned out to be a last call from her daughter, a high school junior.
Be loved sister of Margaret Glue, Linda & John Saunders, passed away December 5th.
Kevin D. Mitnick, perhaps the nation's best-known hacker, served five years in prison on charges of computer and wire fraud and is currently trying to reinvent himself as a business consultant.
''I think that matchup will get a lot of hype and a lot of media attention just because of the two schools and what they've done in the past,'' he said.
They also help people stick to diets better than fat-free foods that are high in carbohydrates but have no fiber.
''My job would be much easier if we would stop killing each other, if we would stop stealing and burglarizing each other.''
Dr. Wendy Freedman, director of the Carnegie Observatories in Pasadena, called the report ''balanced and thoughtful.''
Chaos is not so much a fighting game as an arcade-style action game with a lot of fighting in it.
Why is the Middle East so important?
You're always part of a crowd in Bangkok, but your fellows will be relentlessly cheerful.
Senior Pataki aides who spoke on the condition of anonymity said the governor also hoped to seize the court ruling as an opportunity to revamp the entire system of education financing, rather than to simply provide more money to New York City schools.
''A Matter of Dignity: Changing the Lives of the Disabled,'' by Andrew Potok.
The appointees often get even higher salaries than the governor.
He never ran afoul of the N.C.A.A., and he kept corporate logos and other insidious commercial influences out of Assembly Hall.
Mr. Greenspan's testimony reinforced that impression.
Grandmother of Ivy Arielle and Martha Alice, sister of Thomas Brett, Marie Budis, the late George Brett and sister-in-law of Janet Zimmerman.
The panel was created after Nassau fell deeply in debt in the 1990's.
MICHAEL DROSNIN New York, March 9, 2003
Bridge E8 Metro Diary B2 Crossword E4 Weather A17 TV Listings E8
.4:59:58 23370 Ingardia, H, 37M .
Max Taylor, co-author, with Ethel Quayle, of the forthcoming book ''Child Pornography: An Internet Crime,'' said it was unlikely that people viewing such Web sites would do so simply out of curiosity.
R.A.: So what are you doing there?
Fiat Auto accounts for roughly 40 percent of Fiat's total revenue, and has been battered by a pernicious combination of rough competition, a declining market for cars in Italy, Fiat's home market, plus an aging product line.
According to Celent Communications, a research firm in Boston, fraudulent transactions account for more than 2 percent of online card spending, compared with 0.1 percent for in-store charges.
And, like his father, he has a compulsion to film family events.
Mr. Caplat started at Glyndebourne in 1945 as an assistant to Rudolf Bing, then the general manager, just as its owner and founder, John Christie, was trying to re-establish a festival he had founded at his country estate in 1934.
''Basically, I would try to remember my shows and flip to them if I could remember,'' he recalled this week.
''I was in school trying to learn,'' he said.
In his news conference at the military command center in Qatar, General Brooks, deputy director of operations, explained that military objectives were becoming increasingly psychological.
Clearly, you don't have to be a Hell's Angels member or a wild young kid or a successful executive to be a member of this expanding, spirited, free-wheeling group.
The police chief in Ghazni said refugees had returned from Iran and Pakistan only to find their houses destroyed.
In 2001, Mr. Ashcroft began his own review of plea bargains in federal capital cases nationwide.
But there's probably another reason that the article about violent video games and visual attention got good play: it took us away, for a moment, from the eternal debate about whether violent video games cause children who play them to become more aggressive.
Mr. Trump, asked to elaborate, said it had happened more than 10 years ago.
If there was a real concern here, why did they have to sneak in like a thief in the night?''
As the 28 days of the trip went on, I noticed we had less and less string.
Last week he removed the flag entirely.
Strober, who lives in Windsor Terrace, Brooklyn, and has exhibited in Manhattan, sells her works for $200 to $600 each.
These are genuine errors which I would call systemic because they are the result of high employee turnover in call centers, sometimes confusing and unclear computer displays presented by the software used at the call centers (remember the employee has only about 156 seconds to figure it out), and often a reluctance by management to make good on mistakes because of the time and cost involved.
His ''Lorca in a Green Dress'' operates on much the same principle as Mr. Brooks's 1991 film ''Defending Your Life,'' which is that the recently deceased are first transported to purgatory, where they get a chance to review emblematic scenes from their lives.
He was sentenced to 90 years in prison as an alleged drug kingpin, and at one point was assigned to a maximum security unit populated by hard-core predators.
The Justice Department, in a letter today to the head of the administrative office of the United States Courts, said it developed the policy as part of the new law's requirements rather than accept a more ''onerous'' option allowed by Congress.
Officials who deal with the logistics of the World Series would argue that not knowing where the World Series would start until the last game of the previous round would create an impossible situation.
My parents put my sister and me to bed and then went to the second floor to listen to Beatles records.
The suit, filed in Federal District Court in Manhattan, also named four KPMG partners, including Michael A. Conway, one of the firm's most senior officials and a former chairman of the industry group that was in charge of assuring that accounting firms did quality audits.
Kodak, a Dow component, fell $4.41, to $33.18, after it reported quarterly earnings that missed Wall Street's estimates.
Top notes were strained and approximate, and support seemed shaky.
Some were housed in brightly lighted cells around the clock.
Come and bring all of yourself to it.
But it turns out that beauty salons had been among the few small businesses owned and operated by women before the Taliban gained power, and during the regime, women literally risked their lives to run clandestine salons in their houses.
In ''Jeffrey,'' a gay man, terrified of becoming infected, swears off sex forever; on ''Will & Grace,'' Will does virtually the same thing, but only because he's mousy.
''She lost the film because of me,'' she said, ''and I still feel a pang of regret for that unknown girl.''
Nakashima's work has been getting a lot of attention, perhaps spurred by the news last summer that Diane von Furstenberg had bought a 14-foot-long Nakashima dining table for $130,500 at a Phillips, de Pury & Luxembourg auction.
As new American regulations require, it is not within 100 feet of a public road.
Bassett Hall's kitchen, pantry and caretakers' quarters are also open to visitors.
Dean & DeLuca also stocks the world's first chocolate identified by a ''vintage'' year: the Valrhona Chuao, made with cocoa beans grown in a single region of Venezuela.
The issue was set in motion by Mr. Moussaoui's request to have his lawyers interview Ramzi bin al-Shibh, who the government contends coordinated the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.
It was a not-so-subtle reference to the running feud between the State Department and the Pentagon over control of the reconstruction of Iraq, which Mr. Bremer, a retired Foreign Service officer and counterterrorism official, will now oversee.
The first President Bush has drawn a line in the sand.
William Eggleston's Iris print ''Untitled (Cloud in Sky, California)'' is a subtly nuanced study of an ethereal formation in grays and whites.
The official opening is scheduled for 8:30 p.m. Saturday, when Kurt Masur leads an all-Russian program, Prokofiev's ''Alexander Nevsky'' Cantata and Mussorgsky's ''Pictures at an Exhibition.''
In dire circumstances, like a room with cracked walls or a buckling ceiling, consider camouflaging the damage with textured cloth.
No big overhaul is expected.
He and center Jason Collins launched an 8-0 run in the third quarter that chipped away at the Pacers' 15-point lead.
In last week's audiotape, the Ansar militants received encouragement for whatever lies ahead.
''That was, of course, just before he developed his suave, smooth, warm, fuzzy personality that we've all grown to love over the years.''
Homer: I've done a lot of work on my house, but since it's not up to code, that's off the record.
We nursed our $7 martini-glass cocktails ($17 total) until Dapp Theory came on.
Then there is Mr. Navellier, who, like the gold and silver Bertolucci watch he favors, keeps on ticking.
The $2.25 trillion plan would offer something for almost everybody.
Before the speech she insisted that -- some grousing among aides to Democratic candidates notwithstanding -- her appearance would help draw attention to, rather than overshadow, the candidates, as well as present the Democratic case against President Bush to an untold number of C-Span viewers who watched the event.
In that case, the government is looking at whether Warner-Lambert illegally promoted an epilepsy drug called Neurontin for more than a dozen unapproved uses.
She and Kip moved back to Hollywood, or Brentwood, actually, and she entered a second golden age.
Many companies, like Microsoft and Macromedia, offer specialized software tools for building Web sites.
She and the other passengers were told to evacuate.
.3:56:02 6681 Cisneros, B, 33M .
Sunday night at 8; tickets are $25 in advance, $30 at the door (Pareles).
''They're just getting used to the change.''
One thing he used to do was make others around him better.
Her father was a doctor and her mother a homemaker who died when Steffie was 8.
''A postwar Iraq could become a model for other petroleum economies,'' said Arvind Ganesan, director of the business and human rights program at Human Rights Watch.
Parreira, who was named yesterday, replaces Luiz Felipe Scolari, who guided the team to its fifth World Cup title in 2002.
''It's an essential part of doing business overseas,'' said Kent Kresa, chief executive of Northrop Grumman.
The $160 million will be immediately available to pay off the authority's debt on the Continental Arena and save taxpayers $90 million in future interest payments.
He said that while most proprietary leases provide that the co-op is required to repair problems caused by damage or defects in a building component, most leases also provide that the co-op is not obligated to replace wallpaper or refinish floors.
As a compromise, a majority of dentists go private and accept some government-subsidized patients on the side.
For all the difficulties, said Barnett R. Rubin, a political scientist who has been working on the Afghanistan Reconstruction Project, ''Writing constitutions is easy compared to implementing them.''
But reflection shows that in our lives much of our suffering is caused not by external causes but by such internal events as the arising of disturbing emotions.
''We're going to have some fun, wherever we go.''
Anthony Dapolito, a baker whose battles for his community earned him the honorary title of mayor of Greenwich Village, died on Wednesday at St. Vincent's Hospital in Manhattan, one day before his 83rd birthday.
Competence breeds (or at least inspires) competence.
They brought with them the old-country custom of illuminating documents with decorative writing, drawings, borders, angels, hearts, flowers, birds and more esoteric symbols.
He negotiated to take over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers a year ago before withdrawing at the last minute.
But if Mr. Qurei's government proves ineffective and peace negotiations stall in coming months, the officials say, Israel will consider calling off the discussions and taking the unilateral steps that Mr. Olmert has suggested.
Microsoft has also taken notice of Google and is improving the Web search engine that powers its MSN site.
Even now, he said, anyone with infectious tuberculosis is routinely isolated.
Many experts say that it is far too early to calculate the overall economic effects of the blackout.
Failure to reach a deal now with Warner could lock EMI into a position as the smallest by far of the major music companies without any potential merger partner remaining.
Support for his intransigence is also dwindling at home.
Again, this event is repeated next Sunday.
School records show that he missed only three classes.
More balloons are due shortly.
The telephone rules the agency is preparing to overhaul in effect dictate how much the four Bell regionals must charge rivals for using their networks and equipment, a requirement imposed by the Telecommunications Act of 1996.
It is an objective measure -- that is, not biased, either toward present-day views or to Western cultures -- that allows him not only to rank individuals within their fields (mathematics, chemistry, Western philosophy, Chinese literature) but to compare levels of achievement across different cultures over the course of nearly three millenniums, and to say, once and for all, which culture has accomplished the most.
My, how the old girl has changed!
If there is no agreement with Britain about its two citizens or with Australia about its citizen, David Hicks, 27, who is also among the six, the trials are expected to begin in about two months.
For women, Club Monaco offers a melon-colored cotton lawn jacquard shirt, and Gap has brightly hued cotton lawn blouses, right, with Western detailing and sleeves that can be worn long or buttoned up short ($39.50 at Gap stores).
Regulators say most of the nominee accounts were transferred to Heartland and the new company continued to engage in illegal trading as late as June 2001.
They will also have to give advance notice of what each shipment contains.
She has won 25 national titles, including 12 victories in the outdoor 1,500 meters and 2 world championships in the indoor 1,500 meters, the second coming in March, when she was 39.
''Condos are traditionally priced higher than co-ops, and what is low end is always low end.
At the far end of the room, tables near the fireplace invite lingering on cool nights.
Vick was 7 of 10 for 102 yards passing in his debut against Central Florida.
If given another 10 years to spread unchecked, Clear Channel might cover the dial from end to end, not just in some cities, but coast to coast.
Stark ''applies his great wit and dexterous mental skills to a series of .
If Petitgout's back does not allow him to play, though, Fassel said the team might consider signing a reinforcement.
''I started negotiating right away,'' Ms. Brown-Allen said, ''right there on the street,'' with a broker-seller who was mum on an asking price but nevertheless laughed at an initial offer of $240,000.
Coming down harshly on a restaurant union that had drawn the Metropolitan Opera into a labor dispute, a federal judge ruled this week that the union and its lawyers had victimized the Met through bad faith, willful misconduct, lying and withholding evidence.
From their standpoint, we're a problem for them.''
The police said they believed that the shootings were the first since Gail Knisley, 62, was killed while going to an appointment.
Thomas promised to use unconventional means to change the team.
He declined to give his views on Bishop Robinson.
They nearly pulled this one out.
At a company seminar I heard Wayne W. Dyer, the motivational speaker, talk about personal development.
They were married in 1988, when Sears was 35.
The agency will be looking at more results throughout the fall, and will likely decide sometime in the spring whether to continue with the treatment.
Mr. Rumsfeld said he did not know if Iraq was a member (it is), but plunged ahead anyway.
These birds are among the few vocal-learning animal groups.
''At this moment, we don't know yet,'' he said.
Mr. Yousef claimed that being prosecuted in the United States for a conspiracy developed in Manila violated his rights, but the appeals panel rejected that view, citing the defendants' intended American targets.
The bride, 27, will continue to use her name professionally.
''It's relatively peaceful right now.
It didn't seem like a sissy item.''
Mussina would have pitched a Game 5 against the Twins if there were one, so he claimed he could not make any adjustments to get himself comfortable to pitch last night.
We want the clock rolling.
AMR, the parent of American Airlines, is down 78 percent over the same period, while Delta Air Lines is off 60 percent.
There's so much anticipation that I can't just run fast, that I can play this game.
As the weather changed, winds gusted up to 29 miles per hour, according to testimony.
At another meeting recently, the Iraqis told him that two cars had been stolen, including one containing a hydraulic compressor needed to refasten severed power lines.
The message concluded, ''Get back to work Gray, you have a week left on the job.''
As Mr. Hurlbut put it, ''It's all about knowing where your food came from and how it got to your plate.''
It agreed to pay one month's rent and gave her the names of other crisis organizations.
In the other semifinal the Chinese team, which has been crushing all opposition for the past week, led the Netherlands by 47.
Earlier this week the Council decided to open today's session to comment from any nation wishing to speak.
They said they gave away much of their food to hungry Iraqi civilians who approached their truck.
SERGEI BRYLIN, who scored the Devils' goal, had a team-worst plus-minus rating of minus-5 coming in.
He designed China's first missiles and is now regarded as the father of its space program.
In addition to the United States and France, the Group of 8 is composed of Britain, Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan and Russia.
SAWYER-Michael O. Beloved Syracuse University Professor for 42 years and former Vice Chancellor died December 24, 2002 in Liverpool, NY.
''What FEMA did is evidence Indian Point should close.''
In an interview, he said it was ''very vague, but I think it's out there, that we're not the party of optimism and opportunity, that we're the party of malaise, and we're the party of class warfare.''
''We're putting them on mattresses, putting them in chairs, putting them on wherever they can sit just to get them inside out of the cold.''
But we have more or less agreed to a general approach on the Liberian issue, and I'm very pleased with that.''
His case is the last cowardice conviction on the books.
On the door to her bedroom, she has hung a cartoon drawing of herself as a businesswoman, complete with cellphone, briefcase and satisfied smirk.
The retailer's advantages, said a Wal-Mart spokeswoman, Cynthia Lin, include its ability to process and ship DVD's from existing facilities and its ability to advertise directly to the 100 million shoppers it says visit Wal-Mart stores weekly.
The piece worked perfectly well with these instruments, and Ms. Balzereit played beautifully, but Ms. Lämmermann and Mr. Klinger showed themselves to better effect in Ravel's Sonata for Violin and Cello.
The price, according to Bruce Lander, a hospital spokesman: $18,500, five times as much as a standard, motorized hospital bed.
Maybe it's all imported,'' he said.
It flew so many sorties the Air Force lost count.
Greatly loved, he will be deeply missed.
What's clear is that neither parent has fully emerged from the narcissistic youth culture of a generation's adolescence.
Military officials said today that the suspect in a grenade attack that killed two American officers in Kuwait had been charged with murder.
Tickets: $15 to $55 (Jennifer Dunning).
Two gunmen on motorbikes fired at a Save the Children vehicle west of the city.
He says that he hopes the group can ''show that there is civility in politics.
There's a lot of work on those side streets.
''We'll be back for you, love,'' he told the woman.
There is surely something in it to amaze everyone, and the overall impact is tremendous.
He has re-imagined Nissan's cars and trucks, as well as those of the company's Infiniti luxury brand, taking a design approach markedly different from the company's nondescript recent past, one that reflects his dogged modernism.
''As long as the economy improves,'' he told Peter, according to Gregory Mankiw.
Old soldiers tend to fade away, but even so, it is not quite accurate to say the Hellfighters picnic has fallen victim to the inbred reticence of the aging military man.
asked, settling into the Jennifer Convertible.
''I watched skiing lose its youth culture,'' he said.
They often feel uneasy if they step up a social rung or two.
South Atlantic League SAVANNAH SAND GNATS--Signed INF Christian Berroa and OF Lorvin Louisa.
Toyota and Honda have dominated hybrid technology in cars, with sales numbering in the tens of thousands each year.
''But we did so with the understanding that revenue to support this institution must come from a variety of sources.''
They suffer from fatigue and are at higher risk for cardiovascular disease.
As manager Joe Torre watched from the Yankees dugout, he noticed Matsui on an all-out sprint.
Not long ago, Marc Jacobs, the creative director for Louis Vuitton, stood gazing at a Hiropon, an outsize sculpture of a bosomy, bikini-clad cartoon character, by the Japanese artist Takashi Murakami.
Despite the rising number of elderly residents, developers' plans to build housing for older people in many municipalities in Westchester have faced regulatory hurdles as well as resistance from residents who cite fears of increased traffic, loss of real estate taxes, declining property values and other potential negatives.
''It's very satisfying to see us do something that not many people gave us a chance to do,'' Capers said.
''If anything good comes from this, it would be to reform the system where we're prevented from telling one another what we know out of fear, quite frankly, of being sued.''
''My family and friends go online at 4 in the morning to check my times,'' Miller said.
At dawn, the rooster crowed.
The rest of the country was hardly sympathetic.
In lieu of flowers, please make donations to the Jewish Home & Hospital 120 West 106th Street, NYC 10025.
Until a few weeks ago, you could almost laugh at the way television news coverage of the Iraq crisis had itself become an exercise in melodramatic overkill: the intentional enhancement of emotions grossly disproportionate to any actual event yet in question, the fancy graphics, the dramatic theme songs, the high-tech wizardry, the elaborate orchestrations.
Conservative groups have been running advertisements criticizing two Republican senators, Olympia J. Snowe of Maine and George V. Voinovich of Ohio, for opposing a larger tax cut, and Mr. Bush last week campaigned for the tax cut in Mr. Voinovich's home state.
Colorado had 17 hits after managing just four against Curt Schilling in an 11-2 loss to Arizona the previous game.
He was the first blockbuster recording artist, at a time when relatively few people even owned record players and a record cost more than a ticket to the opera.
Zoning could play a role in building safety, the task force said, if developers were allowed to construct larger fire stairwells, more stairwells or even structurally freestanding fire towers, like those found in older loft and industrial buildings, without having that space counted against the overall amount of allowable floor area in their towers.
Patrick has done things like this before with veteran stars.
Was a judge in Los Angeles Municipal Court from 1981 to 1994 and in Federal District Court from 1994 to 2000.
Next, being successful required becoming a man.
''We try to encourage students to ask what could she have done to prevent this sort of thing from happening,'' Dr. Zigmond said.
''A former H&R Block employee, entrusted with personal and financial information, victimized unsuspecting clients.''
Starbucks, which is based in Seattle, did not place any messages refuting the rumor on its Web site.
Over the past 20 years, virtually every big Republican idea and many small ones -- school choice, welfare reform, enterprise zones, Social Security privatization -- have originated in think tanks, rather than on Capitol Hill.
''I don't underestimate Arnold, but I'm more worried about a Bill Simon candidacy,'' Art Torres, the California Democratic leader, said.
Jim Johnson, the Eagles' defensive coordinator, withdrew from consideration yesterday and signed a four-year contract extension worth more than $4 million, making him the highest-paid coordinator in the N.F.L.
Ron Galotti, the former chief of Talk magazine who was hired back to Condé Nast after that magazine failed, used a 45th-anniversary issue last September to help pull the magazine's sales back to even with the prior year.
''I thought, 'Oh, the world has finally come to America.
With a click, he pulled up information about one of the Mets' stars: career statistics, length of service, Social Security number and off-season address.
But it said it had not committed fraud.
THE EDUCATION OF LIEUTENANT KERREY By Gregory L. Vistica.
By the novel's end the old assumptions -- Who is the father was an outdated Victorian question'' -- have been pushed aside in favor of a more tenuous and lonely-making absence of conviction: ''Things became untrue, disproved overnight.''
6 1 THE VANISHED MAN, by Jeffery Deaver.
Some critics of Mr. Spitzer's approach have argued that he could create a panic among investors through the serial prosecution of fund companies and their employees.
His father and mother were separated.
The ''hip-hop culture'' that Mr. Chalfant and Mr. Silver helped to publicize did not buy the myth that city kids were all poor or black or that they worked in a purely natural, spontaneous way.
''The one thing I won't take away from K is his excitement and love of the game and his emotion.
Although bosons cozy up to one another without complaint, fermions, which include electrons and protons, are quantumly antisocial.
''I came in with the trade debate being dominated by the antiglobalization crowd and a bunch of defeatists who were saying globalization is bad,'' he said.
By April 6, when the humidity skated around 90 percent and the people in Hilla were serving tea on the streets to Americans, the time had come to throw caution to the desert winds.
At the Department of Social Services, Cindy Berghoff, a clerical worker who helps handle the 4,300 residents who receive some form of home care through the county, said her office had been reduced from 11 people to 7.
Pfizer said yesterday that it admitted no wrongdoing in the settlement.
At least five people with ties to the schoolyard case have testified or said in interviews that witnesses, including Bobby Gibson, told law enforcement officials about threats or asked for protection, and were ignored.
The talk in the crowd, however, was about the bitter rift between Berlin and Washington -- a political feud that many business people fear could sunder the countries' close commercial links.
Other experts blamed everything from unseasonably warm November weather, which hurt sales of sweaters and winter jackets, to the uncertainty of United States involvement in Iraq, to, of course, yesterday's rainstorms.
''I think people are understanding that Latinos are here to stay,'' said Julio Mendoza, the Spanish-American Merchants Association president.
Even so, although Mr. Kramnik won two games from the computer, he was unable to win the match.
''Seeing him on TV, if he's getting his off-speed stuff over for a strike, he's tough.
Each in its own way, for different reasons, these efforts are failing.
Those findings meant a study would not take 10 years, or even 5, to show results.
-- and how the faith known as the International Style entered young architects' very bones, not metaphorically but precisely the way another faith enters the very bones of upland foot-washing Baptists at age 4 .
The show is co-organized by the American Museum of Natural History and the Cincinnati Art Museum, where it will be seen after its debut in New York.
Still, ''Here Is Elsewhere'' is an invaluable lesson in the ability of art objects to talk among themselves.
Manager Joe Torre said Claussen might return to Class AAA Columbus after the start, but the Yankees are eager to see more.
It remains to be seen whether Iraq pursued a nuclear weapons program in recent years.
Records presented to jurors today show that Mr. Pinto paid for $800 and $900 limousine rides with the mayor to New York City, where Mr. Pinto and Mr. Grimaldi would pay Mr. Ganim's share for extravagant meals and nights on the town.
Three lawmakers abstained from both votes, which had unanimous support from members of Mr. Aznar's Popular Party.
Mr. Ryan left the governor's office on Jan. 13, having captured worldwide attention with his blanket commutation of the state's death sentences and fueled local shame with the corruption trial of his former chief of staff.
On Sundays, he sermonizes to a white congregation that worships in white clapboard serenity.
They responded by creating, in effect, a research-and-development department inside the organization.
CREDIT CARDS -- Major cards accepted.
Profits Triple at General Motors General Motors reported that it nearly tripled its profits last year and beat Wall Street's expectations in the fourth quarter, bringing employee bonuses back to the company.
As employers shift an increasing share of health costs to workers, a growing number need to put aside money to pay those bills, he said.
For their trip here, they are kept cold and in the dark.
He says the group has stepped out of its mainly administrative role, adept at cutting through bureaucratic red tape, and become more of a production company, organizing and commissioning projects.
Admission: $12; $8.50 for students and 65+ (Sarah Boxer).
Burk has called it a pit, but that is an exaggeration.
On Feb. 5 -- his 31st birthday -- Mr. Burt filed a civil lawsuit against the city for wrongful imprisonment.
The beach was awash with washboard abs and bronzed biceps.
In a speech at an annual technology-policy forum in Aspen, Colo., on Tuesday, the chairman of the commission, Timothy J. Muris, said efforts in Congress miss the mark in addressing what he called a daunting consumer-protection problem.
But Mr. Keith is a wary man.
NEUE GALERIE, 1048 Fifth Avenue, at 86th Street, (212) 994-9493.
.4:30:50 15561 Hoeller, U, 37M .
with the debris turned out to be more significant to our conclusions than we would have guessed at the beginning,'' said Admiral Gehman, who is retired.
At one point, Mr. Amin pulled from his pocket a paraphrase of Psalm 22 and commented: ''Remember we are special to God.
Smaller participants in the American-led invasion effort are, meanwhile, quietly positioning themselves for their share of the spoils.
The $10 million was too much to buy simply a missile or two, American and international experts say, and too little for an entire production line, leading to the conclusion that it was a down payment.
(I should live that long!)
Government cuts have caused overall employment to decline since April -- including a decline of 17,000 last month -- but the private sector is typically a better predictor of the economy's future, analysts say.
PAGE A3 Doctor May Have SARS An American doctor advising Taiwan on fighting its SARS epidemic has come down with symptoms of the respiratory disease.
This week, a top official for the city's parks department who oversees the city's community gardens got wind of the observatory.
''Wilkes had been his own worst enemy,'' Philbrick says.
A radio talk show host proposes to save America from ''the liberal assault on our borders, language and culture.''
The choral music, for example, will be helpful to architects and clients planning churches, he suggested.
96,'' in which Ms. Sherman lies dreamily on a linoleum floor in a sweater and skirt, a thirty-something single clutching a ''Personals'' ad torn from a newspaper.
If their real concern was empowering Iraqis to run their own lives, wouldn't they be in there helping Iraqis get their act together faster?
A child advocacy agency released a report documenting a system so overburdened that some caseworkers only investigated child abuse complaints involving broken bones, prompting Gov.
We kept a file on him over the years and had different people see him.
Russia refused to grant a visa to the Dalai Lama, citing Chinese diplomatic sensitivities.
To accommodate the rush of applicants, schools are hurrying to expand.
There is an abundance of other potential terrorist targets containing hazardous materials that pose a far greater risk and whose defenses are far less robust.
Cherished grandmother of Hannah and Halle Freiman.
He broke prevailing rules of casual intimacy: he stood too close, stared too hard, touched too much and long.
Question is, was I somehow getting more out of my tunes when all my albums fit into a duffel bag?
''He's been very busy,'' said Bob Clifford, a spokesman for the Suffolk district attorney's office.
Perhaps the most notable was Senator Jon Corzine, a Democrat who spent a record $60 million on his successful New Jersey campaign in 2000.
The crown prince of blues and bop, Mr. Donaldson is a saxophonist who reminds one of the earthiness inside jazz.
One more test of North Korea's intentions could come next week when it holds cabinet-level talks with South Korea -- the highest-level contacts since October, when the North admitted that it was maintaining a nuclear fuel-enrichment program in violation of the 1994 accord.
I think it'll be real interesting to see how far both of them go.''
''Japan is going through a tough set of things,'' Mr.
By Robert D. San Souci.
Felix Rohatyn, the former mergers and acquisitions banker at Lazard Frères, is a longtime client.
Whichever, his artistry did not light up until the final movement, when his novel phrasing and articulation suggested he still has something exciting to say with this music.
''We've gone to other movie theaters,'' Mr. Perez said.
Now researchers at San Francisco State University have tested a collection of 17 artifacts returned to the Hoopa, a California tribe.
''And the more I reflected on it, the more I realized I wanted to do something that was more directly supporting efforts to prevent that kind of event from ever happening again.
Open Monday through Friday, 1 to 5 p.m. and 8 to 11 p.m.; Saturday 1 to 5 p.m. Nonsmokers may request a private room (if one is available, they are lovely).
Thursday through Sunday, 12 to 6 p.m. 243 North Union St. Lambertville (609)773-0881.
And Carnegie Hall will retain control of its diverse programming without ceding great chunks of it to the Philharmonic.
Memorial services were held in private.
It scares the hell out of my wife,'' he said.
In lieu of flowers please send contributions in her memory to the Bagby Foundation for the Musical Arts (501 5th Ave., Suite 1401, NYC 10017) or the Education Department of the Metropolitan Opera Guild (70 Lincoln Center Plaza, NYC 10023).
The Care Bears, licensed by American Greetings, are featured in a program meant to rekindle interest in the characters among children ages 3 to 7.
''We see the war against Iraq as unjust,'' she said.
''Dick is methodical in his plan, and he is consistent,'' said 49ers safety Tony Parrish, who played for the Bears from 1998 through 2001.
''We think this will go a long way toward making people who want to do business in California to speak truthfully,'' he said.
To that end, he convened a higher education conference last November and boldly proposed merging Rutgers with the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey and the New Jersey Institute of Technology to create a single, world-class research university.
Three graduates of Orangeburg-Wilkinson High School, a school of 1,800, have perished there since late August.
On the ground, she saw the flap of a dead soldier's pocket.
For ''The Blind'' (1986), Ms. Calle asked a number of people born blind to describe their image of beauty.
And when Mackey, cross-examining Winters, asked if the accuser's injuries would also be ''consistent with a person who has had sex with three different men in three days,'' the judge stopped the hearing and summoned the lawyers to his chambers.
B1 ARTS E1-10 EDUCATION B7 Getting Into Private School A growing corps of consultants are available to guide parents through the shoals of New York City private school admissions, especially for the kindergarten-and-under set.
No one had ever invited Rivera to tell his life story to thousands of people, but Cymbala did.
David Wells and the Yankees are nearing an agreement on a one-year contract that would allow him to compete for a spot in the Yankees' rotation next season while providing the Yankees some protection for his recent back surgery.
A month ago, when Gloria Davis resigned from her seat in the State Assembly and pleaded guilty to bribery charges, Democratic officials in the Bronx widely assumed that the party would nominate one of the assemblywoman's chief aides, Claudia Nisbett, to take her place.
Guests are again informed at registration and with in-room literature.
Ambling along little dirt roads flanked by neat but seemingly deserted cottages, I'd hear nothing but the lowing of cattle and the excited barking of sheepdogs.
Russian Chamber Choir While on tour, the dozen or so men of Chorovaya Akademia, the Russian Men's Chamber Choir, are not attired in their somber floor-length gowns nor can they be surrounded by the elaborate architecture of a traditional Russian Orthodox Church.
Thousands of teenagers and young adults throughout New Jersey are having similar experiences.
Back in this country, though, the critics had turned on him.
Whenever possible, the scenes should also educate the audience about how the science or technology “works.” In a later class, the plays will be presented.
''I want to focus on my work, have no distractions whatsoever.
The engineers were Buro Happold.
''They should have let her stay on the mound,'' Clemens said.
Several fire trucks arrived, and firemen set up a makeshift fence around the site.
The development has a long and complicated history.
The retailers say they paid $8 billion last year to accept signature-based debit transactions.
But in Germany and France the percentage fell, ending up at 44 and 39 percent.
American agriculture has undergone a revolution in the last 30 years, as changes in technology, global markets and government policy have produced a wave of farm consolidations and mergers.
If interest rates stay about the same, bonds with 20 years to 30 years until maturity will bring the best return because their yields are higher.
''People can have symptoms for 10 or 15 years.
And he's angry about obnoxious fans who have ruined his visits to games with their crude, annoying, drunken or simply moronic behavior.
Kalashnikovs slung over their shoulders, they search, harass, shake down or wave on, at whim.
Mr. Bush said he was taking the action in response to Hamas's claim of responsibility for the bus bombing in Israel on Tuesday that killed 20 people.
The San Remo is home to three Steves -- Martin, Spielberg and Jobs -- as well as to Dustin Hoffman, whose triplex is on the market for $25 million.
Many slum dwellers live in homes they have built themselves.
After a stint in New York, the chef has come here with a combination of the kind of odd, quirky, experimental food for which northern Spain has become famous and the classic Spanish bar food -- essentially tapas -- that has become deservedly popular here.
Yet such of-the-moment shows only serve as a counterpoint to larger, fully realized exhibitions, like ''The World From Here,'' a 2001 overview of treasures from the city's 28 libraries.
Mr. Sheehan attributed the cable's failure to old age.
Separately, a 39-year-old man was arrested in Manchester, in northwestern England, the police said.
Sessions, a Methodist, and Mr. Hatch, a Mormon, for explaining Catholic doctrine to him.
They arranged to meet for a first date three nights later.
''This is a case that on its face not only qualifies for the death penalty but almost cries out for it,'' Mr. Murphy said.
If you go La Foce, telephone and fax (39-0578) 69101, www.lafoce.com, is between Rome (two hours by car) and Florence (90 minutes), and 20 minutes from the Chiusi-Chianciano Terme exit of the A1 highway.
Mr. Reilly filed the suit against Second Chance, a Michigan company that makes the vests, and a Japanese company that manufactures the material the vests are made from.
Mr. Saadi's followers were falsely reporting that American soldiers had frisked his wife and had arrested another cleric, inflammatory stories that even the cleric himself later said were untrue.
According to Chuck Reichenthal, district manager of Community Board 13, the problem hangs on a small but important detail of the newly opened road: while the city promised to make it hard to turn left from Bay 53rd onto an entrance road to Home Depot, it didn't go far enough.
And in what some might view as an anticlimactic conclusion, he upheld the indictment, quoting a warning by Sir Edward Coke, attorney general to Queen Elizabeth I: ''via trita est tutissima,'' or ''the trodden path is the safest.''
Though Real Networks and Microsoft are the leaders, there are other competitors in the field, and some big potential entrants.
While the report by the arms inspector, David Kay, is not final, and while the inspectors may yet come upon a cache of weapons, the preliminary findings support the claims of critics, including Democratic candidates, that Mr. Bush used dubious intelligence to justify his decision to go to war.
''Pumpkins, cucumbers, cantaloupes, watermelons, all sorts of vine plants are susceptible to disease when there is too much water,'' said Ray Samulis, the county agriculture agent for the Rutgers Cooperative Extension in Burlington County.
He is old and white and unhappy, and she is young and black and unhappy.
Until this week he was also undoubtedly expecting help from Washington.
You have to admit, there is a certain French Revolution allure to the concept of stars at the mercy of the harsh whims of the common folk, especially when the common folk have speed dial.
Jews have been coming to New York from Baghdad since the beginning of the 20th century, but the migration quickened when anti-Jewish sentiment grew among Arabs with the founding of Israel in 1948.
The troupe from China was to have performed at Symphony Space on April 11 and 12. .
Also today, a group that opposes the suits, Downhill Battle, is expected to announce the creation of a legal defense fund for those caught up in the file-trading suits.
But McNair is a creature out of the Jeff Fisher mold.
And you should tell her promptly, so she has a chance to make other arrangements.
''This is not decent cricket; it's smash-grab cricket,'' said Roger Jay, feeling increasingly dismayed as the game went on.
recently exempted broadband services from those rules.)
If you're an inventor and you ride the banister below the pillared entrance of a university, there's a good chance of coming off as way too cute, like Robin Williams playing an inventor in a Disney movie.
At least 5 Palestinians were killed and more than 35 injured.
In the suit, Wal-Mart and its contractors are also accused of failing to make required workers' compensation and Social Security payments and failing to withhold federal payroll taxes.
Or so the standard story goes.
As the story went: ''The dog stood in front of the net, the player stood with the puck behind the net, and as the player tried to come out, the dog cut off the angle and rushed the puck carrier, an old dog teaching new tricks.''
Here's what she said: ''There's just nothing for me to find.
Consider the father of the country's richest man.
She was using up sick days at work.
To some doctors in India, the warning underscored the pragmatic aims of the company's philanthropy.
His was the voice of Superman on radio in the 1940's.
Ms. Murphy is being sought by the authorities on three charges of child endangerment.
Thus the paradox: Beethoven the devoted craftsman created products so profoundly resonant with the human spirit that they will find an audience for as long as the species exists.
The bank, for example, pointed out in its court papers that the money it sought was to cover the cost of demolishing the building, the current cost for reconstruction, and other business losses.
The Mint Theater, 311 West 43rd Street, Clinton, (212) 315-0231.
He knelt down and then placed the hoe so that its handle jutted straight up.
11 Illinois (4-1) defeat Arkansas (4-1) in Chicago.
For their third-round pick, the Jets chose Michigan fullback B. J. Askew, who will provide depth behind the starter Jerald Sowell.
''It's a very good contract for the economic times were in.''
A1 Media Mergers May Be Waning NBC's agreement to acquire the entertainment businesses of Vivendi Universal may signal the final stages of an eight-year merger boom that has delivered control of film, television and music in the United States to a half-dozen conglomerates.
''It is clear we can't compete with the football factories, the Ohio States and Oklahomas, but I totally reject the notion that the Military Academy should retreat to the Ivy League or Division II.
Others have already been dismissed by Santa Clara County Superior Court Judge John Herlihy.
A couple of dishes were overly hearty: gluey cavatelli with eggplant, olives and goat cheese; and a tough veal shank teamed with a dense risotto and an army of root vegetables.
The thread that pulls them together is perseverance.
We said maybe someone's got themselves a dealership.''
''It's like our village green,'' Mrs. DeMarco said.
has long had a policy that prohibits gambling-related advertisements during televised games.
This week's schedule of Treasury auctions includes three- and six-month bills today and a four-week bill on Tuesday.
George Rupp, the head of the International Rescue Committee, now finds himself walking the thorny path allotted to his group by the Bush administration.
That is in addition to the $500 million being provided by the airline's largest investor, the Retirement Systems of Alabama.
Newsstand sales dropped 3.8 percent in the last six months of 2002.
Civil War museum officials argue in court documents that Old Baldy has been with them for so long that it has become theirs.
Most of the nine candidates for the 2004 Democratic presidential nomination disclosed their first-quarter fund-raising this month: Mr. Edwards, a trial lawyer from North Carolina, surprised analysts by raising $7.42 million, narrowly topping the $7.01 million taken in by Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts.
The puzzle came together only through years of interplay among disciplines as varied as rheumatology and ecology, and thanks largely to a core of scientists at Yale.
''If you look at some of the big scandals lately, if they had our kind of data, we could have known about it a long time ago.''
The radio schedule: This Month TOMORROW: Halévy's ''Juive'' (1 p.m. Eastern time).
Vallayer-Coster (1744-1818), the daughter of a Parisian jewelry dealer, had grand successes as a painter early on.
In a way, he said, ''it's a farewell to a certain kind of work,'' the physical clowning, the rubber-legged cavorting and tomfoolery.
The French West led his top diamonds and played a fourth round, but he had no entry for his established winner.
Equilar Inc., a compensation analysis firm in San Mateo, Calif., compared pay at the nation's 450 largest companies with returns in their stocks.
''They just laugh at me,'' he said.
The microscopic cost of sending e-mail, compared with the price of postal mailings, allows senders to make money on products bought by as little as one recipient for every 100,000 e-mail messages.
.3:49:02 5228 Kirkland, S, 40M .
The museum's new Cultural Resources Center, a sprawling building a few miles from Washington in Suitland, Md., was designed as both a warehouse and a worship center for American Indians.
The audience was aghast in disbelief.
With regard to uranium acquisition, the I.A.E.A.
Current customer fave: U.S. Out of Iraq Snack, a dehydrated nibble made from nut pâté and nori.
He and the Cincinnati Reds doctor Timothy Kremchek operated on it in 1999.
He said a postponement in construction in some areas was ''by no means a guarantee that they won't move full speed ahead when a more opportune moment emerges.''
Ms. Minor, who delivered her baby girl, Jadey, by Caesarean section at the hospital in Everett four months ago, said she had a hard pregnancy.
.3:10:09 788 Smith, A, 42M .
For the business customer, economics is a factor, too.
On bass and drums are two musicians more central to Powell's bebop legacy: Dwayne Burno and Billy Drummond.
I realize it was probably to build character.
.3:51:54 5821 Gasnier, J, 50M .
''I realize that this is just the beginning,'' he said.
The software can be used effectively only if the doctors see an advantage in cooperating.
The LG Group, a Korean conglomerate, holds 18 percent of the shares of Hanaro Telecom after buying an additional 1.1 million shares in a move seen as part of an effort to deter a takeover bid by the American International Group and Newbridge Capital.
For example, only seven major city districts -- less than 13 percent of those studied -- posted average math scores in at least half of their grades that were the same or higher than state averages.
While there, we visited Dollywood, and that night my son was conceived.
RENAISSANCE JAZZ CAFE Ike Brown and Jazz Prophets, Afro-Cuban band.
Mr. Burnett is featured in a three-part PBS documentary series, ''Race: The Power of an Illusion,'' beginning May 18 on WLIW, Channel 21.
Disarmament is a distant dream.
A member of the Wall Street Steering Committee, Mr. Lonoff expressed an unwavering commitment to supporting Jewish and humanitarian causes through his generosity and devoted leadership.
Sir Brian Urquhart, Chairman Emeritus Agnes Gund, Chairman Jo Carole Lauder, President The International Council of The Museum of Modern Art VARNEDOE--Kirk.
He has no plans to run for office.
He arrived in spring training showing off a leaner, tighter waist.
Hours: Tuesdays through Fridays, 11:30 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Saturdays, 4 to 9 p.m. Headquarters Plaza Mall, Speedwell Avenue (Route 202), Morristown.
guidelines, adopted interim prices dictating the cost at which some of the incumbent local telephone companies would have to lease their networks to competitors.
''At the moment, you don't know which way the finale will go, but you know there will be some sort of finale,'' he said.
Warren Sapp had been waiting on the set in Tampa Bay, shifting in his chair, not smiling once as his time ticked away.
The action underscores the extent to which commission officials are moving to play regulatory catch-up after the announcement by Attorney General Eliot Spitzer of New York that mutual fund companies encouraged fraudulent trading activities.
''But if he wants war, I'll be the first one to fight.''
Peter Robertson, a former E.P.A.
In proposing the lifetime ban and $100,000 fine, Masback said, ''It's possible that going forward, if either one of these are struck down by an athlete who takes us to court, we hope the other one survives.''
''Otherwise, we can't get rid of them.''
George E. Pataki of New York demanded that federal officials investigate the cause of the blackout.
Gasoline stations that used to work around the clock and received several shipments a day get only one tanker in the morning, and close when the gasoline runs out.
The range of what is held back can extend from an aching tenderness that threatens to melt into a sobbing puddle to the violent red-eyed fury he unleashed in ''Dolores Claiborne,'' which found him delivering one of the scariest portrayals of a drunken wife-batterer ever etched on celluloid.
Next Level, whose technology allows telephone lines to transmit video and data services at high speeds, recommended that its shareholders reject Motorola's unsolicited tender offer to take full control of the company.
Kicked out of Long Island at the last minute, and compressed into one day rather than two, the Field Day Festival will be considerably less bucolic but perhaps more easily accessible than originally planned.
Lately he's been expanding his portfolio: he recently made a real blues album, and this weekend he's teaming up with Quartet Indigo, a genre-mixing string quartet.
The gyms prospered and multiplied in New York, then on Long Island, capitalizing on the lucrative intersection of feminism and the fitness trend.
He had indirect, anecdotal data, too, that backed his contention.
People talk about the pressure or the expectations.
Officers signed the accused in by flashlight and then went about packing them into detention pens meant to hold prisoners for an hour or two before their arraignments.
''We're almost at the same spot we were at the beginning of the year -- people believe that growth is still around the corner,'' said Peter McTeague, market strategist at Greenwich Capital.
Margaret Aiken was shown assembling an organic lunch, and Josh Viertel was shown in an organic tomato garden.
Mr. Delgado, citing the way the August blackout cascaded over thousands of square miles, said that it was important for every company on the grid to monitor its systems properly and operate conservatively, because any problem could snowball far beyond the guilty party's territory.
The court has said the interest in preventing corruption allows limitations on receipt of the quid by a candidate or officeholder, regardless of who gives it or of the intent of the donor or officeholder.
It is not that she objected to the marriage.
By avoiding a dividend, the Forman brothers will collect at least an extra $1 million.
''I think the U.S. and Australia have to be the two strongest nations there, no doubt,'' said Hackett, who is Australian.
The Anatolia News Agency reported that Turkish and American officials agreed today to oversee the arming and disarming of the Iraqi Kurds jointly.
It feared that any young person viewing Benton's nauseating war depictions would go AWOL.
Scout camp began as a father-son activity, and I'm a little worried that going back might feel like trying to recapture something that's already gone, something that I never wanted to do, but, that in the end, didn't last quite long enough.
The Columbia, the earliest of the shuttles, did have temperature sensors on its wings' leading edges when it was introduced two decades ago, the officials said.
should depend on a person's character and ability, not on his birth.''
In just the last six weeks, the fund received about one-third of all the claims, with a good number coming from New York City firefighters and employees of Cantor Fitzgerald, Mr. Feinberg said.
David Clyde should know the inner game.
The attacks took place during the darkest period of the month, allowing American forces to exploit their night vision devices against the ill-equipped Iraqis.
Its shares slumped $1.86, to $28.10, affecting both the Dow and the S.& P. 500.
Game 7's have been especially critical to the home team, which has won the last seven times the World Series has gone seven games.
''Welfare'' used to mean a monthly check that could be immediately converted to cash.
Narrowly, of Senegal and maybe Paris, too, or at least of the Senegalese pop music that spread from Dakar to Paris and long since to the world.
Process is all, and the process had ended.
Postwar Japan has been essentially a one-party state, in part because the Liberal Democratic Party, which is actually conservative, has always enjoyed rock-solid rural support.
His love of the Jewish people was matched by his overarching compassion and humanity for all.
A public hearing will be held today in Lower Manhattan, where elected officials, nightclub and restaurants owners, and other experts are expected to testify and offer proposed changes to the law.
The deal would allow NextWave to start paying off its billions of dollars of debt.
Mr. Xie visited Ditan Hospital in Beijing to undergo treatment for another ailment on April 18 and ended up catching SARS, he told Chinese state media.
When I saw him, I thought, 'O.K., this is all right.'
Stocks of goods at distributors increased 0.5 percent after a 0.3 percent rise.
''We Sink as We Run,'' presented by Dixon Place last Saturday night at the University Settlement, lived up to expectations.
We extend our deepest sympathy to the entire Newhouse family.
Corporate meeting planners in North America and Europe project an average 1.1 percent decrease in spending on such events this year over 2002, though the actual number of such events will increase slightly, the survey shows.
The company plans to use proceeds from the sale to reduce net debt, which stood at 5.4 billion euros ($6.4 billion) in June.
''Doesn't this beneficent killing make disabled brothers and sisters just as dead?''
One afternoon as he sat in his sparsely decorated office, he noted that he sees his congregants at their most vulnerable.
Stock in AK Steel, which is based in Middletown, Ohio, fell 54 cents, to $3.35 a share.
In 1976, he dropped out of school and took over a money-losing health club in Houston.
* Lounge Lizard Worldwide, Great River, N.Y., and Adam Friedman Associates, New York, a public relations and investor relations agency, have formed a strategic alliance.
Like Irving Berlin or Cole Porter, he was responsible for the complete score of long-running, perennially revived musical comedies.
That cost Texas 113 jobs.
With empathy and sadness to my dear friend, Marta Casals Istomin.
Once groups are finished, they should present their data and conclusions to the class.
President Bush said that under the new law, people with health savings accounts would ''save between 10 to 35 percent on any costs covered by money in your account,'' depending on their tax bracket.
And I thought the album was actually pretty good.
Mr. Milosevic's three judges do this in part by giving him extra time.
Information: (212) 379-8339 or www.walkny.org.
The biggest short-term trader, according to reports, was Daniel Calugar, a Las Vegas investor who made about $64 million in profits trading in and out of Alliance's funds from 2001 to 2003.
They are shocked at what has happened and they want somebody to come and help, to really help.''
St. Louis WHERE YOU'RE HEADED -- Cuivre River State Park, less than 60 miles from St. Louis, in Lincoln County.
Lunch is a deal: Duck egg roll with apricot sauce is $6, a grilled sirloin steak sandwich $7.50, and the passion fruit taster $7.
The business of cleaning up after a blizzard has been a political barometer since Mayor John Lindsay met his frigid Waterloo on the snow-clogged streets of Queens in February 1969.
In 2000, 75 percent of Indonesians said they had a favorable opinion of the United States.
She's also readied a slew of home repairs: a broken garage door, a leaky faucet, a bum bathroom door handle.
I mean, what if you thought you were a cat?
Posting the pictures at your own Web site can save time and frustration.
Flashbacks to her working-class childhood in Nutley, N.J., as one of six children raised by a meek but withdrawn mother and a tyrannical, perfectionist father, explain the rest.
But he insisted that the needs of ordinary Iraqis were being neglected, saying, ''Our prisoners of war are getting good treatment from the Americans -- but no one else is.''
''I hope he's given up his preconceptions, and is seeking to find out what Iraq actually did,'' Dr. Albright said.
''I think that was something he wanted to show everyone.''
In a March 20 conference call with bondholders, he said they would see changes in the fall line.
''We didn't fight this conflict for the purpose of telling the Iraqi people what kind of government they will have,'' he said.
Afterward, naturally, the critics questioned his fitness.
Mr. Flynn is survived by his wife of 62 years, Harriett Howland Flynn; two daughters, Susan F. Gordon of Tenafly, N.J., and Christine Flynn Segal of Manhattan; a son, John H., of Roslyn, N.Y.; and six grandchildren.
.3:39:24 3623 Aviles, R, 31M .
However, in one brief outburst, a store manager who identified herself only as Eugenia, strived to make clear that her decision to open for business weighed heavily on her conscience.
Then, on Sunday, the Knicks go to Minnesota, where the Timberwolves have won 14 straight games.
Customers were signing their names, which the man put into the machine, and were given a stack of cards that supposedly listed their personality traits.
Laetitia Sernet, 20, a stylist in Paris, contrasted Zara with Gap, saying Zara's ''things are more fashionable, more diversified.
PRINCETON UNIVERSITY ART MUSEUM ''Recent Acquisitions in Asian Art: 1998 to 2003.''
(Jennifer Rogien is the production designer.)
Indeed, the European split over Iraq was depicted as further evidence of what critics depict as the continent's impotence in international crises.
''Long-term, it's part of a trend of the transformation of an industrial waterfront that's going to be used for housing and open space.''
This approach was the model the Yankees followed in winning four World Series titles in five seasons, starting in 1996.
''I look better than Fridge,'' he said.
The extra competitiveness from what is effectively a fixed exchange rate has been particularly great for China.
Many of its songs -- ''New Killer Star''; a cover of Jonathan Richman's ''Pablo Picasso''; ''Never Get Old''; and, especially, the title track -- are so very thrusty that it's easy to imagine the artistically inclined baby boomers who have been with Mr. Bowie since the beginning getting rocked right out of their Eames recliners.
With one out in the sixth and Matt LeCroy on first, Hunter reached down for a slider and laced it to right-center.
To which Armstrong replied: ''They all talk the big talk.
We've seen a lot of good players come through here and go other places, and this organization has proved they can win without them.
From Oct. 3-19, the tour will stop in Bridgeport, Conn.; Philadelphia; Norfolk, Va.; Chicago; Green Bay, Wis.; St. Paul; Omaha; Dallas; and Houston.
To give some sort of ending to what is, after all, just a series of random memories, Steig comes full circle and shows a photograph of himself as he looks now.
May Trude and the entire family be comforted amongst the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.
There's even a retro trend among women toward deserting the fast track for a pleasant life of sitting around Starbucks gabbing with their girlfriends, baby strollers beside them, logging time at the gym to firm up for the he-man C.E.O.
Mrs. Stolzenburg and her family arrived at the Old Campus by 8:30 a.m., giving themselves plenty of time to go through security and find the perfect seats on the lawn.
Mrs. Fergus replied, ''Well, that's because your head's just screwed on right.''
Private grooms is pressing on the mannequin's pelvis, stanching the blood flow, while Pvt.
At home, the fall of Baghdad has fortified President Bush's political standing.
Ms. Britt, 52, adopted Cameron, who is now 5, two years ago.
.4:16:34 11728 Wagner, S, 30F .
If there's a band to champion here, it's Pelican, from Chicago.
In response to Mr. Hevesi's audit, Peter S. Kalikow, the M.T.A.
This short-attention-span culture has been the bane of women's pro sports, many of which have debuted only to disappear over the last decade.
Under pressure to find time for the extra English and math classes required by the Education Department's new standardized curriculum, the city's junior high schools are slashing art, music and other electives, an unintended cost in the push to help students master basic skills.
CREDIT CARDS -- Cash only.
Kenyon Martin was a late replacement for Karl Malone.
On Dec. 19, a small amount of mold was discovered in a basement room and air-quality tests showed elevated counts of mold.
''But the mortgage market is a national market, and our concern is that there should be one clear national standard.''
As with horses, the variety of pigeon breeds seems endless, but at the Pigeon Store's auctions, homing pigeons -- birds capable of returning to their home lofts from after journeys of thousands of miles -- constitute the largest number of sales.
He later called his departure ''a rending, wrenching experience'' that brought tears to his eyes.
made clear, condemning the man who set up a sundial in the marketplace ''to cut and hack my day so wretchedly into small pieces.''
Yesterday Brian Downs, a spokesman for the hospital group that includes Lehigh Valley, said that although Mr. Cullen had been fired by Liberty Nursing amid questions about his handling of drugs, ''We conducted reference checks with his previous employer, Liberty, and no problems were indicated.''
At SummerStage tomorrow at 3 p.m.; free, with donations requested.
The Mets already have Tom Seaver as their sole, homegrown representative.
Hats are also in bloom.
Mr. Shevardnadze, above, has said he will call on the new Parliament to convene immediately after the completed vote count is officially announced Friday.
''If they got together and stood up to the mob, eventually they could clean up the union and get the rights that autoworkers and steelworkers already had.''
''The courts are never anxious to intervene in a case like this,'' and to second-guess the executive branch's authority over national security, Mr. Fidell said.
As soon as his work was done, though, Mr. Ivanov began to complain, saying, ''It's completely evident that there was external pressure, interference in internal affairs by certain countries.''
''Boundaries between artists and craftsmen have melded considerably since the 1960's, when I began exhibiting,'' Mr. Chihuly said.
Somehow, somewhere along the line, the roster of winter sports in the United States was twisted into something so defiant, daring and strange that it now barely resembles its origins.
His organic yet aesthetically sophisticated ''art furniture'' has inspired generations of younger American woodworkers.
In return for joining the Khartoum government, the Sudan rebels, led by Col. John Garang, agreed to wait six years and then hold a referendum to decide the south's status.
Lawyers for the families and family members are expected to be briefed on the United States' policy on Libya on Friday.
The changes come as Thompson, the largest agency in the United States in revenue -- and No.
Sweden was the only country in the top 10 to keep the same rank, at No.
Is it in some of us?
I hitchhiked through the Sahara, and crossed the Algerian border into Tunisia at a remote outpost where soldiers closely examined my shoes, but not my socks, where my money was hidden.
Each overnight ratings point represents 717,310 households.
The tape shows a smiling Mr. Hussein thronged by a mob of well-wishers in broad daylight in a public square in the Iraqi capital.
The Buccaneers released tight end Tony McGee and signed tight end Daniel Wilcox.
They're not really famous for their self-restraint -- wouldn't they all drive S.U.V.'s?
Leading executives are taking new jobs.
Mr. O'Brien thinks Mr. Bloom is ''a great mind, a wonderful writer,'' but he calls Mr. Bloom's ecstatic embrace of Falstaff ''so over the top.''
Sharp also posted a 71 percent increase in sales of integrated chips used in these products.
Those who warn of a warrior class cite a study by the Triangle Institute for Security Studies in North Carolina showing that between 1976 and 1996 the percentage of military officers who saw themselves as nonpartisan or politically independent fell from more than 50 percent to less than 20 percent.
Dinner: appetizers $3.50 to $8; entrees $8 to $20.
Based on their experience with Nassau's 1996 ban on smoking in many workplaces, health officials say they expect most businesses to voluntarily comply.
Many of his self-portraits underscore Schoenberg's vision of the suffering artist pilloried by a philistine society with a maudlin, indulgent crudeness that rarely appears in his music.
He has heard it since he was a highly visible quarterback at the University of Tennessee, that somehow his career is unfulfilled, that his achievements have never met expectations.
For this season to be considered a success, however, the Devils need to win in the playoffs and erase the memories of last season's first-round ouster by the Carolina Hurricanes.
Kittner began the season as the Falcons' third-string quarterback, but Michael Vick, the dazzling starter, is injured and Doug Johnson, who beat the Giants last year, is out of favor.
Nearly 30 million Africans are now infected with the virus that causes AIDS.
Wealthy residents have also bought up farm land and deeded it to land trusts, and many have preserved their own property through conservation easements.
Damani Ralph, a front-runner for rookie of the year in M.L.S., scored the only goal with a right-footed shot from 10 yards after a pass by Evan Whitfield in the 68th minute.
INSIDE PITCH Andy Pettitte's strikeout of Dmitri Young in the third was the 1,258th of Pettitte's career, passing Mel Stottlemyre, now the pitching coach, for fifth on the Yankees' career list.
These trees put out a lot of figs; he spends as much as two or three hours a day picking them, collecting the good ones in baskets and tossing the ones that have ''bloomed out'' (the fig's fruit is also its flower) into his neighbor's yard.
It went in as the red lights around the backboard lit up.
ABC will also include two reality series in the fall, ''The Bachelor,'' which will star one of the rejected suitors from ''The Bachelorette,'' and ''Extreme Makeover.''
At that time, ice boats were the fastest vessels on earth, reaching more than 100 miles an hour in a strong wind.
The Bush administration's chief traffic safety regulator reaffirmed today that regulating sport utility vehicles would be a top priority.
THE ROUTE 3 FEE -- Ticket-holders in traffic will pay $5 to ushers in green jumpsuits for the right to enter the Giants Stadium parking lot.
Evidently aware of its delicate position, IronPort bought SpamCop in July, but kept the acquisition quiet until receiving inquiries from several reporters this month.
You need consistent people around you.''
Bertelsmann's results confirm what people inside and outside the company have been saying since its boardroom shake-up last summer: The United States has become the weak link in a far-flung empire.
''But,'' he said, ''the procedures have been changed so that it will not happen again.''
Ticket auctions have been a source of controversy since Ticketmaster introduced a service last month allowing entertainment sites to sell seats to the highest bidders.
The Security Council, he argues, must be enlarged, with new members added to both the group of 10 elected nations that serve two-year terms, and the group of five permanent members that hold veto power: the United States, Britain, France, China and Russia.
The new album is aptly titled, as the timing is good for R.E.M.
''The priest who did the last Mass on Aug. 3 didn't say a thing to let people know that this was going to be the last Mass,'' said one parishioner, Monica Aska-Braggs.
The third talk, about designs for waterfront areas, will be by Signe Nielsen on Nov. 3.
Mr. Mason, who was extradited from his home in Columbia, S.C., admitted at a court hearing to fatally shooting two El Segundo officers, Milton G. Curtis and Richard A. Phillips, on July 22, 1957, after they stopped him for a traffic violation.
''We're tired of doing things for the résumé or doing things that aren't fun because we're supposed to,'' Ms. Fitzgerald said.
Shakespeare, a ''son of York'' and grammatical colonials all disapprove.
Living on the island for much of the past year, Rech has adapted his plans almost daily, often to make way for materials that could be recycled.
Their offspring seemed to have achieved progress simply by having two dimensions.
And satellite would be the big winner.''
You get out there, you don't hear any other sound except nature.
And if you smoke, quit.
Mr. Greenspun asserted that the prosecution had not proven that Mr. Muhammad was a ''principal in the first degree'' in the killing of Dean H. Meyers last October.
''Don't anyone laugh,'' DeBolt said after stumbling to put on a jail uniform, according to a report written by Corrections Officer Edward Stone.
Canada's Bank of Nova Scotia, which already holds 55 percent of the group, submitted a sealed bid last week.
Sometime in 1996, with more and more people using the Craigslist e-mail to locate or offer goods, services and news of forthcoming events, Mr. Newmark took his operation to the Web.
Next to it, water had gathered in a 12-foot-wide crater formed by the explosion.
General Clark met with him anyway.
MARIE E. BIRNBAUM Washington, Dec. 31, 2002
If needed, bird food and hamster food can also be delivered to the homebound.
The mezzo-soprano Kelley O'Connor as the young García Lorca and the soprano Amanda Forsythe as the young Margarita were also impressive.
And some voters who have met him say that although he may lack flash, he has his own brand of charm.
But we both have our focus on the Lord -- he is taking care of us.
''Have you seen 'Kid Stays in the Picture'?''
People were still wandering into Irving Plaza at 12:30 on Friday night, ready for a rare local performance from Thione Seck, one of Senegal's most popular singers.
In the early 15th century they were the world's premier seafarers, dispatching scores of ships and thousands of explorers as far as the Persian Gulf and across the Pacific.
The league carries the hopes of women from across the world, providing jobs and competition for Brazilians and Nigerians, Chinese and Norwegians, Yanks and Canadians.
ROBERT M. KRUG Austin, Tex., Dec. 17, 2003 The writer is a professor of microbiology at the University of Texas at Austin.
Damages Awarded in Music Suit The Island Def Jam Music Group and its chief executive were ordered to pay $132 million in damages to an independent record label after a jury found them liable for bad business practices.
The state has agreed to evaluate prisoners sent to its psychiatric hospital by judges more quickly, resolving a lawsuit filed two years ago by the American Civil Liberties Union.
More than 60 miles to the west were the snow-dusted peaks of the Sierra Nevada, including Mount Whitney, the highest mountain in the lower 48 states.
WALKING TOURS HISTORIC GOVERNORS ISLAND.
He graduated six weeks before Sept. 11.
''I call it the slighted co-C.E.O.
AXA, which already sells insurance and annuities in the United States and owns fund manager Alliance Capital Management, will become the fourth-largest seller of variable annuities in the United States and the biggest provider of variable life insurance, based on new sales, the company said.
The work of turning the specifications into internationally accepted standards will be handed off next month to EPCglobal, a nonprofit subsidiary of the Uniform Code Council, which oversees the use of bar codes, and EAN International, a European commercial standards setting organization.
The five other members either resigned, indicated a reluctance to serve again or were not reappointed by Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, according to board members.
A grand jury in Albany investigated the matter but has brought no charges.
Place over medium-low heat until sugar dissolves.
The arrest of Mr. Lebedev and the questioning by prosecutors on Friday of Mr. Khodorkovsky and another of his close associates, Leonid Nevzlin, bode ill for foreign investment in Russia, analysts here said.
Pink-eared Piglet (John Fiedler), in his trademark scarf, speaks in a plucky little-boy squeak.
Federal rules require safety guards on conveyor belts to prevent workers from getting caught and crushed.
I have no clear-cut unequivocal answer as to why this is going very slow.
For example, relentless bombing and a week of ground combat left the Baghdad Division of Iraq's army reduced to ''zero percent strength,'' according to Marine officers who engaged the division, once thought to number about 10,000 soldiers.
''We're doing everything we can to stay ahead of that.''
But many of these firms, too, are on the prowl for deals.
Next Sunday; Today and Saturday; Saturday, and next Sunday.
A Florida circuit court judge denied requests this spring to appoint a guardian for the fetus, even as he approved a guardian for the mother, who is 22, and who is believed to be 9 months pregnant.
Some members of the Turkish government, including the foreign minister, Yasar Yakis, had suggested that the government might try again.
But the Baathist dictatorship has been waging war for decades.
That day was the only day in four years that I felt truly valued by Arthur Andersen.''
His heritage also includes a football-playing grandfather and a stepbrother who is now a special teams coach at Fordham University.
What might be some benefits that colonialists bring to a colonized nation?
But that's what ''correct grammar'' often comes down to nowadays.
The companies that make the products have long said they are safe.
''Prior to the signing there were a lot more serious incidents,'' he said, citing killings and rapes.
By 2007, if all goes well, many stations will also have electronic signs and voices announcing when trains will arrive, he said.
On the contrary, the producers were so anxious not to blur their portrait of evil that they left out the banality of Hitler.
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected earnings of 21 cents a share in the period, which ends Nov. 30.
But he could -- and did -- promise it would be better off two years from now.
Germany by 1938 was already an economic and military match for France.
By that time, she had twice set records for swimming the English Channel, traversing 27 miles in 9 hours 57 minutes at age 15 and 33 miles in 9:36 at 16.
Legislators must then be forced to approve a system that is fair and open.
Add the shallots to the skillet and sauté 1 minute.
So they pass their day drinking tea and watching the traffic jams that form on the street outside, turning away those few who come by to make a complaint.
Rene Russo is a fellow agent who Mr. Eastwood's character immediately assumes is a secretary.
Paul Ballew, the chief sales strategist for General Motors, told analysts and journalists earlier this month that G.M.
''They knew their season was on the brink,'' Peca said of the Rangers.
The Chicago Tribune, the largest-circulation paper in America's midesection, representing the home state of last year's Miss America, Erika Harold, published only one wire-service story on the pageant.
''God did not bring me here to fail,'' Jarvis said.
He said that until last week, neither he nor his family had ever been approached by agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation seeking his brother, James (Whitey) Bulger, a longtime F.B.I.
Oracle's shares rose 6 cents, to close at $13.33 in regular session trading.
And that does not please Mr. Mallon and Mr. Jenkins's Burton.
DeBusschere is the first star player from the championship teams of 1970 and 1973 (the Knicks also reached the N.B.A.
The consequences are obvious for doctor bills, drivers' licenses and drugstores.
The suits, which will eventually be distributed to all officers in the department, will necessitate additional training, which is costly for the city because when officers are taken off the streets for training, they must be replaced, or paid overtime.
VERY GOOD ATMOSPHERE -- A beautifully restored, former 18th-century tavern.
The online services contend they are changing the way people date, becoming a perfectly respectable way to meet other singles.
Prison experts said officials appeared to have made a fundamental error in placing a vulnerable inmate like Mr. Geoghan, 68, in the same protective custody unit as Mr. Druce.
There are some witty moments, mostly courtesy of Mr. Depp, who plays a C.I.A.
''What we have is a messy situation but not a crisis, because it is still fixable,'' said Richard C. Holbrooke, former ambassador to the United Nations and to Germany in the Clinton administration.
Troy stabbed a police officer.
As the saying has it: least said, soonest mended.
You can't lie to me,' '' Pellman said. ''
To the Editor: Regarding ''The Education of a World Traveler'' (July 20), by Michael McColly: Last summer my wife and I also hired the requisite Navajo guide to hike down into Canyon de Chelly.
(Boomers: think New York University in the late 1960's.)
The attorney general of the United States or the local United States attorney must certify to the court in writing that the case meets these requirements, Mr. Schwartz said.
The playwrights seem to appreciate the process.
As the European economy continues to deteriorate, Italian banks are feeling the pinch.
''Contingency sites should be miles, not city blocks or hundreds of yards, from the primary operations sites that they support.
But a former Celine executive, speaking on the condition of anonymity, maintained that much of the responsibility for Celine's sluggish sales rested with LVMH.
A half dozen Swiss tourists sipped rum drinks and played cards along the beaches of Juan Dolio, where a coconut vendor introduced them to a couple of local women.
One result of the Iran-contra scandal was a decision by the C.I.A.
The official said the government would request Sheik Mouyad's extradition to the United States.
(Ages 10 and up) 5 6 14 ARTEMIS FOWL: THE ETERNITY CODE, by Eoin Colfer.
Not only can the corporate network administrator see your e-mail, but so can anyone who has access to your Web network traffic.
Cent, who's been shot (nine times), stabbed, and jailed this past New Year's on a weapons charge, will enjoy the movie?
The bailout in June of Japan's fifth-largest lender, Resona Holdings, helped support shares in other banks.
All across Safwan and the vast desert that surrounds it, one startling image after another tumbled forth from the chaos of battle.
And one critic called Mr. Zucker ''a male Joan Sutherland.''
Among the ensuing absurdities: Indian-owned off-reservation casinos, like the glitzy one the Seneca Nation opened on New Year's Eve in Niagara Falls, N.Y. Casinos already operate on the Canadian side of the falls.
Mrs. Voith said onlookers had seemed delighted with the spectacle.
The question then, is whether Mr. Koizumi can keep the party rolling by breaking his promises to cut spending, or whether he will use his fresh mandate to push through his reform plans that could scuttle the recovery.
Maud's experiences, however, are a little more on the ludicrous side than those of Mr. Cunningham's heroines.
The roasted free range chicken, rubbed with mustard, tossed in bread crumbs and served with a wine shallot sauce, was twice left too long in the oven, a shame because it had great flavor.
His role seemed to lend credibility to a claim for which the company provided no evidence.
Tequila makes me a bit crazy.''
''I just think we all want to make sure we're all on the same page.
Anna, his beloved second wife, composed, impeccable, her dark hair pulled tightly back, her deep-set eyes black and brooding.
Indeed the country's children are at risk in the drug epidemic.
At 3:09 a.m., Officer Schramm saw the vehicle, a 1993 Honda Civic with two men inside, at the intersection of Mountain View Road and County Route 643.
As Mr. Wolff said: ''Most writers of my generation didn't pass through one of these programs, and as a young writer I certainly looked askance at them.
For now, the source of the infection is a mystery.
''Frankly, I'd say there's a good reason for healthy skepticism about what Iran will actually do, as opposed to what it says,'' one senior department official said.
They said both boys had been holding the gun to pose for a picture when the friend pulled the trigger, apparently assuming that the gun was not loaded.
The famed fungoids will perform three different programs this weekend, starting today -- at an early curtain time to enable off-the-stage fireworks watching -- with ''Day Two,'' a Pils classic danced to music by Brian Eno, with Michael Tracy's ''Brass Ring,'' commissioned by the 2002 Olympic Arts Festival and set to music by Copland, Joplin and Joseph Lamb, and with ''The Four Humours,'' choreographed by Robby Barnett and Jonathan Wolken last year to music by Richard Peaslee.
''What has changed over the last dozen years is that people in the cockpit now have a nearly comprehensive picture of what is happening in a vast battle space,'' Dr. Thompson said.
But Reyes seems destined to be a major leaguer.
''Actually, they made it a classier restaurant,'' Ms. Brabner said.
In addition, the Marine Corps has charged eight Marine reservists in the death of an Iraqi prisoner near Nasiriya last June.
Mr. Galvin's hard line against mutual funds surprises few who know him.
Oklahoma's string of 47 straight victories in football was also halted by the Fighting Irish in 1957.
Publishers have provided the age designations for their best-selling children's titles.
Then, write a comparison paper that traces political themes within the various manifestations of the Chinese government.
The history of Osprey crashes casts a long shadow over the sales effort.
After having its way with ''Butler'' four years ago, Fleetwood Stage has gamely returned to Orton, who was dangerous, in style as in content.
It was Nelson Rockefeller who pursued Matisse to create a memorial window for Abby Aldrich Rockefeller, Nelson's mother.
Visitors exchange their shoes for white footsies and wear electrode receptors plugged into a central computer programmed to translate brain waves into dancing images.
Now, on a 200-acre stretch that the city set aside in 1999, a campus of 1,000 students is up and running, and the two private citizens are still raising money to keep the construction going.
The blasts hit the British Consulate and the offices of the London-based bank HSBC, casting a long shadow on a day when London itself was on continued high security alert, as Mr. Bush's heavily armored limousine moved eerily through barricaded, largely deserted streets lined with police officers.
Right now, with chaos in Baghdad and foot-dragging by Israel, that path looks treacherous.
Decades ago, as a ninth grader in a big Brooklyn public high school, Bill Salzman was rapidly slipping through the cracks.
Activated G-F Tariq Abdul-Wahad from the injured list.
Center Jessica Moore delivered three early baskets then began to fumble passes.
But they don't know what it's really like.
In New York, the euro settled at $1.1772, down from $1.1845 on Tuesday.
Like many people in this city shaken by terrorist bombs, Ms. Bayburt has conflicting feelings about Turkey's relationship with Europe and the United States.
''He ran offstage to get Young and just left me hanging there.
Officials here ascribed the mayhem not to the Oakland Raiders' 48-21 loss in San Diego to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers but to an opportunistic desire to cause trouble.
Child poverty rates have declined since the welfare reform of the mid-1990's.
''It's all about returning this from being an operating company back to being a holding company,'' a Primedia executive, who insisted on anonymity, said.
Another potential obstacle to the deal is the Defense Department inspector general's investigation of whether the Air Force and Boeing engaged in anticompetitive practices while working out the tanker deal.
Like the mansions their occupants knew in life, these buildings hold artistic treasures intended to be seen by the very privileged.
He was a prince among men and our guiding light.
A18 Some archaeological sites in Iraq have escaped looting, says the National Geographic Society, but others, especially in the south, sustained serious losses.
The store knows he loves Wilco, a folksy rock band, and offers him CD's with a similar sound.
All the dots are well connected in this narrative.
In Hempstead, they count the number of gas meters, mailboxes and doorbells.
Mrs. Clinton said it appeared that officials in Albany, including Mr. Pataki, were holding on to substantial sums of the aid instead of getting the money to where it is most needed.
Southampton Town police officers broke up a weekend-long prom party at a Hampton Bays rental house on May 24, rounding up 31 underage drinkers who had hired a security guard to keep out crashers.
Mr. Bush faced his first choices on North Korea in March, 2001.
Mr. Thompson has said that he plans to audit the selection process.
The bridegroom, who is 47 and based in Houston, is a partner with Jack Massing in a collaboration called the Art Guys.
Ratings reflect the reviewer's reaction primarily to food, with ambience and service taken into consideration.
When he proves successful, she allows how she had recognized him and merely played along.
So far, Mr. Greenspan's policies have dovetailed fairly well with President Bush's goals.
's toughest players, emerge from the tunnel before a game and beat them after spending days in the trainer's room.
The building is unfinished and all but abandoned.
Salisbury was replaced by Peters, who began the game on the bench with a cold she caught when she arrived in New York.
''Think yourself what you might have eaten four and a half years ago,'' he said.
''How about the in-room safe?''
The dismissed agents, Allstate said, could continue with the company as independent agents, doing essentially the same work.
Prices are those paid in wine shops in the New York region.
He will be greatly missed by all who knew and loved him.
''It's clear to me that several of these trends are connected to changes in the economy,'' Dr. Jenner said.
''The soldier has been returned to a coalition-controlled area.''
He has made the team three times already.
The executives said they expected to cut expenses by about 11 percent, or about $350 million before taxes, over the next three years.
''For my job, there's not a lot of action,'' said Chief Brooke D. Bundrock, at 26 Ashley's only police officer.
Everything was as advertised or better.
Randy Johnson lasted only five innings, but Arizona's three-run rally in the seventh kept his winning streak over the Royals at nine straight.
The Wildcats (19-2, 11-1 Pacific-10) buried the Bruins with a 21-0 run over a 5-minute span late in the first half and early in the second.
The announcement was termed ''deeply distressing'' by Regine Deforges, head of the jury of the rival Prix Femina, because it was not expected until Nov. 3, Agence France-Presse reported.
Not necessarily next year, but I can't wait until next year to see the kinds of adjustments he makes.''
Discounting is a perfectly normal corporate practice.
After subtracting the number of jobs lost since January 2001, he concluded that 45.7 percent of the job gains in the city had been eroded, compared with 31.3 percent statewide and 10.2 percent nationally.
Parks's action, saying, ''All she did was sit down.''
Ms. Witherspoon returns as Elle Woods, the indefatigable sprig of a girl whose disposition is as sunshiny as her hair.
His method is that of close study of the constitutional text, the original understanding of the text's meaning and the Supreme Court's decisions interpreting and applying the text.
1 2 3 4 Connecticut Dodd (D) Yea Yea Yea Yea Lieberman (D) A A A Yea New Jersey Corzine (D) Yea Yea Yea Yea Lautenberg (D) Yea Yea Yea Yea New York Clinton (D) Yea Yea Yea Yea Schumer (D) Yea Yea Yea Yea KEY: (A) Absent or did not vote; (P) Present.
The production recouped only a quarter of the $8.5 million it cost.
During the four telecasts of last week's Senior Open, Edwards and Watson had their own clip, courtesy of the United States Golf Association.
Cliff Freeman & Partners has decided against taking part in a review for the creative part of the account of the Midas chain of automotive repair shops, which the agency had handled since October 2001.
Rabbi Eric M. Solomon will officiate.
We will remember his passionate devotion to family and friends, his indomitable spirit, integrity and courage under affliction.
HOCKEY National Hockey League EDMONTON OILERS--Acquired the rights to D Brian Leetch from the New York Rangers for G Jussi Markkanen and a conditional 2004 draft pick.
The view from home, which includes Eastchester Bay and Long Island Sound, was sufficiently relaxing.
Still, residents say the town is more diverse than the sheer census numbers suggest.
Or, in a way, regression, to the way things used to be.
King Blues Club and Grill, 237 West 42nd Street, Manhattan, (212) 997-4144.
Still, writers are an anxious lot.
The other is doppler radar that calculates the speed of an incoming missile, as well as its direction.
It's been a particularly rough summer for exchange students, who have faced both inclement weather and the federal bureaucracy -- the State Department and Social Security Administration have implemented new policies.
A classic Peking duck with skin as crisp as parchment was accompanied, for example, by five-spice duck foie gras.
fails to act, the S.E.C.
Doctors who perform the procedure, which they call intact dilation and extraction, typically deliver the lower part of a fetus and then collapse its head, opponents say.
They are more than admirable in their concentration as they move in and out of classical alignment and into ballet's classroom positions.
Hobbyists, pointing to data of their own on the safety of model rocketry materials, said the senators were distorting the scientific record.
Anderson liked them and passed them on to Holt, which compiled them in book form and suggested the title.
I know the team better and know how we're going to react to things.
In his new Bay Area incarnation as a rhinestone-encrusted drag deity, dressed in layers of thrift-store finery and floral headpieces made from discarded blooms, Hibiscus emerged as the acid-dropping, show-tune-singing leader of the Cockettes, a short-lived but influential performance troupe whose drag-and-drugs theatrics were celebrated last year by the filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber in a documentary of the same name.
He couldn't get rid of her.
This is PG-13 pasta, with liberal doses of aged Gruyère cheese, juicy lardons, bluefoot mushrooms and black truffle oil.
He was taken to St. Mary's Hospital, where he was pronounced dead.
Mr. Bollwage said he believed the map would help urban renewal in once-industrial cities ''as a starting point in the evolution toward smart growth.''
IN December 1976 a very dead body was found hanging in a rundown Long Beach, Calif., amusement park ride called ''Laff-in-the-Dark.''
The waste is collected in pools because the concentration of hogs is so high that it must be treated before it can be used as fertilizer.
The American administrator, L. Paul Bremer III, met today with Iraqi businessmen and politicians, and representatives of the International Monetary Fund at a gathering of an American-led business council.
Earlier this year, the administration was surprised when Russia sided with France over the war resolution.
San Antonio Missions National Historical Park, 2202 Roosevelt Avenue, San Antonio; (210) 932-1001, www.nps.gov/saan.
Let me tell you this today: every day you will have new reports against Syria, accusing Syria of things it has not done.
The CD evokes a family sitting around a parlor, perhaps listening to the antique radio pictured on the cover, but more likely just making music together on their own, as the McGarrigles' parents did.
Mr. Kibaki won a landslide in December elections with promises to end graft that became rampant during President Daniel arap Moi's 24 years in power.
The firm, which manages more than $5 billion, is based in Providence, R.I., and has an office in London.
Tickets: tomorrow, $38; Sunday, $18 (Oestreich).
's approach had helped to ensure that nationwide antiwar demonstrations in recent months, drawing hundreds of thousands of protesters, remained largely free of violence and disruption.
Samantha, for example, is now on her pool club's swim team, leading the crew with the breast stroke.
He dreamily looks out the window, and then he is gone.
She trains young members on a variety of social issues, including encouraging rape victims to report their cases to the police.
Bonds's 44th homer tied Texas' Alex Rodriguez for the major league lead.
Other witnesses said some municipalities assigned unrealistically high workloads, and expected inspectors to examine as many as 20 homes a day.
But a review of Assembly records shows Ms. Davis sought reimbursement of $10,094 for trips from her Bronx home to Albany from mid-1998 to March 2002, a period when she told prosecutors in her pleas that she got free rides from the company.
I started wondering how you would determine that.
''Officials and developers have latched on to it and won't let go.
The sample in the first poll was 1,057 adults, and it had a margin of sampling error of plus or minus three percentage points.
From June 2002 until the beginning of the Iraq war, the allies flew 21,736 sorties over southern Iraq and attacked 349 targets, including the cable stations.
''I was working 100 hours a week,'' he said.
Mr. Christie's remark was sly because he knows full well that he more than anyone else has led the revival.
But CBS officials acknowledged a sense of awe, if not shock, at the fury of the conservative response through cable news shows, radio talk shows and, most notably, the Internet.
In his letter, Mr. Own wrote that Libya ''has facilitated the bringing to justice of the two suspects charged with the bombing of Pan Am 103 and accepts responsibility for the actions of its officials.''
In the New York area, the hourlong programs are being broadcast on Wednesdays at 9 p.m. on WFUV-FM (90.7 on the dial) and will be carried later this year on WNYC-FM (93.9).
THE FLY SWATTER: Portrait of an Exceptional Character, by Nicholas Dawidoff.
Omnicom then spun off an agency called Berlin Wright Cameron.
These allow them to enjoy fresh air and natural light while keeping their dogs, Jack and Ynez, corralled indoors.
Is there a less cumbersome alternative?
A company spokesman, David Frail, said the changes did not affect Mr. Immelt's base salary of about $3 million.
But he said he was stunned at what he found in New Jersey.
Fred would, of course, do the imploring in Yiddish.
People come to Court Street on Christmas Eve for qualities that elude easy definition.
The chickens seem proud of it, too.
In the last three decades, we have seen a former B-movie actor in the White House, a former professional wrestler elected governor of Minnesota and now a bodybuilder-turned-actor on the threshold of the governorship of California -- not to mention a slew of scandals and political developments that once might have taxed the imagination of all but the most creative fantasists.
Let us consider, for example, the Small Bath Cabinet.
We mourn the death of our cherished oldest founding member, our beloved grande dame.
The Schering-Plough Corporation said yesterday that it would license patents on its ribavirin hepatitis C treatment to Three Rivers Pharmaceuticals to settle patent litigation between the companies.
Allied jets struck two Iraqi mobile surface-to-air missile systems located near Basra.
Within a year, it is expected to be responsible for 3,700 hours of high-definition programming annually.
Al Schackman, who played guitar in her backup group for four decades, said she had recently canceled a tour of Britain but had been planning a United States tour for this spring.
Congregation Shearith Israel, the Spanish and Portuguese Synagogue, mourns the loss of its devoted member and extends its deepest sympathy to her family.
They hit no one, but they caused a stir at the artillery command center because they went undetected on radar, suggesting they were fired from far away.
The Dupayne is small, family-owned and narrowly devoted to memorabilia of England between World War I and World War II.
'Whoever buys it has to redo the kitchen.''
To the Editor: Re ''Last-Minute Damage to the Environment'' (editorial, Dec. 12), about my amendment to stop states from adopting their own pollution standards for small engines: The California Air Resources Board's efforts to mandate superheated catalytic converters on lawn and garden tools used in dry grass and brush caused the California Fire Chiefs Association to declare on Nov. 6 that ''California does not need another way of igniting fires.''
Indeed, it puts MasterCard's debit transaction fees below Visa's for the first time, according to the lawyers.
Chris Taft, a 6-foot-9 forward at Xaverian, has grown tired of waiting for his team to win a league championship.
As the engine of that investment, Wall Street regularly booms and busts in advance of the rest of the country.
The runaway advantage has been called by some excessive, yet it yields a positive benefit.
Their daughter is now almost two.
Bank of America has already filed a criminal complaint in Italy in connection with the Parmalat case.
I planted some Dutch iris in the fall.
Further Questions for Discussion: –What was the “Cold War”?
The fight against terrorism means longer deployments, and many business owners -- grocer, banker, sandwich maker -- have banded together to offer discounts to military families who stay.
He also wrote as Julian L. Shapiro and as John B. Sanford.
Loving father of Vincent Q. and his wife Mary Ann and Nini and her husband Bart Tiernan.
''They both looked a lot better today,'' Sather said after Bure and Leetch participated in an optional morning skate.
The network filed for the injunction on Aug. 11.
When he points out that Wright incorporated his initials into the word ''Fallingwater,'' he notes: ''I have no evidence for this theory of name association, but one suggestion that I am on the right track is that my idea was appropriated by New Yorker writer Brendan Gill, who used it in his 'New York Life' after he heard me say it -- and got hold of my text -- at the 1986 Columbia University symposium on Fallingwater.''
OLD SCHOOL, by Tobias Wolff.
His job, though, has been more than just shutting down whichever receiver he covers.
Mr. Wilson, a Republican, is a chairman of the Schwarzenegger campaign.
Findings of Inspections to Date Let me summarize briefly a number of the findings that have resulted from our inspection activities thus far.
The Dark Ages Lighten Up Most of the jousting that takes place in Manhattan isn't something to applaud.
Giguère's shutout streak ended at 217:54, the fifth longest in N.H.L.
Ansar al-Islam is a terrorist group that was believed to have been broken up by American bombing in northeastern Iraq.
The stationmaster had been looking out for the dog and keeping it in his office, Ms. Talbot said, but had been told to get rid of him.
Consumers often find out about breaches to computers that contain their credit card numbers, their credit history or their Social Security numbers only if the problem is so widespread that there is no way to keep it under the radar.
Over all, though, the slowing of labor force growth will also slow economic growth, economists warn, restricting the resources that the country has to pay for new investments or wars.
The high price of what is usually called access technology would prevent people with functional vision from buying this device because less expensive devices with screens already exist.
Snapfish also offers basic photo editing tools.
In the 1950's, Helen joined the Music Education faculty at New York University, where she taught voice for 28 years.
The CNF retirees challenge several actuarial assumptions that CNF, a diversified transportation company, used.
In Basra today, rioting eased as British soldiers ferried in millions of gallons of fuel and restored electricity to large parts of the city.
Some people, most often women in business suits, look at her behind her box, well dressed and well fed, and roll their eyes.
''He's a very talented player,'' Thorn said.
TIESTO, the Roxy, 515 West 18th Street, Chelsea, (212) 645-5156.
But it determined that from August to November 2002, the names, addresses and orders of more than 560 customers had been available to anyone who figured out how to manipulate the online customer identification number and order number to call up customer records.
When it comes to good wine, you can't allow petty details to get in the way.
.5:10:31 25665 Wong, L, 34F .
bought the rights to the Hummer name from AM General and financed a new H2 factory next door to the Humvee and H1 plant.
15 2 *PARIS 1919, by Margaret MacMillan.
Noting that two of the three were at least 16 years old at the time of the assaults, he said that under the laws of their home state, New York, they would qualify as adults.
Now, he says, ''the impulse is there to return to a healthy cultural scene.
Why should our visual record contain memories that were less than perfect?
''I made a mistake,'' she says in a gravelly voice that fits perfectly with the Camel between her fingers.
Service Friday, July 18th, 1 P.M. at ''The Riverside'', 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.
''There's no communication,'' he said.
After breakfast at home (three egg whites, coffee) and morning phone calls, Ms. Tharp rehearsed with her company at City Center, from 12:30 to 4 p.m., for the next day's performance.
But -- and this is a significant exception -- to point out that good and important things were achieved in the past doesn't show why they matter now.
We've got things to do.
''I passed a shadowy lane, and I thought about you.''
The agency has yet to accept.
TIM CONBOY Queensbury, N.Y., July 31, 2003
Franklin Parrasch Gallery 20 West 57th Street, Manhattan Through Sept. 12 The people represented by Beverly Mayeri's sculptures look lost in thought.
My husband says the painting can no longer be considered a work by the original artist.
The company hired consultants and law firms in Washington in 2000 and 2001 to develop arguments against the treaty, most notably that it would conflict with global free trade rules.
Drinking coffee at the bar, as he does every afternoon after a marathon soak with the newspapers in his bath upstairs, he was trying as hard as he could to convey the impression that he was a grumpy old man.
The twice-told tale of relativity appears in a new way in Galison's book.
Serostim is used illegally by body builders and others to increase their muscle mass.
Because of an editing error, an article on Sunday about David Hicks, an Australian captured in Afghanistan and now being held at the American military base at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, referred imprecisely to his parents' communication with him.
The bass was white and flaky, served with two sauces on the side, a spicy sambal olek and a cooling blue cheese dip.
To the Editor, In the Coping column (''A Bittersweet Honor for a 9/11 Victim,'' Feb. 2), I was puzzled by the following comment: ''Despite promises that the new Council would deal with big issues, its powers have been so eroded that naming streets is one of the few areas of influence it has left.''
Susan told Gary she loved him for the first time here, in May 2000: ''Came up for 2 days ( & nights!)
Mr. Kerry, joined by a fellow veteran, Senator John McCain of Arizona, helped persuade President Bill Clinton to restore relations with Vietnam.
When officers arrived at the bar, Mr. Konstantides was getting into his vehicle, and when he saw them, he fled, the police said.
Amazon makes money with books in the United States and with its international operations, but it loses money on its hard goods in the United States.
Speeches were made, and each guest took home a vase filled with fresh roses.
But since it's old people we're talking about, we should remember that they are not alike.The one thing I hope we do have in common, though, is a sense of responsibility.
But a skeptical Iraqi public held out for photographs to be released.
In two southern provinces, local bar associations had dismissed corrupt judges and elected temporary replacements.
In addition to gas stations in New York City, Al Qaeda had also looked at water reservoirs, he said.
The researchers, who reported on their studies in the current issue of Nature, found that a peak in the algae bloom usually follows a peak in larvae production, so more of the earlier larvae risk starvation.
''Are five-minute talks before performances enough?
This time the duo's adventures take them from high-speed car chases in hot pursuit of thugs who have commandeered a trailer loaded with new cars to an explosive finale in which they take on a gang of heavily armed criminals at a Cuban villa.
He added that he was assuming the tax cuts would be front-loaded to provide as much as $150 billion in relief in the first two years, but he said the actual benefits this year were likely to run from $25 billion to $50 billion, a relatively small sum in a $10 trillion economy.
If this case makes it to trial, what is decided about this level of religious officials' responsibility will be highly significant.
Patent Donations Are Criticized Gregory Aharonian is intent on exposing what he says may turn out to be the next big tax accounting scandal: patent donations.
Estimate how much it would cost to make the product, including labor, materials, etc.
By Hour 3, the villages had tapered off into a forest.
That appears to be the case for advanced melanoma, a form of skin cancer, that has spread elsewhere in the body.
a quick, polite way of asking ''What did you say?''
The Treasury's schedule of financings this week comprises today's auction of three- and six-month bills and an auction tomorrow of four-week bills.
And some won praise for coping with disasters that most New Yorkers would never even imagine, like Steve Askew, who runs a sewage treatment plant in Harlem where the pump room had filled with with 40 feet of liquid sewage after the power failed.
The bride is a stepdaughter of Morton Okin.
Not too long after this, I was waiting in line in Tower Records in the Village when I stepped on the foot of the man in front of me, who was David Byrne of the Talking Heads.
CAROLINA -- Assigned G Daniel Boisclair to Greenville of the ECHL.
Inspired by the cabala, a medieval Jewish mystical interpretation of the Scriptures, he has integrated figures of demons, angels, high priests and such with arcane text.
Serving one slice of something is bad luck because the Japanese word for ''one piece'' can also mean ''kill someone,'' while the word for ''four'' can also mean ''death.''
Four years ago he had a minor stroke.
Other regulations remain in effect.
So did Chris Latham, an even longer forgotten outfielder, who had more hits against Minnesota than Jeter did.
''No one entered into this transition thinking this would be an easy process,'' said Deputy Mayor Dennis M. Walcott, whose portfolio includes education issues.
Phil Noblitt, a spokesman for the Blue Ridge Parkway, said on Tuesday that a redwood sign marking Cold Mountain Overlook near Mile Marker 412 on the parkway had been re-erected after temporary removal for refurbishing.
The air smelled tartly of not-quite-ripe autumnal fruit.
When Amina Lawal's daughter was born two years after she was divorced, Ms. Lawal was arrested for adultery and sentenced to death.
''But in addition you ought to be able to go outside and interact with the community, not be trapped inside your own property line.''
He and his government maintain that the troops serve a purely defensive role, mostly operating Patriot antimissile batteries.
Alas, it turns out that Mr. Schwarzenegger is soliciting money at such coming events as ''an intimate dinner with Arnold,'' restricted to V.I.P.
What was largely overlooked were the protests from the party that felt most threatened by the change: North Korea.
The rivalry heated up when the Tajik camp accused the chairman and his deputies of rewriting parts of the constitution without consultation and of ignoring their proposed amendments.
If you don't have two guys, you can't be a real contender.''
Mr. Ferris is the team's head coach.
Putting management of Iraq squarely in American hands will also help ensure that the United States won't finance its foreign policy goals inadequately, as it has in the past.
Hurlbert also said the main investigator in the case would testify.
Beth sent me her stories, and I loved them.''
They have provided studying, sunning and chatting space for generations of students.
'' A skier, she had always traveled to Colorado several times a year.
The communications workers and the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers again told their members at Verizon to report to work today, as they told them to do yesterday.
MSNBC is reshuffling its lineup again to clear the way for a star, so far unidentified, it hopes to introduce in prime time in the coming weeks, according to a memorandum made available yesterday.
I felt the way I did when Bill and I first moved to our house from Manhattan 12 years ago, when he suggested we install a home-security system.
The voluptuous forms and glowing colors of his late abstractions were inspired by memories of the landscape of his childhood, recalled in three breakthrough summers of drawing from nature on a northern Virginia farm belonging to Mougouch's family.
That is a stark difference from his overall production; Walker shot 38.8 percent from the floor and averaged 20.1 points over all this season.
After that he began to watch his diet.
The 1997 movie ''Wag the Dog'' had quite a plot.
The agency said the risk of new cancer cases linked to the dioxins was too small to require federal regulation.
That view is shared by many outside analysts.
''Over all, the market remains very healthy,'' he said.
For years, military buffs have examined where and how the Japanese army and navy went wrong.
Beloved husband of the late Concetta.
To this day, many ridicule the decision by the New Jersey Sports and Exposition Authority to build Giants Stadium atop a swamp.
But at a time when the governor is slashing programs to close a $5 billion budget shortfall, preferential treatment for the southern tier of the state has legislators from other regions crying foul, especially as the Norcross team infiltrates the north, collecting what they call ''friends'' who may be called on to return favors down the road.
Mr. Parsons reiterated a pledge to continue selling businesses and using cash flow to lower debt to about $20 billion by the end of next year But Time Warner still has at least one major financial hurdle ahead.
We will make you an effective environmental advocate in 10 minutes a month or less.''
He only makes the savory kind, with deliciously glossy, nearly black, fried onions, as a concession to his partner in the restaurant, Jeff Lefcourt.
''Just a desperation play,'' Schwab said.
Ms. Vasileff, the financial planner, said that before Connecticut passed its law last year, a divorced parent with no agreement about college would have to appeal to the other parent.
''We haven't faced a situation like this in more than 10 years,'' said Candee Swenson, superintendent of schools.
Afterward, Mr. Donohue's mother, Joan, said it was ''heart-wrenching'' to listen to her son's account.
(Rival services can transfer your music only to certain ''WMA-compatible'' players, which the iPod isn't.)
But the tigers will not spend their nights where they spend their mornings.
But its most important feature is an added chunk of exhibition space that allows representative samplings from all the museum's immense holdings to be on view.
This sensibility has shaped a ''Ghosts'' that left critics reeling in London, where the production was presented in early May.
''PULP ART: VAMPS, VILLAINS AND VICTORS FROM THE ROBERT LESSER COLLECTION,'' Brooklyn Museum of Art, 200 Eastern Parkway, at Prospect Park, (718) 638-5000 (through Oct. 19).
That is 8.4 percent less than Harbor National's closing price of $14.50 on Wednesday, when the shares last traded.
Agent Orange, which American forces sprayed from planes to clear Vietcong jungle havens in South Vietnam and parts of Cambodia, has been associated with other cancers, diabetes and birth defects.
Her vocation thus resolved, she began singing on a Canadian radio show called ''Meet Gisele'' in 1946, her popularity earning her the informal title of Canada's first lady of song.
Beyond that, however, his doctors have thrown up their hands as to exactly what he may have breathed, where he breathed it and how the strange and scattered dots of his medical odyssey should be connected.
''He's got a real aggressive, bulldog-type approach,'' Duquette said.
Age 75 of McLean, VA on September 4, 2003.
The new buildings are part of a larger development that will rise on the site formerly occupied by the amusement area and will include more stores and restaurants as well as 320 rental apartments.
He'd set up the klieg lights and convinced the owner of the community theater to drive his Mercedes convertible up and down the street like at a Hollywood opening.''
Once, Auriemma believed that coaching was responsible for all the victories.
Last summer, we were reduced to keeping a huge water gun on the deck, a Super Soaker, and shooting the squirrels right off the feeders.
''I'm here with my daughter, I'm here with a beautiful woman,'' he said.
Later that day, the deputy reported that she had heard Mr. Malvo say, ''I would like to cut her throat'' and then laugh.
Indeed, if it was a sense of failure that nudged de Staël towards suicide, this show suggests it was more existential than artistic.
Mr. Gartner said the commission was uncertain whether the election could be moved to June without legislative approval.
TO analyze the data further, Professor Baks borrowed some statistical techniques that economists use when measuring the relative contributions that capital and labor make in producing a company's output.
''I mean, the only thing that would have been more inappropriate is if I leaned over and used my father's forehead to steady myself as I signed.''
'' The new campaign will emphasize that grapefruit juice is fat-free, hydrating and packed with nutrients.
To receive that standing, investment banks and funds must have assets under management of at least $10 billion and must have at least $50 million to invest in Class A shares and bonds.
His treacherous spin doctor, Frank (Neal McDonough), is a glowering piece of duplicitous yuppie scum.
''We had just moved to this great big house, Mrs. Otis said.
This season's trendy picks Auburn and North Carolina State -- have failed to outlast the knock-off Gucci bags found on street corners across New York City.
This ''privatization'' will help make the company more accountable and therefore more suitable for privatization, they say.
Although Mobil paid Mr. Giffen's fee, he was working for the Kazakh government and not Mobil, according to the company, which was acquired by Exxon in 1999.
Other, more modest festivals, nomads' horse racing and assorted religious ceremonies take place periodically through spring and summer.
As soon as you arrest someone, you lose a very important source of information.''
For instance, he found that Atlantic, Bergen, Monmouth, Morris, Ocean and Somerset counties were known for good relations between municipal and county officials --but that Essex, Hudson, Mercer and Passaic have enjoyed less success in linking hands.
In two preseason games, Robertson, who has played about 40 snaps, has assisted on one tackle.
You mind if I play it?''
.3:27:22 2107 Marrone, D, 36M .
Abstracted images of places and things -- Islamic architecture; painted directional markings on Japanese streets; ocean swells after a storm -- have clear connections to her drawings and reflect an artist who broke with essentialist ideas of what Indian art should look like, engaged with the advanced international art of her day, and left a deeply personal body of work (Cotter).
The Ancell School of Business, an 89,615-square-foot building, was erected by the state in 1982; its $600,000 endowment was provided by Nathan Ancell, founder of the Ethan Allen furniture stores.
Mr. Duhalde sought to allay those concerns on Friday after meeting with international election observers, telling voters to ''discount the possibility there will be problems'' because ''we have a transparent system'' that will allow ballots to be cast in ''peace and tranquillity.''
For the study, a body mass index of 18.5 to 24.9 was considered normal.
Visibly moved as she recalled Priscilla's connection to her family's past, Audrey V. McCoskey, a great-great-granddaughter of George and Priscilla Rhinehart, the boat's original owners, said the restoration and relaunching ceremony brought back a lot of memories for her entire family, all of whom grew up around boats.
''What we are witnessing today is a clash between two economic systems, one dominant, the other subordinate,'' she says.
The Giants won the first two, the Yankees the last five.
He is the son of Adrienne and Ted Elsberg of Woodmere, N.Y. His father retired as the president of two unions in New York for principals and other public school administrators: the Council of Supervisors and Administrators, and the American Federation of School Administrators.
So there's the idea that if she doesn't wear a dress, she's the groom.
In his version of the tale, Carabosse is not evil, but a benign spirit who leads Rachel Sattler, as the ballet's heroine, from a repressive court environment into a realm of freedom, symbolized by a disco.
Aynaoui pins his popularity to a match that he lost, a five-setter at this year's Australian Open.
He often shopped at a Gristede's around the corner from Miss Hepburn's town house on East 49th Street.
''I thought he had a little plumbing business or something.''
The former chairman, Tower C. Snow, led nearly two dozen lawyers early last summer to join Clifford Chance, a British firm that previously did not have an office in San Francisco.
At the last minute, the governor loped in, demanding a changed formula that would have given him, not the mayor, the upper hand in spending the cash.
Of the six independent teams that produced plans for the World Trade Center site during the study project, all but two involved collaboration between individual offices.
Columbia University extends its profound sympathy to his wife, Susan Garner, and their children, Deirdre Garner McCormack & Andrew John McCormack.
Motorola believes that the control computer could be programmed to soften and quiet the action of the solenoids.
Images shot by Ben Speth will be shown throughout the evening on a large screen covering the back of the stage and framed by a brush of leaves -- an apt setting for this fractured fairy tale about nature.
He professes not to like history yet he does appreciate the sturdy hand-hewn beams and old-world workmanship of the Wright-Reis Homestead.
The little lemon tart is like a burst of sunshine, with a good, buttery crust and an intense lemon filling.
''And this is a big town.''
It's not just Augusta; it's the pay gap, the glass ceiling.''
Home Depot cites safety and liability issues.
Torn between country and children.
To determine whether it was worth the effort, I tried several software packages using both of the main operating systems for hand-helds -- Palm OS and Microsoft PocketPC -- and three different palmtops with varying features and prices.
The bridegroom, who is known as Ron, is a portfolio manager in the investment management division of Value Line, the investment advisers in New York.
Luckily Mr. McHenry grew up memorizing Mr. Haden's music, and this could be an important moment for a bright, rising talent.
Certain boats, though, are well known for churning through crews.
Wheelchair access -- Side door.
Yes, the group still sounds a bit (or a lot) like Stereolab, but Stereolab fans probably won't complain.
.4:52:11 21316 Tyrrell, A, 38M .
It was among a large selection of Welles-related material and had carried an estimate of $300,000 to $400,000.
The contracts are for gas supplies, storage and transport, Mirant said.
And it is quite an undertaking.
Dr. Baden explained that after a stabbing, scar tissue could build and the intestines could wrap themselves around the tissue, constricting the flow of arterial blood.
They haven't changed their mind, the United Kingdom intelligence people.''
53, loving, beloved daughter of Jean and the late Stanley Rosenberg, sister of Richard, died on May 8, 2003.
Although they initially believed that he had been killed in a bombing raid during the war, C.I.A.
''A little more like Japanese than European people, but they are not green,'' he said.
But otherwise, no matter how crucial and early the support, or personal the relationship, artists start to feel restless.
Any possible Syrian military reaction was ruled out.
A theme from bait shop to bait shop: never believe a fisherman's account of fish size unless the fish is officially weighed and measured.
Asked if there was a chance of the United States Open facing a player revolt this year, Miles answered, ''No, this commitment to a process means our focus is on the discussions.''
It's an odd performance by Mr. Duvall, with foreshadowings of Tom Hanks's ''Forrest Gump.''
In a report issued last year, the comptroller determined that $634 million was owed to the city for unpaid environmental violations.
Guests said Mr. Schayes, who advertised his longing for love before television cameras all over the world, is not the publicity hound he might seem.
Deloitte said it had been told by prosecutors that it was not a target of the investigation but that some of its employees might be called as witnesses if the inquiry results in criminal charges.
But he ducked many questions, causing one member of Congress to suggest that Mr. Bulger suffered from ''selective memory loss.''
''You'll find the same thing in France or Holland or most other European countries,'' said Riky Stock, director of the German Book Office in New York, who provided the figures.
Dr. Curfman said that in his 17 years at the journal, it has had to retract perhaps four or five articles.
.4:50:32 20837 Fursland, J, 27M .
Suppose instead of being fixed by theory, it was random from universe to universe.
It has nothing to do with Dallas's no-smoking laws.
More than 90 percent of asbestos injury claimants suing the unit and ABB, one of Europe's largest electrical engineering companies, have agreed to ABB's plan to create a trust to pay claims.
He found it lacking in ambition, so the delay is welcome.
Days later, in a salacious take on the latest scandal involving the government's purchase of Russian fighter jets, he chose a front-page cartoon of corrupt Indonesian politicians entertaining Russian bar girls.
Botox, a product of Allergan in Irvine, Calif., lasts three to six months and costs an average of $400 a treatment.
Though unused to much in the way of government services, most Afghans are well aware of a world with piped water, dependable electricity and easy access to telephones.
Many people cried, some made the sign of the cross and a few danced.
And if the voice on ''All of This'' sounds a bit like Robert Smith (from the Cure), don't blame the band -- it's really him.
When Coach Bill Parcells signed him as a free agent in 1998, he rushed 369 times.
There were a few women in the store, not that the men noticed.
One Cuban agent stationed on Key West persuaded his handlers to let him move in with his girlfriend, a massage therapist, after arguing that he would save on expenses.
Butch Wing, director of the Silicon Valley Project for Rainbow/PUSH, intervened on Mr. Jones's behalf in 2000 to work out a crucial technology agreement with Nintendo.
He said that all 70 of the state's prisons track workers' compensation claims properly, and he accused the auditors of withholding information about which prisons were not vigilant about tracking claims.
Indeed, in interviews at several plants, workers said that fear of punishment, and sometimes firing, had taught them to keep injuries -- even deeply painful ones -- secret whenever they could.
The initial ratings success of ''The Simple Life,'' Fox's show starring the feckless rich kids Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie, all but predicts the next take on the reality shows that are dominating television programming.
The two were sent to trial during some of the bloodiest days in the Big Easy, when people were getting shot in the streets of the French Quarter for their leather jackets and there was a homicide practically every day.
But it reported capital and reserves of 8.6 billion euros.
The top-tier job market in Argentina ''has become very restricted,'' said Hernán Repetto, who left his job as chief operating officer of the cable television company Multivision, in Buenos Aires, in 1999, at the beginning of the crisis, to become president of TV Cidade, a cable channel based in São Paulo, Brazil.
Even before it, some intellectuals argued that Osama bin Laden was really an American double agent who organized the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks in complicity with the C.I.A.
Part lunch counter, part family dining room, these taquerias, serving mostly antojitos, or little street delicacies, have become an essential component of Mexican culture in New York City.
Imax Dome Theater: ''Jane Goodall's Wild Chimpanzees.''
Five Arabs have been shot dead by the Israeli security forces.
But Hornish has received more praise for his performance with inferior equipment this year than he did while winning the previous two championships.
Wilkens had one season left on his contract with the Raptors, who reached what the team called ''a mutual agreement that concludes Wilkens's coaching tenure with the team.''
At least three people died as a direct result of the blackout, including two elderly women who fell down stairs in separate incidents and another who died from burns caused when a candle set her clothes on fire.
''We didn't come from parents with money,'' he said, and it cost 80 or 90 cents to get in.
Other people have to carry the message, because marketing executives will never use the word ''tough'' -- or any tough words at all.
''I kind of lost myself,'' Weaver said.
Its efforts have helped it attract more buyers of trucks and Cadillacs, whose profit margins are higher than mass-market brands.
This medium, called interactive book readers, was introduced five years ago by LeapFrog with its LeapPad ($40, www.leapfrog.com) and has matured to the point that it is being used in some school districts to replace or supplement traditional textbooks.
Wake Forest students tried, and failed, to topple the goal posts at Groves Stadium after the victory Saturday, but later they did manage to toilet-paper the campus in celebration.
I am particularly fond of some of the performances Ms. Kourlas mentioned, but why pit them against the thousands of others in the city?
The men, who are both black, poked fun at welfare mothers, Caribbean immigrants and other blacks who favored reparations for slavery.
No soldiers were wounded by the gunfire, but three soldiers were hurt by stones thrown at them, said Squadron Leader Lynda Sawers, a spokeswoman for the British military.
My decision to continue the series after 9/11 was hard.
He will begin to answer the question Sept. 7, when the Panthers open the season at home against Jacksonville.
But Mr. Alexander, a bearlike, weather-beaten man with doleful blue eyes and rumpled khakis, is no mere curmudgeon.
A few days later she congratulated the father on learning a new sport.
For their part, Republicans insist the Democrats' tactic may backfire with voters because of the negative tone of the ads.
''I truly think those trees cushioned them and saved their lives,'' Ms. Campbell said.
A little later he added that city agencies would have to be more efficient.
They're one of the best teams in the N.H.L.''
''We all got drunk with excitement,'' Willie Carrasco, the school's soccer coach, said.
Or order one of the juiciest steak frites in the city.
Dr. Lawrence Krauss, the astrophysicist from Case Western who had organized the conference and recruited the panel, characterized the anthropic principle as ''a way of killing time'' when physicists didn't have a better idea.
The blaze on Feb. 18 in Taegu, South Korea's third largest city, gutted Mr. Choi's train and another train that arrived at the station a few minutes later.
EVELYN RUDIE Santa Monica, Calif.
Karen Williams, author of the pro-employee decision, spent more time arguing Scollon's case than Thompson did.
Also, gas masks and antibiotics do not provide protection against what many experts say are the most likely of terrorist attacks -- snipers, suicide bombers and car bombs.
The United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit, in Boston, held that the law, which does not require proof of malice, violated the First Amendment in cases involving public officials and public figures.
Instead, Admiral Fargo underscored that the United States needed to work with regional allies like Japan, South Korea, China and Russia to help defuse the mounting crisis with North Korea, which is on course to expand its nuclear arsenal.
China, several officials said, was embarrassed by the failure of the Beijing meeting, since Chinese leaders had worked hard to set it up and had high hopes.
SHAPIRO--Milton S. Milton's wisdom and insight overflowed into the lives of all those with whom he came into contact.
They met at a junior high school air-hockey table in the Bronx when they were 13.
And any suggestion to the contrary is brushed aside.
MARCH 13: Mozart's ''Don Giovanni.''
Everything for Tampa Bay in its opener seemed to be a snap.
''We in this council should not still be dealing with this issue,'' he said.
''You're not weakening the museum's collection, but rather strengthening it, getting rid of something of less importance when there are better examples.''
So, apart from being a ridiculous sum to pay for subpar performance and chicanery, what is $35.2 billion?
Based on his 2002 calendar, Ward tried to break down his work as chief executive, listing 19 separate activities and the number of occasions he was involved in each of them.
But it's plenty, and it adds a welcome note of dissonance to a fluffy stretch in New York art.
After a Nets victory last month, Joumana and her NBA TV crew were interviewing Jason in the hallway, an odd blurring of journalistic lines.
Introducing the politically minded punk band the Clash, Tom Morello, the guitarist for Rage Against the Machine and Audioslave, said, ''Whenever people take to the streets to stop an unjust war, the spirit of the Clash is definitely there.''
Dalloway,'' and for many of the same reasons.
Demoralized by suicidal terrorism, continuing insurrection and international condemnation, ''we need Haredim to serve as representatives of the 'old' Jew, pathetic and debauched, that the rest of us have superseded.
Each child must be accompanied by an adult.
The panel consisted of three regulars -- Amanda Hesser, Eric Asimov and me.
The company agreed to pay $400 million under the settlement, which bars its chairman and chief executive, Sanford I. Weill, from communicating with its stock analysts about the companies they cover unless a lawyer is present.
The new universities must be proposed by at least three A.C.C.
The phenomenon has been derided on some Jewish Web sites as ''McMysticism.''
''Just as the window guard law is designed to protect children before they fall out a window, this law is designed to protect children before they are exposed to lead.''
Also survived by one sister Betty Ross and three brothers Paul Gabriel, Jr., Steve Gabriel and S.G. Gabriel and five grandchildren, Darcy, Hillary, Courtney, Charlotte (Charlie) and Matthew Gabriel.
''Yeah, I should be taking the class,'' said Mr. Drexler, as he prepared for a snowboard run at the Mount Baker Ski Area near Glacier, about three hours north of Seattle.
.5:25:18 28271 Marschall, I, 37F .
Mizban Khadr Hadi, the other man arrested, was also a member of the Revolutionary Command Council and the military commander during the war for the area that included the Shiite holy cities of Najaf and Karbala.
Last summer, he was commissioned to design a $2 billion transportation hub at the World Trade Center site.
''We don't want to leave anything untried.''
But six people, some of whom apparently collapsed in the stairwell's blackness before they could reach the open door, died.
The program has many prominent educators among its boosters.
KATHRYN JUDGE Stanford, Calif., Oct. 27, 2003
The other reason is that it is not easy to imagine any American soldiers willingly standing around for an hour surrounded by angry Iraqis in a narrow street flanked by two-story homes that could be presumed to contain AK-47's.
The usual Times Square hordes dissolved into gentle groups.
The Yankees did move forward on other fronts yesterday.
Is the money handout fair to public education?
The lobster pot pies come frozen and need to be thawed overnight in the refrigerator before baking.
These tips, from the readers of Cook's Illustrated magazine, have been assembled into a book, ''The Best Quick Kitchen Tips'' (Boston Common Press, $19.95).
Some Democratic leaders in California and across the country, pessimistic about Gov.
Here, we simply cannot accept the government's position that the executive branch possesses the unchecked authority to imprison indefinitely any persons, foreign citizens included, on territory under the sole jurisdiction and control of the United States, without permitting such prisoners recourse of any kind to any judicial forum, or even access to counsel, regardless of the length or manner of their confinement.
''The countries, such as China, are very reluctant to ship specimens out to western countries,'' said Heiner Dreismann, the president of Roche Molecular Systems.
''David Diehl's been in there, and he has played very well, so I don't worry about him,'' Fassel said.
BUTTERCUP BAKE SHOP -- 973 Second Avenue (51st Street), (212) 350-4144.
One such book was published 13 years ago by the theologian John M. Hull, who went blind in his 40's.
Boxed in by wide strokes that simultaneously obliterate and emphasize the frame, interior parts read as broadly abstracted landscapes, sunsets or rooms.
After the four-hour hearing, Judge Anderson granted the girl's request.
The adult's preprogrammed response was to proceed to the next question.
''I like David Wells, but I didn't know that he was so saintly.
Walk 10 steps into any airport, and you feel yourself sucked into a kind of placelessness, a modular nightmare of function over form that ends only with your subsequent ejection into a different city.
He also said federal prosecutors had not informed Mr. Galardi that he was a target or a subject of any investigation.
The devaluation lowers labor and other costs.
When she asked Kelly whether her real household skills were a disappointment, she says he answered: ''What I want is what I have -- you -- to pick flowers and read by the fireplace and sing around the house -- my little white dove with the burnished feathers that wakes up every morning smiling.''
The governor said there are only about 600 Koreans left working in the camps, mostly in logging.
Linda W. Brashear, an executive assistant in the corporation, said yesterday that only one of the six towns, Jefferson Township, had formally approved the hunt.
But this was not enough for some of the party's social conservatives.
They didn't imagine themselves teachers of creative writing who would turn out the occasional slim volume; they saw themselves as the heirs to, and the equals of, Yeats and Eliot.
Rochambeau's army camped for two days in the fields behind the North Salem Academy, now Town Hall.
That Arabs are culturally incapable of self-government.
Every few minutes, staccato bursts of new information came in over the radio.
His goal is to provide treatment for two million people and prevent another seven million from becoming infected.
But this year, for the first time in almost a decade, the Department of Education reduced those deductions, even though state taxes have recently gone up, not down.
It shares the same husband-and-wife owners, Jack and Grace Lamb, and it is tiny, but that's where the resemblance ends.
Sair Babury could see that his customers were a bit more cranky, a bit more sluggish, but also feeling a bit better about themselves and their city than on a typical Monday.
He does easily capture the former mayor's walk, gestures and attitudes, but at times Mr. Woods seems so pleased with himself and so thrilled with the chance to embody his hero that he makes Mr. Giuliani unpleasantly smug.
Apple's lost $8 million, or 2 cents a share.
Ms. Brune said the association could not comment on the earlier home.
agent who had recruited her as an informer, and that she had passed on information culled from Mr. Smith.
''My feeling now is more or less what it was then, that he took the lesser of two risks.''
''We had the game,'' he said.
Rabbi Yitzhak Kaduri, the holy man of unknown but tremendous age, was scheduled to visit the Hall of Moses synagogue and then a candlelit graveyard in this Tel Aviv suburb tonight for a rally that mixed mystic ritual with all the grit of Chicago ward politics.
Mr. Gillette lived aboard the boat for five years while his home was being built.
Lewis irked Chargers running back LaDainian Tomlinson during the week by saying Baltimore linebacker Ray Lewis was going to dominate him.
General Hayden also explained that he knew what N.S.A.
Just then, a convoy of Humvees arrived and began to push through the crowd, agitating the demonstrators further, witnesses said.
Columns: Paul Krugman, Nicholas D. Kristof.
agent whose children were about to marry each other.
The contracting financial, law and professional service firms lease about 68 percent.
(You could say that Billy flattens his friends; Cantor, with his ceaseless psychological probing, restores depth and heft.)
As for me, I'm thinking it's time to do controlled experiments.
The combination of winds blowing to the south with the rotation of the earth produces a force that pushes the warm surface water westward, away from shore.
Perhaps fittingly, a recent posting to the Web site complained about its existence.
A more reasonable conclusion is that the increasing scale and violence of the attacks indicate the failure of our policies.
And while credentials often carry the day in the legal field, Mr. Morandi of Schneider Legal Search suggests that job seekers can attract a recruiter's attention if they have established themselves as an expert in their field.
Protective aprons, safety boots and face shields were no longer stocked and readily available.
I believe in the innate ability of Americans to survive.
The entire Roisen and Kwiat family mourns the passing of Alice Roisen's beloved brother, Symon Ferman, who passed away April 25th after a prolonged illness.
By the fall of 1997, Ms. Bae, who had graduated from Princeton, arrived in Manhattan to take a job writing for a dot-com company.
But suddenly, it seems as if the Democratic presidential candidate will not have the night alone.
Parcells, though, has perfected a new paradigm for elite coaches: the tough-talking, fear-engendering field boss who jumps from one franchise to another, transforming teams from pushovers into powerhouses.
''After listening to the news, I probably would have waited to take this trip.''
Last year, Sergio Pappatico of Patagonia-Argentina.com, a Buenos Aires online travel agency, was selling four nights among Patagonia's stunning glaciers and forests for $1,400.
A6 President Bush said the United States was making ''good progress'' in Iraq as a 24-page report was released asserting that the American-led occupation had improved the lives of Iraqi citizens and the safety and security of the rest of the world.
But I think he was perfectly satisfied with the explanation.
Although Torre said Steinbrenner's wishes had nothing to do with his decisions, Torre did give José Contreras a spot in the rotation on Sunday, as Steinbrenner requested through the news media last week.
A picture must be worth more than 1,000 pages of brain-teasing prose.
The law outlaws so-called ''partial-birth abortions,'' which it defines as a procedure in which the provider ''deliberately and intentionally vaginally delivers a living fetus'' until either the head or the body up to the navel is ''outside the body of the mother'' and then kills it.
''Some of my patients don't want to see a specialist because of the stigma of depression.''
It was the 17th N.C.A.A.
In many ways what happened is similar to what happened in the fall of 1987, when the purchase of portfolio insurance exacerbated the slide in stock prices.
Straw buyers are recruited in states like Ohio that do not have limitations on the number of guns that can be bought per day.
Environmentalists expect emissions to increase, arguing that the important comparison is what is now coming out of the aging Catskill plant (14 million pounds per year) and the potential at the new plant (19.6 million pounds).
It's not just an inner-city problem either.
The campaign, which began last year with a budget of $125 million, was created by Saatchi & Saatchi in New York, part of the Publicis Groupe, and carries the theme ''Verb, it's what you do.''
Ottawa finished the regular season with the second-most-efficient power play in the N.H.L.
Two works deal directly with human predicaments.
Bill enjoyed travel, boating, golf and spending time with his family.
There would be an error soon enough, when Zeile could not handle Willie Bloomquist's grounder as a shattered bat bounced toward him.
'' A fondness for risk, or at least a tolerance for it, is unquestionably helpful.
Mr. George, 51, a producer for QPTV, the Queens public access television station, has two federal lawsuits pending against developers and New York City, and he has presented a majestic forest of paperwork to government agencies.
It is with profound sorrow that The Mount Sinai Alumni mourns the passing of our esteemed friend and colleague.
Still another, and less likely, is that mutant strains of the virus have developed and are escaping detection or causing milder cases.
A widower said, ''You always know where the footprints are.''
Corey Elise Keller, the daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Barry R. Keller of New Haven, is to be married today to Craig Eugene Kolb, the son of Dr. and Mrs. Charles E. Kolb of Bedford, Mass.
Similarly, a locally run regional development bank may now make sense for the Middle East.
Recent hints of running water, modern volcanism and a molten core have only increased its appeal, suggesting that Mars may now be geologically alive and able to support life.
Residents of Edgemont are within a short drive of at least of five supermarkets, in Scarsdale or on Central Park Avenue nearby, Mrs. Sommers noted.
Hatten followed the script and launched a shot as the buzzer sounded.
In 1997, she appeared on Geraldo Rivera's television program to analyze a videotape of JonBenet Ramsey in a children's beauty contest.
Valerie C. Lorenz, Ph.D., the executive director of the Compulsive Gambling Center in Baltimore, said athletes and compulsive gamblers shared some of the same personality characteristics.
What I should do -- send her Taiwan, school for bad girls?''
Freeholder-Director Jeffrey Nash of Camden County called that idea unrealistic.
The bill is meant to give the state attorney general's office a paper trail to detect the existence of any abusive practices, which could mean litigation under the federal anti-bias law.
''Kathy,'' the only subject shot outdoors (in a bird sanctuary), lies seductively posed across rocks, her bikini-clad body deployed like an Ingres nude.
Or even the ''Brady Bunch,'' for that matter?)
Not even Gray Davis has to put up with this.
(One magazine recently suggested that Mr. Timberlake had aspirations.)
The company then encourages consumers to serve its pot roast tonight.
''But unless someone is really militant about their name, they are still going to say, 'we love the name and you will too.'''
The vote was 302 to 17, with 13 abstentions, but almost all opposition members had left the 630-seat Chamber of Deputies in protest at the time of the vote.
Lawrence B. Sorrel, a co-head of the private investing business at Thomas Weisel Partners, said the firm was interested in Key3Media because it is ''a fundamentally sound company that has been hurt by its capital structure and the declines in the I.T.
''I would dare say that even Bill Gates's financial picture may have been dampened a bit over the last couple of years,'' Mr. Kerekes said.
Morley, Inc. You are missed.
Walker, 27, is rated highly by Major League Soccer, which controls the contracts of all players in the league.
In a series where the Lakers' role players were almost nonexistent before Game 3, Horry, Fisher and George combined for 40 points to provide a complement for the efforts of O'Neal and Bryant.
Canal Plus; its parent company, Vivendi Universal; and other studios declined to comment.
No, I think unionization is a marker for legitimate concerns about the larger health of Ph.D. education, and there is also this conception that unions are somehow ennobling, but to take that to the conclusion that an Ivy League graduate student researching Edmund Spenser is to be identified with a sanitation worker makes no sense.''
They can't take the darkness anymore.''
''Often there's a tag on the bottle that says in really big letters 'Enjoy,' and in little letters, which you really don't read, it says, 'If you consume this bottle there will be a $4.50 charge.'''
He had kept in touch with Mike Spindler, the director of Pleasantville, and after struggling to meet the debt on his own, Mr. Hodge approached him for help.
A schoolteacher took over the city administration of Umm Qasr.
To make the most of the first sale day, a commentator on RTL gave female listeners the following advice today: Make a precise list of desired purchases; don't shop with your mother, husband or children; wear sensible shoes; think before buying.
He objected to what he called Mr. Lukashenko's heavy-handedness with Belarussian society and contended that freedoms, hard-won during the struggles of the late 1980's and early 1990's, were being taken away.
Fortunately, the two missiles fired at an Israeli charter jet missed their target.
Worried that the song was too long to be played by D.J.
With a $44.5 billion pot and lots of unpopular taxes and cuts on the table, the two sides are constantly tipping their hands early to shift credit and blame.
She politely answered: ''I already have.
Families with incomes lower than $10,500 will also not receive the refund checks.
Her three top-20 hits -- ''Higher and Higher,'' ''We're All Alone'' and ''The Way You Do the Things You Do'' -- are included along with three numbers associated with Peggy Lee; ''Fever,'' ''Black Coffee'' and ''Hallelujah I Love him So.''
And Diz is out there smiling.''
''Local and federal law enforcement must build on positive relationships and address any remaining impediments to full cooperation if they are to truly succeed in carrying out their new mandates,'' it said.
In the technique, a computer analyses single brain scans taken over time and generates three-dimensional videos.
But what I learned from her that day forever after influenced my reading of García Márquez, often in useful counterweight to other prevailing ideas about how to read him that I would hear later.
Earlier Sunday, after catching a touchdown pass, Bengals receiver Chad Johnson, who has been fined by the league for excessive celebrations after scoring, pulled out a sign he had hidden in a snowdrift that said, ''Dear NFL, PLEASE don't fine me AGAIN!!!!!''
It took only 45 minutes after Saddam Hussein was reported to be meeting in a Baghdad neighborhood for the Air Force to bomb the building.
career and hadn't realized she's ''a hell of a shot with an AK-47,'' as a classmates at the C.I.A.
.5:21:31 27673 Logan, L, 43F .
Then, two weeks into training camp, a shooting pain coursed through Kuehl's right arm.
''We have to make the U.S.-Mexico relationship, the Fox-Bush relationship, a demonstrable success story,'' Mr. Castañeda said in an interview last year.
is ready to solve the nuclear issue through negotiations on condition that the U.S. recognizes the D.P.R.K.
The issue of cargo security has become increasingly contentious on Capitol Hill.
The two flood-weary residents stand in sharp contrast with Stephen Fybish, who lives on the Upper West Side.
But Eliot Spitzer, the attorney general, said yesterday that change was needed.
Bake in a 350-degree oven for 10 minutes.''
Hospitals went on what one official called ''war footing,'' as ward after ward filled with bloodied victims, most of them men, ranging in age from as young as 4 to 70.
Stephen Kaye was just getting going.
Mr. Pilgrim and Mr. Baxter lost their jobs last week in the industrywide investigation of improper mutual fund trading Old Mutual said in a statement yesterday that Mr. Pilgrim, 63, and Mr. Baxter, 57, will receive $58.3 million from a revenue-sharing agreement negotiated in March 2002.
I quickly put two and two together, apologized, and hurriedly returned to the corner to meet my real date, who had witnessed the entire episode.
Marvel Enterprises Inc., publisher of the ''Spider-Man'' and ''X-Men'' comics, said earnings for the second quarter rose almost fourfold as ''The Hulk'' and other new movies increased sales.
Stapleton acknowledged the racial significance of his appointment.
The Howard family doctor took 16-millimeter color movies of Seabiscuit's triumphant final race, the Santa Anita Handicap, in 1940, which were blended with color newsreels.
In the Imax Theater, ''Bears,'' ''Kilimanjaro: To the Roof of Africa'' and ''Pulse: A Stomp Odyssey''; show times available by phone.
''We're going to look for answers, and we'll let the facts fall where they may,'' he said.
Senator Charles E. Grassley, the Iowa Republican who is the most influential senator on tax legislation, said this week that at least two constituents recently told him that they had received the Verizon mailing about the proposed dividend cut.
If I'm the American public, and it is I, then no opinion poll, however probing, can drill down into the tar pit of emotions churning and steaming at my core and dredge up a representative sample of anything.
She's not playing piano anymore, but on her new record, ''May the Music Never End'' (Verve, to be released next week), her singing is as slow and rhythmically shrewd as ever.
''We're much better off than we were some time ago,'' Mr. Hutchinson said.
Mr. Warren estimates Eleven's revenues will rise to $6 million this year -- equivalent to $40 million in ''billings,'' the measure of performance favored by the industry -- from $4.9 million last year and $3.8 million in 2001.
On the other end of the star spectrum is Minnesota's second-leading scorer, Wes Walz, who has seven goals and six assists.
Mr. Young wanted to get the songs on tape, so he contacted Crazy Horse.
''Cleo is a strong, intelligent person who just happens to be handicapped,'' she said.
All five of these people operate in the territory of high culture.
He has impressively harnessed that trick for the stage here, conveying the tumult and import of the French Revolution through a low-key romantic triangle.
The goal for comedians was to get a spot on NBC's ''Tonight'' show starring Johnny Carson, and Mr. Miller appeared on that show many times.
The arsenal's roost was once thought to be among the largest in the east, with more than 1,300 birds.
The five years since have been a constant, pitched battle.
Emeril Lagasse's newest venture, Tchoup Chop (pronounced chop chop), at the Royal Pacific Resort, 6300 Hollywood Way, (407) 503-2467, has an indoor waterfall.
Patrick McSorley, who had accused the Rev.
Richard D. Hastings, chief economist at Cyber Business Credit, a retail advisory firm in New York, says that consumers have already begun curtailing their spending, and that he expects them to keep cutting back in the coming months.
''He doesn't really call just to chat.''
The battle between the city slicker and the violent ex-jailbird who wants his house back becomes a primal male struggle, fraught with sexual paranoia (Holden).
Tickets: $40 to $60 (Dunning).
After the conference, he left for Washington, where he hoped to sell the plan to both the S.E.C.
''By no means did I intend to hurt anyone, nor were the statements racially motivated.
All their monologues are miniature portraits, caricatures so insightfully written that they turn into gem-hard character studies.
Admission: Tuesdays through Thursdays, $5, $4 for students and those 62-plus, $1 for children; Fridays and Saturdays, $8, $7 for students and those 62-plus, $4 for children; Sundays, $12; members, free.
''She has two broken legs, she has a broken neck, both her legs are in braces, she's in a lot of pain,'' Mr. Kliegerman said after the hearing.
What had I been thinking, packing a flashlight in July for a vacation 160 miles above the Arctic Circle?
Mr. Walker launched The Dullest Blog in the World last November, posting it at www.wibsite.com, a Christian site he maintains when he's not busy as a youth worker at Holy Trinity Church, serving an Anglican congregation in Cookham, 25 miles west of London.
Some of the best vineyards in Europe had been devastated, and wine shipments had virtually come to a halt.
Alongside them -- and in some cases looking just like them -- were white, brown and black Jeffersons, descended from the children that the nation's third president is now presumed to have fathered with his slave mistress, Sally Hemings.
First, deflation, which is more newsworthy than the other two possibilities, inflation and stagnation, because few brokers alive today sold apples on Wall Street for a nickel.
''I felt this would bring back premier tennis to the club and publicize the club that had, over the years, lost some of its luster.''
Lofton was presented by his son, David, who said his father stood for excellence.
The St. Sophia Camp, a Greek Orthodox religious retreat in the Waterman Canyon, had been closed because officials believed it was vulnerable to flash flooding and mudslides since the fall wildfires denuded the canyon walls above it, said Rev.
It's not like I came from a family of lawyers.
Admiral Early said the committee had promised to present its findings and recommendations by Christmas.
Armed with valid credit card numbers, the investigators say, he logged on to the Web sites of Dell, Compaq, Gateway, Hewlett-Packard and Office Depot, among others, and bought computers, monitors and other equipment.
After the war, he was for 35 years the owner of the Minnetonka Boat Works, retiring in 1985.
A native of Newala, Ala., Dr. Hardy received his medical degree from the University of Pennsylvania in 1942.
In Paris, the house that bears his name was immediately considered as an 'haute couture' of French gastronomy.
Yet think of Fred Astaire, with that tiny voice, who in the 1920's sang Gershwin shows without any electronic assistance.
He wrote two of the greatest musicals in Broadway history, ''Guys and Dolls'' in 1950 and ''How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying'' 11 years later.
Hwang says he does not believe Kim would ever allow foreign aid and investment to benefit the people who need it; Kim has shown no interest in his people's material well-being, and given the choice between regime survival and national prosperity, it's pretty clear which he would prefer.
He has been coming into the Manhattan office of the firm, Giuliani Partners, about three days a week, said Sunny Mindel, the spokeswoman.
Publishers have provided the age designations for their best-selling children's titles.
''The military has a lot to do with shaping who I am,'' she said.
But Mr. Dingell said, ''Democrats oppose leaving seniors naked to the magic of the marketplace.''
Five plays later, Anderson plowed in from 2 yards to tie the score.
''Before, when you hit 30, that was it.''
''We consider people capable of giving informed consent once they are told of the objective effects of a treatment,'' Kahneman says.
She pays another $120 a month for the Wi-Fi access.
Does anybody still care about the girl who just got off the bus (this one, from Centerville, U.S.A.); lands a chorus job that day, goes onstage (''a nobody'') that night, takes over for the indisposed leading lady (who is very mean) and comes back a star?
Scaffolding shrouds some of the low-slung computer complexes, and building materials lie scattered in small neat piles around ''little Baghdad,'' a mock village being erected for urban-warfare instruction.
In works like the 1978 album cover ''Sorrow, Tears and Blood,'' right, by Ghariokwu Lemi, more than 30 artists share their visions of Fela.
''When you really get down to the number of people who have the ability to influence stock prices, it's not a big group.''
He said conclusions could not be drawn from the data, and doctors should not base treatment decisions on it.
Some American intelligence officials said that it was not clear from the fragmentary evidence they had obtained whether the activity among the Qaeda operatives involved preliminary work, like surveillance of possible targets and logistical support for cells involved in coming plots, or was instead evidence of more advanced work on imminent attacks.
Upshaw has forged a solid working relationship with Tagliabue, who became commissioner in 1989.
VIOLENCE -- The dean and Frank get into a brawl, disrupting a chemistry seminar.
But like 16 horses before him who came into the Belmont with the Triple Crown on the line, and the eight since Affirmed won in 1978, he did not get there first.
Now, he said, AOL has reversed itself on both questions.
Analysts noted that a single rate reduction would not be a cure-all for Europe's economic problems, which are deeply rooted and which will require politically painful fiscal policies and overdue economic reforms.
We on the South Shore do not exist to accept what they don't want.''
He told the audience on Friday, ''Clearly, the time is over, over for nepotism, for cronyism, for featherbedding and lack of transparency and openness in the U.S.O.C., just like Enron.''
Husband of Mary Ann Hamilton Lamont, father of Pamela J. Lamont of California and Susan R. Lamont of Connecticut.
By noon, Corporal Richardson had cut not only the colonel's hair, but also that of the 11th Engineers' commander, Lt. Col. Thomas P. Smith, and the brigade's chaplain, Maj. Mark B. Nordstrom.
While American artists are few, the American landscape is a frequent subject.
Wisconsin-Milwaukee won the automatic bid to the N.C.A.A.
The French government needs to enact a hate crimes bill with severe penalties.
These directors would assume responsibility for sensitive topics like compensation and regulation.
CATHERINE ALLEN East Lansing, Mich., June 2, 2003
He was a Boy Scout.
Do you think it's a -- a -- a Woozle?'
A high court ruling says they may do so fairly freely.
Sonora Webster Carver, the first woman to ride the diving horses at Steel Pier in Atlantic City and the inspiration for the 1991 Disney movie ''Wild Hearts Can't Be Broken,'' died here on Sunday.
But one of the customers that night was an off-duty cop named Patrick Ward.
The performers must be as still as statues.
EXTRA POINTS Guard TOM NUTTEN, who has missed time with an elbow injury, will practice today, but he is now competing for a starting job with BRENT SMITH, who started Sunday.
From Aug. 31, 2000, to mid-March of this year, the group fell 29 percent, compared with a 43 percent decline in the S.& P. THE Securities and Exchange Commission has been looking closely at the various fees that mutual funds charge investors.
Their daughter Mary married Lindley Murray; the Murray family had four children and operated one of several large tree nurseries in Queens.
Overall, considerable progress has been made in curbing smog since the 1970's, though this year the state suffered some of its worst pollution problems in more than a half-decade.
''Martin Luther King said, 'Come to the table of brotherhood,' '' Mr. Sharpton said, speaking at a nationally televised CNN debate.
Yet, the last two seasons were marked by sniping from the team's top players, who said that Jordan was really coaching the team and that he, not Scott, made -- or didn't make -- the crucial in-game adjustments.
With no radiator to puncture, no water pump to fail and no hoses to leak, the Multistrada is a lighter, simpler, better choice for adventure touring.
Freiburg Baroque Orchestra, conducted by René Jacobs (Harmonia Mundi France; three CD's) Mr. Jacobs's output is so prolific you could almost believe he's improvising the music as he goes; indeed, opening up Handel to improvisation is one reason his recordings bring the composer alive.
Drawing attention to links between big business and politics in America, the piece consists of 15 inkjet prints of corporate logos made from little maps of America set against a green background of enlarged sections of dollar bills.
The Bruins have 67 points with 17 games to play.
It gets tiresome watching it.''
Joseph L. Bruno, the State Senate majority leader, said yesterday that the first blood test he hads taken since undergoing prostate cancer treatment indicated that he was cancer-free.
But the main treatment remains a combination of ribavirin and steroids, said Dr. Liu Shao-haei, a senior manager at the authority, which runs Hong Kong's public hospitals.
These results suggest that introducing title reform caused hours of work to rise by a net 16 hours a week -- or 17 percent -- among those who initially lived in untitled residences.
Where Murray stumbles is in the brick-by-brick construction of narrative.
His agency oversees the research center, which occupies an isolated 850-acre island two miles off the eastern tip of Long Island.
I was sore the next day, but I enjoyed it.''
Mr. Roh has seen his approval ratings dwindle to around 20 percent from close to 80 percent right after he entered office in February.
''I know you're a worker,'' she said, ''but make sure to join a few things and have fun.''
Others seem sneakily rustic, like sliced pork slow-cooked in a cast-iron cocotte with bitter greens, barbecue sauce and cornbread.
Mr. Kerry proposed using royalties that energy companies pay for drilling rights to finance research into renewable energy and fuel-efficient vehicles.
Bunny died after suffering from a long illness on May 30, 2003, at The Jacob Perlow Hospice at Beth Israel Medical Center.
Marbury grabbed the rebound of Duncan's final miss with 5.1 seconds left and raced up the floor.
in rushing defense, allowing an average of 164.7 yards a game.
Although it specified no offending individuals or companies, the union added, ''Even a hint of the blacklist must never again be tolerated in this nation.''
And any heated air that is pulled out of the house from the inside will be replaced by unheated air from the outside.
''But even if the kids don't get much of the money, they get their foot in the door and a chance to be on TV,'' Donald S. Engel, an entertainment lawyer in Los Angeles, said.
In one tall, skinny painting Cubist fragmentation is sorted out into a loose grid of green and yellow strokes, with results that suggest a swatch of patterned cloth.
Mr. Curry cited corporate law in Delaware, where Hollinger is incorporated, in his demand letter.
LING--Daniel, of Canada, passed away at home on August 9, surrounded in love by his family.
500, Pfizer rose 32 cents, to $31.80, and PepsiCo climbed 52 cents, to $47.93.
The latest quarter was the third consecutive one with earnings that failed to surpass analysts' estimates, according to Reuters Research.
But county officials, particularly those raising taxes by steep percentages, are quick to note that the increases often do not translate into a large dollar figure.
''All my life I'm down here on this corner.''
''Then in the 17th century, there is a very big, dramatic drop,'' he says.
And the stone Mr. Rhodes was looking for was a granite of a color that complemented the tawny Bay Area light.
Plants that enjoy alkaline conditions, like some cactuses, get lime, while those that like acidic conditions, like gardenias and camellias, get sulfur.
He became an associate of Prof. Harold Edgerton, a pioneer of strobe light technology, and began his career at Polaroid while still an undergraduate, working in the vision research laboratory of the company's founder, Edwin Land, inventor of instant photography.
The arrests echoed a similar incident in the northern city of Rovigo last week, when the police arrested five Moroccans found with explosives and maps of London.
Overview of Lesson Plan: In this lesson, students work as cultural anthropologists studying Muslim wedding celebrations around the world.
If someone takes initiative, he said, ''Everyone thinks: 'What is his agenda?
Shockey concluded his first season by drawing a pair of $5,000 fines from the National Football League for his behavior in a season-ending playoff loss in San Francisco.
Mr. Purnell will be remembered for his gentleness, kindness, sense of humor and generosity.
Found in this small village, Mr. Dilawar's elder brother, Shahpoor, produced the death certificate, saying he had kept the document in his pocket since it was handed over to his uncle by a United States military officer in Kabul along with his brother's body on Jan. 17.
By 2001, investigators had grown frustrated at their lack of progress, said the federal official.
Heads are bobbing all around.
Palmer had more to say about the decision of William Johnson, the club chairman, to allow past champions a lifetime exemption again.
MAGGIE REID New York, June 18, 2003
The first-round series is tied at 2-2 with Game 5 at Minnesota tonight.
Inside was his medical bag.
Mr. Martinez said he ruffled feathers at a meeting of the Daughters of the Republic of Texas in April when he said that the 1836 killings should be described as an execution.
Sometimes it's a no-win situation out here.''
From an advertising point of view, Mr. Bush was perhaps too successful, or inadvertently sold the wrong product.
In the 1980's, he became a member of the Board, commuting to New York from Washington, D.C. for each meeting.
A museum district would continue to attract people like Stacie Webb of Harrison, N.Y., and her sister Nora Jacob of Orange, Calif. On a visit last week, they were dazzled by ''Matisse Picasso'' in the morning, savored Hemsin for lunch, then delighted in the spare Noguchi sculptures nearby.
's Lawnside Bar-B-Que (1205 East 85th Street, 816-822-7427).
Probably no area of the world had a keener interest in President Bush's address on Tuesday night than the Middle East.
.5:06:33 24898 Everett, K, 25F .
Twenty-three government-run Country and Marine Parks preserve 40 percent of Hong Kong in its natural state.
And his face betrayed a feeling that didn't match his fierce words: he looked hesitant, fretful, anxious.
Mr. Fernandez, 35, is the president of the Bodega Association of the United States, the group that pushed for the new initiative.
–What types of research or discoveries, if any, have been specifically linked to this species?
Their crosshatched paintings are less familiar yet every bit as lively and aesthetically inventive as the ''dot and circle'' work by the people of the central Australian desert, who are more widely associated with the term Aboriginal.
But on Thursday, she said that because those individuals in the S.E.C.
She searched his face to see whether she knew him -- she did not -- or if she could tell from his eyes whether he meant her harm or was simply admiring her blouse.
Mr. Blackstone emphasized a lack of forensic evidence against Mr. Fernandez and accused the prosecution's witnesses of having cooperated to ''get off the hook'' from their own legal problems.
''He played with grit and determination, but was also a class act,'' Schumer said.
That compared with 248 deaths in vehicles in which side air bags were an option that had not been purchased.
A gifted architect and accomplished painter, Mr. Consuegra lent his talents to many of the firm's projects.
In their study of the foam impact and its possible effects during the mission, Boeing engineers considered the possibility that multiple tiles might have been knocked off near the left wheel well, one of the most vulnerable parts of the shuttle.
''But we need someone who is going to come up with a stroke of genius.''
Christopher Homes, a tangle of two-story apartments splattered with graffiti, is probably no worse than many other public housing projects.
Furthermore, Mr. Libeskind's plan for a large entrance ramp along Liberty Street leading to trade-center service areas has gone missing in several of the memorial finalists' plans.
And everyone saw Sorenstam at her best.
''It was depressing all around,'' Mr. Roth said.
Moses' asphalt-and-steel legacy included the West Side Highway, Triborough Bridge and Jones Beach; Mr. Gagne's dream, more modest, would feature putting greens and golf balls.
TODAY in Chicago, the United States Olympic Committee's executive committee will attempt to pick up the pieces of the organization's shattered credibility.
''It's not debilitating,'' said Howard Schmidt, President Bush's No.
They didn't do a good job of combating stock fraud.
The electrical line, tar-black and as fat as an engorged boa constrictor, slithers through a metal forest of electrical equipment inside the Tomson Converter Station in Shoreham, then quits the building and dives into Long Island Sound, tunneling through 23 miles of seabed before it emerges in Connecticut.
To that end, the Bush administration is asking the United Nations Security Council for a phased lifting of sanctions on Iraqi oil exports.
If OSI files for regulatory approval to sell either of Cell Pathways' most advanced experimental drugs, Cell Pathways stockholders may be eligible for another 0.04 share of OSI.
But he appears to be just as good now as he was before the other two races.''
THE shallow prehistoric canoe is too long to capture in a single gaze.
''In L.A., if you're Latin you're in the restaurant kitchen,'' said Roberto Behar, half of a husband-wife artistic team that created the model living room on North Miami Avenue in 2001.
''We will welcome them with great pleasure, because the Americans are our brothers.''
About half a dozen officers surrounded the van, and one, in an effort to pull the driver out, broke a driver's side middle window with the butt of his gun, and another, Officer John Brennan, tried to open the driver's door with his left hand while banging on the window with his pistol in his right hand, several officials said.
Well, we say (and Columbia Journalism School kids may want to make note of this maneuver) you make a great couple.
Now, Toshiba is trying to recast itself as a leaner, more focused company able to thrive in a new era where the old rules that worked so well for so long no longer apply.
For practically everyone else, the year was kind of nondescript.
''After the Communists fell, nobody has the money or the desire to do anything,'' Guliko said.
He was given an audience with a senior British military official, who would not comment on the meeting.
Before a major project, homeowners should ask their local assessor how the change will be calculated.
Ten Most Wanted, the Belmont runner-up, will also be pointed toward the Travers, his trainer, Wally Dollase, has said.
I can assure anyone who is hesitant that while the preparation is anything but pleasant, the exam itself is painless.
''Government can do things when motivated and pressed,'' said William T. Cunningham, the mayor's communications director, clearly implying that the agency directors were being squeezed.
BANKS -- Option to close.
''You can do it cleaner and more cheaply with gasoline, so why give diesels some inherent advantage?''
Navy officials had first contacted Dr. Martin on Sept. 5, asking him to advise doctors on the Iwo Jima about treating the marines before evacuation.
Just this month, one of Osama bin Laden's top lieutenants was nabbed in Pakistan.
LYDIA LEWIS President, Depression and Bipolar Support Alliance Chicago, Aug. 7, 2003
Traditional retailers can point to the Internet and know that their Web sites are helping to create sales in their stores -- and to reduce customers' dependence on floor sales help -- even if the Web sites are not pumping tremendous amounts of cash.
She has only a murky, dreamlike memory of how she, her mother and her younger brother left Laos in 1976, soon after the Vietnam War, and spent time in a refugee camp in Thailand.
As many as 9,000 pounds of wriggling lobsters passed through the store's tanks in a day, six days a week, bound for restaurants and markets all over the East Coast.
It consisted of a squashy sofa, a video camera in an unused office and some really difficult questions.
Congress is preoccupied with efforts to help a large, politically potent group that already has insurance, the elderly, by adding drug benefits to Medicare.
Mr. Putin, who has backed the French and Germans in arguing for more time for disarmament inspections and was visited this week by Chancellor Gerhard Schröder of Germany, argued that Russia's stance against a quick conflict was backed overwhelmingly by the rest of the world.
To many critics, Korean banks stumbled from a corporate loan crisis in the late 1990's to a consumer credit crisis today.
POLICE OFFICER SUE KEANE Inside 1 World Trade Center when the first tower collapsed: ''I was separated from the guys from the George Washington Bridge by another explosion, massive again, sucking the air out of your lungs and then just a wind more intense this time with larger pieces of debris flying.
''What we have in Angola now is negative peace,'' said Raphael Marques, a 31-year-old journalist and dissident who is the director of the Open Society Institute's Angolan office.
.5:23:30 27977 Bazen, S, 25M .
Thin-sliced lamb with bitter melon, chili and black beans was a paradigm of stir-fries.
''I just wanted to pitch.''
(212) 477-5200. www.ps122.org CENTRAL STATION AT DANSPACE PROJECT -- Ioana Popovici, from Romania, begins the final segment of the festival with ''Requiem for a Dog.''
''It's tough for me,'' Weaver said.
In Philadelphia, the designs are as varied as Jorge Pardo's elegant, cotton sateen plaid of yellow and green and Nicole Eisenman's cartoons of a women's prison.
This week, the New York Theater Workshop announced that it would co-produce ''Flow,'' by the rapper Will Power, in collaboration with the New York City Hip-Hop Theater Festival, the annual showcase of alternative theater now in its fourth year.
White has five goals and seven assists this season.
It comes a generation after the court's last significant ruling on the issue, the 1978 Bakke case, in which the justices invalidated the use of fixed racial quotas but said that diversity was a worthy goal.
Before he became Justice Souter's clerk, he was a law clerk for Harry Edwards on the District of Columbia Court of Appeals.
Today and tomorrow (and Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays through April 24) from noon to 6 p.m. (Thursdays from noon to 8 p.m.) New York Public Library for the Performing Arts Dorothy and Lewis B. Cullman Center at Lincoln Center, (212) 870-1630.
In return, the hospital corporation received a debt of almost $260 million, a crumbling infrastructure, a structural deficit projected to exceed $94 million annually by 2003 and a reputation for treating both patients and staff with indifference.
Its painstakingly sponge-painted walls dotted with Japanese characters look older than they are.
ON July 1, the New York State Court of Appeals, the state's highest court, struck down the New York City law that governs how property owners must address lead-based-paint hazards in residential buildings.
''We have a system that will respond to the needs of the building,'' Mr. Syed said.
Meet at the parking lot gazebo.
There were several people close to the Nets who speculated that Jordan would leave because he was eager to be a head coach and because tension had developed between Jordan and Scott.
Before Ive came to Apple, he worked independently, often on projects that never got out of the prototype phase; one working model would be made, and then it would sit on a shelf in his office.
Ms. London argues in a brief that this was basically a moot point because the superintendent had the power to override the advisory board.
By contrast, in 1968 during the Vietnam War the fighting was so far engaged and judged by so many Americans to be a failure that two candidates built their campaigns entirely on an antiwar platform.
Each line of the defense -- from the front four to the linebackers to the secondary -- features at least one Pro Bowl player.
Writing in the journal Cancer, researchers said that in order to combat the papillomavirus, health officials needed to do a better job educating the public as testing for it becomes a routine part of women's health care.
Voters will decide in a referendum next Tuesday whether to change the system of elections in New York City.
You might as well try to mate a giraffe with a beaver.
RATINGS -- Extraordinary, Excellent, Very Good, Good, Satisfactory, Fair, Poor.
But since Rick Barnes arrived as the Texas basketball coach in 1998, the basketball program has begun to emerge from football's shadow.
The bride, 26, and bridegroom, 30, teach social studies in Connecticut, she at Greenwich High School and he at Wilton High School.
Shawn Marion led Phoenix with 25 points.
Against that backdrop, companies have been reluctant to increase capital spending or hire more people, major forces restraining the economy's recovery.
Video technology can bring the same kind of thrill to theater (and to dance and music).
The attractions at 7 p.m. on Sunday will be Johnny Winter and the James Cotton Band.
Westchester's share of Medicaid for next year is projected at $220 million, up $16.4 million from this year.
Miceli will be joining his eighth team; Garcia has played for six.
Yet American forces, which have more communications technology than even the Israelis, are surely capable of engaging in unconventional fighting tactics.
The number of San Francisco apartment listings on the popular Web site Craig's List, a sort of Internet bazaar, has jumped about ten fold since the fall of 2000.
For example, Rodale won the bid to publish the autobiography of the controversial baseball star Pete Rose.
Died May 12 after complications from surgery.
MATZO BREI WITH CARAMELIZED APPLES, HONEY VANILLA SAUCE AND MASCARPONE Adapted from Jane Time: 30 minutes 1/2 cup honey 1 vanilla bean 9 tablespoons unsalted butter 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and cut into 1/2-inch cubes 2 tablespoons sugar 1 1-pound box matzo 8 large eggs 1 teaspoon kosher salt 4 ounces mascarpone cheese (or yogurt).
I also asked Mr. Selody about the connection of the gravel garden and a nearby seating area under the sun porch.
So General Petraeus wrote a letter -- stamped by the division's notary public -- decreeing that the funds be provided.
It had previously estimated that earnings for 2000, 2001 and 2002 would have to be restated downward by about $500 million.
Bedding three plump shrimp on greens and a saffron sauce brought out nuance without masking flavors.
The position was a reward for working on Richard M. Nixon's 1968 presidential campaign.
''I was going to borrow whatever I needed to get them through college,'' she said, ''as long as they had good grades.''
''The reason the SPV has not been successful is Microsoft's operating system is just not good at telephony functions,'' Mr. Windsor of Nomura said.
One later died; the other two developed normally.
''Maybe we'll find out,'' Mr. Spitzer said.
But, he added, McWane has spent millions of dollars in recent years on upgrading pollution control equipment there.
Four innings later, he launched a pitch into San Francisco Bay far beyond right-center field for his 634th career home run.
Reviewing ''Triple Play,'' in 1959, Brooks Atkinson, the drama critic for The New York Times, wrote, ''Give Mr. Cronyn a wig, mustache and glasses, and he is about the best character actor in the business.''
Flush eyes with lots of water.
And if the Red Sox match the Yankees' total of 96 victories, they will be assured of a playoff spot.
But the rainout enabled the Yankees to use Thursday's scheduled starter, Andy Pettitte, instead.
Create their own units of measurement and explain their usage.
''We've created interactive, math-oriented games that glue the story parts together,'' Mr. Ascheim said.
The real estate developer Paul Reichmann, whose Olympia & York group made its mark on the landscape of Manhattan, is now grappling to save the London property that helped push Olympia & York into bankruptcy a decade ago.
I'm looking for a western.''
Fascinated with photography -- he was studying it in school at the time -- Mr. Hooks liked to hang out with Mr. Alonzo and watch him work.
They acknowledged that there is, for many procedures, a correlation between volume and quality of care, but they added that it is dangerously easy to read too much into that.
Bunge, based in White Plains, expects a gain of $4 million, or 4 cents a share, in the fourth quarter as a result of the sale.
Mrs. Graves joined the scholar Dunstan Ward in shaping Graves's oeuvre from a sprawling proliferation of poems, published and unpublished, some in final form and some evolving in versions separated by years of his painstaking rephrasings.
Mr. Bosco, the chief executive of Opnext, a company that makes lasers for communications equipment, decided to build his own $500,000 pub after he and his wife saw Rooney's Irish Pub in the West Palm Beach airport.
attended lobby; windowed eat-in kitchen, hardwood floors; fitness center, playroom, laundry facilities in building; maintenance $540, includes gas, water and heat; 34% tax-deductible; listed at $375,000, 10 weeks on market (broker: LoHo Realty) WEST MIDTOWN $530,000 106 Central Park South 1-bedroom, 1 1/2-bath, 800-sq.-ft. condo in a prewar building; 24-hr.
Troy Stewart, an assistant public relations officer for the city, said, ''We don't discourage or encourage visitors to Hospital Rock and we don't patrol that area.''
''The fact that people get killed in a war is precisely what people need to be reminded of,'' Mr. Koppel said.
I had resigned from my job as executive editor of Teen People magazine that year, and Bert, who is an artist, had just completed a major renovation of our Chelsea town house, which we would be renting out for the duration of the trip.
The track bed is there, but with no tracks, ties or ballast.
''I feel like it's my wedding day, I feel like it's my birthday, I feel just ecstatic,'' said Robert Hudson Westover, the chairman of the S.S. United States Foundation, which he set up in 1996, and which has worked to preserve the ship and find a buyer.
Peripheral markets like Ireland and Spain are among our larger weights in Europe.
I heard that directly in prisons all over Russia.
An editorial cartoon in The Daily Telegraph showed a brooding Mr. Blair with the caption: ''For God's sake, let us sit upon the ground and tell sad stories of the death of kings.
At dusk, I tried to befriend the wild cats who inhabited the Alamo grounds after closing; it never occurred to me that the place might be haunted.
But if fewer than six candidates meet that criterion, an independent poll of undecided voters will be conducted by California State University to determine which of the remaining candidates -- those polling at least 5 percent -- ''are preferred in the debate,'' the association said.
An article on the bulletin board advertising a workshop on writing college essays is written in Korean.
I MAGINE listening in on this conversation.
We want to do our job.''
''A guy in my neighborhood has a big old S.U.V., and he was picking up pizzas and toilet paper for everybody.''
In discussing what they described as preliminary strategic decisions, Mr. Bush's advisers said they were prepared to adjust to any changes in what has already proved to be a most unusual presidential election campaign.
The group, along with its bankers at Lehman Brothers and Goldman Sachs, are expected to review the documents and the bids and try to complete a deal in mid-January.
Last week, after the collapse of the Philharmonic-Carnegie Hall talks, Lincoln Center's president, Reynold Levy, essentially said that bygones should be bygones.
Representatives of the American Council for Cultural Policy, a New York-based group of museum officials and prominent art collectors, also met with Defense and State Department officials in the months before the war, and said they were encouraged by the meetings.
Nearly every state is careening toward high deficits as the 2004 fiscal year approaches, in June for most states.
PAUL BLOUSTEIN Cincinnati, Nov. 28, 2003
.4:52:00 21268 Kaminsky, M, 35F .
11 a.m. 5) Got Your Gold Card?
The beauty of this dish -- and of the leek salad as well -- is that the tomatoes can be the relatively hard early-summer variety, and it will still be great.
To foster bone mineral density, diets should contain adequate amounts of protein (15 to 20 percent of daily calories).
Only the most cold and unfeeling viewer could resist a movie that puts Martha Stewart on the set of her cooking show screaming, ''And for God's sake did I not ask for merlot??!!!!''
The talks could last two weeks.
A17 HOUSE & HOME F1-12 OBITUARIES B8 CIRCUITS G1-8 Tinkering for More Programs An online confederacy apparently numbering in the thousands is altering Microsoft Xboxes to enable them to run unauthorized programs.
These were not government efforts, yet they should count as part of the larger effort that added up to de-Nazification.
Bowersox, Dr. Don Pettit and Nikolia Budarin.
Highlights of the center's latest selection of emerging artists include Arthur Aghajanian's sly charts analyzing familial relations; Mie Yim's pastel pictures of stuffed bears and bunnies in anxiety-fraught situations; Lamar Peterson's coolly surrealistic cartoon images of middle-class blacks; Douglas Florian's idiosyncratic abstractions painted on paper bags; Christine Hiebert's elegantly airy mural made of blue tape; and Astrid Bowlby's bewilderingly complex accumulation of cutout cartoon fragments (Johnson).
The challenge behind the contest was to follow two formats seen in each week's edition of the magazine: a personal essay in the model of the Lives column or an image with accompanying text of the kind seen in the What They Were Thinking feature.
'POOR MAN'S HEAVEN' -- Class warfare never seemed so jaunty as it did in Depression songs like Wilmoth Houdini's ''Poor but Ambitious,'' Sonny Boy Williamson's ''Welfare Store Blues,'' Blind Alfred Reed's ''How Can a Poor Man Stand Such Times and Live?,'' Daddy Stovepipe and Mississippi Sarah's ''35 Depression'' and Bud Billings and Carson Robison's ''Poor Man's Heaven.''
Anthony Colasanti, vice president of Fast Ferry, said the company was undercapitalized, but, he said, it also found it difficult to lease new boats or to pay their skyrocketing rents, when demand jumped after Sept. 11.
Devoted mother of Elaine and Abe Siev, Marty and Judi, Bill and Lynn, Arthur and Marion.
Residents of the New York metropolitan region jammed supermarkets and hardware stores yesterday, stocking up on everything from milk to rock salt as forecasters warned that up to two feet of snow could blanket the area by late tonight.
At the Empress Diner in East Meadow, an owner, Danny Panagatos, 41, greeted customers with words they had not heard there in months: ''Smoking or non?''
Each May, Whistler is transformed -- what was locked in ice under a thick blanket of snow is freed up.
Today, the owners stocked up on 1,500 pounds of ice to keep their beer cold until the power came back on at 5:30 p.m., to hearty cheers.
Mrs. Khanolkar, 25, is a sales assistant in an Atlanta office of Smith Barney.
And I was wondering, at the time you wrote those e-mails, whether the scenarios you were outlining seemed more than hypothetical and you were feeling real concern that disaster may be on the way.
''None of those conditions are present in Liberia.''
May the family be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem and know no further sorrow.
''Emotions can get you in a lot of trouble or hassle,'' he continued.
''This is what you've asked for,'' Fergerson told his players in the Garden City visitors' locker room on Nov. 1, while a far superior opponent and a large crowd waited outside.
Laurence A. Tanner, president and chief operating officer of New Britain General Hospital in New Britain, said there was no way his hospital would wind up in the black this year.
But as Mary grows older, into repressed, anal-retentive matronhood, Ms. Jones flickers with sparks of hidden color beneath her character's beige exterior.
There are now about 50 American aircraft based in Turkey patrolling the no-flight zone in northern Iraq.
The Schenectady County Department of Social Services offered foster care.
Congregation Rodeph Sholom notes with sorrow the passing of our member Lawrence Greenfield, the beloved husband of our devoted, long time member, Roslyn Greenberg Greenfield.
The diplomat said the convoy attack on Sunday was unlikely to cause lasting damage to Russian-American ties.
Beloved husband of Mildred for 56 years.
If Cobain thought nothing of pulling a tattered baby-doll dress over jeans, combining a Pendleton shirt with a kilt, or wrapping said shirt at his hips like a skirt, designers are taking a tidier route.
''If the recovery is under way, and we believe it is, then the future of New York City is starting to brighten,'' he said.
''People don't want to be treated as museum pieces, or to be in a goldfish bowl,'' said Col. Steve Cox, deputy commander of the Third Commando Brigade.
James Fielder Cook was born in Atlanta.
On May 15, the attacker grabbed a 13-year-old girl by the throat as she entered her home after school.
I was just starting my academic career.
Four Democratic presidential candidates competed today for support from A.F.L.-C.I.O.
But while Nero's video options are more thorough, including funky effects and text titling, Roxio provides more photo options, like the ability to edit individual pictures and archive all the original photos on the disc along with the slide show's video file.
''The precise amount is still being determined, but will be an estimate based on a range of Israeli government expenses associated with the settlement activity,'' Mr. Ereli said.
Micah Rasmussen, the governor's press secretary, called it ''a day of mourning for the family, not a day for policy discussion.''
KERYGMA GALLERY ''Artistic Presence,'' a group show of gallery artists.
Given this combination, almost no one of any repute is willing to predict how the crisis over North Korea's suspected nuclear weapons program will unfold over the coming months.
With nearly 30 albums to her credit, 14 of them as a solo artist, Ms. Lavin, 51, has built up a sizable reputation as a wry and astute songwriter whose stage act encompasses a variety show's worth of entertainment, including stand-up comedy, competitions among audience members and Ms. Lavin's own champion baton twirling.
Dolphins 24, Bills 17 Baltimore Ravens (8-6) at Cleveland Browns (4-10) 1 p.m. Clevelanders seem like the type of folks with long memories.
For information or tickets, call (888) 383-8472.
''Weekends have been so boring,'' lamented Mr. Quiles, a filmmaker.
Life forces painful choices on Dr. Michael J. Ryan's colleagues, but it is even harder on his research subject, the male túngara frog: the more sex it gets, the surer it is to be eaten.
Today, responding to the United Nations inspectors' report, he sounded more impatient and less diplomatic.
''I had a woman come to me who had a child 10 years ago while in college and now her husband of five years wants to adopt her child and in order to do that she had to put her name, her daughter's name and all the men she slept with in college in her college newspaper,'' said Charlotte Danciu, a Boca Raton lawyer who represented four women and two minors in a suit against the law.
Debra Michele Daumit, a daughter of Deedee Daumit and Dr. Gene P. Daumit of Charlotte, N.C., was married last evening to Jordan Lee Klingsberg, a son of Fran S. Klingsberg and David Klingsberg of Scarsdale, N.Y.
Ali's family insisted he lay there for an hour, but there are reasons to doubt it.
Elizabeth Schumacher, 55, was hospitalized in Cologne on April 10 and is in stable condition, said Thomas Hofmann, a spokesman for Ralf Schumacher.
Fox will introduce most of its new shows later, though its effort to start up a Friday with two comedies, ''Wanda at Large'' and a new entry, ''Luis,'' about a Hispanic shop owner, was moribund.
after the Smoking Gun uncovered documents showing that Rick Rockwell, the millionaire featured on the program, had been issued a restraining order barring him from seeing an ex-girlfriend he was accused of physically threatening.
Once jurors are chosen, they can be sequestered.
''If you believe I'm such a dangerous person, rid yourself and the country of me with my execution, for the sake of the country, the nation, the revolution and Islam,'' Mr. Sahabi wrote in a letter to the three branches of government that was written last summer and recently made public.
He then made his way to the Waldorf-Astoria for the Hall of Fame induction.
For the title poem of ''The Darkness and the Light,'' for example, he wrote the first lines nearly 10 years ago, when he was a fellow at the Rockefeller Foundation's Bellagio Center on Lake Como in Italy: Like trailing silks, the light Hangs in the olive trees As the pale wine of day Drains to the very lees.
To parents and teachers of older children, that's a familiar-sounding warning.
To his family and loved ones, we express our profound sympathy.
His replacement, the rookie Kirk Hinrich, is not ready to start, so that situation will be one to watch.
Ms. Mills said that mixed-race children would have been given Irish surnames when their Irish fathers married their black mothers, or when their unmarried Irish mothers named children after themselves.
It was equal to about 6 percent in 1986.
The Medici began moving in rarefied international circles.
DARK STAR SAFARI: Overland From Cairo to Cape Town.
Many questions face the Liberty in the wake of this season, the worst in team history.
It happened shortly after practice and hours after the Rangers lost their third game in four days -- a 5-2 drubbing to the lowly Atlanta Thrashers.
Living off the water is about all they know on this marshy 3.5-mile-long island populated by 640 residents.
Shahidah Seifullah, who worships at Islamic Sunnatul Jamaat, described Mr. Cromwell's role more bluntly.
Editors' Note: November 6, 2003, Thursday An Op-Ed article on Tuesday about Iraq's foreign debt should have more fully disclosed the background of its author, Mark Medish.
C1 Business Digest C1 World Business W1 OBITUARIES C14 EDITORIAL A32-33 Editorials: War in the ruins of diplomacy; on the trail of a mystery illness; Verlyn Klinkenborg on the big melt.
The conference needs seven of nine members to support the final plan.
Goles has a thrift shop with four employees at the corner of Avenue B and East Third Street and a two-person office at Avenue B and East 10th Street for which they are given a break in the rent.
What is most amazing is just how many substantial companies have lost a huge part of their value since the peak.
The plan would have to be approved by the County Legislature and the Nassau Interim Finance Authority, the state agency set up to monitor the county's finances.
''They've set a terrible precedent for other states facing big deficits,'' said Charles Bell, a director for Consumers Union.
Bill White, Tom Tyrrell and all at Intrepid KLEINER--Samuel.
Last year's 25th pick, point guard Frank Williams, will join the group, as will three free agents signed to nonguaranteed contracts, including Matt Carroll, a shooting guard out of Notre Dame who played for the Knicks in the Boston and Utah summer leagues.
Howe said he had addressed the team and added, ''Nothing is going to happen.''
These days, sex-change operations are out of vogue, and for reasons of religion, many of the advocates say they do not encourage them.
said Monday that they do not favor a playoff system; the smaller schools say a playoff could be an alternative to the B.C.S.
Cover and place in oven for 1 1/4 hours.
In one of the other incidents, a man escaped at 4:15 p.m. on Friday while he was being brought into a police station house at East 198th Street in the Bronx.
Turning from a budget crisis to the troubled world of international diplomacy, Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the city was suing four foreign governments that own Manhattan property for failure to pay real estate taxes.
''You don't want to end up with a hairy palm,'' he told him.
If the federal tax agency had stripped the pension plans of their tax-exempt status, the pension beneficiaries could have been required to pay immediate taxes on the current value of their holdings in the plans, experts said.
They are not posted anymore, Mr. Lockyer said.
Scarlet'' and ''The Summer of the Swans,'' Ms. Jordan has started thinking about her future.
''Everything is geared to that point in time,'' Ms. Taubin said.
)+An up-to-date metasomething novel on a dizzy rotation between life and invention, situated in a writer's notebook; the writer, Sidney Orr, recently very ill, has lost his will to write until he buys an exotic notebook in Brooklyn.
Mr. Schneider said he wanted to continue to integrate electronic media with the print newspaper, to expand the New York City edition and to deepen Long Island coverage.
How are you focusing on this as you move ahead.
''The mass disenfranchisement of hundreds of thousands of Florida citizens is the overriding civil rights crisis in our state, and we look to the court to end this shameful injustice,'' Mr. Simon said.
About 650,000 people in the region rely on these barges to supply them with home-heating oil, and keeping the supply lines open is important to the economies of New York, Connecticut, Massachusetts and Vermont.
doormen, concierge; windowed kitchen, hardwood floors, balcony, terrace, East River view; washer-dryer in unit, gym in building; maintenance $2,677, 50% tax-deductible; listed at $1.395 million, 34 weeks on market (broker: Douglas Elliman) UPPER WEST SIDE $950,000 138 Manhattan Avenue (105th Street) 4-bedroom, 4-bath, 3-story town house built in 1905; dining room, eat-in kitchen, double parlor, 15-ft. ceilings; hardwood floors, 4 fireplaces, finished basement, original moldings and detail; 17-by-85-ft. lot; taxes $6,500; listed at $1 million, 5 weeks on market (broker: Holly Day Realty) WASHINGTON HEIGHTS $355,000 116 Pinehurst Avenue (Hudson View Gardens) 2-bedroom, 1-bath, 950-sq.-ft. co-op in a pre-World War II building; elevator, dining area, high ceilings, hardwood floors, two exposures; maintenance $803, 28% tax-deductible; listed at $369,000, on the market for three weeks (broker: Stein-Perry Real Estate) Brooklyn BROOKLYN HEIGHTS $755,000 187 Hicks Street 3-bedroom, 2-bath, 1,510-sq.-ft. co-op in a pre-World War II building; dining room, renovated eat-in kitchen, 15 windows, steam shower; 3 exposures; maintenance $1,311, 50% tax-deductible; listed at $769,000, 4 weeks on market (Broker: Harbor View Realty) PARK SLOPE $405,000 484 Eighth Street 2-bedroom, 1-bath, 850-sq.-ft. co-op in a post-World War II building; dining area, renovated kitchen, hardwood floors, 2 exposures, washer-dryer in unit; common charge $231; taxes $1,566; listed at $385,000 (multiple bids), 1 week on market (broker: Aguayo & Huebener) PROSPECT HEIGHTS $775,000 636 Pacific Street 2-bedroom, 2-bath, 1,211-sq.-ft. condo in a renovated pre-World War II warehouse; concierge; kitchen with granite countertops; terrace, washer-dryer hookup in unit; common charge $635; taxes $5,000; listed at $775,000, 6 weeks on market (broker: Brooklyn Properties of 7th Avenue) Queens HOLLIS HILLS $500,000 85-49 212th Street 2-family post-World War II brick and stucco house; 2 bedrooms, 1 bath, dining room, hardwood floors in each unit; 40-by-100-ft. lot; taxes $2,843; listed at $549,000, 16 weeks on market (broker: First Choice Real Estate) Westchester RYE $960,000 42 La Salle Avenue 4-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 72-year-old brick colonial-style house; dining room, eat-in kitchen, study, fireplace, 1-car garage; 0.15-acre lot plus additional 0.17-acre building lot; taxes $14,286; listed at $949,000 (multiple bids), 9 weeks on market (broker: Coldwell Banker Country Property) Connecticut NEW FAIRFIELD $532,500 27 Beaver Bog Road 4-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 5-year-old colonial-style house; dining room, renovated eat-in kitchen with breakfast area, whirlpool bath; 2-car garage, 3.94-acre lot; taxes $7,787; listed at $549,900, 13 weeks on market (broker: William Pitt Real Estate)
NO one questioned his brilliance; instead, the doubts were about whether he would really listen to others, delegate authority and put systems in place to decentralize a lot of the decision making.
ABC is also considering a show in which hopeful palooka boxers will work toward a Rocky-inspired match with Mike Tyson.
That question became far less rhetorical in New York after Sept. 11, 2001, an event that forged a communal spirit among some strangers living in the city, even as it raised suspicions and fears of other kinds of strangers.
.3:43:44 4315 Van Oijen, K, 37M .
Each of the wireless providers has contracted with a third-party vendor to handle the processing of the request.
Asked how the town could enforce a law on the L.I.R.R., which is exempt from town regulation, he replied: ''Just because they're the railroad doesn't mean they can break any laws.
They also presented evidence of Mr. Durst's elaborate attempts to cover up evidence of the crime, including signing Mr. Black's name to a $300 money order and sending it to the landlord so no one would come looking for Mr. Black.
.3:49:36 5345 Pike, J, 44M .
Frequent roadblocks and inspections along the way have turned the route into a frustrating obstacle course, which he has found ingenious ways to circumvent.
Red, or sheep, sorrel, Rumex acetosella, is a seriously stubborn weed, even if you do use herbicide.
He also said the Sept. 11 attacks were part of an American conspiracy.
Gerrit Henry, an art critic and poet, died on May 1 at his home in Manhattan.
He concluded, ''I think people are in a real quandary.''
So she took a photo of it, the first in a series of hundreds of portraits she has made of discarded couches.
Yet now the Aguiar-Faria dairy has ceased operations, its employees let go and the land leased to another dairy operator.
To get a deal with the Senate, the House also agreed to spend $100 million on health care for Iraq war veterans that the administration did not request.
She remains an active board member of the companies in which Acacia has stakes.
They followed the car-bomb attacks in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, on Monday night, that killed 34 people, 8 of them Americans.
Hook pitched into the 10th inning with the score 2-2.
From the beginning, the idea was to create a place where people who had, or were at risk of getting, health problems could work out under medical supervision, away from the intimidating Spandex-clad fitness buffs found in other gyms.
Wireless operators and start-up technology companies are also developing new ways to transmit data and voice traffic, cutting phone lines out of the picture.
In 1947, she had a brief romance with Larry Storch, and gave birth in 1948 to a daughter, Candace, whom they put up for adoption.
Liberal economists took the position that any increase in poverty was too high, given the relative prosperity of the country.
Ratings reflect the reviewer's reaction to food, ambience and service, with price taken into consideration.
''The central government has to carry on its engagement here,'' said Maj.
The companies say that they are willing to share data with the Medicare program about their deals with drug makers, as the House bill requires.
Strong backing has also come from religious conservatives in the Republican Party.
''We used to take the tourists for granted, '' said my friend.
Just as her patience with his own hesitancy was about to give out, he kissed her.
Moving to New York at 19, he auditioned successfully for the Circle in the Square Theater training program.
FRANCE: LITERARY LAURELS -- A French novel with an English title and 9/11 as its subject won the last major prize of the French literary awards season yesterday.
''With Roh there has never been any honeymoon whatsoever.
There were 235 burglaries reported in the city from 4 p.m. on Thursday to 9 p.m. on Friday, by which time most neighborhoods had had their power restored.
''What happens in Iraq is not covered honestly on CNN, BBC,'' an Al Jazeera news executive said in a telephone interview from Doha, Qatar.
For perhaps the first time in a thousand years of Polish history, it seems justified.
had not heard of it.
Ms. Avery, an Iowan who entered the ministry to pursue social justice, took over Good Shepherd more than two years ago.
Broadly adapted from the Polish author Witold Gombrowicz's satirical 1960 novel, ''Pornografia,'' the film expands the conventional definition of its provocative title to embrace a more generalized view of people's selfish, antiheroic behavior during wartime.
''Rates are at a 40-year low and lots of lenders are interested in doing refinancing.
I don't know,'' said Rodney Riley, owner of Elrod's bar and grill.
Bars and Night Spots BAR REIS, 375 Fifth Avenue, near Sixth Street, (718) 832-5716.
and New York University (Ph.D.).
The selection attracts not just affluent Dallas city dwellers but also picky suburban shoppers ''I just finished reading this book called 'What Would Jesus Eat?'
A scholar of Middle Eastern history meditates on ''holy war and unholy terror.''
''It's the first time it's happened in my life,'' said the woman, a special education teacher.
In 1997, he was found guilty of reckless burning.
His guitar equipment company, Framptone, currently offers a handmade talkbox that is being used by several top musicians, including Mr. Grohl and the band Everlast.
In his ruling in New York, United States Bankruptcy Judge Arthur J. Gonzalez recognized the damage inflicted on investors, but said that the law did not permit him to place the costs for the plan administration onto Enron's estate.
For an hour yesterday, City Hall looked a bit like the United Nations, as the glare of TV cameras from CNN and networks in Japan, Germany, Spain and France seized on every word of local politicians more used to discussing trash pickups and parking regulations than foreign policy.
It has also hired a director of quality assurance and is drafting a new contract that it says will clarify what Bernard Haldane will and will not do for job seekers.
That's what makes science exciting.''
On the ABC News program ''This Week,'' Mr. Rumsfeld added that ''it didn't rise to the standard of a presidential speech, but it's not known, for example, that it was inaccurate.
''It can create a dialogue between people who are religious or spiritual and those who are not.''
In the clubhouse, every locker had a T-shirt with a commemorative 300 Wins logo, the same design Clemens tried to wear on his glove during his first attempt to win his 300th 18 days earlier.
Excluding a one-time gain in the year-earlier period, income at Reliance was up 41 percent.
Rose bought his first horse for $800 in 1951, then became a full-time trainer in 1968.
''Here they are about to go to war, and now we have this terrible accident right here at home.''
The Texas lawsuit, which was one of the first to be filed, has turned up some evidence unfavorable to the pharmaceutical companies, said Jeff Boyd, deputy attorney general for general litigation.
Other experts, including statisticians, will review the information-seeking factors that might explain why some patients deteriorate rapidly while others have only mild symptoms.
Then the show closes with ''Violinist at the Window,'' painted in 1918, when Matisse was nearly 50, and ''The Shadow,'' from 1953, when Picasso was 72.
Both documentaries are sardonic, informative and fun: the perfect cocktail for self-hating celebrity watchers.
Among those residents are Michael B. Stewart, whose businesses in the area includes Orient Farms, where he grows garlic; and High Rock Holding L.L.C., a geothermal power company.
To save money for car or bus trips to New Orleans or the Gulf Coast beaches or to raves as far away as Miami, Mr. Alexandrov and three other students rent a room from an elderly woman 15 miles from campus.
''I felt good last week against the Giants,'' Testaverde added.
But Taylor wanted more than a uniform for Ayuso.
Kearsarge and a Confederate raider, the C.S.S.
SOCIETY OF SEVEN, in the main showroom of the Outrigger Waikiki Hotel (808-922-6408), is an improvisational revue blending comedy sketches, music and celebrity impersonations.
This novel braids together three stories, all set in Provence: the first concerns a cultivated aristocrat who wrestles with his faith in the twilight of the Roman Empire, the second a 14th-century poet who discovers a manuscript written by the aristocrat.
Palestinians said that the youth was shot for violating a curfew, but the army said that he threw explosives before the troops killed him.
Crumble bacon evenly over fillets, and sprinkle with diced gherkins.
Players with that condition can sustain concussions from hits that do not seem too serious, or it takes them longer to recover from a concussion than it had in the past.
Earlier, health workers were advised to wear only one set of gloves and gown and a special mask.
I don't beat around the bushes.
But days of confusion and red tape followed.
CROSS-Richard J., Dr. 87, of Princeton, NJ, died January 20th.
Le Sommelier, Bredgade 63-65; (45) 33 11 45 15.
''We're at risk of becoming too dependent on one area if we don't achieve a wider mix of transactional interchanges.''
In South Carolina in 1964, a teenage girl tries to discover the secret to her mother's past.
He has been written off before.
Rehearings by larger panels of federal appeals courts are rare, and the rules of the court, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, say such rehearings should be granted only in cases in involving ''a question of exceptional importance.''
The main post office at 33rd Street and Eighth Avenue will be open.
Holding Company for about $73.5 million to add banks in the state.
When my 10-year-old, Jasmine, cried, ''Oh, I want to go to a diamond mine,'' I was downloading ''Diamonds, New York State,'' before you could say, ''Will I have to dig?''
We sat in on a class where a U.S. police trainer and his translator were going through the basics of how to start an interrogation.
It is the fifth-largest publisher, and the possibility of its acquisition by Random House touches perennial fears among authors and agents about industry consolidation.
You go wash in the sea, and then you feel like new.
We went to some small villages along the canals of the Euphrates; many people had never seen Westerners before.
Next came the North Carolina Youth Tap Ensemble -- Elena Steponaitis, Danielle Purifoy and Whitney Sogol: a tapping beanpole, a small ripe peach and a tomboy with braids -- in ''That Bullfrog Shuffle,'' a bluegrass tap number choreographed by Ms. Dorrance.
''I'll tell you one thing, watching him play every day was one of the most pleasureful things in basketball,'' Thorn said.
Later stories suffer from a different sort of contrivance.
While some complex humanitarian emergencies are addressed successfully, many are not readily resolved, dragging on for years or reappearing over time.
.4:50:07 20721 Sheff, J, 33F .
Lembeck felt the wine gained richness from exposure to air.
A porcelain demitasse from Pan Am's flying boats is worth $550, he said.
This little gem of a book offers sage advice on everything from downsizing to diet and exercise.
The returning oystermen lent a welcome note of authenticity to the cheerful artifice that is F.I.S.H.
Dashboard Confessional's third album for Vagrant, ''A Mark, A Mission, A Brand, A Scar,'' was No.
''That game kind of galvanized the Eagles,'' Giants running back Tiki Barber said during a conference call on Wednesday.
A spokesman for the Office of Management and Budget, Trent Duffy, said the Waxman-Dingell letter was under review.
It is quite hypnotic, gripping you as you come around a corner into the show's final room.
Nearly three years after France won the silver medal at the Sydney Olympics, Tony Parker, 21 and homegrown, is the starting point guard for the San Antonio Spurs as they play for the N.B.A.
Silver tequila, also called blanco or plata, is bottled immediately after distillation.
But Mr. Ito readily acknowledges the downside.
Yesterday, Ms. Rice said Mr. Powell's decision had not been driven by any new information but by longstanding concerns in the State Department's own intelligence branch about whether the data was reliable.
This is the world of Terrance Brennan's Seafood and Chophouse, a one-way ticket back to the early years of the Kennedy administration, when fine dining meant big, juicy steaks and four-pound lobsters, followed by baked Alaska and crêpes suzette.
Mr. Isamuddin, better known as Hambali, was captured by the Central Intelligence Agency in Thailand in August.
With the steady shift over the past century of agriculture to the Midwest and the Plains, along with the replacement of wood heat with coal, oil and gas, the East Coast's forests have, by and large, been allowed to flourish.
that Ms. Leung had refused to take a polygraph test in 1991, the authorities said.
ARTHUR LEE AND LOVE -- There's no reason Arthur Lee, the leader of the 60's Los Angeles psychedelic pop band Love, shouldn't be a wreck: his 15 minutes of fame were followed not only by lots of career trouble, but by jail time as well.
What was it about heading Brookhaven that intrigued you?
He eventually left CORE over internal squabbling and worked in a number of antipoverty programs in Suffolk County and New York before landing a job at CUNY, where he earned a doctorate in urban education.
Mr. Macaulay had drawn the previous books without building models of the structures.
The stores to be closed are in Ohio, West Virginia, Pennsylvania and New York.
Tonight at 8; tickets are $25 (Pareles).
Swirling sandstorms prevented the Americans from calling in air cover.
More than 500 people have been evacuated.
Having experienced the great European boulevards only through the photos of a book in my parents' house -- ''Europe in Color,'' published by Holiday magazine -- I'd saunter down the Literary Walk and pretend I was on a great European rue or strasse.
Arthur was admired by friends and family alike.
Could it have ended differently?
My shoulder ached from repeated casting, and the dry patch on my fishing vest began to resemble the bargain bin of a fly shop, with various bedraggled patterns freshly rejected by the Horse hanging in a clump.
Mr. Rader and many of the nation's 148 million other wireless customers will no longer be locked in after Nov. 24, yet the question is whether freedom can be achieved without chaos.
Jones writes with a sense of narrative foreboding undercut by the erratic nature of events, and the result is a portrait of a society that is seemingly immutable but as tentative and fragile as the map of the Americas for which the novel is titled, hung on the local sheriff's wall.
Founder and President of Mermaid Seafood, Inc., of Greenwich, CT.
In ''Lightning Man,'' the historian Kenneth Silverman lays out with great thoroughness the troubled busy life of Samuel F. B. Morse, the telegraph's inventor.
At the movement's forefront was the architect Lazar Khidekel, a protégé of Marc Chagall.
On another occasion, Mr. Silvester said, he selected an investment firm, Pioneer Capital, although he was dubious of its merits because ''it was favored by the governor.''
He pointed out that while such sprays kill on contact, they usually have only a limited residual effect.
Sometimes you have to get kicked in the teeth.''
Neither of those offices seems deeply involved in the plan, he said.
They have also challenged Mr. McGreevey to prove his political independence by rescinding the $24 million for the sports arena.
The award for best actor was shared by Ohad Knoller, for ''Yossi & Jagger,'' the Israeli film about two gay lovers in the Israeli Army, and Igor Bares, for ''Some Secrets (Vylet).''
''This is an agency in crisis,'' Mr. Brodsky said yesterday.
Aearo is one of several American companies that produce N95 respiratory masks, which block 95 percent of solid and liquid particles that do not contain oil.
's choice, this month in the rotating chairmanship) and Adnan Pachachi (Sunni, former foreign minister, supported by the Egyptians, Saudis and Jacques Chirac).
Frum's omissions do not necessarily signal any lack of debate in the West Wing.
So it was not surprising that some Fed elders seemed wary, as if they were at a family reunion and welcoming a distant cousin about whom they had heard only puzzling rumors.
''If you pick up your marbles and leave the game, you're just another schismatic church listed in the Yellow Pages of any major city in America,'' said James Solheim, a spokesman for the Episcopal Church.
Sales rose to $4.62 billion from $4.39 billion.
In 1965, after the rules changed, she was appointed to an endowed chair as a professor of psychology, and the Gibsons became one of the first married couples in a single department at the university.
''Their officers have cut and run,'' a Marine intelligence officer said this morning, adding that many of the Iraqi officers appeared to have fled to the city of Basra.
The Court began its substantive discussion in Bowers as follows: ''The issue presented is whether the federal Constitution confers a fundamental right upon homosexuals to engage in sodomy and hence invalidates the laws of the many states that still make such conduct illegal and have done so for a very long time.''
Both teams carried heavy emotional baggage.
Memorial service at St. James Episcopal Church, Madison Avenue at 71 Street Thursday December 4th, 1PM.
''The event is not just about meeting artists and seeing artworks,'' Ms. Kauder said.
What exactly has been won?
Greg Danielson had 14 points and 11 rebounds for Drake (5-8, 0-2); Luke McDonald and J.J. Sola each added 13 points.
Wife of the late Phillip.
Transit officials posted notices beginning last weekend announcing that, as part of the painful but badly needed $180 million renovation of the Times Square station, the little entrance would be closed until the end of this year.
Mr. Light and Mr. Bell described them in broad terms, pledging they will be more relevant and fun than current campaigns, infused with music and other contemporary elements.
''On Top of the World'' sets out to tell the story of Cantor Fitzgerald's tragedy, and its survival, largely from its chairman's point of view; the book is interspersed with long passages in Lutnick's own voice.
''Its game plan all along has been to cripple the Big East and take for itself the value of all that has been created.''
The American International Group announced a shuffling of senior managers yesterday that appears to put two of its most highly regarded executives in competition to succeed Maurice R. Greenberg eventually as chief executive.
Mr. Armstrong acknowledges, however, that the bank is not likely to replicate such stringent conditions elsewhere.
Some, the sergeant added, wore black suits, described by some Iraqis as the uniform of the Saddam Feydayeen, a militia of die-hard loyalists of Saddam Hussein.
After shooting Ms. Benson once with an unlicensed .45-caliber handgun, Mr. Ambrosino -- who had served in the merchant marines, had been unemployed for about a year and was a candidate to become a New York City firefighter -- immediately shot himself dead.
The need to commit troops indefinitely.
Flan was dense and concentrated, with bracing jolts of espresso and cinnamon.
Mr. Davis and his supporters were dealt another potentially devastating blow when Ms. Feinstein said in the telephone news conference that although she opposed a Democrat's stepping in, she would not try to dissuade one from doing so.
For 2003, Buick spruced up the Ultra, the fanciest Park Avenue, by restoring a Buick signature of the 1950's through the early 80's: porthole trim atop the front fenders.
That, and the sense of wit to recognize our essential folly, is plenty.
The chief spokesman for President Chen, James Huang, said Wednesday that the passage of the resolutions was not enough, unless the votes prompted China to comply, an action that experts agree is very unlikely.
As for the report's assessment that the plan is more ambitious than the current government financing of $1.7 billion for climate research can support, Dr. Mahoney, of the Commerce Department, acknowledged that the budget was not likely to grow significantly this year or next, but noted that most other government programs were experiencing significant cuts.
Though it would profit from a broader canvas, it has the virtue of an appealing performance by Piter Fattouche, who reappears in ''Vert-Galant,'' the strongest of the evening's plays.
If they fail, the court may well impose a solution.
''But if we do, we will use it aggressively, assertively and fairly.''
''And I am unfortunately an honest woman.
A fine example comes in recent pieces on the program on Tuesday that opened the run of Buglisi/Foreman Dance at the Joyce Theater.
Across the country, people of various faiths drew on their beliefs of something beyond death to explain the disaster, and to find comfort.
The alert, which has led to the suspension of British Airways flights and warnings to Americans and Britons to avoid travel here, has rankled many Kenyans, who see themselves as caught up in a conflict not of their own making.
But Later He Did Well, Twang You Very Much O.K., the weekend is here, and Boldface recommends that you put down the paper, stand up, and start wailing, ''I'm a Soul Man (doo wopa, doo doo wam), I'm a Soul Man.''
Hearings on New York's performance on Aug. 14 are scheduled for Wednesday in Albany.
But when this year's Tour de France is over -- and I am rooting for Lance Armstrong -- the public should focus on making the Postal Service more accountable for its marketing and sponsorship as well as for its operations as a whole.
If the figures are accurate, he said, then the drop in the male-female ratio could well reflect a striking loss of men, who were either victims of violence or fled abroad to avoid it.
But the trouble with being Ralph Lauren is that he inevitably makes you demand more of him, especially at a time when there seems to be so much more about American style to comment upon than a cricket sweater (not exactly America's game, anyway).
But no sooner had they stepped forward than Tozi Ben, a Xhosa woman, announced that Happy was actually of mixed race, or colored as they say here, the issue of a romance between her cousin and a white Zimbabwean shopkeeper.
''We don't tolerate and condone sexual harassment, much less sexual assault.
The Europeans are to arrive first, early Christmas morning (late Christmas Eve, in American time zones).
The Giants have played like the last-place team they are.
A water main break here Tuesday morning sent residents scurrying to boil tap water, purchase bottled water and retrieve children from schools that closed early.
Boston has earned the distinction three times, New York twice, and Chicago and Philadelphia have each done it once.
But, he added, ''I would be more impressed if the companies that are selling the PC's said they saw a pickup.''
They see a man of resolve.
Compuware Expects Quarterly Loss Compuware expects to post a loss for its second quarter of 2 cents a share, missing Wall Street expectations that the software and services company would report a profit.
In addition, federal and state governments need to reinstitute a highly successful program, the capitation grant program, used in the early 1970's to increase the number of students admitted to schools of nursing.
And Richard Nagy has a pair of wonderful watercolors by the Weimar satirist George Grosz, pictures of swinish businessmen in cafes made with razor sharp lines and delicate washes of cheerful color.
James Yee, also known as Youseff Yee, a Muslim chaplain at Guantánamo.
The insider sell-buy ratio in July was $32.21, which is the highest reading it has been in over two years, since May of 2001.
But, with free agency looming, Ponson picked the right time to shape up and blossom.
Ms. Zou's computer training program is financed by the September 11 Fund.
In the replay the bidding and play were almost identical.
For instructions on how to donate stock to the fund, call (212) 556-1137 or fax (212) 556-4450.
will not exist in its current form when its contract expires after the 2005 season, according to university presidents from within and outside the system who are holding discussions to make it more inclusive.
The two lives rarely meet: very few of Mr. Starr's post-1989 songs have found a place in the All-Starr sets, which are dominated by the likes of ''Yellow Submarine'' and ''You're Sixteen.''
For me, it had to be: Goodbye, Keats and Shelley; hello, Pratt & Lambert.
(All ages) 6 10 34 PHILADELPHIA CHICKENS, written and illustrated by Sandra Boynton.
Most of our bombs are precision-guided.
In his mind's eye and ear, then, he could revisit the opera whenever he needed comfort and inspiration.
After 10 Bd3, Sasikiran had to play 10 .
The recent slump is not having a disastrous effect on ticket sales for Broadway as a whole.
The arrows and other keyboard buttons act as controllers.
Such pressure is being felt across a broad spectrum of industries in the United States, and the farming out of all kinds of work once done only or largely domestically has been increasing rapidly.
The Board of Governors of the International Atomic Energy Agency is scheduled to take up a resolution this week by France, Germany and Britain that seeks to compel Iran to halt enrichment and reprocessing of uranium and holds out the lure of cooperation, including sharing nuclear technology for civilian use.
Manufacturing in the United States remains stagnant, with ever greater numbers of domestic producers being eclipsed by low-wage rivals in China.
Mr. Bush's plan would raise the standard deduction for any married couple.
In fact, my puppy, who gnaws on the napes of small dogs, has been called a threat.
The company has a robust product pipeline, he said, and works with bigger companies like Medimmune, which uses Applied Molecular's protein immunization technology to improve some drugs.
Her mother teaches history and Danish literature at the Tibbeaupskolen, a public shool in Espergaerde, Denmark.
Cassatt painted a charming pastel of Louisine with Electra in 1895.
There comes a time when you've got to go out and get it done.''
White Stadium today, and so was the grass.
The next morning, we set out early for Xiahe.
There are eight of them with lockers along one wall at Legends Field.
Thabiso Phokompe designed a backdrop that, thanks to Tyler Micoleau's lighting, at various times resembled burlap, animal hides and tree bark.
But he also demonstrated a knowledge of many of the issues facing the state.
So who needs snob appeal?
During tough economic times, increasing real estate values, tax revenues and jobs are appealing, said the county executive, Robert Bondi.
''The bottom line is, we're trying to get as much information out there as possible.''
Welsh posted bail and was released this afternoon.
It's an abuse of the competitive bidding process.
Although it is the largest art school in Canada, it is a chronically underfinanced public institution.
Though the gel is a serious crime-fighting tool, occasionally it is used for practical jokes.
Amonte has scored at least a point in the last nine games, six goals and seven assists.
Restaurateurs and bar owners staged a last-ditch effort today to delay Nassau County's new smoking ban, which is set to take effect at midnight Friday.
When the case was argued in March, the telemarketing company's lawyer, Eric Copilevitz, told the justices that under its contract, the company spent some of the money it retained on educational activities on the charity's behalf.
Randy Hendricks, one of Clemens's agents, said the Red Sox's final offer included just one guaranteed season.
''The photographer allows us to see the gaze which, in this century, has changed ours the most,'' the narration tells us, as Mr. Marker uses his own camera like a cat to prowl about the picture.
Violent crime is rare, and, they say, there has never been a death attributed to hard partying during prom season.
We want to help, not undermine you.
.4:57:27 22664 Lowther, E, 31M .
Twice a week, Tae C. Ko, 62, a retired businessman from Bedford, N.Y., gets into his Porsche and drives 45 minutes down from bucolic northern Westchester to New York City for a round of golf.
The dunes in places measure up to 385 feet in height, it claims: ''Truly a must see!''
Later, he said obliquely, ''there were transgressive elements involved.''
The version of the resolution expected to pass on Wednesday leaves open the option of war as a last resort, while the much more strongly worded original draft opposed allowing President Bush to unilaterally declare war against Iraq without the authority of the United Nations.
On Saturday, when the Legislature reached agreement on the details of the income tax surcharge, Mr. Bloomberg left town to attend the Kentucky Derby at the invitation of Representative Harold Rogers.
''And they asked me for autographs.''
Finding other people for a pickup game of volleyball in the pool with his three children is always a vacation highlight.
Bowery's influence would continue to grow, particularly on the emerging generation of young British artists led by Damien Hirst.
''I defy anyone to say that it is not a good thing for the region and the state,'' he said.
So, too, for a white applicant with near-perfect scores and grades who is passed over in favor of a minority applicant at the same high school with lower scores and grades.
Edwards said that it took two unusual personalities, both strong-minded, to accept such a plan, particularly because the implication is that the coaches do not feel comfortable with Testaverde's ability to come off the bench cold if he has to replace Pennington.
The study, ''New York City's Economy Before and After Sept. 11,'' found that both builders and buyers in the metropolitan area remained ready to put their money into the brick-and-mortar certainty of housing, surpassing even the continuing firmness of the national real estate market.
''We were all bleeding orange last year.''
''The process was conducted in a statistically sound manner.''
The party was apparently a last-minute, late-night idea, his family said.
Democratic strategists are betting that the presence of Mr. Bustamante, the first statewide Latino officer-holder in 100 years, will draw Hispanics to the polls to vote no on the recall, as Mr. Bustamante is urging them to do.
But Yashin has scored in two games in a row, and he had not done that since October.
But Mr. Shepherdson said that banks' pronouncements about demand for new loans could hint at a turnaround soon in the economy.
Awareness of the pills seems to be growing as well: a Kaiser Family Foundation survey, to be published in Self magazine next month, found that 6 percent of American women had used them, triple the percentage three years ago.
Gaultier tried to sound chipper as he spoke to Potard.
''There was a certain magic about a Polaroid photograph that no other photography product could deliver, in its 'now-ness,' its immediacy, capturing a moment while in the moment,'' Mr. Berger said.
Genia, his long-suffering wife, wears her fidelity on her sleeve until she is tempted by a neighbor's son.
''Things should start moving so people have a reason to have hope,'' said Roland Huguenin-Benjamin, a spokesman for the International Committee of the Red Cross.
As the hours ticked away toward the time set for Mr. Bush's televised address setting a 48-hour ultimatum for the Iraqi leader to quit power -- 4 a.m. Tuesday in Baghdad -- reporters for Western newspapers and television channels who have been working in Baghdad engaged in their own debate about whether to stay or leave, and a growing number chose to depart.
''The real value is people who yank the conversation in places you never thought of,'' he said.
In April, the vacancy rate for commercial space in Hoboken was 11.4 percent, Insignia/ESG reported.
Dave Barry is, well, Dave Barry.
This team was nothing two and a half years ago.
(The bubbles are sold as a set: 19 for $7,700.)
The city's Commission on Human Rights distributed 11,800 written surveys in six different languages throughout the city.
''The respirator program was totally ineffective,'' the official wrote.
That compared with $16.75 billion in sales in last year's second quarter.
The pass from Ramsey was tipped by tackle Darwin Walker, who was in the Washington backfield often while turning in a spirited game.
But other experts said Mr. Muhammad might have displayed a softer, more human side.
Ms. Cao says she has not suffered health problems except for irregular periods.
The new Elizabeth Mascia infant center, the product of unusually deep community roots, is an anomaly.
But SARS has now been reported in many interior provinces, raising the specter of a wider epidemic.
I was thinking of that cool water a few days later, back in sunny Nouméa; we were on our way to the arid Grand Sud to explore Grand Terre's prison colony past in Prony.
Circus Oz is not above a bit of iconoclasm, comic sadism, bathroom humor or pacifist politics.
''It's a really good hint that by September or October employment will be taking off, because at some point these companies can't expand without more people,'' said Russell Sheldon, a senior economist at BMO Nesbitt Burns in Toronto.
he cries day after day.
A hundred years ago, spring was egg season.
Tentative advances of foreign investment are routinely slowed or stopped by bureaucratic whim, but some investment continues.
His job was ''about to take on all kinds of new, high-stakes dimensions'' that could ''make or break'' his career.
What it can do, alas, and quite readily, is make a crowd into a valuable commodity -- a point made often by the leading chronicler of flash mobs, the blog (of course) www.cheesebikini.com.
''To be perfectly frank, if they weren't already up for auction, I wouldn't sell them,'' he said, explaining that he was not quite sure where they had been since the early 1960's or how they had ended up in the sale.
Clemens will never concede that he was inspired by his departure from Boston, or by Duquette's comment that Clemens was in the twilight of his career.
''Urban people, poor people, deserve the same caliber of services as anyone else,'' he said.
Many stores are not pursing certification, particularly traditional supermarket chains that sell nonorganic as well as organic produce, meats and other foods.
Some of them said they feared that the bank's legal troubles were an inevitable result of a hasty and costly entry into unfamiliar terrain.
The site is thought to contain the remains of people who disappeared when Mr. Hussein's government crushed an uprising by Shiite Muslims after the Persian Gulf war of 1991.
Reached at home, the family had no comment, but Mr. Karben said the Horovitzes, who have seven other children in what is normally a bustling household, were ''still, somber and unwilling to accept what happened.''
They drew closer soon after seeing ''Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring.''
Wesley Clark's father was Jewish.
The venture capital firm Warburg Pincus, for example, has a regional office in Singapore, but a spokeswoman said that it does most of its financing in North Asia and India.
''Finding Nemo'' is a splashy hit -- one of the only summer blockbusters that hasn't been either a critical or a financial disappointment, or both.
As the store's catalog increases and spreads to Windows, and as competitors follow Apple's lead, many more will follow.
But her group had also placed 12 books on the hardcover best-seller lists, more than any other house in the company.
After a long discourse on the weapons, Mrs. Bush caught herself and suddenly said, as if she were speaking out of school, ''Why am I talking about politics?''
He visited Connecticut this month to do a preliminary survey, in the hopes that some museum volunteers might be able to move it to keep the cost down.
''Their personal return and their business return is one and the same.''
In her mother's eyes, Anna is loutish and irresponsible; to her daughter, Tess is an uptight control freak.
His message was a blend of Corinthians and Hallmark, gospel truth and pop psychology, rendered in the style of a convention center motivational speech.
They are urging the panel to leave Title IX alone.
Because of Cornell Capa's charismatic leadership, the center developed a reputation as an institutionalized homage to ''concerned photography,'' a throwback to a time when it was believed that the heroic efforts of photojournalists and documentary photographers could unite the world.
Well, Winston Churchill once said there was nothing so exhilarating as to be shot at without results.''
In the interview and in his book he praised Jonathan Franzen as a writer, while bemoaning the limitations of ambition in ''The Corrections,'' his much praised and best-selling novel.
But the unpleasant environment had one big plus: it kept nosy people away.
For long stretches, he huddles silently in the back corner, his head sunk into his bulky jacket.
I can't imagine that the regime has any popular support.
or cable lines, up from 19.9 million at the beginning of the year.
Agrilink Foods Inc., the maker of Birds Eye vegetables, said yesterday that it would close six frozen-vegetable processing plants and lay off about 260 employees to cut costs.
Like other middle-class Argentines, the Brofmans, whose household includes their two daughters, aged 9 and 13, and their widowed mothers, were severely battered by the collapse of the economy here last year.
In Hamburg, about 400 vendors, who sell the monthly for the equivalent of about $1.70, are allowed to keep about 90 cents of the proceeds.
He joined peace advocates in marching from Jerusalem to Amman, Jordan, and marched from San Francisco to Modesto, Calif., with migrant workers.
''I'm doing everything I can to survive, but I'm optimistic,'' Mr. Taufa said.
Here's how it works: A woman sits at a table while a man chats her up for three minutes and then moves on to the next woman and another man sits down in his place.
In the montage of newspaper images that introduces Part 1, the major symbol of this change is television, and one of the first things we see as the story begins is a boxy old set being hauled up the stairs of a Rome apartment building.
She attended middle school there and graduated from Rockville HS in 1986.
The officers, Board of Directors, and staff of UJA-Federation of New York mourn the passing of Susan Hurowitz, a cherished friend of UJA-Federation who expressed her commitment to the Jewish community through her efforts on behalf of our Women's Campaign.
Paterno has been Penn State's coach since 1966 and is one of the legends of his craft.
A picture of EINSTEIN, and right next to Einstein was MARILYN MONROE.
Nasdaq has been losing some of its share of trading to newer electronic communications networks, including Brut and Reuters's Instinet system.
She also started to cook.
In the results list, the upgraded résumés appear with a faintly shaded background and an orange check mark -- a distinction employers may or may not bother to decipher by reading the key at the bottom of the page.
Meir's failures shaped the current contours of Israeli politics: a dominant, West Bank-obsessed Likud reliant on a Sephardic base, and a fading Ashkenazic Labor Party baffled by its ongoing failure to get Israelis to listen to it anymore.
On the basketball court, Bryant will be in his chosen place, and if some curious people in cities with losing teams buy tickets to a Lakers game out of curiosity, there may be a minor short-term gain.
''Black will always be best and most popular,'' said Francesca Sterlacci, chairwoman of the fashion design department at the Fashion Institute of Technology.
The inquiry will focus on everything from the process of choosing a transplant candidate to quality assurance, William Van Slyke, a spokesman for the State Health Department, said yesterday.
Citigroup and Goldman, Sachs are serving as financial advisers to Vivendi.
1-D East Village Through Dec. 13 Once upon a time, in the 1980's, handmade art and mechanically produced art -- Neo-Expressionism and appropriation art -- represented the twain that could not meet.
With Mr. Schröder insisting he will not change his stance, a political battle seems to be building while public opinion -- despite Sunday's vote -- seems to be as strongly anti-war as ever.
Cole were treated as criminal matters instead of the terrorist acts they were.''
It looked more like a piece of retread tire than part of a spaceship. ''
To compile the information, some bishops have had to comb through files that are decades old.
''This will allow us to go right into the design of the next projects as we're finishing up UConn 2000,'' said Larry G. Schilling, executive director of architectural and engineering services at UConn.
General Petraeus appears determined to carry off a leading role in a war that much of the world has refused to endorse.
''The cost of the system will vary depending upon the components used, the complexity of the installation, and the cost of local labor,'' he said.
''The true creativity is in marshalling it all, bringing everything together in ways that might never have been dreamed of,'' said David Salesin, a professor at the University of Washington and a senior researcher at Microsoft.
One client in particular, Max Cooper, taught me about innovation.
That is very hard to maintain under the pressures that are here now.''
''There would be dancing and drinking until the sun came up,'' said Kassim Salman, an Iraqi tour guide who used to partake of the night life.
Ms. Moore, now 19, is not abandoning pop music, but she is aiming to make her career transition by way of movies, as well as hair dye.
Because a dim light warmed us yesterday, and we could go outdoors without a jacket, and because we are younger than we were last week, let's play.
''I guess with some small villages you feel it is cliques.
Her mother, also retired, was the medical records coordinator at the Roseland Surgical Center in Roseland, N.J.
(This from a pro who is so at ease underwater that he once kissed a grouper on its forehead.)
PARQUE HAS TENDINITIS IN SHOULDER: The Tampa Bay Devil Rays placed pitcher Jim Parque on the 15-day disabled list yesterday with tendinitis in his left shoulder.
I believe I hit a rock.''
Touché, though at least Jordan qualified as a legitimate icon in America, as Matsui does in Japan.
It is favored by expatriates living in Phnom Penh and Cambodia's small political elite.
I decided I wanted to create a place with that same feeling, a place where young creative artists can sit amongst their mentors and shoot the breeze.
Because Ms. Mack, at 26, is a younger artist, viewers can very often find obvious influences.
In a slightly different version of the story, others say that the deli's first owner was himself a killer and that a subsequent proprietor made up the sandwich as a form of hamburger homage.
The student did not know he had been exposed to the SARS virus.
Stockpiles fell 0.1 percent for the month, to $290.6 billion, the first decrease since October, the Commerce Department said in Washington.
Funeral Service 10:30AM Thursday, Vander Plaat Memorial Home, S. 113 Farview Ave, Paramus, N.J. Entombment Garden of Memories, Paramus, N.J.
James D. Bentley, senior vice president of the American Hospital Association, said: ''The problem is, we tend to organize these drills in a way I'll call nondisruptive drills, on Saturday morning, with off-shift nurses and firemen.
Instead, it is emphasizing its advantage as the largest producer of chips for consumer electronics and a leading maker of high-capacity flash memory chips, which provide the brains for mobile phones and other premium gadgets.
The ampelman that was spray painted on a crumbling wall was toting a tommy gun, and was accompanied by words that read, ''Defende your country from U.S.
Another guy didn't lead what I would call a religious life off the field, but wrote Scripture on his bat.''
At 26, he was through as a pitcher.
''He has nothing to say but is so kind as to bestow on me the hours which hang heavy on his hands.''
Later, Palestinian lawmakers voted 48 to 13 to confirm Mr. Qurei's government, ending two months of political uncertainty that followed the resignation of the previous prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas.
A16 CIRCUITS G1-8 A Robotic Road Trip In a contest to develop a robotic vehicle that can drive itself for hundreds of miles across rugged terrain, teams will compete next March in the Grand Challenge, sponsored by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or Darpa, an arm of the Defense Department.
(Early on, a Japanese head chef wanted to do things the traditional way, the owner says, not the Flirt way.)
''I used all those things to make it real for myself,'' he said: he needed to research the Greek-American immigrant experience and Greek folklore as extensively as the genetics.
Volkswagen also uses many imported parts.
She has played for the national team since the age of 15, and she looks forward to the time off, the chance to jog for fun instead of fitness, to talk to her parents regularly in person instead of by phone.
Mr. Wieden recalled that ''there was a bit of faith involved.''
A plaintiffs' attorney, William H. Gordon, pressed him on that issue in the deposition, which was taken on June 10.
One, Yumiko Huffer, of Nashville, said her 17-year-old son had complained of mistreatment and had begged her to be sent home.
And then, with an apologetic glance weighted with bad memories, he gently explains, ''I am sorry to say I have difficulty playing with her now.''
In another sign of their irritation with American allies, aides to Mr. Bush said they were intensifying efforts to line up support elsewhere in Europe and would try to portray France and Germany as holdouts against a quick Security Council indictment of Iraq.
The findings are similar to ones Dr. Kurth reported earlier this year involving men, based on data from the long-term Physicians' Health Study.
The managers also own shares of Biosite, a company in San Diego that develops tests to improve doctors' ability to diagnose disease.
''The only other people there were several planes of American soldiers coming back from Afghanistan,'' he said.
This was one more than a publicist had given us the last time we saw Mr. Pacino.
Mr. Recchia will now lose some Russian voters to District 48, adding Italian-Americans in their stead, which would presumably help him retain his seat.
Her response to the news: she puts on her full-dress E.M.T.
Judge Zeiher cited a videotape of the market made by the men before the attack.
As mining companies see the advantages of proximity to China, exploration is soaring.
Mass of Christian Burial is Thursday 11 A.M. at the Church of the Resurrection, Rye, New York.
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Thomas have had tense relations for several years.
The two sides appeared to be talking past each other much of last week, with neither side reporting progress.
In his zeal for the spotlight, Mr. Garamendi is an anomaly among the 51 insurance regulators in each of the states and the District of Columbia.
Users of the Alexandria software will visit the Web site and see a sumptuously illustrated library, with calling cards and stacks, that will link them to online texts much like a standard commercial browser.
The apparent image change is the culmination of two years' effort by Mr. Sanader to reinvent the party, even in some cases expelling extremists, some of whom were implicated in war crimes committed against Serbs in the 1990's wars.
''This is my ticket to a better life,'' says one of the women in a whisper filled with great expectations.
When the road opened, I heard people say, 'I didn't get anything done today because every car that came up the road, I tried to find out who it belonged to.'
In the process, at least 100,000 of the 250,000 marsh Arabs were displaced within Iraq; an additional 40,000 fled to Iran.
The council's director, Neena Quirion, said one participant who was paying $1,600 a year in the United States for the cancer drug tamoxifen now pays $85 a year for it in Canada.
''It is our bread and butter back in the state,'' said a spokesman for the senator.
The village of Stuyvesant, toward the east of the neighborhood, was more affluent, while the village of Bedford to the west was a larger but less prosperous enclave, she said.
The MetroStars' Richie Williams said of the goal: ''One of the best I've seen.
Mr. Obasanjo has offered Mr. Taylor ''safe haven,'' but has not said whether that would include shielding him from prosecution.
The complex negotiations surround a measure to be introduced on Wednesday by the tobacco state senators that would bring an end to federal assistance for tobacco growers.
Both buildings, Mr. Kondylis said, reflect Lincoln Center in texture and color.
He was an adoring husband and wonderful father and will be terribly missed.
Sam Burley, a senior at Penn, sprinted past South Carolina's Otukile Lekote, the 2002 national champion, in the final straightaway to win the men's 800-meter final.
''As he was shot, he attempted to draw his weapon.
He has been playing on Carolina's top line with the captain Ron Francis and the All-Star Jeff O'Neill.
''There's a big impact on farmers and consumers,'' said Thomas Reardon, a professor at Michigan State University who has studied the growth of supermarkets in China.
Biogen, based in Cambridge, Mass., and Idec, based in San Diego, are two of a relative handful of biotechnology companies that are consistently profitable.
He said he suspected some of the carriers were using the war as a cover for reductions they should have made anyway, in response to slower air traffic since spring 2000.
Mr. Oken is white, as were his victims.
programs music for the whole restaurant, including bar areas and lounges for what the trade calls ''before-dining and after-dining.''
However, Mr. Foley did not tell the Senate committee that he felt pressured by Mr. Joseph, officials familiar with his testimony said.
Venezuela may also unload foreign assets, like refineries in the United States that operate under the Citgo chain, which is wholly owned by Petróleos de Venezuela, and other installations in Europe and the Caribbean.
''There will be no lobbying, no discussion of government policy with clients, no meetings about lobbying strategy.''
I saved the Bellagio Botanical Gardens for the next morning, a wise move, since this 55-foot-high conservatory off the main lobby fairly gleamed in the fresh light of day.
A20 Investigators Visit Cuban Base Several military investigators arrived at the naval base at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, to examine security at the prison, which houses some 680 detainees, most of whom were captured in the Afghanistan war.
While Gene Orza, the associate general counsel of the players' union, noted that the results meant that having even two players test positive on a 25-man roster would be above average, no team wants to add even one player who is at risk of suspension.
The project promotes a catchy slogan, ''Hard Time for Gun Crime,'' in its pamphlets and public announcements.
There is enthusiasm in Detroit, thanks to Steve Mariucci and the combination of Joey Harrington and Charles Rogers.
Omischl also enjoyed the night jumping.
Nonetheless, she said that the church would not discourage people from visiting the stump.
In an interview after yesterday's meeting, Mr. Guenther said: ''Everything is proceeding.
An ingenious essay in cultural anthropology that tries to define its subject through art and literature, without respect to the disciplines of history; for Ackroyd, ''Beowulf'' informs Milton, whether he read it or not, and the same English music is heard in Dowland and Britten, Constable and Blake.
''It's very clear that the symphony is at a defining moment in its history,'' said Richard P. Simmons, the chairman, in an interview on Friday.
''This is why this system of organizing works.''
''At that point, they didn't care if he left,'' Jamail said.
's and pickups strike cars -- an issue known in the industry as compatibility.
When Oakland and Tampa Bay go Freddie in Super Bowl XXXVII, look for a harried, hassled, frenetic brand of offense.
She said of accusations of indiscretions: ''It doesn't matter.
The city also brought the Miss USA pageant here, for a time anyway.
Fans also reacted with their pocketbooks.
UNDER AGE 10 -- Not a good idea.
''Secondly, it gives the company time to find a new product for us to build at this plant to keep it open even longer, and we have a gut feeling that something is in the wind.''
Even those who still advocate the dissident cause, and so cannot publish their work in China, admit that they are less isolated.
The central bank cut its growth forecast for this year to about 1.8 percent from the 2.25 percent forecast in May, and said that inflation might not pick up until 2004.
''What 'till is, unarguably,'' he argues with uncharacteristic certitude, ''is a variant spelling of till used by writers who do not know that till is a complete, unabbreviated word in its own right.''
An unforeseen outbreak of a disease like SARS could make spending estimates irrelevant, the council said.
He admitted to telling a grand jury in October 1999 that he bet money but did not work for Mr. Martin.
Three trains later, he arrived in Surf City.
Jeter is conscious of his image, as he acknowledged last week when he responded to Steinbrenner's comments.
'''Eloise really likes her nanny,'' she said.
Survivors include his children, Jeannie Costello of Brooklyn; Dr. Peter Costello of Hicksville, N.Y.; Dr. Joseph Costello of West Islip, N.Y.; John Costello of Hastings-on-Hudson, N.Y.; Mary Kay Theoharides of Hampden, Mass.
Investigators said that they suspected that Mr. King was intoxicated and that a blood sample was drawn.
They could save money by offering lower salaries (for example, 1.5 times their highest faculty-member salary) and seeing whether any candidate on the presidential short list is willing to accept.
Since that meeting in 1999, Mrs. O'Reilly, like hundreds of other parents in Ireland who discovered that their children's organs had been removed without their knowledge, has sought answers to many questions.
''I've been hearing that since the day I joined the company,'' he said.
The discreet store, tucked away at the back of the shopping center, offers customers private fitting rooms.
''The biggest problem is that retail prices are very, very low,'' the chief executive, Jeffery H. Boyd, said.
She is a project manager at White Horse, a Web site development and online marketing company in Portland.
My fur collection is a matter of Spoon having her own tastes in what she likes.''
The company does not require participants in those chat rooms to provide an address or credit card number, as Microsoft says it will now do, but those participants are not able to interact with chat rooms on the paid AOL service, Mr. Graham said.
But President Ronald Reagan wisely chose to contain Libya, not invade it -- and this worked.
Nine herds have been quarantined so far.
He has all of the megalomania of a child born to rule but is frightened to the core by a passing sedan.
''It kind of just came back into me.''
''If we're at the same staff we're at right now, chances are I'll probably be at Columbus, because I'm the 12th man,'' Choate said.
''We were handing them out like cookies,'' said Jessica DeCerce, a spokeswoman for the school.
Educated in Paris at the Sorbonne, she began her career as a translator of French for Tariq Aziz, who served as foreign minister and deputy prime minister in Mr. Hussein's government.
Mr. Havlicek was the event's defending celebrity champion, a title awarded for the number of bluefish and striped bass caught.
He has a romantic's vulnerability (before becoming a vamp, he was an earnest, awful Victorian-era poet) and a rock star's swagger (authoritatively displayed in the show's celebrated 2001 musical episode).
It was a theme from training camp on: win at the Meadowlands, reverse last season's 3-5 home mark, reverse the stigma of not having an eponymous stadium.
The companies are collaborating on chips using code division multiple access technology and will begin sales in the third quarter, they said yesterday.
That environment includes sharply reduced growth of prescriptions in the United States, the industry's most profitable market.
This waterlogged landscape has found an apologist in David Guterson, whose new novel, ''Our Lady of the Forest,'' concerns a teenage runaway named Ann Holmes, who wanders into the November woods and sees a vision of the Virgin Mary.
''HARLEM ON THE VERGE'' by Alice Attie.
Four major companies operate power plants in western Queens generating half the city's load, said Ashok Gupta, an economist at the Natural Resources Defense Council, a private conservation group.
Fending off Oracle so far may have been the easy part.
''Mansion'' is a movie that doesn't really want to evoke reaction; it lacks even the cheesy fear quotient that a film like ''Abbott and Costello Meet the Mummy'' could dredge up.
The court, which under the Constitution has the sole jurisdiction to decide such disputes between states, is expected to decide this year whether to accept the master's report or schedule its own hearing on the matter.
About 25 miles south of Myrtle Beach, adventurous travelers with time to spare may want to leave Route 17 and follow Causeway Road two miles east to Pawleys Island.
In eight previous series in which the Devils had gone up by 3-1, they had never been forced into a seventh game.
But administration officials have described Syria's overall response as unsatisfactory, and they say Syria continues to permit militant groups to use Syria and Lebanon as bases of operation.
Dear Sam, Thanks for the mail.
The defendant, a 40-year-old mechanic named Amrozi, sat alone in the middle of the courtroom, wearing a loose white shirt and rubber sandals and jiggling his knees.
By then, the game had already sold out at the store.
Maybe you remember his battle with the lawn chair in ''A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving.''
''I didn't know if he was alive,'' Mrs. Yee said in Arabic.
''Obesity can be a disability if it's associated with other problems such as mobility problems, breathing problems and heart problems.''
The gain of 11 electoral votes was offset by a loss of 4 from four other Bush states, leaving Mr. Bush with a net gain of 7.
3 on Billboard's Top 200 chart; 945,000 copies have been sold so far.
But only large-caliber muzzle loaders and shotguns firing rifled slugs will be allowed.
In Cairo, Egypt's foreign minister, Ahmed Maher, also held out hope for an 11th-hour diplomatic solution, although no specifics were mentioned.
''Predictably, this will drive plenty of people nuts.''
If we begin to reshape our own genetic code, we could presumably achieve even greater variation among our human descendants.
Or suppose you turn the gods into eerie special effects: they would seem like extraterrestrial psychic forces from ''Star Trek.''
The group included three former chairmen of the Council of Economic Advisers, all of whom had served under Republican presidents.
''What's often missing are the nuances of a personal interaction.''
Still, by showing the movie within the Pentagon and by announcing that publicly, somebody seems to be raising issues that have remained obscure throughout the war against terror.
3239, or $45 and up for the performance only, from (212)581-1212.
Contreras came back out for the eighth inning.
''In the last year, there's been a sea change.''
The scenario went like this: The wine was bottled barely six weeks after harvest but by law could not be released until midnight on the third Thursday of November.
Few meet that standard, but it is one worth striving for.
Sutton said, ''Jeff bringing that up in the first episode might come across as a little too childish for an American audience.''
Loving uncle of John P. and Linda Bermingham and their children, Sarah, John, Brian and Madeline.
Federal and state officials investigating a pipe bomb explosion last month at Yale Law School have searched a second home in nearby Hamden, Conn., a police official said yesterday.
He is also survived by his children, Karen, Stephen and Paul, and his grandchildren, Heather, Maia and Ariana and by his former wife, Carol Pether Winterhalder, all of Northern California.
They even had a celebrity -- Rue McClanahan of ''The Golden Girls.''
(Students should search for references to their country at the NATO Prague Summit Web site available at //www.nato.int/docu/comm/2002/0211-prague/ ).
The Reisleys feel the same way about their house in Usonia, a section of Pleasantville, in Westchester County, laid out by Wright in the 1940's.
The answer is that it can't.
Brent Johnson had 16 saves, and Pavol Demitra scored his fifth goal in five games for the Blues.
Public programs, especially Medicaid, covered more people and cushioned the loss of employer-sponsored health insurance but ''not enough to offset the decline in private coverage,'' the report said.
Norma Shirley made her reputation as one of Jamaica's top chefs at her restaurant in Kingston's Devon House.
delegates what sort of clothing they cannot wear in New York: pastels, pleated pants, khakis, Docksiders and tassels.
On his direction, the following evening I headed for the Irish Film Center, a complex of theaters and a cafe, where an excellent program financed in part by the Irish Film Board over the last 10 years was running, and saw a screening of ''Bloody Sunday,'' the dramatization of the 1972 clash between British forces and Catholics in Londonderry.
Dr Wold is a past Co-Chairman of the Grace Commission Self-Study of Government for the City of Boca Raton and served on the Board of Trustees of Boca Raton Community Hospital for many years.
And I can also live without the shirtless in-line skaters riding past my window with the perfect physiques that make me insecure about my body.
The combination can bring to mind George Ault's great, underappreciated ''Russell's Corners'' paintings of the late 1940's, depicting a cluster of red barns looming out of the night, which brought a rare emotional resonance to Precisionism.
He is moving his solo performance, ''The Last Supper,'' from his kitchen in Park Slope, Brooklyn, to a $4,000-a-month Chelsea loft on Oct. 17.
''It's not an encouraging sign.''
As a result, she said, some of the larger Internet casinos like Golden Palace and Casino on Net, have shifted marketing dollars away from the United States to other countries, including those that allow online gambling.
marking the monotonous miles to South of the Border, the tacky roadside attraction at the North Carolina-South Carolina line.
''Needless to say, we value our advertisers, but it's one of those things where there's news to cover and we're going to cover the news.''
He withdrew all non-Iraqi employees from the country in October after a series of attacks on aid workers and diplomats and the Aug. 19 bombing of the United Nations headquarters in Baghdad, in which the mission chief, Sergio Vieira de Mello, and 21 other people were killed.
Ethan S. Harris could, however.
''I had it in the back of my mind that I want to play competitively in the Masters for 50 years,'' he said in a statement.
Wilkerson bobbled the ball and Sanchez scored from second on the error.
The principal contributors to the human genome sequence are the Sanger Institute near Cambridge in England, which has done 30 percent of the sequence, the Whitehead Institute in Cambridge, Mass., and the Genome Sequencing Center at Washington University in St. Louis.
In a large bowl, combine feta, pine nuts, raisins, 1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil, bread crumbs, garlic, lemon zest, mint and parsley.
A year after their reacquaintance, Dr. Coelho proposed to Dr.
While the writer touches on the isolation of the Little German community in the East Village, I think the answer lies elsewhere.
Yet it is also true that there is a beauty in high school: those long, exhausting hours full of other kids, everyone trying to interpret one another.
The team did not disclose contract terms yesterday, but The Indianapolis Star reported that the deal was for six years and about $4.8 million.
WHERE would Grant have been without Lee?
And Monroe was out the price of a movie ticket.
His care and compassion extended to children, slaves, prostitutes, prisoners and the mentally ill.
It costs $50 a month, with fees for transactions, commissions and listings.
Her songs start with chiming mid-1970's soft-rock and add an occasional grunge power chord or Britpop keyboard as she sings about infatuations and breakups.
SOME analysts warn that investors may soon be receiving a glut of information, making it hard to gauge the quality of the research.
But that influx has increased housing prices in the newly popular neighborhoods.
At Apple's Manhattan store, he spun a compelling set of music using five iPods.
The real increase in speed has been in the time from taking the picture to seeing it.
SOUTH CAROLINA STINGRAYS--Signed RW Ed Courtenay.
to shift forever the gravitational pull for travelers.
You will remain our life pride and joy.
''Changing America, 1945-1975,'' works by 20th-century American photographers, including Arbus, Evans, Faurer, Frank, Friedlander, Klein and Winogrand.
The villages provide most other municipal services, like fire and police protection.
In the 11 months since she was recruited from Honeywell International to help rebuild Tyco, she has barely applied the brakes.
''The public doesn't buy into fighting itself anymore,'' the local promoter Sal Musumeci, who is putting on tonight's card, said.
The 10-year note increased 11/32, to a price of 100 7/32.
''How are we supposed to know it's illegal?''
Yet he managed to avoid official sanction after the American committee's ethics panel, in the endlessly clubby tradition of Olympic sportsmanship, found only an ''appearance'' of conflict of interest.
''The house was used as an observation post by former regime loyalists,'' he said.
She was a member of the Colony Club, where she served as the Governor, the National Society of Colonial Dames, the Holland Dames and the Pilgrims of the United States.
All the great manufacturing plants are gone -- our rubber mills, our copper refining is gone.
There are big, big returns for such little effort.
Either way, he said, ''it has an impact on our credibility -- the next time there is a crisis, our credibility is going to be questioned, just as it was for Lyndon Baines Johnson at the Gulf of Tonkin.''
It is a blunt truth; it might be another version of paper, lifted to the level of X-ray film -- beyond argument, comment or mercy.
The price of oil for May delivery fell $1.21, or 4.3 percent, to $26.91 a barrel at the end of trading today on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
Jennifer Leigh Giglio, the daughter of Laura Vukovich and the stepdaughter of Dr. Robert A. Vukovich of Holmdel, N.J., was married yesterday to Sean-Francis Kane, the son of Catherine and Frank Kane of Manasquan, N.J.
The Chiefs' little big man had reason to continue.
It is at 1 Main Street in Brooklyn, (718) 625-2426; (866) 625-2425 for other showroom locations or www.hadco.net.
The second show, ''Homeland,'' is currently being reviewed by several networks after being passed on recently by ABC.
Mr. Kalugin was elected to the Soviet Parliament that year, giving him a measure of immunity from prosecution.
Accordingly, these chambers remain proscribed.
My condolences are extended to Carol, Susan, Charles, Lisa and David.
The homes on Park End Place, like many in the Gardens, have hollow concrete walls that were precast off site.
For 20 years or more Republicans have been selling ideas that the public likes.
Devoted father of Andrew and his wife Michelle and of Mitchell and his wife Judy.
Brother of Sheila, and uncle of Scott.
At Old Dominion University in Norfolk, Va., Scott E. King, the director for international student and scholar services, said employees could enter data only in the mornings, before institutions on the West Coast had logged on.
In this case, reminders are meant to give the audience a racy frisson of danger, rather than a sober appreciation of the solemn business of war.
Still Zanna, whose self-proclaimed role is to make heartaches go away and find love for everyone, is likely to be a crowd favorite if only because the musical named for him makes you want to believe.
Also worth ordering was one of the steak frites: skirt, rib eye or sirloin.
And feeling thoroughly frazzled and paranoid, I needed to escape to green fields and blue skies.
Today, Dix's place as one of the German masters of the interwar years is again secure.
In 1997 and 1998 Ms. Bardot, who left her film career 30 years ago and became a defender of animal rights, was convicted of inciting racial hatred in published criticism of Arab customs and the role of Islam in France, which is home to five million Muslims.
More simply they are people in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Doubles with tax, $103.24 to $250.87.
Mr. Jordan's film is nominally a remake of Jean-Pierre Melville's 1955 atmospheric poetic noir, ''Bob le Flambeur.''
Shifting, intersecting ranks of dancers define the characters and their intentions in the opening hoedown.
He became a tennis partner of Gershwin's, was fascinated by Hollywood and tried to work his way into the film-scoring business, unsuccessfully.
He said that action did not excuse Iraq's releasing tapes of American prisoners.
But what happens when it's not just TV (or film or record) producers who show a penchant for the new mode?
In pursuit of the divination of the riddle of Franklin Delano Roosevelt, the literature on him is mammoth.
CUBS SIGN BECK: The right-handed reliever Rod Beck, who has 266 career saves but has not pitched since 2001, agreed to a minor league contract with the Chicago Cubs yesterday.
The lawmakers will ask for another follow-up report in 18 months.
''This consent order represents a significant development inO.F.H.E.O's ongoing examination of Freddie Mac's accounting and management practices,'' Armando Falcon Jr., director for the oversight agency, said in a statement yesterday.
''I don't remember their last name -- I stayed two years.''
Cashman, the Yankees' general manager, was not planning to go there this week.
''If they take this step against President Arafat, it will be the end of the Palestinian Authority,'' he said.
The Dow Jones industrial average shed 9.93 points, or 0.1 percent, to 9,803.05.
It will finally give him a proper house.
''I told them, 'We got here together and the reason we were in this position was because of each other,' '' Garnett said.
He went on: ''That was sarcasm.
FOOTNOTES The acclaimed Chinese pianist Lang Lang, 20, will give a master class at 1 p.m. today for students 8 to 18 in the auditorium of the Third Street Music School Settlement at 235 East 11th Street, between Second and Third Avenues, in Manhattan.
When Bruno Bettelheim wrote his landmark study, ''The Uses of Enchantment: The Meaning and Importance of Fairy Tales,'' McQueen was just a small boy.
Other exhibits now at the museum include one of the four remaining largest bills ever issued by the United States: a $100,000 gold note issued in 1934 and depicting Woodrow Wilson.
''We understand that a lot of Democrats are fearful of being 'Dukakised' on this issue,'' said Dianna Wentz, executive director of the Moratorium Campaign, a group founded in Louisiana by Sister Helen Prejean to support the kinds of moratoriums on execution that now exist in Illinois and Maryland.
After the trial was over, a home video was released showing Mr.
''The world has changed; it was time for me to make a change,'' he said.
''I think I liked it better last year when we were picked fourth,'' Bagnoli, who has led the Quakers to five Ivy League football championships in his 11 seasons at the helm, said today at the conference's annual news media day at the Yale Golf Course.
The Taubmans held about 30 percent before the voting agreement contracts formed the blocking group in November.
Buying Sophia would help the G.E.
''We see a decrease in air and business travel, but last summer the Jersey Shore did very well, although it took more people for us to earn the same amount of money.
It is not just that designers have eschewed sheer fabrics or fluid shapes but rather that they have drawn inspiration, sometimes with cartoonish specificity, from the images of armor.
He did not play after May 2 because of the injury.
AIM may also benefit from a recent pullback by Nasdaq in Europe.
The event, a fund-raiser for the New School program, will include performances by Bill Charlap, Joe Lovano, Pat Martino, Jason Moran and Mr. McShann, and silent auction of a Custom Shop Quilt Top Les Paul guitar, donated by Gibson, signed by Mr. Paul and valued at more than $6,000.
But after more than two months recuperating at the Riverhead Foundation, the seal has gained weight and swims around its tank with renewed energy.
On Mexico's demographics -- even today probably its central predicament, because of the legacy of the past -- she notes, ''The Mexican uterus makes nonsense of all public enterprises before they get off the drawing board.''
Williams, who has missed the last 36 games, is scheduled to play five innings in center field on Saturday, seven on Sunday and nine on Monday.
Mr. Neese is not a postal employee.
Small and midsize businesses spend $420 billion on computer-related gear now, and that figure will reach $750 billion by 2006, Mr. Ayala said.
It has been that way for more than a century, and this state's interest has spiked again this spring as the Wild, a third-year N.H.L.
Following the tyrant's death in 1953, he first disposed of the universally feared Beria (who was arrested and shot as a ''spy'') before proceeding gradually to outmaneuver Malenkov and another top rival, Stalin's foreign minister, Vyacheslav Molotov.
''I'm irresistible,'' said the 29-year-old singer in an interview in the boardroom of F. C. Obilic, a soccer club she has presided over since her husband, the previous president, was assassinated three years ago.
The French government has said that it has a gentlemen's agreement with the other 11 nations that use the euro that Mr. Trichet will succeed Wim Duisenberg as president of the European Central Bank.
Some still worried that the influx of Catholic pilgrims might incite violence in a city where Orthodox Serbs are dominant and in a country where hundreds of Catholic churches, chapels, parishes and cemeteries were destroyed during the war.
If the execution proceeds, Mr. Jones will be the third federal inmate executed in recent years.
They were also guaranteed that any losses would not exceed 10 percent.
WHEN Martin Brooks was 14, he and his father, a doctor who loved to garden, tried to cross an eggplant with a tomato.
Hoping to take advantage of those assets, particularly Boone's power, Torre batted him sixth tonight, but said that might change.
The responsibility for these acts of violence falls squarely on the shoulders of those who would attack Jews simply because they are Jewish.
Posada hit .158 in the World Series and a meager .222 over all in October.
From the beginning, the officials said, former loyal members of Mr. Hussein's government -- roundly despised by nearly all Iraqis -- have been carrying out attacks that were planned, at least in concept, even before the Americans arrived in Baghdad.
Every minute that passes is a minute Brian Sabean -- or even Steve Phillips!
''I believe this football team can be successful,'' he said.
How employers would react to a Medicare prescription-drug benefit is unclear, given that many companies are already cutting their coverage.
Jason (Matt Mercer) appears as a kind of modern-day statesman who wins his battles more with wits than with weapons (though there is a thrilling duel with a dragon).
President Bush appropriately said that Mr. Mahathir's comments on Jews were ''wrong and divisive.''
can be had online, but the tariff is an extraordinary $295 per year.
In lieu of flowers, donations to the National Parkinsons Disease Foundation would be appreciated.
A man in a violet robe and a black leather jacket took his information directly to the general.
Actually, Mr. Adamo pretty much backed into his compositional career, which he still describes as ''improbable.''
''It had a huge effect on me,'' said Mr. Currin, who is a hot young figurative painter.
And I suppose I've come to terms with the fact that Los Angeles isn't exactly the place where homespun values are nurtured.
The earthquake began at 2:24 p.m. and had a magnitude of 3.8.
Joyce SoHo, 155 Mercer Street, SoHo (212) 334-7479.
There's Laura Brown, a wife and mother at the end of World War II, played by Julianne Moore, who is reading ''Mrs.
Mourning stalked over to where the players were laughing and, in a profanity-laden diatribe, shouted in part: ''This ain't funny.
Mrs. Segal, who lived on Parkville Avenue, never went to college, but she was a voracious reader who always had a joke or trenchant comment on hand, Ms. Yeret said.
Now, however, the State Board of Regents is developing new policies to improve middle school education.
If the dollar's value stays low relative to other currencies, in terms of what it can actually buy, returns on investments in the United States will look less attractive.
Dear grandfather of Brittany, Ashley & Connor.
But over the years, more and more outsiders turned up, many of them buyers who had been too hung over on Sunday to attend the auction.
Some of the older girls said they caught up on sleep during the long bus rides and did not mind foregoing activities like sports and dance classes to visit their mothers.
Habitat for Humanity, a nonprofit group, recently finished several two-family houses, for low-income families.
The Bush administration raised the nation's antiterrorism alert status a notch on Sunday, indicating a newly heightened concern about the possibility of an attack in coming days.
Favored executives who got shares were supposed to hire First Boston for other underwriting business, a practice called spinning.
Ms. Clarke moved to the Defense Department from the realms of politics and public relations and she was instrumental in rewriting military rules so that correspondents could join frontline troops in Iraq.
Major Stanton said he had been kept at four sites, including Al Qaim in the west, an area where the Iraqis mined uranium.
The United States treated the Iraqis ''like they're our own people,'' she said.
The Bolshoi offered an extension to Dec. 31, but she demanded a year's extension.
The men, Robert Bobinis, a maintenance supervisor, and Brad Schultz, a member of his crew, said in separate interviews that each week, during the midnight shift, they were ordered to pump thousands of gallons of water fouled with industrial contaminants into drains feeding the Delaware.
Stocks are rising ''in anticipation that things are getting better,'' said Nicholas Angilletta, head of equity sales trading at Citigroup Global Markets.
Lange's sweep of the two-man and four-man events was the 11th time that has been done in 52 world championships.
.4:20:31 12705 Duggan, S, 51M .
This game meant a lot to us.''
Other events include a guided tour of 10 gardens in Hoboken, N.J., on June 1.
''She prefers Vic, and Dutch can't understand it,'' Mr. Ryan said.
Dr. Lichi, who moved by remote control, and sexy Lulu -- ''she had a lot of husbands, none of whom were her own,'' Sylvia said, repeating Stan's old line -- were sold to a collector in the Midwest.
This day, after all, is not about society or sport, but rather serves as an anecdote for two people to tell their future grandchildren that they did not meet at a bar or beach house, but while discussing Schwarzenegger and sipping spirits at the Hunt.
''God calls all of us to have an open mind and an open heart,'' said the Rev.
''Voters appreciate candidates who aren't afraid to be held accountable,'' he said.
Military officials gave no figure for the number of Iraqi civilians wounded.
But whether the artists proceed collectively, individually or both, this show achieves a memorable balance of rigor and laissez-faire, and radiates possibility.
The entire Manhattan School of Music family -- Board of Trustees, faculty, staff and students--extend our most heartfelt sympathies to Mrs. Istomin and her family.
Three plateau-like mounds marked the ILR landfill, the closed Edison municipal landfill and the notorious Kin-Buc hazardous waste dump, which was No.
BIG CATS WEEKEND will celebrate the feline residents of the Bronx Zoo, with music, dancing and face-painting, tomorrow and Sunday, 11:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Also tomorrow at 12:30 p.m., members of the New York Mets will give readings as part of a literacy campaign by the New York Public Library; Bronx River Parkway at Southern Boulevard, Fordham.
Vivendi's chief executive, Jean-René Fourtou, spent 4 billion euros last month to take control of Cegetel, France's No.
Scientists have long known that what pregnant mothers eat -- whether they are mice, fruit flies or humans -- can profoundly affect the susceptibility of their offspring to disease.
Ms. Antoni's portentous installation consists of two giant industrial spools with a thick rope of blond human hair stretched between them; on the floor is a big pile of raw hair into which the artist fell during a preopening, tightrope performance.
The second pillar of peace and security in our world is the willingness of free nations, when the last resort arrives, to restrain aggression and evil by force.
He held positions playing some of the foremost American carillons, including those at Stanford University, the University of Chicago and the Crystal Cathedral in Garden Grove, Calif.
Ciba-Geigy merged in 1996 with Sandoz, to form the Swiss pharmaceutical giant Novartis.
Angry people cannot think properly.
He's 45, a big blue-eyed bear of a man, well over 200 pounds, who walks with a pronounced limp.
Beloved husband of Shirley for 63 years.
Just in case the workers might have been inclined to pulverize the ancient pots, drains and roadways, a government archaeologist was looking over their shoulders.
Agriculture, the key export industry for many poor countries, is the cornerstone of these trade talks -- called the ''development round'' -- launched at Doha, Qatar, in late 2001.
The fabric of the North Carolina 25th Infantry in ''Cold Mountain'' was called butternut because it was dyed with the bark of a butternut tree.
''Jews in Radio,'' a lecture with radio recordings that illustrate Yiddish-American radio programming from 1925 to 1955.
The memoir, which was published in 1983, tells of baseless accusations against Army employees and their humiliation before they were eventually reinstated.
Although the cable was buried in May 2002, the Connecticut attorney general, Richard Blumenthal, has blocked its use, saying it does comply with state rules on depth.
The dough is always crispy, the potato always tangy.
SPURS 105, BUCKS 102: Malik Rose scored a career-high 34 points, including 10 in the fourth quarter, and Tim Duncan added 25, including four free throws to seal the victory, as visiting San Antonio defeated Milwaukee.
An optional six-disc changer in the dash shows a commitment to music, the fulcrum of youth culture.
''One of the most important things to understand about American Indian tribes,'' he said, ''is the simple fact that tribes are governments.
Mr. Puglia has also been accumulating shares of Home Depot, the home improvement retailer.
The official suggested that Mr. Bush would use the trip to continue mending relations with traditional European allies.
The morning paper wasn't out front by 6 a.m. as it usually is, but the cable modem was humming; the broadband links to e-mail and news worked fine, even as the wind picked up and the snow tumbled sideways and the obsessive neighbor across the street made his first labored scrapes at the shifting mounds with a shovel.
(It also annoys him that they went to Yale and Harvard.)
''I knew I was in trouble then.
Americans were the main victims of both the 1996 bombing of the Khobar Towers and a 1995 attack on a Saudi National Guard center.
Piazza has again regained the morose demeanor that has appeared to hang over him since midsummer.
''We just made a big charcoal grate, and we put the lamb on it and cooked veggies on it and it worked,'' said Mr. Teutsch, who, with his wife, also owns a town house in nearby downtown Seattle.
Together, the pet people learn about obedience classes, and that they can convene this Saturday for the pet costume contest (yes, the pets wear the costumes).
When a local farmer brought in a sack of cantaloupes last summer, Mr. Feldschuh created cantaloupe sorbet.
And the incidents with the mannequin speak volumes, he said: ''The problem with the mannequin is that it became almost and effigy, if you will, of the plaintiff.''
''Then she has to find another man because she cannot live alone in the batey.
Individually these are all strong acts, but together they are a concert promoter's nightmare.
This pre-emptive action would be unthinkable but for North's previous pass, making game unlikely.
You will never know how complete you have made me.
A group of the midwives, some of whom say they were told they would play no part in delivery, have appealed to local officials and to the American College of Nurse-Midwives, based in Washington.
SARS was first detected late last year in Guangdong Province, which still accounts for almost two-thirds of the country's listed cases.
But some will run off 12-volt direct current while others require an inverter, which converts 12-volt DC to 115-volt alternating current, he notes.
After the noble opening music, Mr. Gergiev sets a jaunty pace for the ''Teutonic'' march that follows and drives the idea of invasion brutally hard.
Judging by the ecstatic reaction of the audience that packed the La Guardia High School concert hall on Sunday night, ''Eislermaterial,'' an affecting and eclectic work assembled by Heiner Goebbels, the composer and director, and performed by the Ensemble Modern of Frankfurt, could have sold out a week's worth of performances.
''Whether terrorist act or just vandalism, it was an offense against the community,'' West Covina's assistant fire chief, Jerry Johnson, said.
Guard Tam Hopkins and tackle Ian Allen, both untested players, were placed into starting roles and the Patriots took advantage, blowing past them with stunts and bull rushes.
Dr. Debbi appeared in court yesterday wearing a dark suit and responded tersely to questions from Judge Jed S. Rakoff about whether he understood the charges.
And slowly, steadily, Kaman, a 7-foot, 252-pound center, has risen.
The winner was always the same.
When he was offered a part-time job that would have brought in an extra $300 a year -- ''equal to 10 weeks of groceries'' -- his wife told him not to take it if it would take away from his writing time.
The police evacuated schools and homes within a half-mile radius, also lasting eight hours, because the six-wheel truck leaked some diesel engine fuel.
Hesser termed it a well-made bore.
Lion Dance, Sunday at 1 p.m. outside the China Institute, 125 East 65th Street, near Park Avenue.
''The new leadership will have to work extra hard to implement their own orders because many police may expect that the new leaders are there on a temporary basis only,'' the professor said.
''Anything in there that I owned, not touched for two years, I don't think I'd want it back,'' Mr. Kahane said, sitting in his austere new office below mock-ups of tabloid covers with headlines like ''Demi and Ashton: Their New Love Nest!''
by David Carr [July 6]: The overwhelming appeal of contemporary animation to adults is easily explained: today's animators have finally discovered what those who were at the helm of animation's golden age, circa 1930-1955, already knew.
You won't find as many renowned chefs, but the paella is unbeatable and the waiters are friendlier.
Amid the crowd, one theme is: Remember how we never appreciated the old towers until they fell?
The new strategy calls for middle-ranking officers from the former Iraqi Army to receive a few months of training early next year.
He -- or she -- rides roughshod over customer's requests, brooks no queries and pouts when anyone questions his selections.
This behind-the-scenes magician, more intimate with celebrity flesh than a personal trainer or a masseur, is Pascal Dangin, the digital retoucher for fashion's and Hollywood's most famous photographers.
The front seats have side air bags as well as two in the dashboard.
I hasten to refer readers to a searching exploration of Morris's charges by Timothy Noah in Slate for May 28, 2003, which includes interviews with Times and CBS polling managers (Morris apparently did not speak to any) and with others in the profession.
.4:38:13 17554 MuOz, E, 46M .
At Columbia, the football team has gained far more attention for its failures than its highlights.
In France, government ministers agreed in an emergency session this morning to allow Électricité de France, the national utility and operator of the country's 56 nuclear power plants, to temporarily raise the maximum temperature of the cooling water that its plants pump into French rivers.
The people here are determined and easygoing.
''There was no call to prayer, and there was no shade.
and the university are investigating, casting a pall over the Bulldogs with tournament time approaching.
But yesterday he shrugged off the importance of his Forbes listing and said wealth should not be equated with success.
But they should have no difficulties with Fly-by-Night Dance Theater.
The bullpen coach, Rich Monteleone, spotted the TV and informed Manager Joe Torre, who reported it to the umpires; they made the Red Sox remove it.
Between Blood and the Bloods He lived upstate, in Peekskill, with his aunt Ilyasah Shabazz, a celebrity among the Shabazz daughters with the publication of her memoir that year, ''Growing Up X.''
Visitation Tuesday 2 to 4 and 7 to 9PM at McMahon, Lyon and Hartnett Funeral Home, Inc, 491 Mamaroneck Ave, White Plains, N.Y. Funeral Mass Wednesday, 10AM at Our Lady of Sorrows Church, White Plains.
That means a new loyalty program, selling products like broadband connections, and making the stores more appealing to women.
He now regularly sees about 15 patients, most of whom pay only what they can afford.
The intel guy fills me in.
The device, which contained an unidentified black powder, weed-killer and a fuse, had apparently been timed to explode the previous night, the police said.
And when somebody says, 'We'll I'm just not going to participate,' I sort of shake my head and wonder what they're thinking about.''
What might have been a diplomatic triumph, or even the beginnings of a reputation for statesmanship, however, quickly turned into a political debacle at home, when leftist student groups and others quickly castigated Mr. Roh for supposedly caving in to Washington after campaigning on the theme of greater independence in foreign policy and defense matters.
And in the way of such things, a whole new attitude toward a much maligned country was being formed.
In 1995 Mr. Feld caught Mr. Baryshnikov's transition as a new kind of dancer: Americanized but still imbued with post-Soviet cynicism.
WHERE -- Willow, Alaska WHAT -- 1-bedroom cabin HOW MUCH -- $75,000 This rustic two-story A-frame cabin has one bathroom and 50 feet of frontage on Alexander Lake, a fishing destination 70 air miles from Anchorage.
Mr. Berger said he held out hope that the hospital would float once again, or that at least a new use would be found for the ship.
A memorial mass to celebrate her remarkable life will be held on July 18, 2003, at twelve noon, at St. Cecilia Church, Englewood, NJ.
WHAT -- 4-bedroom houseboat HOW MUCH -- $265,000 This custom-built 80-foot Sumerset model has two 5.7-liter V8 MerCruiser engines with bow thruster.
''I felt I was pedaling backward,'' he said.
Perhaps John Brown, 11, from Harlem, best summed up the children's feelings about the fund: ''Friendly Town is like when you eat a piece of chocolate -- afterward, you want more.''
'' General Manager Brian Cashman is trying.
''None of the casinos here charge entrance fees.
A military spokesman said tonight that American soldiers got the men they were looking for and were busy questioning them to determine whether they were the important officials they had originally believed.
Gregory, for that matter, also wrote poetry.
Marcy'' Well, yes, the sectional was good quality, and yes, I liked the style.
Being rewarded for customer loyalty has been a time-honored American shopping tradition since S&H started issuing Green Stamps in 1896.
Mr. Aspe said the amnesty was the main reason the bureau exceeded its collection target in the final two months of last year.
Better yet, the portfolio would have been 41 percent less volatile.
Similar reactions have since been found with fruit flies, monkeys and Labrador retrievers, but the impact of calorie reduction on humans has been mostly speculative.
Cremophor causes some of the side effects associated with Taxol, like severe allergic reactions.
It is hard to see how the status quo will produce the results some in Congress say they want.
The best offer came from the Jets, who a day earlier had already made a trade with Chicago to move into the No.
If the astronomy clubs' enthusiasm doesn't persuade attendees to become amateur astronomers after they leave, their door prizes should.
's restrictions, the strikers remained uncharacteristically quiet, far different from the strikers at La Caravelle and ''21,'' who bellowed angry chants in front of those restaurants.
Still another was painting banners for a demonstration to remind residents what the Russian observance of International Women's Day -- a national holiday here since Soviet times -- is really about.
Jackson's first moments with Shaye didn't do much to dispel his sense of gloom.
We're ready to be martyrs.'
Business has doubled, he added, since the introduction of euro bills and coins in January 2002.
All the players -- grown-ups, babies, butterflies, bugs, bats, frogs and trees -- appear in silhouette.
He starts with stones and with his mother: dying at 96, still observant, fine-spirited and not altogether unlike a stone herself.
''By that measure, we have already met the goal,'' he said.
A few years later he painted ''Country Wedding'' based on his reading of Garcia Lorca's ''Blood Wedding.''
These businesses are usually among the first to benefit when the economy starts to recover, she said.
We took off and instead of circling around the city flew down the main road, taking heavy but inaccurate ground fire the whole way.
He is harvesting his sixth crop this spring, and will produce five tons in 2003, about two-thirds of the entire French crop.
It is graduating two classes of a dozen or so flight attendants, including some Americans, every six weeks, and plans to put a new wide-body, long-haul jet into service nearly every month this year.
Air fares are for seven-day advance purchase.
They want marginally looser credit today, regardless of the consequences tomorrow.
Mrs. Vizueta, however, likes to take the time to make it the traditional way.
The rest were created in the last 30 years, as educators sought innovative ways to teach high school students.
Shortened by more than an hour, this version, nevertheless, lasts almost three hours.
He left for boot camp the Monday after he finished high school.
From 1969 to 1990 Mortimer was the CEO of Home Garden Publishing, Universal Publishing and the Mortimer Berkowitz Company which served eight Ivy League Alumni Magazines.
Visitation Thursday 2:00-4:00 and 7:009:00 PM.
Security officials have planned measures to deter terrorism, but so far no specific threats related to any of the events have been received, officials said.
The subject -- no surprise -- is a history of the American comic book, something about which he is an authority.
With the Gators' faithful now in a deafening roar, Florida appeared very much in the game.
The reason for doing so is that it would have precisely the reverse effect, as it has in London.
Before the mayor gets his plan going, he might consider a few potential problems, however.
This is a fine introduction to a man every American child needs to know.
That corresponded to a national trend in the first half of the year: murder, alone among violent crimes, was up 1.1 percent, according to the F.B.I.
After Vaughn struggled last season, he was ordered to get in shape by the Mets' owner, Fred Wilpon, who cited a conditioning clause in his contract.
''That sourness -- that's the natural flavor of bread,'' explained Mr. Young.
This small selection of works from four decades includes colorful, transcendentally exuberant landscapes and pictures of scary masklike faces embedded in luxuriantly scabrous surfaces (Johnson).
The district began an environmental studies program this year in all the grades with a $13,000 grant from Toshiba.
I'll make it an easy decision for him and I'll be in the rotation.''
Jorge Letelier and Sheryl Asklund Rock's living room, left, is an exercise in contemporary traditionalism, presided over, literally, by a four-foot-wide glass mandala in place of a chandelier.
Many predicted there would be a series of less noticeable, smaller-scale changes, although there may be a blockbuster deal or two.
At his death he was of counsel to Shearman & Sterling.
''The City Council resisted that.
Timmy gets drafted by the Spurs.
Writing for the majority in the 5-to-4 decision, Justice David Souter said letting the California law stand would ''hamstring the President's settling international controversies.''
Does it reflect a lack of professional training?
They are trying to persuade the city to hire a different concessionaire.
(An estimated $260 billion over seven years in the Senate plan in 1995, compared with an estimated $200 billion a few years later.)
The United States Open left for the National Tennis Center in Flushing Meadows 25 years ago, and the last professional tournament at Forest Hills was played 14 years ago.
But it is also disappointing.
Leiter's pitch count edged toward 90 in the sixth inning, and he fell into trouble.
THE Chinese restaurant of my early childhood is stamped on my memory.
22 Baseball Hopes in Chicago Both the Cubs and the White Sox are still in contention for the pennant, for the first time in nearly a century.
One man touched the piece and left greasy fingerprints on the black surface.
Another way to escape the provisions of the bill would be to change into a so-called operating foundation, which directly runs its own programs and services rather than making grants to third parties.
A vivid, panoramic overview of the remarkable Union victory, by a veteran Civil War historian who finds many of the clues to its outcome in the sequence of events leading to battle.
''Dan has been very forthright and very clear,'' the person said.
We need to do that the next time we play them.''
Only -- here's the goofball genius part -- she has compressed all that book's charm into one-fourth the space with three times the laughs (giggles mostly, but also snorts and snarfs), using as a main character not a pig named Wilbur but a doughnut named Arnie.
The rancher's relatives told members of the tribe they believed the rancher was now in Mexico, said Deb Croswell, a spokeswoman for the tribal organization.
Deputy John Chaumpi of the Luzerne County Sheriff's Department said a bloodhound picked up Mr. Selenski's scent a few blocks from the jail early Saturday.
To the Editor: Re '' Puccini, Euripides, Waters and Joel, Reimagined'' by Ben Brantley [Dec. 29]: Mr. Brantley writes that the productions of Stephen Sondheim's ''Company'' and ''Passion'' at the Kennedy Center were ''surely the best interpretations to date.''
The campus groups said that the large American brands had to be pushed several times to be more aggressive in responding to concerns over the treatment of workers.
He was reared in a neighborhood called San Juan Hill, then one of the roughest areas in Manhattan, near what is now Lincoln Center.
The second memoir by the five-time winner of the Tour de France.
The official in charge of the investigation said a huge haul of cameras, video cameras, CD players, jewelry, luxury watches and cash was recovered.
MICHAEL SMALLEY Director General, African Medical and Research Foundation Nairobi, Kenya, Jan. 30, 2003
FHE last three weeks mostly spent traveling had been unsettled, with airport tensions and rumors of terror and war, so waking up at home yesterday to an actual emergency, a raging blizzard that bent the trees and raked Saharan dunes over the streets, was oddly comforting.
He described Mr. Coleman, who also uses the name Ibn el-Amin Pasha, as a transient.
That is what a very ambitious bill introduced on Thursday by City Councilman David Yassky would require of all city building owners.
HEGEMONY OR SURVIVAL America's Quest for Global Dominance By Noam Chomsky 278 pages.
He should shake it off and be ready to go in a couple of days.''
Luxury: A nine-story, landmark yellow building in the heart of town -- the tallest in Ashland -- was originally the Lithia Hotel, then the Mark Antony, and is now the Ashland Springs.
The learned drinker is wont to greet the first rays of the year by lifting a rum-and-Coke to his grateful lips.
Jabber (Ghassas Abbas) is a glum, heavy-set man who makes a precarious living showing films to children in the towns and refugee camps of the West Bank.
He said the 1776 sermons support his point of view.
Mr. Tamburri dismissed the notion that European conductors govern more autocratically, while shirking aspects of the job like educational outreach and fund-raising.
A1 President Bush's request for postwar costs is weighted toward military operations, with $66 billion going to the armed forces, $15 billion toward rebuilding Iraq and $800 million for civilian programs in Afghanistan, administration officials said.
One, a 2-year-old boy, was in critical condition yesterday with smoke inhalation.
Anyone who knows him knows that he is a very, very smart and clever politician.
Late Saturday, Tressel and his team sung along with the crowd here at Ohio Stadium after the No.
''I believe this is finally it,'' he said.
From 1999 to the fall of 2000, Tellme raised $238 million.
''I'm a New Zealander, make no bones about it,'' Coutts said afterward.
Kurdish officials have that vowed there will be no revenge attacks here, but maintaining order could be one of the greatest challenges American forces face in northern Iraq.
Devoted brother of Sanford Hutton.
For more information, call (914)713-2424.
Even recently, his lawyers conceded that he had shot several people in the cross-country rampage.
.5:06:13 24796 Treu, F, 56M .
The spiritual significance of the area to Sherpas and Buddhists also elicits postcolonial concern: the famous reply of the English climber George Mallory to the question of why he wanted to climb Everest -- ''because it's there'' -- is interpreted as a myth ''expressing a basic human desire to explore -- but he missed the myths of the people already living there.''
We extend our deepest sympathies to his entire family.
''This is the bum's rush approach,'' said Mr. Rockefeller, a member of the Finance Committee.
We like to go to the shop together because we have the same shopping style -- a headlight swoop to size up possibilities and a quick pounce.
''Well, I'm surprised about some, not others.
Abdullal Daloul, 14, said he had just left a nearby mosque when the car was struck.
Benchmarks: Identifies the simple and complex actions (e.g., internal/external conflicts) between main and subordinate characters in texts containing complex character structures; Understands the effects of complex literary devices and techniques on the overall quality of a work; Understands historical and cultural influences on literary works; Makes abstract connections between his or her own life and the characters, events, motives, and causes of conflict in texts; Relates personal response to the text with that seemingly intended by the author (CTSS – ‘english’, ‘9-12’, ‘6’) This lesson plan may be used to address the academic standards listed above.
''The government has already included the bulk of what's been lost in the contributions, and is yet to collect on the withdrawals,'' he said.
Director of Development, The Spence School.
But many people shy from the tests, fearing the loss of health insurance or a threat to their work.
An Honorary Veteran On his 94th birthday, in May 1997, the House of Representatives adopted a resolution making him an honorary veteran of the armed forces, noting that Mr. Hope ''has given unselfishly of his time for over a half-century to be with United States service members on foreign shores, working tirelessly to bring a spirit of humor and cheer to millions of service members during their loneliest moments and thereby extending for the American people a touch of home away from home.''
This vessel was made in a. Republican Rome b.
Even middle-class Shiites who dislike fundamentalism revered Muhammad al-Sadr.
Ms. McNamara knew she had succeeded when Haja Sidibey, a ninth grader from Sierra Leone who had often resisted writing, worked before and after school on a letter to Adelina, which revealed her own father's murder by rebel forces during Sierra Leone's civil war.
Or taking a walk through the woods to an ancient sycamore that's so big that three adults, their arms fully extended, can barely reach around it.
Guerin skated to the net and converted Mike Modano's pass from the right corner for his 16th goal.
I'm not as afraid of dealing with the dying as maybe some other people may be.''
Torre did not plan to ask players to attend a morning rally at City Hall, but he reconsidered after a conversation with his wife, Alice.
''These races are all about lawmakers showing their local constituencies what they can do for them,'' he said.
''I grew up on a stump farm,'' Mr. Ferate said, clutching his tortoise-shell glasses.
It noted that all hacking is illegal and said the United States government ''does not condone so-called 'patriotic hacking' on its behalf.''
After winning the Open in 1995 and 1996, Sorenstam arrived in 1997 with a chance to become the only player to win it three consecutive times.
Instead, in 1966 he went to work for the Brown & Williamson Tobacco Company in Richmond, Va., and rose through the ranks, becoming the company's head of personnel.
The disguises continue to change.
Snow and Mr. O'Neill are both former chief executives at Fortune 500 companies, but in many ways the two men could not be more different.
The state's Board of Medical Examiners ruled on Wednesday that the doctor, Hector B. Corral, 73, could no longer practice medicine in New Jersey.
She is a president's postdoctoral fellow at the Center for African American Studies at the University of California at Los Angeles.
Mr. Baugh first sold shares in Sysco -- originally the Systems and Services Company -- in 1970.
A 35-year-old man and a 15-year-old boy were wounded early yesterday in a shooting in Flatbush, the police said.
You have left a void.
Ms. O'Donnell's emotions are likely to be more restrained, however, this morning at the New York State Supreme Court, where opening arguments in a legal battle between her and Gruner & Jahr, the publisher of the now-defunct magazine Rosie, are scheduled to begin in front of Judge Ira Gammerman.
With the teenagers away, we even had time for a romantic interlude.
''I was holding it out for my biographer.''
The board rejected United's original application last year, forcing it into bankruptcy court.
''I said to Anna, 'That's the guy that did ''Widdecombe Fair,''' Mr. Zanes said.
But even very restrained people, like the British brother and sister in Adam Haslett's ingenious ''Devotion'' (in ''Best American''), can harbor momentous emotions and do terrible things.
MONDAY None TUESDAY Consumer Price Index: May Housing Construction: May Industrial Production: May Capacity Utilization: May WEDNESDAY None THURSDAY Leading Indicators: May Federal Budget: May Weekly Jobless Claims FRIDAY None
The gun used in that killing was not the .40-caliber pistol used in the other three slayings, including the one in the coin laundry.
''Half the award is his, because acting is a team sport,'' Mr. O'Hare said.
Yes, Saddam Hussein is an evil dictator.
Some Arab-Americans at the meeting had kind words for him.
In the Delaware case, Judge Jack B. Jacobs found that FleetBoston, which sought $141 million in damages over problems tied to the sale, was entitled to only $30.2 million.
As the art becomes less exciting, the desire to trumpet it with a new marquee, or to perfect how it sounds from Seat 104, Row J, increases.
* ''Flowers for Algernon'' (Harcourt, 1995), by Daniel Keyes.
Cruz M. Bustamante as the party's only hope for keeping the Republicans from taking control of the governorship.
Mr. Tierney, the landmarks commissioner, was invited recently to inspect the Dickey mansion at 67 Greenwich Street by its owners, Martha Schessel and her son Harry Schessel.
While Mr. Romaine maintains that county finances are fine, Mr. Levy paints a truer picture, stressing the need for fiscal discipline and noting that the current budget is buoyed by nonrecurring revenues that hold the potential for shortfalls.
''We have suddenly, this last week, exploded with flu-like activity in Nashville and middle Tennessee,'' he said.
No other video game is known to use natural light in such a way.
The jellied veal, he explained, is ''happy veal.''
''We've debated whether we should fill the void,'' said WFUV's program director, Chuck Singleton.
''The 'A' years are over, but I think what you will see in 2003 is a significant separation between the best-positioned companies and the mediocre-positioned companies,'' he said.
I am tempted to say that this Cat should be tied up in a sack and drowned, but I wouldn't want to condone cruelty to animals, even metaphorically.
Gilbert, a quick-talking tactician who helped Agassi make the most of his world-class talent, has not had enough time to make changes in Roddick's strokes, but he has done much more than simply change Roddick's headgear (he barred Roddick from wearing a visor that he deemed not intimidating enough).
Premiums have skyrocketed to levels several times the rates for comparable coverage elsewhere in Europe, with the increases attributed to everything from the Sept. 11 attacks to the emergence of an American-style ''compensation culture.''
Small Show, Big Reaction Just when it seemed the season was casually meandering toward its inevitable conclusion, a tiny one-person show is causing an outsize ruckus on West 42nd Street.
But it was never going to be quite enough.
Another council member who favors national elections said: ''I am irate.
The Grateful Dead contribute a long, nearly unlistenable version of ''It's All Over Now, Baby Blue.''
At the time, it did not formally demand any high-definition content in digital transmissions.
Shinjo will join a crowded outfield that includes Cliff Floyd, Roger Cedeño, Jeromy Burnitz and Timo Perez, and his presence will most likely motivate the Mets to trade Burnitz or Cedeño before the start of the season.
Southern Methodist University joined in 1918 and won the national football championship in 1935; Texas Christian joined in 1923 and won the 1938 national championship.
(Shows of classical Chinese furniture, Antiques column, Page 44.)
Almost all the other works that followed this striking introduction to the company featured unison steps danced with the same well-timed precision.
The treasure he seeks is fame and, perhaps someday, fortune, with his summertime pirate acting troupe, the Maritime Pirates.
THE Lakeland-Panas men's lacrosse team has its high scorer returning this season.
The Giants stalled in their march up the defensive ranking and now sit at 20th in the N.F.L.
He does spend most weekends touring the Northeast concert circuit with his quintet, the Assembly of Dust, but he makes sure to be back at his desk on Monday mornings.
Showtime, which like CBS is owned by the Viacom Corporation, picked the film up, and received a flood of publicity for it.
The site grew to 2,000 users its first month by word of mouth and now lists more than 1,500 events in 42 states and 44 countries.
Mr. Donovan survived the Battle of the Bulge, he noted in a laconic retelling, but the colleague did not survive the war.
Viacom Outdoor continues to sell ad space at shopping malls and stadiums, as well as on billboards.
State Street, the world's largest custodian of assets, said it would eliminate positions at all levels.
We know that depression occurs as a complication in 25 percent of heart attack victims; depression is also associated with a profoundly negative cardiac course, tripling or quadrupling the rate of heart attack recurrence and cardiac death.
The bill, offered by Representative Bill Thomas of California, is meant to replace an existing tax break for businesses that export overseas.
Approximately 35,000 children in Florida struggle through a notoriously cumbersome and often unjust child welfare system without the assistance of counsel.
''But,'' Mr. Mercantante said, ''I think some people wish they could.''
Of course, there is another potential lesson for Mr. Blair in Mrs. Thatcher's career.
For some reason the scan came out blurry -- possibly the fault of the scanner, the program, the way I scanned it.
She was a writer of ''Stepmom'' (starring Julia Roberts), which was based loosely on her experience with Mr. Grazer's first wife.
With his queen, the exquisite Glory Crampton, he sings, ''What Do the Simple Folk Do?''
He was wickedly funny, a great mimic who made people laugh so hard that the section where we worked at The Times was dubbed ''Happy Valley.''
Considering the time and effort involved in getting to the playground in the first place, there was a lot at stake in winning.
His boyhood friend and former partner in crime, David Belle, has described it in more primal terms: ''We do it because we feel a need to move, we feel a need to exist -- to show that we are there.
Today, Sunny Lane is a little less sunny.
Class-action lawyers filed their first suit against fund companies named in the complaint, while Mr. Spitzer continued to process the information provided by hedge funds and mutual funds.
The frico was far too salty, the salad far too vinegary.
A cleanup team of 4,000 workers, many of them fishermen out of work since the disaster, try to clear each morning's mess before vacationers hit the beaches.
''I think there was a certain amount of schadenfreude, a certain amount of a critical slam-dunk contest that it turned into,'' he added, referring to the torrent of bad reviews and negative publicity that has surrounded the film since its opening on Aug. 1.
As staff members prepared for a candlelight vigil in memory of their slain colleagues in Baghdad, two questions were asked repeatedly here today.
In public statements, Enron executives represented that the system was up and running; if it was not, the defense in the case would face an enormous challenge.
''Most areas of law enforcement do not fall neatly into either.''
In addition to selling 80 percent of the 60 spots planned to appear during the Super Bowl broadcast, CBS has already sold the major sponsorships in the pre-and postgame shows as well as the sponsorship of the halftime show, which was bought by the America Online unit of Time Warner.
They point the way toward Symbolism.
See if you can find some humor instead of annoyance in the situation.
WELLENS-Josephine Harrington died peacefully at home among family in Fremont, CA on March 30, 2003.
Average class size last year was 18 in kindergarten and 21 in other grades.
Nations deal with nightmares the same way people do -- by trying to forget them.
''The PTA fully recognizes that we live in a different society than we did 20 years ago.
My country has struggled with its own history of prejudice and intolerance, with racism being particularly pernicious.
Hae jang gook is a specialty at Yang Pyung Seoul, a bright, friendly 24-hour restaurant that opened a few months ago on West 33rd Street.
(The cotton-canvas tents, about 1,100 square feet, can be taken down for cleaning and storage in the summer when the resort is closed.)
''No one was stopping by with a milkshake.''
Lawmakers noted that the amount requested in this single bill represented a fifth of all money to be spent next year on nonmilitary programs like education, housing and veterans affairs, many of which are already being squeezed by a deficit that will reach $480 billion.
with Mexico is postponed, negotiations with other countries or with Asean will not progress either,'' Yomiuri Shimbun warned in an editorial last week, referring to the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
Sporadic influenza activity was reported from five states: Delaware, Hawaii, Maine, New Hampshire and Wisconsin as well as from Guam.
So talking about eating was the next best thing.
Stepping up the military pressure also gives China a further incentive to help change North Korean behavior (and perhaps even offer North Korea security guarantees should it choose to cooperate).
Those bicycles also incorporated newer materials, like oversized aluminum tubing and carbon-fiber composites, that were rare in Europe.
Meanwhile, diners in search of egalitarian fare should consider demanding basa and tra by name as a rebuff to this nation's protectionist bottom feeders.
''Companies have had to be more creative about cost control.
The food at this sweet little brick storefront is perhaps the most elegant in the neighborhood.
Menu listings and prices are subject to change.
The MIG's forced the plane down in the Taliban stronghold of Kandahar.
The candidate, a woman in a dark suit, stood just inside the turnstiles of the 15th Street station of the F train in Brooklyn yesterday morning, pressing pamphlets into passing hands as countless candidates have done before her.
His lack of emotional presence is overcompensated by Ms. Connelly's weepiness, Mr. Elliott's brush-cut grouching and Mr. Nolte's maniacal fulminations.
AUGUSTO ARBIZO, ''Rise and Fall,'' Polytechnic at Michael Steinberg, 526 West 26th Street, (212) 924-5770, through Dec. 23.
The company's research showed that lowering the price, even to 75 cents, would not elicit proportionately more sales.
Neither Exxon nor Shell would comment on the status of their negotiations with Qatar.
We just didn't compete at all tonight.
His companion, Yarghas, 31, also from Jalalabad, complained of a headache and did not talk at all.
He said only sanitation workers became substantially more efficient.
Mr. Gryzlov said the two bombs were estimated to contain the equivalent of about 2.2 pounds of TNT.
'' Defense lawyers have said Mr. Cooksey provided an inattentive defense, including declining to interview witness whom Mrs. Banks lined up to defend her son in the sentencing phase of the trial.
They were driven down a dirt road into the salt marshes next to a brick factory.
So it's a 'big ask' to have a predator riding on a prey animal's back.''
''They have such interesting lives,'' he said.
Eighth-place Washington has lost 9 of its last 14 games, ninth-place Milwaukee has lost 8 of 10, and the Knicks have lost 6 of 10, including three of their last four games.
Democrats argued that requiring abstinence programs could detract from other elements and that condoms were an important cause of the reduced cases in Uganda.
And no Arab leader has directly condemned suicide bombings or their sponsors.
And they headed off separately into the misty night.
What cannot be gleaned from the documents is how much the party leadership believed in the version of reality that it contrived.
Six different dishes bubble in various pots.
The budget director's statement today came soon after Mr. Bush met in the White House with a group of economists who favor his $674 billion, 10-year tax-cut plan.
''I went over to him and we just clicked,'' she said.
It has been slightly more than a month since a special three-judge federal district court here issued its 1,638-page ruling that upheld some parts and struck down others of the new federal campaign finance law.
Hints of those strange creations began turning up this year.
South would still have two spade losers to deal with.
Cordiant is to receive a total of $40.6 million from Pacific Equity Partners in Sydney, which will acquire a 55 percent stake in the Australian operations, and from the managers of the operations, who will acquire 15 percent.
Tomorrow, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.
But, since DVD players went on the market in the United States in 1997, their better picture quality, retail prices of $20 -- and often less -- and an assortment of extra features like alternate endings and extra footage have helped spur buying instead of renting.
We also gave high marks to two grilled entrees: six heads-on king prawns and lemon-grass pork chops.
But Mr. Tenet was clearly an official under fire yesterday.
Like mice to cheese, top biotechnology talent will be drawn to mice -- a quarter of a million mice, to be exact.
Our sympathy and love to his wife Noorbibi and family.
They'd like to get it started as quickly as possible.
Agent: Ellen Denman, Denman-Peterek Real Estate, (830) 672-7181; www.dprealestateinc.com.
.5:39:04 30119 Kehl, M, 38F .
By the time she picked Don Thornberry over all her other suitors, Glock tells us, Aneita Jean ''would have seven marriage proposals and a body like Miss America and her share of the tragedies that befall small-town girls with bushels of suitors and bodies like Miss America, girls who dare to see past the dusty perimeters of their lives.''
Faced with a demanding age range, kindergarten teachers may consider younger children ''behind,'' he said.
That was the year Kirchner saw, and digested, the work of Matisse and the Fauves.
IN OTHER GAMES Taylor Coppenrath had 25 points and 18 rebounds to lift VERMONT (3-4) to a 62-57 victory at MARIST (1-7).
Still, when Providian Financial last year raised his interest rate to 29.99 percent from 19.99 percent based on a low credit score, he considered the size of the increase excessive, especially given his clean record with Providian.
To compensate for that cutout space, Athena was able, under zoning regulations, to build the four-story addition.
The bill would create a larger DNA database with no provision to remove the DNA of those who are not convicted.
The fans were on their feet now, cheering and applauding as Wagner jumped over the first-base line like a boy playing hopscotch.
He cut the prescription drug program.
He defended the board's decisions, which he said corrected serious errors in the assessments set last year by an appraisal consultant chosen by Mr. O'Shea.
The telescope could be ready by 2015, if all goes well, the Magellan partners say.
Two olives bounced off Mr. Johnson's nose.
A tearful Barker told his father that he was done with boats.
KENNEY--Katherine G. on June 29.
''I'm also motivated by the fact that I'm in a race against time.
Among the inaugural exhibitions is ''Family Ties,'' running through Sept. 21 and exploring interpretations of family through recent painting, photography, video, sculpture, ceramics and textiles by nearly 60 artists.
''We are certainly aware that felony murder charges related to the commission of arson can result when, in the course of investigating of that arson, an officer or an individual was killed,'' the prosecutor said when asked about possible criminal liabilities.
''So no smoking in the clubhouse.''
In a tenor of unearthly purity, this son of a black singer and a German-Jewish physicist lets fly with a song by John Dowland: ''Time stands still with gazing on her face.''
''We're not daunted by the challenge.
The bride, 27, is the curatorial affairs assistant to the director of the Harvard University Art Museums in Cambridge, Mass.
I think that other solutions could be looked at addressing the problem why there are not minorities in the military.
It is also an artifact of intractable effort, with a beauty that you can appreciate only when you stand in front of it and see how light plays across its face, in which there seem to be buried pentimenti of color.
Members of the Swedish team that has taken the world championships in Europe included the sunburned Hans Olofsson, from Stockholm.
''Before, we had to do all this by hand.''
Subway ridership has been down a mere 5 percent.
Lui, a speck of a village in the Western Equatoria region of Sudan, is pinned in on all sides by lush growth.
DIONNE--Brian J., of Concord Village, Brooklyn, NY, on September 6 at age 51.
Now pigeons are used by the military as a double-check on chemical-weapons sensors, much as canaries were once used by miners.
's net income of $1.7 billion last year.
There is only one kind of cure -- the one that invariably, irrefutably works.
.3:52:05 5854 Rotenberg, O, 47M .
''But that's why we're here,'' he said over the wild applause of the hot oil.
What those politics might be, exactly, is hard to say, though the question arises in light of the apparently carefree spirit of Mr. McGinley's pictures.
high-school pitcher when the Cubs signed him with a $1.265 million bonus in 1995.
My only recourse had been to divide and conquer.
But, somewhere in Chicago, Banks, who never played in the postseason, was willing these Cubs toward October.
''They just went about their normal lives.''
Asked whether the project is cursed, Mia Carbonell, a spokeswoman for AOL Time Warner, said, ''Let me get back to you.''
In 1984, Disney's board split over who should succeed Ron Miller, Walt Disney's son-in-law, who was being pushed out as chief executive.
While young architects conversed over drawings and computer screens, a construction worker fastened a final swatch of carpeting to the floor.
''It is precisely because we recognize the right of Islam to sit at the table of the republic that we will not accept any deviation,'' Mr. Sarkozy said.
It involved helping a local homeless man, Juan Cruz, whom the firefighters of Engine Company 55 regularly escort to a detox center.
These questions crop up with particular verve in sections in which Flook imagines what Worthington thought or felt in unobserved moments -- trying on a series of clothes before her lover arrives, feeling a twinge in her abdomen.
And no sooner are the threads of these stories tied up than some yeshiva students are murdered.
Each pinch-hit in the late innings of the 6-4 loss, though, with mixed results for the Yankees.
On the off-season evening we were there, Maya's was packed.
''But that's normal for everybody.''
It was a loving but difficult upbringing, Guirgis says, and ''she grew up in a household terrified of intimacy and marriage.''
He also worked successfully at the Royal Ballet with the choreographer Kenneth MacMillan, most ambitiously on ''Mayerling'' (1978), a stormy multiact production to arrangements of Liszt.
Chevrier is another grape name.
Tender, slow-cooked roast pork with spices came with a stack of thick-sliced, crisply fried potatoes that stole the show.
Many parents said yesterday that they feared the parent coordinators, who will act as liaisons between parents and principals, would quickly become little more than complaint takers.
But as he talks about a campaign, Hart betrays no obvious passion for what is the most torturous undertaking in politics.
Mr. Jumah and others said they carried the wounded and dead -- which they counted as seven, though there were reports of an eighth dead -- into his bus and took them to a hospital.
Awful knives are strapped to their chests and ankles in leather holsters and sheaths.
Windows onto the 20th-century history of Germany Getting There Berlin's excellent transit system makes outlying areas easily accessible.
This is its third time out in Connecticut, after evolving from the O'Neill Playwrights Theater in Waterford in 1995.
Mr. Hensley said that to his knowledge Universal Life ministers are legally able to perform marriages in all 50 states, with the exception of some Virginia counties and New York City.
Place the packet fat side down on a baking sheet and bake until fork tender, 3 to 4 hours, turning packet over halfway through cooking.
Although there is no evidence to indicate that Mr. Hawani ordered the murder, he was fired for covering up the investigation.
The regime's leaders are increasingly isolated.
''If I had known I was violating anything, I would've never done it,'' James told Sanders.
West Virginia fell to 13-13 over all, 4-10 in the conference.
Kueth Duany scored 17 points for Syracuse (13-2, 4-1 Big East), which has won 12 of 13 games.
And what travelers on I-85 probably remember most is not the freeways, traffic tie-ups or glass towers of Charlotte or Atlanta but a strange structure located near the interstate's midpoint: the Peachoid, a 135-foot-tall water tank shaped like a ripe peach and plunked alongside the interstate as it passes through Gaffney, S.C. No one is quite sure who came up with the name Peachoid, but it stuck, perhaps because of the tower's vaguely alien personality.
What Mr. Ridge is supposed to be doing is getting the best scientific and technical expertise, as it relates to all threats, and developing concrete plans and suggestions for every possible contingency.
''It can be frustrating,'' Jordan said.
Doris and Les Kerner, Judy and Paul Pergament and Children
The corporatization of the university is ''completely spurious,'' she says.
Still, for his part, Mr. Walton said: ''Color is very important and it's very important to have accessible, reliable smart people on the air -- you'll continue to see all of those things.
One of Mr. DeLay's protégés, Richard Pombo of California, has been leapfrogged ahead of more senior Republicans to be chairman of the Resources Committee, a choice environmentalists view as a disaster.
On Wednesday, a march by several thousand farmers turned violent when a few dozen protesters broke through barricades and lobbed sticks and pieces of concrete at police.
Many parents simply want to avoid the hassle of arguing with their children over where they can sit in the car.
''Prior to this period, we had never had more than one consecutive year of decline,'' said Thomas Reardon, the group's executive director.
Bouncing along on keyboards one moment, facing guitar barbs the next, the songs are as unstable as the romances they sketch.
A tsunami in a tea bowl; that was Japan in the late 16th century.
At least one alderman, Mae Ola Riddick, whose district includes Yale University and several all-night businesses, said she was considering tightening requirements for existing businesses, including compelling business owners to hire private security and to clean their parking lots each night.
So it's life as a show business act.''
The club's current mansion was built in 1903, designed by the New York architectural firm McKim, Mead & White, with a second-floor library modeled after a 14th-century one in Oxford.
They will receive e-mail messages confirming that their numbers have been placed on the list.
The Family & Friends of Special Olympics Palm Beach County, FL Management Team Members: Rich Fleming, Coordinator; Jack Donsky, Fundraising Chairman
''I haven't seen heat like this in 70 years,'' said Stefano Colvolino, a 70-year-old traffic officer in Rome.
Company Sues Over Rejection of Ad A company's lawsuit against CNN for declining to run its commercial is the latest pressure tactic from advertisers and regulators seeking greater control over how media outlets handle commercials.
''We finally started to relax; we had nothing to lose.''
has improved the radios to the point where they seem to work significantly better than the ones currently in the field,'' said Steve Cassidy, president of the Uniformed Firefighters Association.
Those fibers are bound together by a matrix of molecules that have equal strength in all directions.
An expert repairer of pinball machines, jukeboxes and other mechanical devices, Mr. Bourque built his first Zoltan soothsayer about 1965, working out of his house.
As soon as possible, the international community must organize a similar process to aid Iraqi families, to allow at least a possibility for proper identification and preservation of evidence.
A message seeking comment from Cypress Gardens was not answered today.
In 2001, researchers found that 69 had no improvement in their quality of life after the surgery, and 16 percent died in the month after the operation, as compared with no deaths among patients in the same condition who did not have surgery.
Wearing a helmet equipped with two TV screens, he experienced taking off, flying through turbulence and landing without getting on an airplane.
That's why we desperately need to accelerate humanitarian efforts now, not after the war is over.
Motorists headed home early, choking roads as the storm gained strength.
But when asked if he considered Mr. Alibozek a friend, he said, ''I have never socialized with Larry.''
''I'm putting the team out there that I feel gives us the best chance to win.''
DJ ENVY -- The great thing about mixtapes is that they are a quick way for rappers to respond to current events and beefs, getting the word to the street fast.
If she can avoid bedsores and infections, ''I don't think anyone can put a limit on how long she can live,'' said Robert Walker, director of the division of medical ethics and humanities at the University of South Florida College of Medicine.
Bombardier will cut about 325 production jobs and 340 office workers at the plant, Mr. Hargrove said.
SAN FRANCISCO 49ERS--Signed FB Jasen Isom from the practice squad.
The items, which are from the collection of Hancock Shaker Village in Pittsfield, Mass., include sewing tables, baskets, looms, costumes, textiles, furnishings and drawings.
ISOLATED on the coast of northwest Washington, the Makah Indians are accustomed to making do with little.
That may change as workers become increasingly responsible for their own retirements and steer money to personal plans, Mr. Huth said.
Loving mother of Jacqueline and Lee.
The new rule also appears to run counter to the stance the administration has taken in several lawsuits against polluters across the country, trying to enforce more rigorous standards under the Clean Air Act.
''The structural issues at play are deeply disturbing.
It seems that when Ms. Hoyle said she was a ''stuntwoman'' her daughter heard it as ''stamp woman.''
Now it has the single chip, which some scientists say will be more convenient.
But they did not then know of Mr. bin al-Shibh's efforts to enter the United States or his supporting role in Europe.
Merrill's traditional sources of profitability, such as the underwriting and brokerage businesses, have suffered in recent years, in line with the weak equity markets.
He emphasized, ''Only Russian investment,'' and added, ''We are starting a program to completely reconstruct our five border checkpoints to China to increase cargo and passenger flow.''
His meeting with her and Noemi Hill (Magin Schantz), the unstable and passionate 16-year-old abstract artist who lives with Yuri, will reverberate into a new generation that includes Hugo's son, Henry (Peter Lettre).
Here is a sampling of projects that stood the test of time: In 1956, my friend Ruthie and I were the stars of the ninth grade class at Newton High School.
CAPE MAY MUSIC FESTIVAL Music Festival Pops Concert.
Shares of Motorola fell 21 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $8.68 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
We Americans are still pretty insecure when it comes to wine.
It was the place where innovation trumped experience, where the little guy had as big a megaphone as the largest network, where the small business could reach a global market, where the public could regulate far better than any government.
The idea of the frame, of course, is to address the question of how imagination, nurtured by reality, creates art.
He is steady, Torre said, and handles pressure well.
You'd feel the same way if you, too, grew up in a Bronx neighborhood where Independence Day celebrations had all the sound effects of a war zone.
As Cameron Tuttle, the best-selling author of ''The Bad Girl's Guide to the Open Road,'' ''The Bad Girl's Guide to the Party Life'' and ''The Bad Girl's Guide to Getting What You Want,'' explains, being a bad girl is not about acting loose with either your body or your soul.
The smuggler's job was to know the appropriate authorities and other smugglers at each step of the way.
The approach has worked for Ms. Abelson.
''We are not promoting religion but only providing services to people who need it,'' he said.
Both publishers and consumers need to break this unnecessary (for the consumer) vicious cycle.
In another public feud, Mr. Aptheker took on the author William Styron, after the publication of his best-selling 1967 novel ''The Confessions of Nat Turner,'' a re-creation of the 1831 Virginia slave insurrection.
New orders for durable goods, which account for more than half of the factory report, fell 1.5 percent in November, led by declines in orders for machinery, motor vehicles and auto parts.
The other Australian, Mamdouh Habib, 47, of Sydney, was seized by the police in Pakistan in October 2001 enroute from Quetta to Karachi.
Kleiner and ZettaCore declined to comment on the reports.
After weeks of anxious negotiations, the Security Council adopted a resolution today extending the United Nations mission in Congo for a year while stiffening its mandate and strengthening the force to 10,800 troops from 8,700.
''We have put forward a full and fair offer,'' the statement said, implying that no higher bid would be forthcoming.
A1 Bigfoot Outlives Its Creator Bigfoot defenders, including at least two scientists and a clinical psychologist, are undeterred in their beliefs despite the recent death of Ray L. Wallace, the prank-loving Northwesterner who created the modern myth of Bigfoot by stomping a track of oversized footprints in a Northern California logging camp in 1958, using wood-carved feet.
''It could be anywhere,'' she said.
His deft review of the battlefield tactics that won Baghdad in less than a month is merely the preface to a bitter, global indictment of George W. Bush.
The gun lobby, masters of maneuvering under the Capitol radar, managed to insert a brazen rollback of gun controls in the measure's fine print.
''I can't believe these simulations can be this real,'' he says with awe.
To allow this to happen, simply stop harvesting after two and half months -- or sooner, if new spears are thin.
Bryant missed, but O'Neal was there to slam home the follow.
''He's comfortable up there and having a good time, and it's at least 10 degrees cooler up there than it is down here.''
''It's as if some kind of imaginative spark about space travel just died out,'' said Dr.
Susan Ochshorn and Marc Ian Gross were married in Manhattan last evening.
''The time has come to refrain from public comment,'' Selig said in the memo, according to a major league executive.
But he did not specify how to achieve these goals.
''He plays the race card,'' he said.
The fuel was deposited on Nov. 20 at the Idaho National Engineering and Environmental Laboratory in Idaho Falls.
''I want black and Puerto Rican girls to be able to say, 'That's me,' '' she said.
David was originally scheduled to speak; instead, a session was devoted to his memory.
But don't call him a cowboy.
In addition, for a survivor whose life's work was to be a witness for Auschwitz, he was understandably distressed when the world did not see things as he did.
And then a shot rang out from the balcony.
The bride and bridegroom graduated from Columbia, where they met.
A Chinese deity looks over the factory floor from behind a mound of partly burned incense sticks.
But within the Bush administration the mood has been one of frustration and puzzlement.
''But the only person I have to blame is Dennis Rodman.
Mr. Jackson's mother, Judith Jackson, attended the sentencing and afterward said that Mr. Lovett, who was obsessed with violent video games and the ''Matrix'' movie, had manipulated both her son and Mr. Olson.
Robert Douglas-Fairhurst,The Observer There are those who find his willingness in recent years to turn his hand to any subject -- 11 September, the royal family, the war on Iraq -- grating, as if he thinks he brings extra profundity to a subject merely by deigning to write about it.
.3:48:14 5107 Reijgersberg, J, 34M .
''They wanted to personify this increasing sovereignty, independence and legitimacy, and to make it palpable by the presence of an individual,'' Ms. Francke said.
It will most likely be heard in early April, perhaps even on April 1, the day after the Mets' opener.
Investors upset by the latest gross domestic product report sent shares sharply lower yesterday, ending a two-day rally.
''The Jews are fully integrated into French society,'' he said.
''He's supposed to be stocky,'' my husband said defensively.
Jewish organizations that have never been hesitant to issue resolutions on American foreign policy, especially toward the Middle East, have remained silent on going to war against Iraq.
She took one look at the kitchen and said, ''That sectional belongs downstairs with the green TV cabinet.
But there is little precedent for a private equity company to take over a national paper.
Mr. Albright and Ms. Hinderstein warn that every few months' delay in acting to shut down what may be an advanced effort to give Tehran a nuclear-weapons capacity gives the Iranians more time to expand their complex of centrifuges, which in turn could bring them closer to that end.
''Leonardo da Vinci, Master Draftsman'' is at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Fifth Avenue and 82nd Street, (212) 535-7710, through March 30.
.4:54:25 21897 Lubansky, S, 50F .
The company that owns the brand, Brown-Forman in Louisville, Ky., admits as much.
For members of the South Street Seaport Museum, it is $105 and $150, respectively.
When President Bush called on Americans to go shopping to help the country recover from the trauma of the 9/11 attacks, it was the consummate evocation of consumption as patriotism.
Balanchine's exquisite ''Ballade'' will be performed tonight by Jenifer Ringer and Robert Tewsley.
MARTINS: Basically I ask John, ''What do I need to know?''
The Nybergs determined that because the frequency was so specific to the size of the air bubble in the larvae bladders, it had no effect on fish or other species living in the same water.
On trips back home I discovered that almost everyone seemed to know someone who was involved, from all those extras -- an elf here, an orc there -- to carpenters fashioning seats for hobbits and calligraphers painting scrolls for wizards.
You don't know what to believe.''
Although it is not known whether their problems were caused by the vaccine, doctors said a link was biologically possible.
Tour veteran, bumped Wie and yelled at her in the scorer's tent after their round together Thursday, Wie's father, B. J., said.
He bought his house three years ago for $300,000 after living in a house across the street for the previous two years.
Pondexter led Rutgers (8-4, 2-1 Big East) with 23 points as it improved to 6-0 at home this season.
Europeans who disliked the American invasion, and many did, sometimes equated Minimalism with American industrial and corporate power.
On Sunday, Torre said Jeter was as strong physically as he had been in years.
But that, he said, could create problems for the unit owner.
Patients who ask whether they are dying should be answered honestly and reassured that those left behind will be well, which Ms. Pitorak says is more helpful than telling patients, ''You can go now.''
The setting seems nearly the same as the one I grew up in.
''This time, I think national security will be a fundamental threshold issue that anybody challenging Bush is going to have to meet.''
The company had more than $400 million in sales last year, Gordon Brothers said.
Last night, he found himself near tears during the anthem, because he was finally in uniform.
Against the Jayhawks, in a game featuring the two highest-ranked teams to meet this season, he was 12 for 18 and made 6 of 9 3-pointers.
Many worshipers' eyes misted as they listened to the pope and to the tributes that he received.
6 3 SAFE HARBOR, by Luanne Rice.
Byrd pitched two shutout innings against Houston minor leaguers Monday without problems.
Sniper Case Will Be First Test Of Virginia Antiterrorism Law DEC. 17, 2002 WHEREABOUTS -- Cellphone records indicate that Mr. Blair was in New York from 9:37 a.m. to 7:36 p.m. on Dec. 9, ostensibly when the article was written with a Washington dateline.
''People will be walking in there 10 years from now and find debris pieces,'' Dr. Kroll said.
The notion of a circus seemed to work best.
In one instance, a reference to a neural phenomenon called ''spreading depression'' caused him to look for articles with that term in their titles.
Fee, $20, $15 for children, which includes museum admission.
Demand for cars declined 0.9 percent, while orders for commercial aircraft dropped 7.8 percent in November.
''We are only a few miles from the Mets, but it's a long way from there to here.''
''I know forced marriages and they always worked for a long time.''
Minnesota rallied from 3-1 deficits in the first round against Colorado and in the second round against Vancouver.
Actually this agreement has approved two statements -- one statement on trans-Atlantic relations, and a declarative statement on Iraq.
He ticked off a half-dozen such victories in the last four years and concluded, ''Everybody forgets a lot.''
Ashley Hammond, president of the Montclair-based Ashley Soccer Camps, which is also a big user of Brookdale Park, agreed with Mr. Foelsch.
Despite repeated offers, it was not until 1991 that Mr. Stack agreed to star in the television movie ''The Return of Eliot Ness.''
Loving grandmother of Courtney, Andrew and Scott.
Vanguard is also starting a new fund, the Large-Cap Index fund, which will mirror the MSCI US Prime Market 750 Index, as well as nine other exchange-traded funds, which will be based on existing Vanguard mutual funds.
In my own life, I know that I'll always have more questions than answers about God.
''When you get in trouble, you call.''
Though Harrington starts, Weatherspoon remains the Knicks' top power forward, averaging more rebounds (7.5) and minutes (25) than Harrington.
Mr. Nazamy grew up expecting to marry an American.
If Russia's rejection is indeed final, countries could proceed independently with projects to curb emissions or enter into new talks toward ways to spur international efforts, experts said.
United Nations sanctions have ended, meaning that the stores can import computers more easily, and, without tariffs, prices are falling.
After Disney dropped the project, Mr. Hench, who is now a Disney executive, tried to save it by animating a 15-second sample to show him.
In the past few years, health policy experts, physicians and bioethicists have been grappling with ways to increase donations.
It is unsurprising that force projection overseas should awaken resentment among America's enemies.
''It's clear he's doing this on behalf of the auto industry,'' said Joan Claybrook, president of Public Citizen, a consumer advocacy group and a critic of Dr. Graham.
Hours: Tuesdays, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. for registered groups only; Wednesdays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, noon to 5 p.m.
''I wasn't Johnny Cash's closest friend, but I can speak for millions he made feel like he was their closest friend,'' Mr. Gore said.
''I will fill in the holes,'' he said.
A lot of people comment about the fence because they feel it gives it character.
He had to have the precise nozzles, at the precise height, with the precise water pressure, which library officials now joke about, saying it could tear the skin off an average man.
It lit a fire beneath a generation of entrepreneurial geeks, who rolled out some 15 virtual world ventures, often well financed, that offered primitive animated settings.
STILL, Argentina has already confounded pessimists who predicted that the country would collapse unless it moved quickly to reach an agreement with the I.M.F.
Last week, the official acknowledged to a reporter relaying the decision to DOJ Pride representatives.
''One might say we relied on them excessively if one had 20-20 hindsight,'' Mr. Todd said.
''We just built on what we went through last year,'' Martin said.
The cause of the fire was still under investigation, Mr. Liscio said.
Mr. Waxman said later that he tried not to listen when the chief justice began announcing the campaign decision, so that a loss would not cast a pall over his argument.
A 15-year-old autistic savant sets out to solve the mystery of a neighbor's dead poodle.
Maybe that is why only about 153,000 people are enrolled in high-risk pools nationwide.
The enemy is a guy called Satan.''
Students first learn water postures and how to balance and roll their bodies in the water.
Creating a similar program will be a bold step for the W.H.O., a United Nations agency based here.
''I think she has a sense of it,'' he said.
So health care costs rise; money available for reimbursement decreases; pressure for increased volume increases; regulations and administrative time and costs increase; time spent with patients decreases; dehumanization of medicine results; demoralization of doctors and patients ensues; and errors are made.
Beat until thick and pale yellow, about 5 or 6 minutes.
Council members joked), Mr. Bloomberg and Mr. Miller stood side by side and announced the tax-free weeks.
The Giants apologized and gave the boys a football, which Shockey later signed.
9 217 THE LOST BOY, by Dave Pelzer.
Mr. Scrushy and Mr. House worked together as respiratory therapists in an Alabama hospital 30 years ago, said a lawyer in Birmingham who knows both men.
The main conflict had been over the minimum number of musicians required -- currently 24 to 26 -- in the orchestra pits of Broadway's 13 largest theaters.
Ever since we put it on display here, the battery has been dead.
The use of amphetamines has been acknowledged as commonplace for many years in the big leagues.
The stock, which had been as high as $15.90 in May, plummeted to around $5 by early September.
His ''Anna'' was in good hands.
What began as a disagreement over the authenticity of research into peyote rituals has evolved into a take-no-prisoners legal battle between the two experts on the Huichol Indians of northern Mexico.
While price wars and cheaper imports have hurt the bottom line of many computer makers, consumers have been scooping up snazzy digital cameras and DVD players, which have been falling in price.
11 Mississippi State won on the road.
But then Lewis scored on a baseline drive and Vladimir Radmanovic followed with a 3-pointer to put the Knicks back into an 8-point ditch.
Chefs on the Move: Jacques Qualin, the executive chef at Le Perigord, has left to open French Corner in Stone Ridge, N.Y. His replacement is a Perigord veteran, Joel Benjamin.
's orientation toward solving crimes rather than preventing them is a major cultural obstacle that will have to be overcome if the F.B.I.
The much more conservative House bill passed by a single vote; just 9 Democrats voted for it and 195 against.
But the $179 million in cuts to education under the mayor's budget proposal would be too steep to pull off without cutting into classroom services.
.3:30:47 2517 Bonal, S, 51M .
While officials could not absolutely rule out a hit by an errant American bomb or missile, they also said the explosion might have been caused by Iraqi antiaircraft fire falling back to earth or a faulty Iraqi missile.
''And that means things like camouflage, which all the boys in London are wearing.''
Every New Hampshire kid was dutifully taken to admire the craggy stone face.
In other sports, the Women's National Basketball Association postponed two games: the Houston Comets-Liberty game at Madison Square Garden and the Connecticut Sun-Cleveland Rockers Game at Gund Arena.
There, in Alonso's home country, they made cigars in the Montecristo mold and small panatelas like the Upmann petits that President John F. Kennedy was said to be fond of.
Mr. Hoffman, 45, a television commercial producer, wanted a lake house in upstate New York where his parents had roots.
Three brothers who have owned the place since 1994 had a much longer trip; they emigrated from Istanbul to the New York area in the 1980's.
''Customers want their stores to back what they consider important, like breast cancer research and hunger, and home-improvement shoppers like to see backing for environmental groups.''
The towering living room has 15 1/2-foot-tall glass doors that pivot open on vertical hinges, leading to a cobalt pool and a sweeping view of the tropical coastline.
The 40-year-old Preki, who played for Red Star Belgrade in his native Yugoslavia and Everton in the English Premier League, leads M.L.S.
''I was concerned about the state keeping its fiscal commitment to the magnet, which they weren't able to do last year,'' he said.
By law in Oregon, children under 18 can operate all-terrain vehicles of varying sorts.
Stir until potatoes are well-coated, and spread them evenly in pan.
If you're feeling it, you've got to be jazzed.''
The one-and-a-half hour tour that afternoon was interesting in a different way, as a monk with modest English skills explained to us and a handful of European visitors the six colleges of Labrang and the stories behind the major Buddhist statues and drawings in the temples.
They're going to be laughing all the way home to Long Island.''
The documentary is also packed with some of the most powerful images of violence of the period, like a bound Vietnamese being shot in the head at point-blank range and the bloody bed of the Black Panther Fred Hampton after he was killed.
's office in Tajikistan, Meaghan Fitzgerald, was turned away as she tried to travel through Moscow to Dushanbe.
Floyd will not accompany the Mets to San Diego after today's game against the Rockies, and Floyd said he was still having a tough time thinking about that.
''Overtime is not a luxury, it is a necessity for many American families,'' said Representative George Miller, Democrat of California.
Yet even with the extraordinary legal maneuvering, involving issues no less weighty than constitutional law and the disenfranchisement of minorities, the race managed to amuse, befuddle and entertain.
B7 BUSINESS DAY C1-10 Saving ''The Sopranos'' After a weekend of intense discussions, the salary dispute between HBO and James Gandolfini that threatened the future of ''The Sopranos'' moved toward a resolution as both sides considered a deal to drop their lawsuits and resume negotiations after Mr. Gandolfini agrees to return to work.
Mr. Sanchez, 33, is an associate at Goldstein, Goldstein, Rikon & Gottlieb, a Manhattan law firm.
Pasture-raised meat shows promise of becoming the next heirloom tomato or goat cheese, both of which first attracted notice in much the same way -- in upscale restaurants and at urban greenmarkets -- and are now firmly in the commercial mainstream.
Larry Ellison, the founder of Oracle and a Cup backer, ordered two six-bottle cases of Cristal -- one for guests aboard his yacht Katana, another to congratulate his competitor, Ernesto Bertarelli, the Swiss billionaire, for a win.
And he does not often write as though he has been moved by the sight of this romantic and heartfelt art.
That elegant sliver known as the Concorde supersonic plane is scheduled to leave Kennedy International Airport for London at roughly sunrise today, a final flight for a technological marvel that failed the test of the very thing it was supposed to conquer: time.
An American soldier was wounded in a separate attack, when gunmen opened fire on a Special Forces unit.
went on the air, I heard that medical school enrollment started going up,'' she said.
The wireless segment has been a rare bright light in an otherwise gloomy global telecommunications market, and the trade show's organizers tried to direct attention to new data indicating that wireless subscriptions in the United States were up 10 percent last year, growing to 140.8 million from 128.4 million the year before.
At that point, Luciano del Soldato, Parmalat's chief financial officer at the time, was called into the meeting, the S.E.C.
''I think it's so important that car designers create passion.
The pears are peeled and cut up while the ham and onion brown, and the beans are washed, trimmed and chopped while the pears soften.
He added, ''Corporate events have completely evaporated.''
Nonetheless, Arab diplomats said today that they believed that no agreement on the Middle East's future could be reached without the approval of Mr. Arafat.
Most of the job cuts will occur this year and come from Alcoa smelters in the United States and businesses serving the aerospace, gas-turbine and automotive industries.
It has to be so: nothing less than death can sustain this classic piece of cinematic humanism.
Exceedingly rare, and well preserved, its missing legs aside, it shows a bearded centaur swiveling energetically to the right.
''And more importantly, I worry that the film business is being bought at a peak,'' Mr. Greenfield said.
The Snuggle sales force could use some cuddling.
July 2 SPIDER-MAN 2 -- The moody teenage superhero (Tobey Maguire) takes on the villainous Doctor Octopus (Alfred Molina) in the director Sam Raimi's sequel to his runaway hit of 2002.
That helps make the Giants a last-place team heading to unbeaten Minnesota next Sunday in a game that could further expose them as a team in crisis headed toward a crash.
''The car was more about hype, mystique and really smart marketing -- and styling.''
Now that Sarah has been born, Mrs. Darby, 32, occasionally gives herself to the grief of losing the man she has loved since she was 15.
A Time to Enjoy Berliozian Riches A sampling of concerts, lectures and symposiums devoted to the music of Hector Berlioz that are scheduled in Manhattan in the next few months.
David Rockefeller, Chairman Emeritus Agnes Gund, President Emerita Ronald S. Lauder, Chairman Robert B. Menschel, President Glenn D. Lowry, Director The Museum of Modern Art Brian Urquhart, Chairman Emeritus Agnes Gund, Chairman Jo Carole Lauder, President The International Council of The Museum of Modern Art
His .960 save percentage entering the game was the best postseason average in the N.H.L.
''The Bible Code,'' which argues that events in the past and the future were encrypted 3,000 years ago in Holy Scripture, is again a best seller in its sequel edition.
No one cares about the petty rivalries in this underground outpost of humanity.
In at least one case, the site has brought about face-to-face meetings.
What demonstrations might you use?
She arrived in the United States in 1992.
But Dr. Ron DeHaven, the chief veterinary officer at the Department of Agriculture said earlier this week that regulators were reconsidering the proposed relaxation.
GlaxoSmithKline and Bayer have said that they expect Levitra to reach $1 billion in sales annually.
He served as a director of MMC from 1977-1983.
The idea underpinning the creation of the nation's 2,695 charter schools is that the money that districts now pay to educate a child follows the child to his new charter school, and therefore taxpayers face no added costs.
''Goddamn New York,'' he says, adding that it is filled with ''Jews and Catholics and blacks and Puerto Ricans.''
They studied the weather reports as much as Arizona's man-to-man defense, flipping through the television channels on basic cable.
South American rebels storm a vice-presidential mansion during a lyric soprano's recital.
She is survived by her sons, Jack Brown, of Quincy, Mass., and William Marcus, of Fort Lauderdale; her daughters, Mary Liles and Barbara Marcus, both of St. Petersburg, Fla.; eight grandchildren; and eight great-grandchildren.
Reid was quickly identified as a married couple, Howard and Susan Kaminsky.
Those registering at wine shops are cautioned to keep in mind that if they register only for, say, expensive bottles of Veuve Clicquot's La Grande Dame Champagne (about $120 each), they are likely to end up with quite a few more pots and pans than they were anticipating.
How do the two proposals differ?
The gaps of communication, the turnovers and the slow-molding chemistry have all been a frustration.
Mr. Awad is an official of Al Farooq mosque on Atlantic Avenue in Boerum Hill.
According to preliminary calculations, the Dow closed down 45.41 points, or 0.5 percent, at 9,853.64.
He was a Civil Service commissioner in New York City from 1996 through 1998.
''Everyone abandoned it,'' he said in an interview.
It lost to a Villanova team that is as throwback as the jerseys now so popular in nostalgic fashion.
And he wanted this war with Iraq.
As part of the plan, some of the money from the bingo and keno proceeds would be funneled to economic development efforts in Windham and Tolland counties in northeastern Connecticut.
They must have known anyway; she had been performing in public since she was a panelist on ''Juvenile Jury'' at age 3.
He did not mince words in a December interview with The Times after he resigned from the Augusta country club.
The corporation received $1 million from the state and $5 million from the city to buy and renovate the red-brick building, which is now boarded up.
And a growing number of laptops and portable devices are equipped to connect to wireless signals automatically.
''He assured us that the funds would be there if the reforms were there.
An honor guard solemnly marches around a crypt that may or may not hold Columbus's bones.
A lawyer for Michael C. Skakel, who was convicted last year of killing Martha Moxley 28 years ago in a gated enclave of Greenwich, Conn., said yesterday that she would seek a new trial based on allegations by a new witness that two Bronx youths had bludgeoned the 15-year-old victim to death with a golf club.
One game into the season?
Now there's a long shot.
Whether Melnychenko worked independently or for the K.G.B.
Way back in 1899, the leading citizens of this little city north of Syracuse were determined to lure the first factory to be opened in America by the up-and-coming Swiss company Nestlé.
''Sometimes people laugh at me for the lengths I've gone to,'' she said.
The chief executive, Henry L. Meyer III, speaking at a conference in New York, said the bank had cut some jobs and had closed brokerage offices to offset the decline.
''It is time for SK Corp to chart an independent path.''
But they remain powerless to alter the course of events.
But this fundamental question has already been framed: Is New York, for all its vaunted liberalism, often intolerant of views that do not conform to generally accepted wisdom?
Each year brings forth a new Brookner novel, with the regularity of a ticking metronome atop a dusty piano in a dark London room.
The Democratic presidential field had to temper and qualify its increasingly aggressive attacks on the White House's postwar foreign and military policies.
In 1974, the Giants hired Bill Arnsparger, then the coordinator of the Miami Dolphins' legendary No-Name Defense, but he was a flop.
But some Brooklyn Democratic officials contend that Mr. Hynes is no more likely to be motivated by politics in this case than in a lower-profile case.
They slept in separate rooms, and Carmen went back to Connecticut the next day.
''This is not an old Europe attack on America,'' he said, explaining why he sees a parallel between ancient Rome and modern Washington.
Also on the bill are Ari Up, who was a member of the Slits in the punk era and now leans toward reggae; the bluesman Eddie Kirkland; Elliott Sharp, the blues-loving experimental guitarist; Mr.
It had been 9-0 under Izzo in N.C.A.A.
All the shootings were ruled justified by state prosecutors and by an internal Police Department review led by former Chief Raul Martinez, who resigned in November.
Protecting our ports, securing vulnerable chemical plants, tracking foreign visa holders, fixing our dysfunctional intelligence community, getting emergency equipment to firefighters and hospitals -- there are no cakewalks on the home front.
And where else will you learn that at one point ballets at the Met were known as ''ocular operas,'' or that in Denmark, in the 30's, one critic compared ballet to ''a delightful little almond cake,'' or that Patricia Bowman, a star pupil of Fokine's and an early Ballet Theater Giselle, was at one point reduced to dancing in roller-skating rinks and nightclubs, in one of which ''she followed a comedian with a potato-peeling act.''
''Bush has stayed clear of the big firms,'' said Mr. Morgan, a former chairman of the Securities Industry Association and a Bush fund-raiser.
The class of '53 does not include alumni with the fame of a Colin Powell or Jonas Salk -- City College alumni from other years -- but its members did well.
Beat in the remaining 1 1/2 cups sugar.
If true, it would be a momentous discovery.
He laid the blame for the persistent joblessness on the Sept. 11 attacks and the recession that began in early 2001, and said his three enacted tax cuts, totaling some $2 trillion over a decade, had saved the United States from even more job losses.
Morris has had shoulder trouble, and the Cardinals showed caution, but his replacement, Brett Tomko, allowed nine runs, including four homers.
I started crying right there.''
Such sentiments -- that the United States does not have Korea's best interests in mind -- are fueling much of the anger in South Korea.
''He had never spent a night away from his father and mother,'' his brother said.
The government found places for 400 families inside government buildings in November, Mr. Pashtun said.
We took the Métro halfway back from the Place de la République to Châtelet, walking the rest of the way in the wee-hours quiet, past the Louvre, where a banner caught our eye: the Museum of Decorative Arts was featuring Chinese posters from throughout the 20th century.
The bill corrected errors in a House version that would have made the flag a foot too long, forcing the bill back to the House on Friday, the last day of the legislative session.
Here we are trying to be collegial, but now I wonder if we've reinvented the wheel.''
MOURNING AT LINCOLN CENTER -- Richard L. Fisher, a real estate executive who serves on Lincoln Center's board, was to be honored last night at Lincoln Center's gala performance ''American Songbook: Celebrating the Music of Leonard Bernstein's New York,'' at Avery Fisher Hall.
I'm trying to drink some tea and stay warm.''
He saved lives, made contributions to the medical science, and established the image of a man of professionalism and integrity.
Years later, Greeks determined to root out the Jewish faith desecrated the Second Temple of Jerusalem.
In 1972 a commission appointed by President Nixon advocated decriminalizing marijuana, aiming to ''desymbolize it.''
Mrs. Donohue, 30, works in New York as the manager of marketing and communications at Maurice Villency, a chain of furniture stores.
GTCR has apparently not lost interest in the exchange but may have been taken aback by the speed of changes in the industry and by intensified criticism of the Amex in several areas.
The European Commission has stopped the clock in its investigation into the planned acquisition by General Electric of a Finnish medical equipment company, Instrumentarium, pushing back the Aug. 18 deadline for a ruling on the deal.
To judge from much of the world's media, especially in Europe and the Middle East, this was always true.
It's well located and has had a good, professional governmental presence.''
''I was making $27 a week -- that was good money,'' he said, laughing.
Scallop-flavored XO sauce, a Hong Kong specialty, makes a natural partner for grilled prawns cooked en papillote with angel-hair pasta.
''We call it 'grand theft avo,' '' said Nile Peterson, a manager for Calavo.
Yes, we know it's nobler to be inspired by more important things than that cutie at the next table.
Get your rest, K. G. ''There were nights early on when you wanted to keep his minutes, and his matchups, to where he could really thrive,'' said the Wolves' vice president, Kevin McHale, as he watched Garnett warm up before a game on Thursday.
In the process, you would avoid the frustrations of a missing keyboard, you would be able to play DVD movies in bed and you wouldn't be limited to tapping into a single computer.
A further challenge, White House aides have said, is how to express sympathy for those killed without showing favoritism for one family over another or drawing attention to the mounting number of deaths.
In a case of very bad timing, his father is beginning to show signs of Alzheimer's disease, and everyone -- the local doctor (Patrick Tull), Sean's girlfriend (Eileen O'Connell) and Michael himself -- thinks Sean should cancel his own plans, take a dull job at an insurance company, move back in with his father and nurse him for the duration.
Later in 1936 he gained full Broadway stardom in ''Red Hot and Blue,'' sharing top billing with Jimmy Durante and Ethel Merman.
Woods never relinquished his final-round lead.
But some loopholes are too big, even for his liking.
Potato pancakes are à la carte here but worth the extra money (two crisp big ones with applesauce or sour cream for $5).
The Texans (1-2) trailed by 14-7.
The 30-year bond, meanwhile, rose on the decline in crude oil prices, gaining 5/32, to 107 15/32.
The memorandum, which the bureau sent to local law enforcement agencies last month in advance of antiwar demonstrations in Washington and San Francisco, detailed how protesters have sometimes used ''training camps'' to rehearse for demonstrations, the Internet to raise money and gas masks to defend against tear gas.
She also believes that William Moore, the M.S.
That meant another start for Brent Johnson, who was not feeling well during the morning skate.
Pettitte had not won 20 since going 21-8 in 1996, and this season is special for several reasons.
What feels from within like a national crazy quilt of opinions and sensibilities can look like a monotone blanket from abroad, but there comes a point when resisting being lumped this way amounts to self-betrayal.
I don't believe there is any objective, scientific criteria.''
The children of this village were clustered together, leaning over the bank of the river, looking at the muddy brown water.
It's not just one phase of the game.
As those who travel coach class may be consoled to learn, even spacious private planes can feel cramped: ''Every picture,'' Slavin says, ''was like trying to light the inside of a cigar tube.''
But I probably will never be over winning the Olympics in 1998 either.
h. Which parties are involved in the struggle to manage electrical energy?
The couple can deduct state and local income taxes of $7,500 (Line 5) as well as real estate taxes of $7,200 (Line 6) and home mortgage interest of $5,400 (Line 10).
Although it is Bertarelli's first America's Cup, he did not exactly start from scratch.
Then in 1986, ''Birds of Colombia,'' the 836-page bible on Colombian birds, was published.
Though the Huskies fought to the end -- they were stopped inside the 10-yard line with just under a minute remaining -- they fell short.
One was a 1946 Chevrolet fire truck that cost Ken Cavendish $25,000 and a year's restoration.
There will be strict prohibitions on any reporting of future operations or postponed or canceled operations, the document further states.
''We've seen plenty of American flags, we've seen plenty of people who were waving to us,'' she said, ''many, many more people, in fact, than we've seen protesters.''
Business leaders in downtown Jamaica are hoping AirTrain users will help revitalize the area.
''No, unfortunately they won't be playing,'' Cahill answered in an e-mail message when asked about the couple's plans for the French Open, which begins on Monday in Paris.
One fund that Mr. Cessna recommended, Merrill Lynch Internet Strategies, was the firm's ill-timed attempt to participate in the boom for Internet stocks.
Others argued that for teenagers pregnancy was a far worse alternative.
Gen. Abd al-Razek al-Majaydah, the chief of Palestinian national security forces in Gaza, released a statement about two hours before the Israeli strike tonight saying that he had issued orders to stop anyone from firing rockets.
Yes, the Stephen King who wrote ''Carrie,'' ''The Shining'' and ''Christine,'' not to mention ''The Dark Tower'' books, I through V. The National Book Foundation, which hands out the prestigious National Book Awards, has decided to bestow its annual medal for distinguished contribution to American letters on the man who bestowed pig's blood, homicidal jalopies and ax-wielding nurses on our libraries.
Furthermore, it said the boy, his brother and sister all denied that anything improper happened when they stayed at the ranch.
Bolivians have grown tired of Mr. Sánchez de Lozada's free-market, pro-United States policies, which have not lowered our high rate of unemployment.
Its designers are trying to create clothes just a little bit older, moving slowly to the college-age audience -- but not so obviously that anyone but the most tuned-in teenager would notice.
George E. Pataki will head to the West Coast next week to raise money for Republicans in California, Washington and Oregon, his spokeswoman said today.
''Baseball is simply another tool to meet our mission,'' he says.
Although the transactions were disclosed in part in HealthSouth proxy statements and other filings, the teachers' retirement system claimed that the deals were approved without independent opinions concerning their fairness.
The vast majority of new hires do not.