If somebody else is more clever about selling seats in August then so be it.
Mr. Silver differs from Mr. Weprin on the death penalty, which Mr. Silver supports.
Pitching Goes South And there was the lost effectiveness of the pitching staff.
To the Editor: "On Walls, Memories of the Slain Are Kept" (front page, Jan. 28) chronicles a curious cultural trend, in which families and friends adorn ordinary brick walls with murals and epitaphs to memorialize the victims of inner city killings.
The first, offered by Mr. Nunn and Senator John Warner, a Virginia Republican, was a nonbinding resolution that merely encouraged the Administration to stay the course and work with its allies to end the embargo.
They say they believed she had the problem beaten.
Beuerlein, at a base salary of $2 million this season, would be alikely candidate for a pay cut or a pink slip.
International After seven years of talks, a new global trade pact will be signed on Friday.
Hammaker, a 36-year-old left-handed pitcher, had not pitched in the major leagues since 1991, when he appeared in one game for the San Diego Padres.
Seeker of Consensus Mr. Weprin's colleagues considered him an immensely likeable, almost grandfatherly, leader who sought to forge consensus among his diverse Democratic caucus.
Retail sales have been weak throughout the fall, and while the pace began picking up last week, most retailers are reluctant to forecast a holiday sales boom.
Come see Jo Jo the Dog-Faced Boy.
"We understand the issues," said Loney.
"The public response has been much greater, and came much faster, than we had anticipated," said Andrea Hein, president at Viacom Consumer Products in Los Angeles, which handles licensing and merchandising for properties including "Star Trek."
Choir, with strings and harp; Karen Bogan, soprano; Anaik Berneche, alto; Scott Carleton, tenor; Stephan Kirchgraber, bass; John Uehlein, director.
Brien Taylor was not among those pitchers.
"We have 10,000 children dying every day from preventable causes.
They were prepared for the worst: leaving Connecticut.
"It really doesn't do anyone any good," he said.
Not surprisingly, Eugene Orza, a Players Association lawyer, disagreed with that view.
"It's logical for people to pay something for medicine and education in a market economy," said Do Duc Dinh, a Government economist who is deputy editor of The Vietnam Economic Review.
He deliberately ignored the words and created a baptism scene in a church.
Unlike Van Poppel (0-2), who labored through 45 pitches, never escaped the first and might not be in the majors if Oakland could risk optioning him, Mulholland, the veteran with the $3.35 million contract, did not crumble in the first.
Dir., Anti-Defamation League New York, Sept. 23, 1994
One of the most expensive undertakings (not included in the kitchen's $1 million budget) was a required ventilation system that rises 22 stories.
Earlier this year, it was estimated that 6,000 Muslims still lived in the Bijeljina region, compared with a pre-war population of more than 30,000.
David Cohen, the synagogue's rabbi, is not ashamed to sprinkle his conversation with risen-from-the-ashes metaphors, since they are rarely so appropriate.
With "people meters" out of favor, is tomorrow's method a spy in every household?
Another agreement bloopie was proposed for the Ford Motor Company, for "In each of us, there's a dreamer and a realist.
One of the people Mr. Massie consulted about his candidacy last year was Jim Spencer, a veteran of some 30 political campaigns and widely regarded as a savvy organizer.
Louis Farrakhan, the minister of the Nation of Islam, asserted in a speech on Saturday that whites would not stop black-on-black violence because it provided organ donations.
D1 Remembering Shanghai's wartime Jewish community.
Calls have been pouring in, although I'm starting to get calls congratulating me that weren't there before.
When the students in her English class are asked to research and file reports on people they admire but don't know, Vada decides to trace the background of her mother, Maggie, who died giving birth to her.
The authentic long-sleeved black Lagerfeld dresses are due in the store later this month for $345, and Jean-Paul Gaultier's printed skin dresses, priced from $410 to $435, next month.
Still, the season was constrained by an air of non-event, a sure cause for critical malcontent.
New works -- even new old works, like the 84-year-old Reger -- are labor-intensive for both musicians and listeners.
Price Is Defended Neal Pilson, the president of CBS Sports, contended that the Nagano price was more viable than the $456 million NBC will pay for the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.
Genevieve to late-19th-century developments in bacteriology and electricity, he put his art to work in the public service.
Because software is part of a process, lawyers say, the Supreme Court ruling meant that nearly any program or part of it was patentable.
One of them is a multimedia sports service being developed by a startup company, Starwave, owned by Mr. Allen.
Pittsburgh's lone goal came on a 55-foot slap shot by Martin Straka in the first period.
Of the 600,000 Russians who have come to live in Israel since 1989, 3 percent described themselves as artists and 65 percent of those said they were musicians.
For decades, workers like Mrs. Gibbs raised the family income.
Those first raids were truly horrific.
"Clearly, the North Koreans want to preserve as much ambiguity about their program as they can," said Han Sung Joo, the patient and soft-spoken South Korean Foreign Minister.
's, shortened attention spans, hyperactivity, aggressive behavior, reading disabilities and behavioral problems.
And Guelda Sherman, a cellist, lamented that her professional and social life would be in disarray during the upcoming holidays.
Federal Express stumbled on its pledge of timely handling of packages when a computer glitch stopped some pickups.
They asked me to go out and set an unreasonable pace, and push the pace to the extent that it would affect everyone else.'
The Islanders' goalie, Jaime McLennan, said: "Every game now is so large for us.
But some may want to play George Soros for a day with a prudently small sum.
HARRY A. SCARR Washington, April 11 The writer is the acting director of the Census Bureau.
Car Found on Bridge Her husband's 1982 BMW was found abandoned on the Tappan Zee Bridge with the engine running and the keys in the ignition.
After the Clinton Administration embraced auctions as a way to fatten Federal coffers, Congress converted, voting last year to require auctions for most nonbroadcast licenses.
She served in the post until 1989, when her party lost power, and then returned when the party was re-elected in October.
They are Postal Service carriers.
The Administration's case-by-case approach seems more prudent.
"It kind of goes against some of the stereotypes," said Dr. Joseph Salvo, director of the City Planning Department's Population Division.
But meanwhile, whites -- already ahead -- were also making gains; the proportion of white families with comparable earnings rose from 24.5 percent to 35.7 percent in the same period.
"There are enough verbal, visual and musical jokes to keep you thinking for a long time about passion, inspiration, politics, religion, history and -- since this is an affectionate tribute to the playwright's Polish origins -- nationality," Mr. Bruckner wrote.
Dr. Uwe Reinhardt, a health economist at Princeton University, called the program an extraordinary indictment of the poor.
At her death she was a book designer for Harry N. Abrams Inc., an art-book publisher.
But, Ravitch added, "That doesn't mean the industry doesn't have economic distress."
He predicted the newest returnee would be unable to find his niche.
Ms. Levine said she expected to be a witness in the Kentucky case against Mr. Smith.
Usova and Zhulin, drawing tension and emotion from a stormy marriage, skated a sensuous routine, and were followed by the speed and athleticism of Grichtchuk and Platov.
Columbia has begun recruiting more aggressively in the Southwest, Southeast and Midwest.
"The problem is that people are hoarding," said Akiko Kaisu, a 65-year old woman from Tsuitachi City, a suburb.
His most likely Republican rival, Senator George E. Pataki of Putnam County, perennially votes against the budget and is expected to do so again this year on the ground that it spends too much and fails to cut taxes enough.
So far this season, the two teams have played twice, with the Islanders winning by 6-4 at the Coliseum on Nov. 27 and the teams tying, 4-4, on Feb. 2 at the Garden.
The announcement came after the group, Inner City Press/Community on the Move, tried to block Nat West's purchase of two banks in New Jersey on the basis of the Community Reinvestment Act, which compels banks to lend in the communities they serve.
He had to stand on the toes of his sneakers to reach it.
"Kina's pretty good at retaining what's interesting about the folk style, the kind of verve, the kind of crazy excitement that it has, and jacking it up into a band context."
Faster than a magician, the second student, Angel, pretended to punch Hector in the face.
After New York stalled on the Minnesota 4 and was forced to kick a 21-yard field goal, the Vikings didn't waste their next chance.
"I have always lived here.
Other Ideas Advanced The drafts also contain novel proposals for experimental approaches to homelessness.
In May, the Justice Department asked a Federal judge to make the board show why Mr. Humphries should not be dismissed or transferred.
And when a former prosecutorial colleague serves at the pleasure of a mayor, it is hard for him to appear independent when he has to investigate City Hall.
In Chicago, one of the worst hit cities with eight inches, snow began falling Tuesday night.
More than half of the children immunized at public clinics in California are covered by insurance or welfare but pass up private doctors because of high costs and inconvenience, a new study has found.
Mr. Lautenberg said he was running against the Republican candidate's refusal to distance himself from Mr. Grant.
Broadcasters plan to argue that stricter regulations are not necessary, and that in any case they would violate the First Amendment.
Although he is often surrounded by associates, he remains something of a loner.
"The Howling" (1981) is a werewolf satire that manages to be funny and creepy.
"I could have a Ph.D. in psychology at this point," says this hyperkinetic pixie after 14 years in the business at jobs ranging from busgirl to restaurant manager.
The film, which was shown last night on public television, includes an interview Ms. Gal conducted with Sheik Omar Abdel Rahman, who has been charged in a conspiracy to blow up several New York landmarks.
He paused again and said, "Someone will want to give me a job next year."
The assembly grew chaotic, Mr. Humphries said.
Any prescription or nonprescription drug made in the United States and approved by the F.D.A.
Weather was likely another factor in the livestock surge.
Coaches from eastern Germany have helped establish the Chinese program, which has renewed American distrust.
Yevgeny G. Kibkalo, one of Moscow's most renowned vocal teachers, asked amid the faded grandeur of his ornate practice room at the Moscow Conservatory, the one place where Eugene Onegin remains more popular than either of the Elvises (Presley and Costello).
There are always going to be transitions in the business that we're in.
"In a life-or-death operation against an enemy, you have to maintain secrecy or else the operation is compromised and you're dead," said Senator Bob Kerrey, the Nebraska Democrat in line to become the next intelligence committee chairman.
Mr. Lautenberg, a Democrat, had little trouble defeating two primary opponents but is expected to face a tough Republican challenge in November.
Market research was simple: take a cab and ask the driver what he did to get through the night.
The prosecution memorandum continues: "When Salem indicated that the plan was currently in motion, Rahman offered a lesson in patience from history: 'It doesn't matter.
Results are in Canadian dollars.
"Democrats say they're going to take something from the rich," she said.
In the category of classics are such different works as Imogen Cunningham's sensuous black-and-white rendering of twining calla lilies, from around 1929, and Walker Evans's 1930 photograph of a floral motif on a scrap of stamped tin.
David Pederson, 45, of Rosewell, Ga., is the 12th of 15 former Honda executives to plead guilty to charges stemming from a nationwide F.B.I.
David Robinson matched his season high with 42 points, but he fouled out with 54.7 seconds left in overtime on a charging call.
Here was Jim Calhoun, moments after one of the highlights of his coaching career to that point, his team's second victory in a N.C.A.A.
"They have to get used to a different kind of mayor," he told reporters after a meeting with Republican House members in which he was sharply criticized by Representative Peter T. King of Long Island.
There, as birch logs sizzled and popped in the wood-burning stove, I studied an Adirondack Ski Touring Council map (available free at the many ski centers here) that detailed the second leg of the Jackrabbit Trail.
Macarchuk himself was sometimes mentioned as a possible successor to Carlesimo, as was Rider Coach Kevin Bannon.
The event, a fund-raiser for the company, will begin with a cocktail buffet in the Cole Porter suite in the Waldorf Towers, 100 East 50th Street.
THE END OF THE HUNT, by Thomas Flanagan.
"The Russian troops have been given the order to to spare the lives of civilians," he said.
There are also plans for both a virtual-reality amusement center and more traditional forms of leisure, like a golf course and an aquatic park.
But Green, one of the blunter managers in baseball, also refused to give any credence to the belief that the Mets were totally cured of the ills that led to one disaster of the season.
Readings From Mumford In a statement that she read, Anne S. Agee, said: "It was Lewis Mumford, author of 'The Culture of Cities,' who described Bronxville as 'a special and splendid suburb.'
You point to California's example.
Jonathan J. Pollard, the American who is serving a life term in prison for spying for Israel, lost his best chance for immediate release last week when President Clinton rejected his clemency petition.
There were projected deficits in the last two years and we finished with a surplus.
Riley, his options limited, said he thinks Anthony will respond.
People who are near hypothermia should be given warm fluids, Dr. Hamlet said.
Or, at least, they're not willing to pay quite so much for it.
Yet, surprisingly, this is not what you get.
Today, incrementalism is seen like cholesterol: some is bad but some is good.
This year, as state and city budget cuts threaten social-service programs and the percentage of poor New Yorkers receiving public assistance is falling, charity officials say the need for private donations is urgent.
At that rate, many trees may be dying before getting old enough to produce seeds.
In Washington: Since he arrived at the Justice Department in the first days of the Clinton Administration, he has been the subject of regular criticism by Republicans who say he is the behind-the scenes-conduit for improper White House influence.
In the first six years of the Reagan Administration, State Department attempts to engage South Africa in serious negotiations over regional and internal issues were undercut by irregular contacts with South African officials, hints of support and back-channel leaks by right-wing Republican stalwarts like Pat Buchanan, William Casey and Jeane Kirkpatrick.
Hubert Davis shot 0 for 7 from the field.
Some had weapons, flak jackets and bulletproof vests, he said.
She would not elaborate on what actually had happened.
Mr. Broadbent is also involved in restoration at Dowling College, where he is the associate provost.
Similar protests were made by Filipino women who were forced to have sex with Japanese soldiers.
But even though we face no shooting war in Vietnam, the world is in a very uncertain state, and Vietnam must always be willing to sacrifice to protect its freedom."
Peyton Manning completed 10 of 16 for 141 yards and Brandon Stewart went 7 for 7 for 118 yards.
That concern mirrors allegations made by Pacific Telesis, the regional Bell company based in San Francisco, which has complained that representatives of the Washington Post Company and Cox both pleaded their cases at a time when the commission had said it would not accept any additional comment on the subject.
Tom talks about himself without self-consciousness in a series of small revelations that inevitably lead to a very sad payoff.
As both houses of Congress at various times have declared when asking the President to lift the embargo, it is not a United Nations but a United States embargo that is the villain.
Flight B, Steven Shaye of Slingerlands, N.Y., Lee Brechner of Katonah, N.Y., Richard Lanfer of Hartsdale, N.Y., and Larry Rosen of Albany.
"The search is continuing for her," said Sgt.
It is instantly clear that Wes would be hell to work for.
Democracy and human rights are national interests for the U.S.
There have been several examples of this.
Employment at the company dwindled from the thousands down to 270 in 1991.
At the same time, North American and Australian mining companies complain of increasing "barbed wire" at home: environmental hearings and native Indian land-ownership disputes that either block new projects outright or stretch out approval times for years on end.
Mr. Clinton's own sprawling press office could not have said it better.
Ballet, she believes, works best when it is about big feelings rather than social customs or politics.
"It's simple," insisted Mihailo Markovic, a senior member of Mr. Milosevic's Socialist party.
"We reached our decision after observing some of the things that go on there," Mr. Allison said.
But there is little prospect, Administration officials said this afternoon, that the United States will get involved in active, sustained combat as a result.
BRIDGESTONE METALPHA CORP., Tokyo, a subsidiary of Bridgestone Corp., Tokyo, a tire manufacturing and sales concern, will build a steel cord plant in Clarkesville, Tenn., at an estimated cost of $130 million.
I just thought you should know."
Scythian nomads, based in the steppes north of the Black Sea, were ancient warriors who at one time occupied much of Eastern Europe and Russia.
* Peasant Restaurant Group, Atlanta, to the Joey Reiman Agency, Atlanta, to handle advertising for five restaurants including Winfield's and the Public House, previously handled by Fitzgerald & Co., Atlanta.
The title on his business card, chief executive officer, does not begin to describe his peripatetic existence.
When the victory was all but official, Robert strapped on a guitar and grabbed the mike at the Island Chateau and began to sing: I want a place where kids can play, I want to live right by the bay.
A lot of people are contemplating leaving because of what has happened."
So I think that physically, I'm prepared for it."
My birthday is in August.
Only three families out of the hundreds who lived on the hill have trekked the few miles home.
Today was the first time in my recollection we have had a presentation on how things were delayed and why."
Mr. Countryman, as the family schlemiel who quietly grows into financial power and increasing cynicism, is particularly effective, an edgy admixture of reticence and resentment.
The Greenville district, the largest in the state with 50,000 students, has adopted the minute of silence as a permanent policy, regardless of what happens in the Legislature.
That concerned Adolfo Barrera Ortiz, director of the ACN-SIAG news agency, formerly run by his brother, whose wife was murdered in an earlier attack.
As the two went at it on a rain soaked day, George Young, the team's general manager, continued to make news off the field.
It was to help them become better clients for engineers, architects and landscape designers.
A car packed with 175 pounds of explosives was found on Mr. Shimmiri's property by the Kuwaiti security authorities a day before Mr. Bush arrived in Kuwait.
The Argentine woman had beaten Navratilova on clay five weeks ago in Hilton Head Island, S.C. (AP) HOCKEY Canada Gets Its Shot Canada gained a chance to avenge the shootout loss at the Lillehammer Winter Olympics two and a half months ago after beating the Czech Republic, 3-2, Wednesday and gaining a berth against Sweden in today's semifinals of the world hockey championships.
It was there he met his wife, Mandy Sayer, an Australian novelist and short-story writer, whom he married in 1985.
Barbara Thompson, vice president and associate media director at Lord, Dentsu & Partners in Los Angeles, called the magazine "a very broad-based publication" that was valuable for reaching a large market at a time when there was so much emphasis on niche publications.
"That included inputting documents into the computer because we didn't have money to pay overtime to secretaries.
"The pressure was great playing a team like Germany, but most of our players were not scared of the German team," said Dimitar Penev, the coach.
But he fought back and won.
Marine Corps personnel will collect the toys, which will be distributed to needy youngsters as part of the Toys for Tots program.
"There is no survey," he added, "that will tell you how many unnecessary jobs have been eliminated."
EDEVAIR SOUZA DE FARIA, 62, was abducted Monday night as he left a bar he owns in Rio's Penha district, HELIO VIGIO, head of Rio's anti-kidnapping division, said.
The cost of safety, and the weighing of money against lives, is rarely reviewed in public -- as it was in the Government's pickup-truck settlement with General Motors.
But if Paul O'Neill wants to make $6 million a year for hitting .400, that might not be so fine, because that salary might not fit under the Yankees' cap.
USAir says it needs to reduce its annual labor costs by $500 million.
We just couldn't get hits when we needed them."
In front of the Barthels Hof, an 18th-century complex in Leipzig where Mr. Schneider planned to build shops, restaurants, offices and apartments, passers-by gathered to watch as workers packed their tools and tried to disassemble and remove whatever they could.
He sleeps in a bed at Peter's Place, a shelter in Chelsea run by the Partnership for the Homeless, and life is not too complicated.
Many traders interpreted the President's comments to mean that the White House was not greatly concerned about the dollar, which has fallen 10 percent against the mark and 12 percent against the yen so far this year.
Several pictures, showing parts of the universe as it was when one-third and two-thirds its present age, offered a richness of evidence for the dynamics of galaxy evolution.
Last year, the company reported profits of $342 million on revenues of $2.1 billion.
The light in her large, soulful eyes and the gaunt beauty of her profile certainly reveal as much about the character as Mr. Giron's overwritten dialogue does.
's small vote of confidence will buttress reformers, encourage foreign investors and help convince the industrialized nations that it is safe to go forward with their large aid package.
But Miami officials hope to steer attention to the city's more positive features with events like a huge beach party in Miami Beach on Thursday for the visiting journalists.
The response of the agency to new aviation hazards has too often been sluggish.
Why, then, I asked him, would he not put a handful of reporters into one of the U.N. helicopters then going to the town?
"Homicide," the police series from Barry Levinson that has been on and off the NBC schedule for over a year now, will be back, on Fridays at 10 P.M. Intramural Shifts The network will break up its popular Thursday-night schedule, keeping "Seinfeld" at 9 P.M. but moving "Frasier" and "Wings" to Tuesday.
I had just written a paper on her, and now Baumann demanded to see it.
The story of the two figure skaters was made into a quickie movie for NBC, but Mr. Harbert said he couldn't see the point for ABC.
And while Evans, who died of a heart attack 30 years ago behind the counter of his downtown Savannah grocery store, had dispensed few details about his family, many of the discoveries Ms. Porter has made seem to correspond to what Mrs. Stregles does know.
Long waiting periods are common due to the number of applications received by the Liquor Authority and the numerous checks that the Authority makes on applicants.
already has a video goal judge.
And David Diamond remains as waspish as Elliott Carter and Milton Babbitt are amiable.
Mr. Tsukada, a former Toyota executive who helped to establish that company's joint manufacturing venture with General Motors in California, said Motorola had overstepped its bounds.
We're not seeing the kind of population growth we're seeing in the West and Southern part of the United States."
Officially, when-issued trading will not begin until the company leaves bankruptcy protection on Aug. 23.
Models, including the actor Jaye Davidson, pulled confetti from their hats and threw it into the audience.
Jascha Horenstein, Mahler's most instinctively correct interpreter, did not live to make a studio recording of the Seventh, although his 1969 live performance in London with the Philharmonia Orchestra (Music and Arts 727-1; CD) gives a strong hint of what might have been.
Call 637-9708 for more information.
In some Israeli circles, a new dirty word has popped up in the last few weeks: Brooklyn.
But in captivity, she did not know that other journalists were trying to help.
"I had momentum, coming from right to left.
The other extreme, popular among British paleontologists, is that pterosaur hind limbs were splayed out awkwardly, forcing the animals to crawl.
Still, there are many charming supportive performances from a cast that includes Swoosie Kurtz, Julie Harris, Tonea Stewart and NBC's trump card, Katharine Hepburn.
He said he believed that Russia and the other former Soviet republics appreciated this cautious approach because they do not want to be condemned to the status of enemies.
The airline begins flying into the airport on April 18.
At a news conference here, Tom DeSantis, the Riverside County spokesman, said the results of the autopsy might take as long as a week.
It's possible there may be some paradoxes on things like health care where it will be in everyone's interest to put together some modest reform.
And even as reporters in the infield pestered him about Bosnia, Mr. Clinton clearly preferred to talk about the first pitch, which he had just managed to lob for a strike.
Under the concert's permit, concertgoers must park in lots around the county and ride shuttle buses to the concert.
"Frito was paying $1 over the Board of Trade price for white corn when they started here in the 1980's, but now it's down to 30 cents for white corn and just 10 cents for yellow corn," Mr. Rothermel said.
Aside from fervent attestations of the will to rebuild and fund-raising campaigns announced by Pascual Maragall, the Mayor of Barcelona and a rival of Jordi Pujol, the Governor of Catalonia, the days following the Liceu catastrophe were marked mostly by the bizarre.
Somehow, the setting seems at odds with the outdoors, but, sitting in the glass-enclosed veranda above the palms, away from the cooks' theater, you know you are in the tropics.
The discovery, though accidental, was not completely unforeseen.
"I want this war to be over, but it's a pretty shaky truce right now."
The latest letter is also decorated with drawings of what appear to be nautical signal flags, which never appeared on the earlier letters.
Johns Hopkins (4-3) is No.
The camp, the Clear Lake Scout Reservation, is a pristine tract surrounded by the Clarence Fahnestock Memorial State Park.
Another package, with a double room, Continental breakfast, table d'hote dinner and four treatments, is $528 a night for two people.
But like Lewis Carroll and others who made art out of their obsessions Bartlett trails no scandal.
The Americas, United in Trade After passage of the North American Free Trade Agreement, the rest of Latin America looked at Mexico and said, "What about us?"
Worse, perhaps, the only Federal agency with the power to drive the bargaining to a conclusion that serves the public is hoping, hoping, hoping someone else will take the political heat.
In lifting Mrs. Helbrans's conviction, the judge said he did so even though he believed she was part of the conspiracy.
"I am a walking screaming hell/A thing of torture to behold" he vowed as his band, Danzig, started its set on Monday night at a sold-out Roseland.
In that report, the state portrayed Newark as a failing system in which students struggle through badly taught classes in deteriorating buildings while aloof administrators are unable or unwilling to address the problems.
Yet there are the same sighs of sorrow and anguish from the old people settled like rooted plants in folding chairs on the sidewalks.
Exacerbating that trend, more and more graduates are choosing to attend a junior college for a couple of years before going on to a more expensive four-year institution.
It is widely believed among Western and Asian diplomats that if the death of Mr. Deng brings thousands of Chinese into the streets either to praise or to protest his rule, they will be greeted by a martial-law response, especially at the entrances to Tiananmen Square.
They also stop to ask for chocolate.
The bridegroom's previous marriage ended in divorce.
A related article, listing D-Day exhibits in France and England, misidentified the institution with the largest collection of air weaponry in Europe.
Penn State had a 35-14 lead with less than 2 minutes to play, all suspense was gone and second-team players were mixed with some remaining starters.
How these concepts will work in New York City remains to be seen.
The tax is approximately 65 percent, Romanian officials said.
It's like fixing a car, and in some ways this car is going to get worse, but it will carry you some miles.
Valdosta has won seven state titles under him.
Instead of having tourists drive from the airport in rented cars, would it not make sense for the hotels to provide bus service from the airport to the hotel for people traveling from Europe, in particular?
At the same time that it announced a deal on Friday to help establish a minority-owned venture to acquire local television stations, the Fox Broadcasting Company tossed an apparently gratuitous bouquet at the N.A.A.C.P.
In the wake of devastating tornadoes that took at least 43 lives in Alabama, Georgia, Tennessee and the Carolinas last Sunday, Vice President Al Gore announced a three-agency effort today to expand the current Weather Radio network to include all types of disaster warnings and to increase coverage to 95 percent of Americans.
"She can tell you what the C.E.O.
Unlike previous plans, the proposal does not set a date for his return to power.
The Takara Company introduced the first children's organizer in 1991.
But for nearly all of his waking hours, he works.
Rib-knit vests are laced top to bottom with thick knit ribbons; sweaters are long and asymmetrical; silken swinging skirts in knitlike nets are layered; short ponchos layer over sweaters.
A Device to Help In Putting On Socks Roger Weatherholt won a patent last week for a "sock donning apparatus."
"Nobody was going to cross Hillary Clinton."
He said short maturities were the beneficiaries of a flight to quality stemming from the confusion surrounding Orange County.
But anyone uninterested in birds can enjoy this piece for its beautiful movements, and for its beautiful stillness as well.
Torrential rains have been pounding the countryside, washing out dirt roads but also uncovering many of the shallow mass graves hastily dug near churches where Tutsi were massacred.
Armani treats them like pliable jackets, and Versace air-conditions them.
You pick it up in a couple of days.
Last week, opposition to an American invasion was pervasive across party lines.
This year, all those bets have been losers.
"You just ignore it," said Jan Brown, a secretary at the Valdez School District.
Some 200 to 300 bald eagles died; 175,000 to 300,000 common murres perished.
This was the work of the women, he tells us; they unearthed the stones and carried them on their heads in sturdy baskets woven of chestnut laths.
Near Bruckner Boulevard and Wilkinson Avenue, where his parents still live and where he lived until he was married five years ago, Mr. Vacca, 39, admits that his response to littering can be extreme.
Robert Fink, a lawyer representing Mantle, acknowledged yesterday that the former Yankee was the subject of an inquiry.
Yet Walter Reed and his colleagues exposed themselves to yellow fever to test a new vaccine, providing the means for eventual treatment.
There is growing public frustration, rooted in fear and a sense of helplessness, over the numbers of mentally ill homeless people who wander the streets, unable to look after themselves, and who in some cases have clearly lost touch with reality.
Antonio Strano, a 51-year-old junior high school art teacher, has a teen-ager's soul trapped in an adult's body.
She stopped for a minute, then added, "but everybody knows the streets are still full of young people as troubled as I was."
The chief executives basically supported the Fed's moves because they said they thought the increases would help control inflation and not hurt their sales.
Peter Markar, manager of the Great South Bay shopping center, said he was working to remove the cars.
With golf the mainstay of CBS Sports, Harvey Penick, the legendary 88-year-old golf instructor and author, is named Pilson's successor.
Like Mr. Chertoff, Mrs. Hochberg is a graduate of Harvard Law School, where she was a Law Review editor.
Part of it has to do with drivers not knowing how to use ABS.
Earlier in New York yesterday, it settled at 98.49 yen, down from 98.80 yen on Wednesday.
said Everett Hines, a consultant with Coopers & Lybrand who is working with St. Joseph's to introduce its computer system.
He faces her, gravely now.
Reed Hortie's comedy about a lesbian-run school that teaches gay men to become straight; music by Avi Gross.
All seemed intent on a theological version of networking, and some participants said that was the real achievement of the assembly.
The increases adopted by the board will affect about 800,000 rent-stabilized apartments in the city for leases signed between Oct. 1, 1994, and Sept. 30, 1995.
She smokes about a pack and a quarter each day.
But its structure is poetic, built on a single refrain: "Why have you forsaken me?"
" Mr. Carley says: "A lot of people in the organization are writers and journalists.
"To the Starry Island," which the New York Film Festival is showing this evening at 9 and tomorrow at 6 P.M. at Alice Tully Hall, is at once a portrait of an insular, tribal society and a meditation on the bitter division between South and North Korea.
"Sword" was published, received great reviews, and "sank like a stone," he recalled.
Thus if the congress wins 50 percent in the national poll, the top 100 members of the list will go to Parliament.
A major change now allows party workers to correct details that a signer supplies incorrectly, such as the wrong assembly district, without having to get the signer to verify the correction.
Some guys like to play golf, or go to the bar.
No mind -- the round ball went through the round basket.
But Mr. Borosage, Mr. Shuman and others are waging an uphill intellectual battle when they try to criticize Mr. Clinton.
The union said that an analysis of the worker evaluations found 28.3 percent of whites who were rated for job performance in 1993 received the top rating of 1, which placed them in position for promotion.
93-517, as a vehicle to re-examine its approach to the establishment clause, the Justices appeared absorbed in the details of the case and did not seem eager to make new law.
He said he doesn't really care what fans think.
The Navy plans to have about 30 combat ships with female crew members in the next three years.
Three Republican seats are also open.
Where to Stay Prices are summer rates for two persons in a double room unless otherwise noted.
Every musician aspires to having a steady job.
And the most recent court-ordered response -- paying $100 a day to families for whom housing is not immediately available -- is ludicrous.
Four years ago he won election to Congress.
Maybe you think you should have known all that at the beginning.
In the meantime, because one person is upset doesn't mean you don't try to get a fair contract for your membership."
Roy Kaiser has been named to succeed Christopher d'Amboise as the artistic director of the Pennsylvania Ballet for the 1994-95 season, effective July 1.
He said he and Lurie agreed to think it over for a week or two before making a decision.
"But we know we can get people into poetry this way.
YOU KNOW You need a new pin-striped suit if: * Your tailor offers to float you a loan * You spray water on it after ironing, to dull the shine obliterating the stripes * Teen-agers can't get enough of those lapels * The cabby says you look "snazzy" * A guest on "Montel Williams" is wearing the same one You're the oldest one in the room because * You said you went to the original Woodstock, and everyone believed you * You raved about this great album by Ella, and someone asked, "You mean CD?"
11:37 A.M. -- At the We Can redemption center on West 52d Street in Manhattan, John F. exchanges 480 12-ounce cans and 30 1-liter bottles for a voucher.
"She was standing on deck, waving," said Herb McCormick, a BOC race official in Sydney.
The passion was evident in the bars early on.
But Mr. Rao of the economic research institute says he believes that Prime Minister Rao deserves credit for the steps he has taken.
He described the restaurant, which will have 104 seats and is scheduled to open before the end of June, as a New York-style deli serving corned beef, pastrami, pickles and the like.
It tests her memory, she says.
New York City schools reported a 15.6 percent decline in the overall dropout rate -- to 4.6 percent annually.
Scientists had suspected that the element 110 could exist.
About 65 percent of Nature Food Centers' stores will be converted to the General Nutrition format in the next few months.
Examples: New York to Paris, with 14-day advance purchase, in midweek, $515.
The bridegroom, who was a widower, was married to Bernice R. Feinstein, now deceased.
As usual, John Irving is right on the mark, even when describing fictional characters and their deeds.
Yeltsin's Pledge to Clinton Mr. Yeltsin, in his joint news conference with Mr. Clinton on Friday, said, "As regards reforms, we will be resolute and radical."
There, surrounded by bottles of chocolate, vanilla, strawberry and coffee egg creams, both diet and regular, Mr. Glotzer explained his vision and his mission.
You can't let personalities enter into it.
Now the good news from the Great Quake.
A lie that draws a smile or a truth that draws a tear?"
To illustrate a piece devoted to the nature of language, for example, Mr. Michals shows a man whose head and face are covered with books, engrossed in reading another book.
There's usually this desire to be brooding and cool and hip, and he's just not afraid to show that other side."
Some whimsical golfers have observed that the hardest drive in golf might be the one up Magnolia Lane, approaching the old manor clubhouse at Augusta National Golf Club for the Masters.
Ethan Stiefel, the company's golden boy, was seen for the first time in "Fearful Symmetries" on Saturday afternoon with Yvonne Borree, also making a debut.
In one shift, the Government is to begin making some student loans directly, cutting out banks and other private lenders and their fees.
Chrysler hopes other dealers throughout Japan will do the same.
The thugs were presumed to be so-called attaches, who have been recruited by the armed forces to help in a terror campaign against supporters of the exiled President, the Rev.
Its revised bid was made after the stock market had closed.
The firmness in demand for media time and space is definitely on the uptick."
Soon, he entered that uniquely American state of limbo reserved for post-collegiate track athletes without a sponsor.
"I thought our defense played pretty well," said Jim Jeffcoat, the Cowboys' defensive end.
Truly memorable were the rotelli con peperoncini verdi, wheel-shaped pasta with a sauce of tomato and small green peppers.
PHOTOGRAPHS of the 1930's show the store tenants as the Baldwin Fish Market at 1108 and the Bristol Market -- "Choice Meats" -- at 1110.
They have followed their destinies in a different valley.
All of which again presents the question of being a nice guy.
Several sets of baseball trading cards will be auctioned, including a Cracker Jack near set of three dozen old-timers, including Ty Cobb and Joe Jackson ($50,000 to $60,000) along with a Honus Wagner card ($20,000 to $25,000).
Observers noted that the crowd was much younger, darker and livelier than most at St. John's basketball games, usually dominated by white alumni with tennis manners.
I know Jasper Johns was an immediate success.
Following tonight's tie between the Panthers and the Devils in Miami, the idle Capitals held seventh place with 84 points, the Islanders were eighth with 82 and the Panthers were ninth with 81.
But the United States representative to the United Nations, Madeleine K. Albright, has recently questioned that strategy, saying the Administration wants to link any easing of sanctions to Serbia's cooperation with an investigation into war crimes in the former Yugoslavia and trials of those indicted.
The decision, which is to take effect at the end of the year, brings to an end a venerable publishing institution that has become increasingly marginalized over the years, as the time between a manuscript's submission and publication has shrunk and market considerations have grown ever more important.
Furthermore, the defects of an overly broad Federal repeat-crimes bill could be worsened if Congress, in this same crime legislation, federalizes street crimes long handled by state and local law enforcement.
White House officials said they were also weighing the restoration of a Republican-backed provision to require the public disclosure of where convicted sex offenders live.
But because United States tax law does not permit deductions for contributions to foreign charities, it is difficult for them to have much impact without using United States charities as intermediaries -- complicated and difficult under United States and Russian law.
Topics for a Forum Continuing to discuss new revenues, the County Executive said that if by May 1 he did not have a letter of commitment from the New York Racing Authority to build a teletheater in Westchester, he would recommend that the county become part of the Catskill Off-Track Betting region.
Aside from the direct attacks on the death penalty, the issue has begun to play out in other ways as sniping between Mr. Pataki and Mr. Cuomo begins to escalate.
as among the worst catastrophes in recent experimental history.
A former Foreign Minister, Jozef Moravcik, was chosen by a coalition of five parties today to replace Vladimir Meciar as Prime Minister, a spokesman for the President said.
Henderson's jumper bounced off the rim, but Sean Gipson of the Tigers put it back uncontested and Arkansas fouled underneath.
And it was also no accident that the senior White House aide who joined Hillary and Chelsea Clinton on a pew in the front of the church for the Sunday sermon was Alexis M. Herman, the director of the Office of Public Liaison.
Safer, with a cigarette dangling from his lips, described his early days as a journalist.
Get the town wrong, and it may be more than the system can handle.
I know what the mechanics should look like."
He's a giant who walks the earth very softly."
The new management is going to put money back into the team, but we have to get that money first."
Laure Albin-Guillot Zabriskie Gallery 724 Fifth Avenue (near 57th Street) Through Oct. 15 Well known as a commercial photographer in France in the 1920's and 30's, Laure Albain-Guillot published the first book on advertising photography in that country in 1933.
The Administration is planning to spend nearly as much on defense next year as the rest of the world combined.
"I'm trying to change the physical and spiritual environment of public housing forever.
Most of the gear, including tape recorders for deep-sea cameras, was made in Japan.
FIRSTIER FINANCIAL INC., Omaha, signed a definitive agreement to acquire Cornerstone Bank Group, Council Buffs, Iowa.
Everyone liked him, and that is why they streamed on a wintry night into the Great Hall, where Abraham Lincoln spoke on another wintry night in 1860, three months before he won the Republican nomination for President.
The case is Department of Revenue v. Kurth Ranch, No.
The new chairman of the Scott Paper Company, Albert Dunlap, vowed yesterday to undertake a "total restructuring and downsizing" of the company that would be completed this year, sharply accelerating previous plans.
One case in the headlines concerns retarded boys to whom radioactive calcium was administered in the 1950's.
'Tug of War' Between Aides He said a "tug of war" existed between Rabbi Leib Groner, a secretary to the Rebbe who long controlled access to him, and Rabbi Yehuda Krinsky, another secretary and a spokesman for the Lubavitch worldwide movement.
Many local residents concluded that the passport annex must have been the target of a terrorist attack.
He even stops drinking, for which he has a most un- patriarchal weakness.
Though he has reduced city spending, lowered taxes and proposed an economic plan that would make Jersey City look like one big enterprise zone, he has had little time to make his mark.
Eventually, Jones will be the starter, probably by opening day.
Mr. Handel, 29, is a marketing manager for new products at Merck & Company, the pharmaceuticals manufacturer, in West Point, Pa.
Poor woman, he said, she didn't do anything different from a lot of other people.
Chris Terreri and Sean Burke engaged in a goaltending duel at Civic Center this afternoon in a manner reminiscent of an intrasquad scrimmage when they were fighting for the premier goaltending job on the Devils.
You think it's easy to make a no-brain action movie?
Coming off a 60-victory season, and with Michael Jordan no longer around to protect the Chicago Bulls, the Knicks were expected to rule the Eastern Conference like the neighborhood bully this season.
Shares of Pioneer Hi-Bred International, the largest seed company, rose about two-thirds, to more than $40, before easing to their current $35.50.
Michael Kaufman is right in his June 22 About New York column.
Over the years, he became the first black to hold top marketing positions at United Artists, 20th Century Fox, the Ladd Company, Columbia Pictures, Lorimar Pictures and MGM.
Another man was rescued from the roof of his house by helicopter.
A bluish haze hangs over the Indian capital these blistering days when temperatures hover around 114 degrees and vehicles crawl bumper to bumper in rush hour, emitting diesel fumes, lead, sulphur dioxide and carbon monoxide to make New Delhi's air the most polluted in South Asia and among the worst in the world.
He is a former member of the board of governors of the American Stock Exchange, on which he holds a seat.
French fried onions were especially captivating.
Doomed to servitude by her embittered mother, Tita (Lumi Cavazos) cooks dutifully and wondrously until she falls in love with the ardent Pedro (Marco Leonardi) and the meals cast spells to the point where one diner retreats to the shower to cool her ardor.
Salts in sweat can aggravate pre-existing problems like eczema, and natural oils released when the body is overheated can promote acne in those predisposed to it.
And certainly, by July -- when I began to, you know, get nervous about it -- I stopped taking his recommendations, because I just couldn't bear the risk anymore.
Looking at their designs today, we don't feel cheated by the fact that the truth they embody is less than all-encompassing.
The show itself has no national pavilions to separate rich, powerful nations from poorer, weaker ones, as at the Venice Biennale.
Searching for a Violence Gene A re-emerging area of study seeks to determine the biology of crime and the role of neurotransmitters in aggressive, antisocial and ultimately violent behavior.
Indeed, one English visitor concluded that the people of Charles County seemed "to live very well, and [ to be ] exceedingly happy."
Dr. Goodwin said he would be vindicated at a full hearing on the charges, which has not yet been scheduled.
Scientist often do not understand the marketing implications of the products they are developing, while marketing may try to force-fit products into established categories and descriptions without thoroughly understanding what makes the product different, better or unique.
But there were problems there, overcrowding and unsanitary conditions.
But shipments of other cargo at all three ports have been falling, and in the last four years, the ports of New Haven and Bridgeport have laid off 100 workers.
No Exact Parallel In a third building, on East 89th Street, he had seen one-month and two-month rent concessions, he said but no other examples of the three-month concession granted to Therese McManus, director of the Mayor's Office of Special Projects, and Mary Kilkenny, the chief of staff to Donna Hanover Giuliani.
The red-coated group meets on Tuesdays and Saturdays to gallop after the foxhounds that chase the foxes "but never catch one," said William Stewart, master of the hunt.
If women are merely "dolls," then it doesn't matter what you do to us -- harass us, beat us, rape us -- we're not real, we're just playthings.
Mohammed al-Jawad, the Saudi Arabian captain, gave a humble assessment of the team's performance: "The weather, the weather, the weather.
Before the complaint and investigation, Stanford had received an indirect cost rate of 70 percent on every Government contract, among the highest of research universities throughout the country.
The Knicks will open the four-of-seven-game National Basketball Association finals Wednesday night at the Summit against the Rockets.
A year later, though, when my baby was flourishing and I seemed to have recovered, my surgeon and I had a little chat.
Bonds, who has 12 hits in his last 23 at-bats, went 2 for 4 and hit his 28th homer of the year.
In a small bowl, combine the fennel seeds, cumin and pepper flakes.
The price cuts coincided with a report by the market research firm Dataquest showing that Compaq's market share in the United States rose to 13.4 percent in the first half of the year, compared with 9.9 percent a year ago.
If we are serious, one thing we should do is speed up preparations for prosecution of the war criminals.
When the artichokes are tender, remove them from the skillet.
Already, Latin music was being played.
A. M. Rosenthal: The worth of Israel.
Diplomats also speculated that talks on Wednesday and Thursday in Spain between the Cuban Foreign Minister and mainstream, anti-Castro Cuban exiles from Miami could pave the way for meetings between Cuban officials and dissidents on the island.
He was the bright spot in a sad summer."
"Corruption is deeply human, let's face it," he said.
Milling on the outskirts of "Mrs. Parker and the Vicious Circle" are actors who often physically resemble their characters and seldom deliver more than a line or two.
She moved up further in various executive marketing positions and today is vice president for corporate affairs for Philip Morris U.S.A.
They vote for the top 10 in the world, with the first choice getting 10 points and the 10th one point.
John Allen, a Baptist minister, spoke of "traditional family values" and told the Congressmen, "The century-old standards of this peaceful community have been challenged by radical forces."'
'Fairly Incredible' In contrast, the Livermore gun fires a small scramjet, developed by Rockwell International in Seal Beach, Calif., sending the 11-pound projectile to a velocity of 9,000 miles an hour.
The Vista will be returning for business at a time of marginal improvement in hotel occupancy in the city.
James Hale, an analyst of fixed- income securities for MMS International, said: "The bond market extended its losses after the data, which was a mixed bag, with the N.A.P.M.
The Massachusetts experience is a case in point.
In addition, the median family income was $37,232 in the third quarter of 1993, compared with $36,088 a year earlier.
Tight end Pete Metzelaars leads the team in receptions with 68 for 609 yards.
The Question of Balance Mr. Koppell, they say, has hired a number of lawyers backed by political leaders in a way they say Mr. Abrams never did, despite the former Attorney General's considerable talent at self-promotion.
Ryoichi Hayakawa, the prefectural government official in charge of developing the Olympic projects, described the loss as a modest oversight.
Sister Miriam uses various versions of a book called "Adult at the Piano."
The Mavericks need a point guard, and Kidd is rated as the best point guard in the draft.
"She keeps me together," Ms. P. said.
Now, it is New York's turn.
There have also been accusations of sweetheart business deals involving Mr. Arafat's family and immediate entourage.
Congress declined, but in October it gave the information agency the authority to pass regulations.
But Mr. Kunstler and Mr. Kuby's race to the microphones has become almost common practice among defense lawyers in high-profile cases.
"It's about families -- what family is, who you end up with."
Only 73 representatives voted for it; 342, including Mr. Gingrich, who will presumably be the next Speaker of the House, voted against the proposal.
Serve crabs on four heated plates.
The chance that the L.G.M.
Bill Clinton has a major credibility problem.
"It was because he was so able to do anything, and because he tried so desperately to please the group, that he was never to amount to anything," she said.
Who knew all this waiting was such giddy fun?
Mr. Giuliani also said the department could take on the role of auditing or reviewing the Police Department's internal affairs division, whose investigations into corruption have been broadly criticized in a preliminary report on Tuesday by a mayoral commission formed in 1991.
He responded to Chicago Stadium booing he believed was directed at him by fixating on Kukoc's failures, at once introducing the destructive issue of race and pushing to a corner a player Pippen needs behind him.
Metzenbaum said he was "fairly sure" he would be able to find legislation he could attach the amendment to next week.
Its low-slung beige brick, undulating for acre after acre over the fairways and greens of the old golf course in Hillside, Ill., makes it seem more like a corporate campus than a suburban high school.
"The American Scene" opens with a call from Thoreau: "I wish to speak for Nature, for absolute freedom and wildness as contrasted with freedom and culture merely civil."
The kiosks allow card buyers to take a basic design and then use a touch-screen computer to enter specific information like names, dates and personalized greetings.
Each business skimmed $2,000 for itself, Mr. Fahy said.
What the problem requires is better police work and a surer method for separating dangerous drivers from their cars.
They have been looking for enemies, finding some, making more.
Nicole Siegel, 5, and Kelsey Siegel, 2, have been invited to 10 birthday parties in the last 6 weeks, Ms. Siegel said.
Several have now been occupied for two years, and by all accounts there have been no major problems.
"We've only got so much money and we've got to set priorities," he said.
One day, a glamorous, young widow (Natasha Richardson) arrives in the village.
The Navy has rejected a request to overturn the 50-year-old courts-martial of 258 black sailors who refused to load ammunition after an explosion killed more than 300 servicemen.
Some of the dollar's gains came amid unconfirmed rumors in the currency market that the Fed was planning to raise short-term rates by half to a full percentage point.
The court decided that both the pedestrian/bicycle pathway condition and the storm drainage dedication had an essential nexus to the development of the proposed site.
The possibility of a large interest rate increase seems minimal, considering that inflation remains muted.
There was the charge that a detective had faked evidence; complaints over the testing for DNA; the appointment of a new (not irrelevantly, black) lawyer to add to what must be the highest-profile, highest-paid criminal defense team in history; the announcement of enormous rewards for evidence that somebody else did it, and, big moment, the accused himself rising to declare his 100 percent innocence, shown and shown again and again on many channels.
Two United States Navy ships and at least two other cargo ships were due in Djibouti on Sunday with about 300 survivors, and officials said some would have to stay at a French army garrison.
"I can't afford to be a partisan guerrilla."
Rabbi Eileen Bogosian is to perform the ceremony at the Habitat Institute for the Environment in Belmont.
He gave a somewhat livelier, better characterized performance of D'Indy's "Schumanniana."
Local 412 in Warren, Mich.
Further, if the Government offers substantial subsidies but does not require employers to buy insurance for workers, it creates a strong incentive for employers to drop coverage they now provide, experts say.
"The first issue that must be resolved is ownership," Mr. Davis said.
"We are gratified that the jury found that Stac had stolen our trade secrets."
The antitrust case, if it had been pursued, could conceivably have led to the breakup of Microsoft, just as the Government broke up the old Bell telephone system more than 10 years ago.
"The TIP" (an acronym for "trends, influences, personalities") is a new twist on "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous," Mr. Hilfiger said, "about musicians' life styles, how their life style influences their dress and how their dress influences their music."
After Mr. Milosevic announced his decision to cut off aid, Dr. Karadzic responded with confidence.
Tonight, Mr. Hosokawa sent another envoy, Tsutomu Hata, the Foreign Minister and Deputy Prime Minister, in hopes that on Thursday he can patch something together.
The name may be deceiving because the Gay Men's Health Crisis helps everybody with AIDS.
He has some of the worst American qualities."
Thus did the eventual nominee use a new marketing tool that seems to be coming into its own this year, in both American politics and commerce.
Over all, the company rebounded strongly from a net loss in the corresponding period last year.
One possibility was to allow Mr. Olmert to escort the President to the Western Wall, sometimes popularly known as the Wailing Wall, and to the Holy Sepulcher church.
Translation: If he isn't great, he's on the way.
Roy E. Innis, a civil rights leader who announced earlier this year that he would challenge Mr. Cuomo, did not file petitions.
A18 TESTIMONY IN TAILHOOK TRIAL Two female guards at the Las Vegas Hilton said they were told to avoid the Tailhook convention because it was dangerous.
Mr. Sacco's version of "The Three B's," incorporating themes from Johann Sebastian, Ludwig and Johannes into the story of "Goldilocks and the Three Bears," will be presented as part of the orchestra's popular Kinder Konzerts in three towns in three days this week.
"Most people thought more should be done to relieve pain," Ms.
God forbid anyone wrote a tome in 1101 saying that the Earth was round."
They appear to be authentic images of the actual ads, supporting the artist's contention that German art and photography from the 1930's is being used by Calvin Klein and many other designers, unwittingly perhaps.
After Abbott threw some pitches to make sure his leg was still in one piece and functioning, Julio Franco swung at the second pitch and hit a fly to deep right field that Paul O'Neill caught.
In addition to teaching musical theater at Oxford University in 1990, he also founded the Young Playwrights Festival in New York and the Dramatists Guild's musical-theater development program.
"We made a mistake, but it was like O.K.
Fast, kinetic shots like these are the cinematic equivalent of junk food, which is not to say that their empty calories are unsatisfying.
One of the most vigorous debates in astrophysics concerns the identification of dark matter.
Falling ice also closed the Outerbridge Crossing from 1:30 to 5:15 P.M.; four of five lanes on the upper level of the Manhattan Bridge, which was reopened by the evening rush and the upper level of the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge.
"I think I'm exercising leadership by requiring the candidate to take positions that will help the people that I have the responsibility of serving," he said on his weekly WABC radio show.
Bill Hogan, who was a Stars and Stripes reporter during World War II and later the cultural editor of The San Francisco Chronicle, said, "Why, we've got Time, Newsweek and other daily newspapers serving the same purposes."
"What if it rains again in October?"
Her husband was injured, they said, when he was hit by the car as he investigated why it was sitting in the family's driveway at one point.
But at his death, which the Medical Examiner's office said was accidental, his weight had risen to 365 pounds.
Also Andy Fitzpatrick, QB, Holy Cross; Mark LaFair, TE, Lehigh; Tom Nash, WR, Colgate; Rich Lemon, RB, Bucknell.
For 35 years, until his retirement in 1973, he was the secretary of the Cavendish Club in Manhattan, presiding over the affairs of the world's most famous bridge club with great efficiency.
Representative Dan Glickman, Democrat of Kansas, and Representative Benjamin Gilman, Republican of New York, said in separate statements today that Mr. Clinton should seek Congressional approval in addition to the United Nations authorization before committing American forces to Haiti.
"It brings the targeting ability of direct mail to television," said Robert Townsend, head of interactive media at the center.
Like most jokes, Black Velvet Flag gets less and less funny with each telling.
Mr. Brett is using the usury argument as a defense in the Morin case where he is representing the shareholder.
Coffee futures prices rose in volatile trading yesterday after the Brazilian Government reported worse damage from two recent freezes than traders had expected.
The trade-off between income inequality and technology was described today by Paul Krugman, a Stanford University economist.
Her mother, Chantal Diegel, is an interpreter specializing in English, German and French.
Vacation home prices on some islands have fallen by 20 percent or more in the last two years, he said, and the market is particularly soft in Jamaica because of a currency devaluation and crime concerns.
"If Fogel's stately Mercedes had been equipped with a button that annihilated other vehicles," Mr. Updike writes, "he would have used it three or four times a mile."
In "A Real Life," one of the strongest tales in this sparkling new collection by Alice Munro, we are introduced to a woman named Dorrie, a woman whose life in the Ontario countryside seems completely set, frozen in ritual and routine.
merger in February, there's not as much fear of being overpowered by that mighty rival.
The hiring of black athletic administrators by the nation's colleges has grown but still has far to go to achieve racial parity.
"If anybody disturbed my bones," she said, "I'd haunt them."
They have signed only one from another team -- Derek Kennard, a journeyman offensive guard.
Bono, 31, backed up Montana and STEVE YOUNG with the 49ers.
Nearing the penalty area on the right side, still about 25 yards out, Amin looked up -- he later said he had been thinking about passing -- and suddenly lashed a shot that seemed to be sailing toward the far side, almost like a cross.
We were going in so many directions at once as we came to know each other.
Jagr broke a 1-1 tie with his 19th of the season at 13:39 of the first period after two defensemen, Murphy of the Penguins and Driver of the Devils, exchanged goals.
b-Included a $ 32.1 million gain on the sale of subsidiary stock and a $ 28.6 million charge from a change in the method of accounting for postretirement benefits.Year-ago share earnings are pro forma.
spokesman, said at the auto show: "Clearly, the consumer is going to decide what the future of the Impact is.
Fancy Negotiating Last season, Esiason was involved in a free-agency debacle that could have torn the Jets' locker room apart.
They even look for bright spots shining through the disaster.
Besides, some officials argue, there is a practical consideration: settlements, whether ideologically good or bad, are an Israeli bargaining chip in the negotiations.
The small village next to Sag Harbor is overrun with deer.
But Penn State wasn't going anywhere.
Ryan Bowker recited sections of the poem effectively in English.
More than 60 defendants had been sued in a securities fraud case, generating a million documents.
Every plan before the Congress proposes to slow the growth of Medicare.
The stock of General Datacomm Industries' fell yesterday after the company predicted a first-quarter loss because of lower revenues.
The All-Star Game Tuesday night from Pittsburgh barely indicated the hardships, or challenges, that The Baseball Network (TBN) will face starting tomorrow night.
Another curiosity about this impatiens is the length of the floral spur.
He authorized the sale of a $15 fitness video he finished two weeks before the murders and, in a capital offense against musical taste, took to singing "Memory" in the courtroom.
"I announced it to a group of association representatives, and they gave me a standing ovation," Mr. Morello said.
Clearly, there is as much room for vision in the framing of public policy as in the design of a facade.
Is car size related to height, or income?
In the ski areas of Kvitfjell and Hafjell, men and women will compete to the sound of cowbells clanging in five different events: slalom, giant slalom, downhill, Super-G and combined.
Under Lithuanian law, referendum results are binding.
In their efforts to cope, the Joseys have found some rewards.
By contrast, this Administration's concern now seems to be to avoid getting run over.
A more satisfying public judgment will result if the public can see and hear what the jury sees and hears.
Do that and they will reap the ultimate benefits of what they managed to avoid yesterday.
Morgan Stanley's earnings dropped 41 percent in its first quarter, but its stock surged on the news.
The machine synchronizes its work, so it pumps only when the heart is resting between beats.
When the recession hit, we lost jobs at a faster rate than the rest of the country.
The medley-relay team -- Jeff Rouse on backstroke, Eric Wunderlich on breaststroke, Mark Henderson on butterfly and the Gary Hall Jr. on freestyle -- led from start to finish tonight.
Andrews (D) Yea Yea 2.
This will be the sixth trip to France for Nicholas Dumont, a cellist whose mother, Annie Desbois, is French.
It ended at well past everyone's bedtime.
Before checking out, patients are asked to fill out satisfaction report cards, which hospitals then use to improve services and sell themselves to insurers, employers and the community.
Add onion, peppers and celery, lower the heat slightly and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 15 minutes.
Nelson A. Rockefeller and Senator Robert F. Kennedy among his political patients, but he was primarily known for his work among people in the entertainment industry, especially in New York.
In addition to having their faces painted to resemble animals, and listening to Indian stories, children can handle local sea creatures in a 2,400-gallon tank; at 2 P.M. children in costume will march in a "Parade of the Animals."
During the Soviet years, the Russian people continued to consume enormous quantities of "champagne," most of it made in Soviet Georgia and Ukraine, with imports from Hungary and other Soviet satellites.
For 44 years, Mrs. Maass has collected letters from First Ladies, but she has yet to acquire one from Mrs. Clinton.
The workers were locked out after they refused to give up paid health insurance, some paid time off and part of their tips.
The not-so-subliminal message of the ad for the Russian Credit Bank is tradition, heritage and continuity through the ages.
3d, of Washington; a daughter, Susan Lavoie of Ortonville, Mich., and two granddaughters.
The code specifically prohibits certain conduct and also requires reporting of personal securities transactions.
18 Months for Approval He said he has pressured the school's department heads to hire more full-time black professors -- there are 6 on campus while 15 other minority faculty members hold dual jobs as teachers and counselors -- but that little progress had been made.
"It's a lot of responsibility.
Since its inception, the club has developed into even more of a bargain.
So far, the closest the Government has come to proving its assertion that the Zapatista army is led in part by what it called Salvadoran and Guatemalan "professionals in violence" has been the military's report that a Guatemalan was among the 34 rebels reported captured.
Combine 3 tablespoons of the soy sauce and the mustard in a small bowl.
Flagstar said it would cut 120 jobs at its headquarters here and the rest from operations across the country.
Integrated Health Services, based in Owings Mills, Md., expects to get more than half its profits from subacute care this year.
"If confirmed, then they would be a source of concern."
I think she was jogging with another girl on Bleecker Street.
'A Good Core' "We will leave no stone unturned to make this team better," Riley said.
Most obvious, particularly along the city's Main Street business district, is the influence of its immigrants from the Caribbean.
"We found a letter which brings into question whether the defendant is competent to proceed," said John Finnegan, an assistant United States Attorney.
Others in attendance said the slur was repeated by John Workland, an official of the Hotel and Restaurant Workers Union.
Calling New York's $20.4 billion a year Medicaid program for the poor the "single largest fiscal and social challenge facing state government," Governor-elect George E. Pataki yesterday appointed his incoming Lieutenant Governor, Elizabeth P. McCaughey, to head a 20-member task force to study the problem.
Schumacher, who leads DAMON HILL of Britain by 21 points in the overall standing, finished first in last month's Belgian Grand Prix, but was disqualified after inspectors found a wooden plank under his car.
Teams have tried to keep the Giants' running game under control and make Brown beat them.
There was nothing more to do for them."
Million Units a Year At the New York Blood Center in Manhattan, the parent organization for Hudson Valley Blood Services, Andrea Smith, a spokeswoman, said that in the region there was a two-and-a-half-day supply of blood, or about 4,500 units.
He could never have expected that he would be undefeated again at this point in his second year, that he would be seriously talking national championship, despite the fact his team will be prevented by N.C.A.A.
With the details of plea bargain spilling out in recent days, the hearing today had been drained of drama until Mr. Ames stood and matter-of-factly read his statement.
Less than a mile beyond Swans Island Village, Hochamock Head Light is surrounded by grassy slopes falling away to jagged rocks where, depending upon the mood of the sea, the waves lap gently or crash dramatically.
Clearly Janus has walked a different path than most mutual fund companies.
"We feel delighted to be accepted as their equal," said Sachiyo Tateno, a spokeswoman for the Automotive Components Group.
It was not a grumble or a rebuke.
's is whatever that company offers you."
He retired from Parliament when general elections were held in July 1993.
A vice president of I.B.M., Robert Timpson, said that the company's program would end in June.
He also wondered how scrapping the post-season would affect the sport.
"When I was growing up," Mr. Marzovilla says, "all life revolved around the table."
He insisted he was right and our conversation began to sound like one of those increasingly incoherent exchanges in a Martin Scorsese movie: What?
The investigation of Prudential Securities intensified as subpoenas were said to have been delivered for the first time to current and former executives of the firm.
"At Harlem Hospital, they want to eliminate beds and people, but their attitude is not to cooperate and work with us," Mr. Hill said.
But under the Fifth Circuit's analysis, it is not clear whether the amendment would suffice to make the law constitutional.
I never discovered what the "maples" were meant to be, but the delicate buttermilk mousse came mounded in a crisp, lacy basket-shaped wafer surrounded by fresh blood orange sections in a tart orange sauce.
Dole: "Don't try pulling anything on me, Buster, or I'll have you filibustered into the next Congress."
His recollections can be found in "Los Escritores Indigenas Actuales" (not available in translation), an anthology of writings in indigenous languages edited by the writer Carlos Montemayor.
The north insists that the sites are military locations with no relevance to its nuclear program.
As the sequel showed, a heart would have been better.
Moreover, concern for just one battlefield is misplaced.
As for maneuvering around the cap -- a tactic N.B.A.
"You always have these judgment calls," he told newspaper columnists in a moment of candor, "and only history can render a verdict."
Requirements for free checking: For regular, $2,500 average monthly balance in checking or combined accounts.
The industry doesn't even begin to repay society the cost of the homicides and maimings from too easily obtainable weapons.
"Either you catch the wind or you have to paddle very hard."
When a rifle is mysteriously delivered in a flower carton, she dreams of an urban uprising and having a little house in the country.
The Westchester council must raise funds to match a $250,000 grant from the state council for the three-year program.
Over several years it paid for 14 full- and part-time learning specialists in Dalton's kindergarten-to-third-grade school, a big remedial staff for a primary school with 20 head teachers and 400 children.
"Mickey Mouse and Snow White are, in a sense, the Disney brand," Mr. Verklin said.
Today, studying three-inch-high "tetra" headlines at a newsstand here, Regina Carvalho, an elementary school teacher, said, "Of course, the tetra is going to raise people's morale, give them more faith, more confidence."
"But there were also covert people.
He broke 48 seconds six times, and his 47.70 at Linz, Austria, on July 4, is the fastest time in the world this year.
He said that the United States and Colombia had been involved in military cooperation projects since the signing of a military cooperation treaty in 1952 and that Colombia could not renege on international agreements.
That was won by Brazil, 4-1, in Mexico, the last of Brazil's three championships.
But there are other options.
Without a Hero Stories By T. Coraghessan Boyle Viking.
"At the end of the day, I think they complement each other," the minority leader said.
Now, a replacement is finally in the works.
An architect specializing in interior spaces, he recently designed an artist's studio in the Catskills.
"The intellectual life here is more exciting than in California," said Robert Stein, who started Voyager a decade ago.
's political fund had spent about $30,000 to defeat him, including $14,000 in last-minute radio advertising over a Phildelphia station.
In an interview in the organization's one-room office over Zeke's Auto Supply, he said, "I think we have a responsibility to Hispanic and Indian cultures as well as the cadre of European and Anglo writers that love Taos, too."
The best-laid plans often go splat, of course, so who knows where these three stocks, or the two rival Top 10 lists, may be next July.
Defense efforts to portray the gunfight at the cult's compound outside Waco, Tex., as an act of self-defense against a law-enforcement agency that was out of control were countered by agents of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms who uniformly talked of being "ambushed."
He worked hard, was good-natured, and became a master of his business.
The European economies, by contrast, are just climbing from the doldrums and could easily slip back.
It started service on June 3 with two round trips per week.
It's getting closer and closer to the regular season.
The owners are expected to discuss that subject and the start of the season at a Board of Governors meeting Tuesday in New York.
Passing on these memories to the next generation feeds ethnic animosity but helps keep the group's identity alive.
A new lighting system was donated by Germany's Osram-Siemens company.
While the fiction of James Joyce or D. H. Lawrence tended to become all the more deeply steeped in their Irishness or Englishness the farther from home they went, Stead used her mimic's ability to immerse herself in whatever place she happened to be.
In Ms. Stroh's study, which looked only at men who had been transferred in the past year, to rule out the possibility that dual-career families were penalized because of their reluctance to relocate, both groups had relocated for their jobs an average of four times in their careers.
Suites cost about $120 weekdays; $240 weekends.
But the accolade that seemed to strike closest to home came from his son, Bruce, a Pensacola contractor.
From July of 1993 to July of this year, 200 prostitutes, many of whom were minors, were reported killed or missing in Medellin alone.
Commander Dalgliesh's assistant this time out is Inspector Reckless.
"I don't want to run the Haytaian campaign," the Senator said at one point.
An animated Barbie (who looks a little like those Claymation raisins) makes occasional appearances, but the program is mostly performed by nine prepubescent girls and a grown woman pretending to be 12.
Suspicion is about all that's left in me anymore about the health-care matter.
There was little evidence of open infighting at the convention this weekend, partly because the social conservatives dominated.
Deepening of Political Violence But the price of a boycott could be an intensification of the violence that killed more than 3,000 blacks last year.
Zoeller made a double bogey and Loren Roberts won the tournament.
That work resulted in a quantitative treatment of gas transport in porous media that has come into widespread use in engineering practices.
Chief among those were Proposition 13, passed in 1979, which reduced the average resident's property tax bill by two-thirds, and Proposition 98, passed in 1988, which guarantees the public schools and community colleges 40 percent of state revenue.
Her other books on human relations were "For Human Beings Only" (1964) and "The Back Together Heart" (1966).
On election night, he deflected any questions that strayed beyond his sons, saying, "I'm not very interested anymore in these issues and what happens."
Then, after all that trouble, the pasta is tepid when it arrives.
Silverado Country Club also was the site of his first PGA Tour victory 26 years ago.
He was expelled two years later -- ostensibly for spending more time on socializing than on socialism -- but not before befriending a representative of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, a Marxist Palestinian group.
I could while away the hours Conferrin' with the flowers Consultin' with the rain It cannot be said that E. Y. Harburg was out of touch with his inner child.
A golf course will raise revenue to develop the whole park, yet not interfere with other park areas and uses at all, and will be totally compatible with the environment.
At first Mr. Clark seemed to enjoy all the fuss over his manhood.
There is, for example, a series of free concerts at Federal Hall on Wednesday afternoons, presented by the American Landmark Festivals.
's Division of Market Regulation, which conducted the study.
Same-store sales rose 3.7 percent, marking the seventh consecutive quarter of increases.
Such changes, plus the rivalries among candidates and the extraordinary pressures brought by the uprising in Chiapas, blended to form an atmosphere of uncertainty that made Mexicans feel threatened, whatever their party or view of the future.
Andrew Solomon, however, did his homework and was able to describe the tough issues facing the deaf.
It is inherent in the State Constitution.
An Oregon auto parts company offers employees bonuses for participating in a self-improvement program that includes reading books and watching videos.
Writing about Miranda, he felt inspired, as he had been more than 30 years before, when he was writing "A House for Mr. Biswas," his early masterwork, a richly textured chronicle of a Trinidadian family that resembles his own.
Phil Mickelson, who won the Mercedes Championship on Jan. 9, fared best among the game's big names with a 67.
But Sander's subtly structured book provides a searing, incisive picture of late Weimar culture and society, capturing all the contradictions and tensions that only a few years later would tear it apart.
And why has that recording come from the Lyons Opera, of all faraway places for this most American of American folk operas?
And Mr. Cuomo lost a major fight to repeal the Wicks Law, a 73-year-old law that inflates government construction costs by requiring four separate subcontractors on all public projects.
Viewing hours are noon to 5 P.M. Tuesday, Saturday and Sunday.
The bill is likely to become a battleground between Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, who favors privatization as a cure for many budget problems, and Council Speaker Peter F. Vallone, who has said he wants to influence such efforts.
During her last decade, Mrs. Shouse, who was known to her friends as Kay, suffered from arthritis but remained a familiar figure at Wolf Trap, touring the grounds in a golf cart.
Saturdays, 11 A.M. to 1 P.M. Free.
A Four-Year Conversion So far the new logo has appeared only in advertisements and internal documents and on the stationery at the M.T.A.
It is a prospect Jerry Stackhouse calls "dreadful."
There's so much hatred it scares me."
"But, as far as just strictly entertainment, I think everybody seems to be moving away from that.
Unfortunately, SQL bears only slightly more relation to English than it does to Urdu or Klingon, so non-programmers need not apply.
But since travel is in part about memory, everyone needs some way of capturing and possessing what can never really be brought back.
The potentially conflicting clients cited in the report included Michael L. Tarnopol, a senior executive at the Wall Street firm of Bear, Stearns & Company, and Steven M. Friedman, a general partner in Odyssey Partners L.P., a large money management firm on Wall Street.
"Not if it's the same way they've been using me at the three."
Frito-Lay was not offering a large enough premium, he said, to compensate farmers for the fact that the yields per acre for food corn are lower than for feed corn.
Rather, they called for a sweeping reinterpretation of the Voting Rights Act that would bar Federal judges from examining districting at all.
Despite Mr. Richardson's superb performance, Francis has now been stretched to the breaking point.
Around the world, at least 56 journalists were killed on the job, the committee found.
In neighboring Burundi, which has also been plagued by warfare between Tutsi and Hutu factions, the death of 39-year-old President Cyprien Ntaryamira, its second Hutu leader, sparked no bloodshed.
"I'm so sick of the Paul Bunyan stereotype about these people," Ms. Lake said.
When Mr. Cosenza is working on his sculptures, he doesn't care about sales.
"Look across the park at that white building," he said.
A few are appearing on the op-ed pages of daily newspapers.
He added that the investment contracts they wanted to insure were beyond the expertise of bond insurers.
"Playing against your toughest opponent where the team matches up with your team in all areas -- home or away, it doesn't really matter -- they give you a tough battle from the beginning to the end.
"Gray Matters" (1971) and "Symbiography" (1973) were variations of science fiction.
I never thought the guy had anything, but he had a lot of pitching knowledge.
Tuesday's bankruptcy filing, however, would seem to indicate a company in deep financial trouble.
But it was not until a newspaper forced their hand that the Ashes made the announcement, and had to adjust how they spoke of Arthur's illness to their daughter, then 5.
Procter & Gamble is only one of a growing number of industrial companies that have acknowledged losses due to poor trading moves.
Five hundred guerrillas are reportedly based in Doda, and Indian Army forces are likely to be deployed there over the next days because paramilitary forces and the local police have been unable to tackle the guerrillas.
Kevin W. SigRist, a corporate economist for the Norwest Corporation in Minneapolis, said yesterday's Johnson Redbook sales report for the third week of December showed an increase of 3.3 percent from the previous week.
Sils is Cinderella, giving children rides in her pumpkin coach.
Of the four Frenchmen charged with crimes against humanity, Mr. Touvier was in fact easily the least important.
The two firms were among seven winners selected from 175 entries.
Now, the short vacation was over and the women were taking their impressions home for further consideration.
"The old caricature of a bumbling, almost oafish bunch of blind Communist ideologues is no longer there," one American official said.
He also had 12 rebounds.
Some of these echoes are as familiar as one's first art-history course: a gold relief scabbard cover decorated with battling figures (Greeks versus Scythians) calls forth the majestic tumult of a temple frieze.
American gardeners, however, may not want to follow the lead of Mr. Lloyd, who has set out pots of cannabis on his porch for a decorative effect.
"The last time, we didn't think Theresa would make it," Mrs. Cox said.
For $8 in advance or $10 at the door, ticket buyers can socialize with active and retired N.F.L.
b-Included a restructuring charge of $ 3,294,000, or 32 cents a share.c-Net loss and included an extraordinary charge from the early extinguishment of debt of $ 2,862,000, or 36 cents a share, and a charge from an accounting adjustment of $ 27,200,000, or $ 3.45 a share.Year-ago loss from continuing operations of $ 4,966,000, or 63 cents a share, included a restructuring charge of $ 2.4 million, or 30 cents a share.
In the quartet sections, she overpowered the others, and to no great effect, given her slippery intonation and generally unattractive tone.
"How could they allow themselves to become tools of the Israeli intelligence system," it said, "snuffing out the flame of holy war in our Palestinian lands?"
When informed that forcing women off welfare after a time with no program to guarantee jobs, child care or health insurance would hurt children, Mr. Gingrich proposed orphanages and group homes.
He took over a sport that was finally making its move from a musty Northern-tier curiosity into a North American craze.
There he became senior lecturer in philosophy at Canterbury College in Christchurch.
"She called Nancy Jaax and they hit it off right away.
They went on to win the title along with some relatives: Mitchell Pollenz and Ralph Pollenz, both of Wantagh, L.I., and Emmett Pollenz of East Meadow L.I.
They have lost four of their last six games, and after Tuesday night's 103-83 loss to the Nets in the Meadowlands -- the third without a victory this season against New Jersey -- the Knicks had questions to which there were no simple answers.
The Rangers have a 1-9 record against Seattle, 3-7 against Oakland, 4-6 against California, and they are in first place, ahead of all of those teams.
To the Editor: "The A.M.A.
They are accused of accepting bribes from Mr. McNamara in return for their votes on real-estate projects Mr. McNamara was developing in the town, projects that Mr. McNamara said he paid for with money he stole from G.M.
I don't think you can cite this as a sign that higher prices are likely across the board."
But what was planned as a headline-grabbing ribbon-cutting ceremony last May -- when Queen Elizabeth and President Francois Mitterrand rode trains back and forth to click champagne glasses on both sides -- fizzled because the tunnel was not ready for commercial service.
President Clinton, for his part, has been tapping into the same zeitgeist, presenting himself as an agent of change, just as he did in his Presidential campaign.
He was also a guest lecturer at the Stanford Graduate School of Business in the 1980's.
Coleman Has 14 Rebounds Coleman finished with 18 points and a game-high 14 rebounds, 11 on the defensive boards, taking advantage of many of those 44 missed shots by Indiana and helping to turn them into Nets scoring opportunities.
Ms. Rudolph has been a reporter and anchorwoman for WCBS-TV in New York.
But they also note that domestic violence officers receive only one day of special training and that the regular patrol officers who respond to the 911 calls may lack the sensitivity to handle such cases and do not always follow orders and make arrests.
And the best answer is free markets -- more specifically, the way markets divide the economic pie.
In England, a scandal has been simmering for four years, and it's not unusual to pick up a British newspaper and see headlines about "COPY CHEATS!"
"He and I argued about it in his office before I quit, and he just said that he didn't need the utility issue anymore.
The dealer snapped up the blue abstract image of Diana for $1.5 million, right in the middle of its estimate, $1.2 million to $1.6 million.
The printer is aimed at midsize companies and departments within big corporations, and can be used for business presentations, marketing and sales materials, proposals and other documents that combine text, graphics and photographs.
At the news conference held two weeks ago announcing the World Tour, I asked one official how many American players from the top 30 in the Sony Ranking -- the list from which the World Tour hopes to draw its fields -- were prepared to sign on with the tour.
hangar, men who used to talk about rushing yardage and batting averages on coffee breaks.
"We think they're jumping the gun a bit," said Doug Sprang, general manager of 3Com's network adaptor division, noting that the Fast Ethernet standard would not be made final until later this year.
San Francisco 49ers Unsure of landing Deion Sanders, the 49ers signed the free-agent cornerback Toi Cook in a move that added depth and experience to their secondary.
The merger agreement expires on Sept. 30.
She is a fine art appraiser in Durham, N.C., and a scholar-in-residence at Duke University.
Jason Schneider threw three touchdown passes as FAIRLEIGH DICKINSON-MADISON routed DELAWARE VALLEY, 36-6. .
What they say makes up a large part of this summer's not-so-easy listening.
Consumer credit shot up 11.1 percent in March, the biggest jump in three months.
In addition to putting L&F up for sale, the company reached an agreement in late June to sell its prescription drug business to the French company Sanofi S.A. for $1.68 billion.
How does the association feel about that?
Population May Stabilize The Krome Detention Center has 250 beds and can accommodate an additional 750 refugees in tents.
That is a key reason why, even though the area is traversed by a dense web of train and subway lines, they are often overburdened.
"I wanted to do something relevant.
The expectation of cure has led to an explosion of invasive, expensive and often risky interventions that have at best marginal effects on survival.
Recalled Makoto Suzuki, pitcher, from Jacksonville of the Southern League.
One woman's chain went from lapel to lapel, and the other's, worn as a necklace, looped down the front of the jacket and back up into a breast pocket, replacing the traditional brooch.
To those who might argue that Cobb was merely a great place hitter in the dead ball era and that the glory of Babe Ruth casts him into the shade, the author points to a series of games in May 1925 in which Cobb deliberately hit for distance and had 9 consecutive hits, went 6 for 6 in a single game and hit 5 home runs and got 25 total bases in two successive games, a record for power that still stands.
The trials, sponsored by drug companies, were halted in April because of an unexpectedly high risk of paralyzing and fatal strokes, but doctors are to be publicly warned of the danger only on Monday.
Because a social worker recommended Tony as a youth who recognized that he had made a mistake and wanted to change, he was accepted into the Youth Advocacy Project, a private organization in Manhattan supported by grants and government funds.
To the Editor: William Safire, in " 'Like a Battered Husband' " (column, June 20) is right when he state that "responsibility rests .
He's just got to keep playing hard."
THOSE WILY VENDORS: Book vendors forced off the Avenue of the Americas a few weeks ago have moved around the corner to Greenwich, where wide sidewalks make them "perfectly legal," says Sgt.
They merely jazz up its appearance.
The rest will help improve the liquidity of the fund.
3F, New York, NY 10002.
The center was unable to prove or disprove the state's allegations because the conduct was so old, he said.
Ask her how you can help.
He attempts some spin control and manages to keep the police off his back for the time being.
If a parent is an alcoholic, they prod him or her toward Alcoholics Anonymous.
And critics scoff at a pledge of a percentage of profits by a company that has yet to turn an annual profit.
HALTS PERSIAN GULF BUILDUP With the confrontation with Iraq receding, the U.S. said that its military buildup in the Persian Gulf would stop at about 13,000 troops, 275 aircraft and one aircraft carrier group.
Close cooperation and communication with his senior commanders is important for Mr. Perry.
Finally, the defensive coordinator, Greg Robinson, led Hasty away.
But it is those discussions that many claim to be the most critical service the expediters perform, since they relieve licensed architects and engineers of the need to spend hours or days waiting for appointments with department inspectors.
There will also be stepped-up monitoring of deliveries by supervisors, he said.
Rodney dipped his shoulder on me one time.
Fax machines, for example, are supposed to be a replacement for mail.
Her love of Egypt inspired her, among other things, to bring the Cairo Trilogy, "Palace Walk," "Palace of Desire" and "Sugar Street" by Naguib Mahfouz, the Nobel Prize winner from Egypt, to Doubleday, where they were published in translation.
Her father is an education consultant for the Macomb Intermediate School District in Mount Clemens.
Today, 10:30 A.M., "Hosanna to the Son of David" by Orlando Gibbons, "O Vos Omnes" by Tomas Luis de Victoria, Bach's chorale prelude on "Valet Will Ich Dir Geben."
"Negative," in this usage, really means a story that drives down poll ratings.
What I knew was murder."
Studies of London in the first half of the 14th century determined a homicide rate of 36 to 52 per 100,000 people per year.
Isabelle Strauss, the Lehrers' lawyer, expressed regret that the court declined to hear the appeal because, she said, the vicious-dog law had been misapplied in Taro's case.
Since the purpose of states (at least in the view of military historians) is to fight each other, states that cannot do so must sooner or later yield to organizations that will, like sects, tribes or cults.
He is accompanied by four aides who, in a demonstration of China's paranoia over human rights, carry two tape recorders that capture his every word.
Neither the United States nor France nor Britain enjoys telecommunications privacy.
options let you choose your own font, or to match the document's fonts as closely as possible, and whether to retain the original's columns and other formatting.
Local bicycle shops can expect revenues from the laws too.
In Salisbury, a sponsorship arrangment between the cathedral and McDonald's foundered, after critics objected to a plan in which visitors to the cathedral who offered the equivalent of a $2 donation would receive miniature scrolls detailing its history and a coupon for a free Big Mac.
And she bore bruises and lacerations on her head from a struggle with the victim, whose fingernails had been broken trying to ward off his attacker.
He was later dismissed anyway for other reasons.
I don't think it's fair, so I pulled back the sheets then and I did it."
More difficult issues affecting settlements, territorial definitions and the international political status of the Palestinian area were deferred for later discussion.
"Stephane a lot of times just speaks his mind.
A18 QUAKE POSITS NEW DANGERS In the wake of the Los Angeles earthquake, structural engineers may be shifting their focus from the dangers of unreinforced masonry buildings to those of wood-frame structures with first-floor garages.
SLAP SHOTS The National Hockey League fined MARIO LEMIEUX $500, the maximum allowed under an agreement with the players' union, as a result of an incident with Referee KERRY FRASER against Tampa Bay on Monday night.
Both the album and the single were among the records with the greatest gains in sales.
During training camp in 1991, he left the team to deal with a family crisis.
"King of Fools," on the other hand, is downright weird -- a vertical pairing of grotesque red heads both with protuberant yellow eyes and one sticking out a tongue that is coated with glitter.
Her husband, Willard, who is retired from the Air Force, has a technique for loading the refrigerator onto the truck, single-handedly, by using a blanket.
Neturei Karta believes that Jewish exile from the land of Israel was ordained by God and can only be ended with the coming of the Messiah.
The prospectus, he said, will "show no prospective investor that the manager of this mutual fund experienced a loss, had this bad performance and had it covered up by the funds advanced by the sponsor."
Allen's numbers took a nose dive.
An entourage escorted us to our new digs.
This, in turn, could feed inflation.
The museum works closely with the school, which draws students of diverse racial and ethnic backgrounds from throughout southeastern Connecticut.
This is the new quarters of Bartfields, where the rich cherrywood cases are filled with the kind of handstitched, gold-embossed, leatherbound volumes of literature and history that they don't make any more.
He said he had an upset stomach after the game and refused to talk about his big performance.
In the 1980's, each built up its trading capabilities.
"I'm not surprised," Donald Fehr, the players' union chief, said by telephone from New York, commenting on the failure to name a new commissioner.
The bride's mother is a chairwoman emeritus of the organization, and the bride is the president of the business and professional division of its New York chapter.
After she had sold all but her five favorite books, she went to the Strand, bought more, and sold them at a profit.
Gaze, who had 31 points in Australia's opening victory over South Korea, was 7 for 11 from the field and a perfect 15 for 15 from the free-throw line.
"There may be a few more of them, but they are still crumbs."
"It'll help me," Harper said.
The accounts also signal that Mr. Rostenkowski will offer a detailed factual defense and that the trial will be a knock-down battle whose outcome may hinge on whose witnesses are more credible.
His return to Lagos was delayed by a strike by air traffic controllers, who joined hundreds of thousands of others who have stopped working to demand Mr. Abiola's release.
But then came Tuesday morning's Federal Communications Commission meeting, when the agency adopted rules to cut cable television prices by 7 percent.
Place the scallops on top of the noodles and sprinkle with coriander.
And whisky barrels, sold at most garden centers, continue to be the containers of choice for those with limited space, she said.
The yield on the 30-year Treasury bond jumped to as much as 7.327 percent, before settling at 7.24 percent.
"D. C. is always watching the other offensive players.
Not a single public monument stands in Mexico to Hernan Cortes, who conquered the country for Spain.
Baron Philippe was the owner of Chateau Mouton-Rothschild, one of the most famous wine properties in France, at Pauillac, near Bordeaux.
After an embarrassed silence the session resumed, concerned entirely with the inside baseball of the Arab-Israeli peace process.
By development, in this context, we mean 'capitalist development.'
An Early Hole His receivers wouldn't dare knock his performance, especially given the circumstances with which he was faced, a 21-3 hole early in the first half.
"We will implement the plan, and the private sector will be responsible for maintenance."
A Bronx teen-ager was killed by one of the shots fired through the window of a Chinese restaurant a block from his home, the police said.
"There is some significance," Mr. Gehry said yesterday, "that a world that would normally be dealing with other heroes would pick somebody from our discipline, architecture.
THE CURSE OF ROCKY COLAVITO: A Loving Look at a Thirty-Year Slump.
The two were staying in an aerie in Museum Tower, adjacent to the Museum of Modern Art, with windows offering a bird's-eye view of midtown, a pied-a-terre that is owned by fellow Texans who are generous about lending it to their friends.
As a last perplexing wrinkle, G.M., like the other auto makers, calculates its price increases on a "comparably equipped" basis.
But investigators now believe he had a far darker side, one that drew him to money and may have led him to carry out murder.
He didn't wear clothing; he wore costumes set off by lacquered hair and makeup.
Dr. Laurel Rene Anderson, thedaughter of Theodore Anderson of Long Barn, Calif., and Norma Anderson of Uniondale, L.I., was married yesterday to Dr. Vernon Lee Cowell Jr., a son of Mr. and Mrs. Cowell Sr. of Reading, Pa.
But he said he was optimistic of success.
The school, which is part of Westchester Community College, will lease 10,000 square feet on the ground floor of a downtown building that once housed a Woolworth's.
"If DDB Needham has 1,200 clients," Mr. Reinhard said, "you could end up with 1,200 configurations."
"And he will get small businesses to this city."
The bidding has apparently been narrowed to five prospective buyers for Madison Square Garden, the New York Knicks and New York Rangers sports teams and the MSG cable television network, two New York business executives familiar with some aspects of the sale said yesterday.
a Reuters reporter heard an Israeli official ask a Jordanian counterpart.
(AP) GOLF Azinger Drops Out Brian Kamm and Sean Murphy shot 64's to share the lead, but two bigger names were in the spotlight in the first round of the 5-day, 90-hole Las Vegas Invitational over three courses.
"Given that storage is perhaps the largest obstacle for the schools to overcome, if Mayor Giuliani's budget proposal ever takes effect, it would seriously undermine the Board of Education's plans," Mr. Green said.
The Clinton Administration says that only 1.2 percent of the country's taxpayers are in the two new brackets.
Ms. Burstyn's gum-chewing, brittle portrayal of an aging tart, now a cabdriver, is a chilling triumph.
"You have to psych yourself up to do something like this," said one, Greg Melyon, 33, from Gary, adding, "The emotional aspects have to be dealt with later, but right now you have to do the job."
Balanchine's response to the music's Hungarian Gypsy motifs, however, is a Neo-Classical commentary on Brahms's own treatment of folk tunes and Schoenberg's bombastic orchestration of Brahms's score.
"It's worse if you have to keep playing the same team over and over and losing," Brett said.
But Mrs. Johnson pays only $10 a visit when she sees her obstetrician-gynecologist or takes her daughter to a pediatrician, both of whom are in a United Healthcare Corporation H.M.O.
There has been, and I hope those negotiations will succeed.
Softer, easier to sprawl in.
But it has also provoked growing opposition.
Mayor Timothy C. Idoni said he was pleased by Mr. Trump's readiness to negotiate with a variety of groups and avoid the bitter fights that characterized the last attempt to develop Davids Island.
"Any time that you move a flight track in this area, it has a cause and effect," Bill Jeffers, a senior F.A.A.
Novacek made sure there weren't a whole lot of them.
What can be done to remove such a dangerous tenant?
What Mr. Gramm does not say is that his tax cuts would be spread widely but his spending cuts would pummel the needy.
But he's got to take the middle again and he's got to get to the middle fast.
Like the Knicks, Seattle has a roster loaded with talented and versatile players, allowing Coach George Karl to rotate nine players without hesitation.
The gallery -- which is really an exhibition case -- was unveiled before Thursday's concert, with a display, appropriately, of Walter memorabilia.
More Enrollments "With the family-planning programs, the implicit message to women all over the country was: if you have fewer children, you can do more with your life," said Ms. de Alonso, the sociologist.
"This is just the beginning.
The murmurs were on the order of "Ugh, Arpino's going to ruin the Joffrey," Mr. Arpino said.
Many newly legal residents brought their spouses and children with them and moved to cities in California.
Before Mr. Kantor's statement, the dollar had reached an intraday high of 106.60 yen, spurred in part by the Federal Reserve Board's report that industrial output rose four-tenths of 1 percent in February, higher than expected.
"No one in this country has been able to predict medical cost changes within any reasonable range of error," said Bruce Kelley, a principal at William M. Mercer Inc., the benefits consultants.
The three United States defense syndicates, which usually find themselves in the middle of such shoreside frays, are keeping a fairly low profile.
In February, they opened an office in Cortlandt Manor to serve small- and medium-size businesses in Westchester and Connecticut.
Law enforcement officials say they are worried about links between the Mohawk Warrior Society, a group of militant and often armed supporters of Mohawk sovereignty, and Mafia groups, Chinese triads and biker gangs that control cheap cigarette distribution in big Canadian cities.
The Naked Truth By Paul Rudnick; directed by Christopher Ashley; setting by James Youmans; lighting by Donald Holder; costumes by David Woolard; sound by Mark Bennett; projections by Wendall K. Harrington; wigs and hair by David H. Lawrence.
They were still dating at last report.
The curtain of glue-skin hands would have recalled the huge horsehair mat of "Tropos," with its morbid associations of the human hair accumulated in Nazi death camps.
Mr. Gingrich would respond only to questions about the changeover and the new committee on the family, leaving unanswered scores of inquiries about just how he expected to implement the sweeping change he has outlined, especially in an institution known for its resistance to change.
Showalter would not reveal whether the lineup switch was permanent, but it seemed apparent from Mattingly's words that it was.
If writers address the subject at all, it is usually only once they are themselves older.
"It's devastating," said Mrs. Surles, standing on a balcony at her parents' apartment.
He retired after a year, giving his age -- 75 at the time -- as a reason.
Farther along, the trail crosses Goose Pond, a shallow brackish extension of the marsh favored by visiting shore birds, especially at high tide.
I could write from home when I wanted, and besides, I was looking forward to sharing those precious firsts of her new life: first steps, first swims, first words.
"He could still be operating, simply by mutating new pseudonyms," said Mr. Bowers, who says he can no longer read "R.S.V.P."
"We see this as an important promotional element to our economic development program," said Michael Bourn, executive director of the Amarillo Economic Development Corporation.
We see it among college students who will close ranks around one of their own.
About 1.2 million children are not in school, he said, approaching twice the number of those enrolled.
In March, the police arrested a paroled rapist and charged him with sexually assaulting four young girls and teen-agers in public housing projects in the Lower East Side and East Harlem.
Both were listed in critical condition.
The statement said Seoul and Washington had therefore decided not to carry out the exercises.
"The event shouldn't take place at all," said Allan Hoehl, Assistant Chief of Police, Borough of Manhattan South.
"So the data of this study will guide the practice of health care providers in the future."
It is s on between 5 P.M. and 11 P.M. during the week.
The Franklin Real Estate Fund invests mainly in publicly traded real estate investment trusts, or REIT's, and stocks, bonds and convertible securities of home builders and developers.
And that is a sensitive subject for Canadians, who don't consider hockey simply new arenas with marble corridors and T-shirts with cartoon ducks on them.
"However, there should be zero risk.
On Village Night, Jan. 14, Main Street is closed to traffic and costumed characters wander the village, greeting pedestrians and mingling with clowns, magicians and jugglers.
It's a hit, and it's ghastly.
And when he grudgingly agreed, it was not to seek redemption but to avoid a lengthy sentence.
Newspaper executives attributed the recent declines among the metropolitan papers to several factors, including the baseball strike, which some publishers said decreased circulation by tens of thousands daily.
Lively and coherent, she enters into a three-way conversation with the lawyer and the secretary, who now embody her at 26 and 52.
In 1977, a KLM 747 collided with a Pan Am 747 on the runway in Tenerife, the largest of the Canary Islands, killing 585 people.
That is why cancer patients -- now only 10 percent of those involved in viaticus settlements -- are soon expected to account for most of the business.
Historically, poor people in this country, black and white, have managed to get into college without a basketball scholarship.
Activity is back to pre-boycott levels this year, thanks in large part to a new flexibility in union contracts, where pay scales are lower for low-budget films, and to aggressive solicitude by the Mayor's Office of Film, Theater and Broadcasting.
A woman whose idyllic wedding was followed by a series of murders.
The square's east side is dominated by the twin-towered Cathedral of the Assumption of the Virgin Mary.
Furthermore, realize that the stock market spends a lot of time in retreat; use market slumps to buy rather than sell, he said.
On the other hand, State Labor Department figures suggest that many of the job losses since then have had little to do with the tax structure.
It was sold to the current owners, Manuel and Jose Alejandro, in 1990.
But it saddens me to know that I won't be rooting for Mattingly as he plays his heart out to get into the World Series this fall.
New Districts, New Concerns Other legislatures carved out radically new districts, trying to create new Democratic strongholds, only to find that they had cast incumbents into a sea of new voters who neither knew them nor much liked anybody from Washington.
In recent years, what has become more common than the actual spinoff is the fake spinoff, by which characters are introduced on one show expressly for the purpose of launching a new show.
Operation USA, 8320 Melrose Ave., Los Angeles, Calif. 90069; (213) 658-8876.
There were surprisingly few dull spots given Mr. Rhoden's relative inexperience, though regrettably the dynamic Sarita Allen was wasted in her one appearance, in "The New Piece."
Her salary is about $50,000.
(There are still a few cables in the 777 to provide a physical connection between the pilot's control column and the surfaces, but they are only backups.)
Nazzareno Gabrielli, director of the Vatican's office for scientific research, told a news conference that 17 of the 40 drapes, those done after 1750, were removed.
It was eerie to meet a former Morrisite in Patricia Volk's essay.
Thompson raced in at the crack of the bat, made the catch belt-high and then tumbled to the ground, finally rising triumphantly with the ball in his glove.
Mr. Bennison hired Mr. Salomon as his assistant.
But a banner winter for Akzo, the largest salt mine in North America, has been followed by a nightmarish spring.
She describes how game, from antelope to sage hens, was cooked.
Three plays later, after the game advanced into the fourth quarter, Mason hit Chenoweth with a 12-yard scoring pass.
MCI is investing $1.3 billion in Nextel Communications, a fast-growing competitor to cellular telephone companies.
Saying Philadelphia's election system had collapsed under "a massive scheme" by Democrats to steal a State Senate election in November, a Federal judge today took the rare step of invalidating the vote and ordered the seat filled by the Republican candidate.
A Proposal for Brooklyn A third proposal, less defined, is taking shape under the aegis of Rabbi David Niederman, president of the United Jewish Organizations of Williamsburg, Brooklyn, and a strong Giuliani supporter.
TV Answer Was Wrong It was privately held Eon, then doing business as TV Answer, that largely persuaded the F.C.C.
A new school in the psychology of religion, which bases itself on the so-called attachment theory of psychological maturation, supports my perspective.
She also captured the votes of most black and Hispanic voters.
Bogardus bid $5,750 on the Mount Morris Fire Bell Tower, but it was the engineer Julius B. Kroehl who submitted the winning proposal, at $2,300.
The next full-scale meeting will take place Monday in Toronto.
Across the state line, sentiment is strikingly different.
Despite four turnovers, the Giants looked confident and in shape.
For example, the manipulation of three-dimensional drawings on a computer screen requires a computer to perform many square-root calculations.
And inbreeding is taking a toll because exchanges and purchases have been blocked.
Looking for a Change Bill Bidwill, the Cardinal owner, said all sins will be forgiven if Ryan wins.
PHYSICIAN COMPUTER NETWORK INC., Laurence Harbor, N.J., acquired the physician management unit of Ibax Healthcare Corp., a partnership owned by I.B.M.
To combat that, four years ago she wrote "The Joy of Being Single" (Workman Publishing), a humorous, illustrated book for women without wedding plans.
The report did, however, have some disquieting notes.
Franck's dishes had -- and still have -- a democratic appeal.
The Golden Age in Denmark was the age of Biedermeier, of the embrace of bourgeois domesticity, and these are the sorts of small, genteel, intimate paintings that one can imagine living with: paintings like Bendz's gem of a Danish interior, Lundbye's delicate, creamy little landscape sketches celebrating the Danish countryside and Jensen's portraits, whose subjects all seem to be the kinds of people you know or want to.
To the Editor: In the July 24 interview with Carl Weisbrod, the new president of the Business Improvement District for lower Manhattan ("Trying to Turn Downtown Around,"), the comments and proposals ignore basic issues, particularly the delivery of daily city services to the area.
Some of those pilots flew later that day; none were asked to seek counseling in American Eagle's employee assistance program.
The concept was extended by Bea Traub at Bonwit Teller in the 1960's.
The book, however, is much more than just a catalogue of evil.
On balance, I worried a lot less about fewer real problems when my children wandered Manhattan than when they drove or rode as teen-agers in the suburbs.
But Mladic, watched by reporters and cameramen, entered the bus and cut the detonator wires.
Samuel M. Ehrenhalt, the New York regional commissioner of the Bureau of Labor Statistics, said yesterday that the increase in the actual number of jobs in New York City had brought employment in the city back to about the January level.
Jamesway's second-quarter loss narrowed to $3.6 million, or 26 cents a share, from $9.7 million, or 70 cents, a year ago.
LEGISLATION FAILED Would have legalized casino gambling in the Catskills, on riverboats and at racetracks subject to approval by local voters.
This life of the novelist in whose work architecture serves virtually as a language lays special emphasis on the houses and gardens Wharton inhabited and carefully made her own; copious illustrations.
Cyrix, which never had a second-source agreement, produced its own X86 clone chips without Intel microcode from the start.
But Zsolt is capable of being as mean-spirited as the next person.
That problem is increasingly being addressed by manufacturers who are making smaller, lighter-weight kayaks, some of which fold for easier carrying.
At this, the owner drove home and retrieved some bottles from his private cellar and returned with an armful of choice vintages.
A Francophile, she preferred French painting and master drawings, and she had an informal collection of animal drawings from the 17th century to the present.
"There is no site that more indicates and is more symptomatic of how Mario Cuomo's policies and Mario Cuomo's views are out of touch with the needs and desires of the people of this state," Mr. Pataki said as he stood on the curb outside the three-story shingle house.
Tom Carroll, the executive director of Change New York, said the explanation rings hollow because Mr. Marino has not condemned two other Republican candidates who were co-founders of the group in 1991 and is reportedly considering endorsing one of them, Herbert London.
The series marked the end to Jim Crow housing during spring training.
A1 Business Digest D1 Arts/Entertainment C15-20 What's in the Classical Jazz series.
Three years ago she introduced in England a line of frozen vegetarian entrees: lasagna, pasta, burgers, pot pies, goulash and more.
The Amarone is a dependable, pleasant though light version of the rich red.
Vogue was planning a feature for February on Mr. Tyler and his relationship with Anne Klein.
But, as Senator Moynihan remarked, with the current air-tight spending limits, "We are not a very grown-up government in budgetary matters right now."
4, and several lopsided wheels.
Arguing against relaxation are many families of American M.I.A.
"The first time we came it was 100 degrees and we left during the 14th inning," Mr. Kane said.
"Basically, I am constantly marketing.
No problem," Officer Sanders said.
"In a perfect world, we'd love to come back with new episodes in the spring or summer."
Better Results in 2 Countries Few major world markets showed any gains in the last three months.
For friends and relatives of the slain couple, however, that offers little comfort.
Treatment Slated Father Pipala will serve his sentence at the Federal penitentiary in Butner, N.C., where he will receive psychiatric treatment.
The volume addressed to me turned out to be "Principes de la Litterature," published in 1774 with the "approbation" of the king.
But Bennington's plan, like restructuring plans at other colleges, drew criticism from the American Association of University Professors, which said it was "deeply concerned" about the elimination of presumptive tenure.
Quincy Jones, the music and television producer, announced yesterday that he was teaming up with the talk show host Geraldo Rivera; Willie Davis, the former football star, and the Tribune Company to buy television stations around the country.
He expressed the secret of overcoming adversity in a private note to Ted Kennedy after Chappaquiddick: "A man's not finished when he's defeated; he's finished when he quits."
These students are anything but stereotypical nerds; they bubble with energy, combine brilliance with the true grit necessary to think their way past the failures and obstacles that always accompany research, and cherish the curiosity and sense of wonder that really drive science.
"If I have the opportunity, I will propose next year that our second Excelsior High School serve Long Island," Mr. Cuomo said.
Buffalo fans were ecstatic after the first half ended with their team in the lead and apparently in control.
One of the finest indoor collections ever seen was in a Manhattan apartment, growing in an east-facing window where the plants were kept on a metal tray about three inches deep and filled with clean white pebbles.
Andretti changed out of his gaudy driver's uniform, with all the sponsors' names splashed over it, and without showering he got into shorts and a Texaco shirt and headed off for an air-conditioned suite to watch his son, Michael.
Defense lawyers have long argued that the Government cast its net too wide to bolster its case, and they are likely to whittle the pool of defendants down even further, possibly through plea bargains, before the trial starts.
The members of these groups come in all shapes and sizes and seem united only by their willing suspension of disbelief.
We oppose attempts to enact new death penalties and find that public safety concerns can be fully met with life sentences without parole, as New York's Gov.
In November 1959, Mr. Layton was asked to choreograph the Rodgers and Hammerstein musical "The Sound of Music."
Manager DALLAS GREEN did not start JOSE VIZCAINO and will probably do the same thing on Wednesday.
Brian Noonan had two goals for the Rangers, and the others were scored by Stephane Matteau, Brian Leetch, Greg Gilbert and Mark Messier.
Mr. Buckelew said he had reviewed the security blotter from the days of the convention and found that officers responded appropriately to the few calls they had received.
In 1993, according to the National Gardening Survey, conducted by the Gallup Organization, 68 million American gardeners spent $22 billion on plants and equipment, up $6 billion from 1989.
b-Included a gain of $ 860,000, or 24 cents a share, on the disposition of machinery in the Chino, Calif., plant.
IN this age of relentless exercise, it was inevitable: strollers serving as equipment for working out.
The transaction's value would be based on the average closing price of Salem stock in the 30 trading days preceding receipt of the proposal.
The Administration had initially added Belarus to Mr. Clinton's itinerary partly as a gesture of thanks for its decision to relinquish its nuclear weapons, but more importantly as an object lesson for Ukraine, which until Mr. Clinton's visit had refused to do so.
And on Tuesday, in fact, hall lights were down, white flags were hung on the stage, everything was miked and the first violinist, Alexander Balanescu, introduced selections pop style by promoting the group's latest CD.
"I don't approve of the schools teaching morals," she said.
"In the high winds and terrific rain," he said in an interview, "you can hardly see."
It's overkill at its worst and it can lead to baseball at its worst for a too generous pitching staff, as the Yankees found out yesterday.
In addition to Czudaj, the six-time world champion Wolfgang Hoppe has admitted that he served the Stasi.
"LaTanya -- you know that is an African-American name right away.
The bottom-handers, like the Blue Jays and White Sox, believe the bat is pulled through the strike zone by the bottom hand.
He scored touchdowns in three of the team's first four games.
Aleksei Kovalev, who had been a major force in the first seven games, was on the ice for two Washington goals at even strength and was benched for long stretches by Keenan.
Chinese officials have indicated that they would like to move in that direction, but that it is difficult until the nation fully eliminates currency controls.
But oddly, all of these eulogies either ignored, or mentioned only in passing, what may have been one of the most enduring of Mr. Nixon's foreign policy initiatives: his decision in 1971 to take the dollar off the gold standard and demolish the Bretton Woods monetary system -- bidding both farewell with that memorable line about the Italian currency: "I don't give a (bleep) about the lira."
Mr. Shackley comes across as driven and emotionless.
VaverfrontTechnologies Inc., Santa Barbara, Calif., 2.3 million shares.
The small Connecticut tribe wants to share the riches from its giant Foxwood casino and bingo complex, Richard Hayward, chairman of the Pequot Tribal Council, said today.
Montana nodded, stopped, took the football, autographed it with a black felt pen, handed it to the boy, 11-year-old Jayson Klein of East Amherst, N.Y., and walked back into the trainer's room.
Perhaps the most surprising opposition to the new plan comes from advocates of traditional family planning programs that have helped to reduce birth rates in developing countries by about a third since the 1960's.
Having given the girl a classical education and changed her name to Charlotte, Leonor has aspirations for her child's future, but Ludovico's arrival exceeds her wildest dreams.
"Is it necessarily good for a kid not to be able to know a gang member on her own campus?"
"But he was quite strong about his feeling that we should build something more than a pile of stone."
By Friday night, the deal was hammered out, and Grgurich did take a $22,000 cut in pay.
"Tomatoes, a Country Garden Cookbook" by Jesse Ziff Cool (Collins Publishers, $19.95) is one of a series of elegant single-subject books with romantic photographs of tomatoes and some of the prepared dishes.
This is a helpful nudge."
For a long-term capital gain -- on an investment held at least a year -- the top tax rate is 28 percent.
Mrs. Lee, 28, graduated from Brown University.
The Yankees of the early 60's could club you to death, or subdue you by going first to third on a single.
"This is a technical division," he says.
But it compensates by offering its believers the security of a powerful institution, which is especially comforting for the many rural blacks, like Jan Kolobe, who suddenly find themselves at sea in the teeming, politically fractious urban townships.
For this year alone, some $710 million was initially pledged.
When I was in Gracie Mansion, the kitchen was cozy, but it has been redone and looks like a hospital kitchen.
For the second quarter, which ended on July 30, Woolworth recorded a loss of $42 million, or 32 cents a share, compared with a loss of $10 million, or 8 cents a share, for the corresponding quarter last year.
"The deal will probably not go through until September, rather than the June-July time frame."
'Chronicle' could apply to any war."
"We should at least get our consumers into good habits before they pick up the bad ones."
The reasoning was simple: "Over the next five years, the Government will have $9 trillion to spend," said Representative Newt Gingrich of Georgia, the Republican whip.
Mayors and first selectmen, however, urged the committee to focus on property-tax relief for homeowners.
THE STORE OWNER Jeff Saunders, owner of McCabe's Wines and Spirits at 77th Street and Third Avenue Q.
But, she added, "Both companies are keeping their separate identities."
You always love your child."
Many China analysts point out that the fear of chaos is deep within the Chinese leadership.
Far less empathetic analyses can be overheard in the small talk of residents who frequent Sandton's many California-style shopping malls, where handguns are a steady seller.
A There are no laws explicitly governing the procedures a co-op board must follow in passing upon a prospective buyer of an apartment, said Arthur Weinstein, a Manhattan lawyer and vice president of the Council of New York Cooperatives.
All this adds up to a savings for school districts, since new teachers typically start at salaries of about $30,000, and those ready to retire are earning $50,000 or more, school administrators said.
There were 12 jurors on each panel.
b-After a gain of $ 489,000, or 2 cents a share, from cumulative effect of change in accounting for income taxes.Fiscal 1993's income from continuing operations of $ 44,638,000, or $ 1.39 a share, included pretax charge of $ 3,980,000 on discontinued operations.
Pizza Hut's operating profit dropped 25 percent during the quarter, to $75.8 million, even as sales rose 5 percent, to $1 billion.
According to one story, the merlot grape is the same color as the bird.
This is perhaps not the most practical of plans for parking -- it in essence eliminates overnight parking in the area, except for night owls.
By instituting high minimums, the funds hope to keep expenses low and returns high.
By 1991 there was "Voice Central," which featured excerpts from the works, and works in progress, of three playwrights from New Jersey: William Mastrosimone, Don Evans and Mark St. Germain.
In other words, shareholders who tender their shares before any offer is increased would get the higher amount.
Mr. Georgescu said he wore a bright red tie to the funeral because he wanted to celebrate his colleague's life.
Surprise When He Took the Job It is that history that made Roger Neilson, a former Ranger coach and a good friend of Keenan's, so surprised that Keenan took the job in New York.
That gave the Vikings a first down at the 2.
There's been some confusion about your votes on banning assault weapons.
But first Tom Browning and then Tim Pugh fell injured, and the 25-year-old Schourek was given the assignment.
VERIFONE INC., Redwood City, Calif., a supplier of retail payment systems, announced the production of new software intended to streamline payment transactions in restaurants by automatically verifying and recording credit card transactions.
are to win the hearts and minds of blacks, he must not "punk out early."
His two favorites: Pimco High-Yield Fund and Financial Bond Shares.
The work, a setting of Paul Claudel's poem, was completed in 1936 with a prologue added after World War II.
(The Internet address is "gopher.iia.org" for those with the gopher tool.)
Americans, especially, can see the kinship between Indian war bonnets and the plumed hats of generals even if the author couldn't, or wouldn't.
"I love it there because I can see the ball good there," he said.
"Under the circumstances, these people really want to get back to their communities to do what they were trained to do."
Haiti's 7,000-man military is hardly a formidable opponent.
I would be happier if we knew it was a biped."
There isn't much you can tell from just one day of practice."
Yet my silence was not a passive act.
Dr. Rivest was gripped by an article that had just appeared in an electrical engineering journal, The IEEE Transactions on Information Theory.
It was the look of a man who is locked out of his car, with the motor running and the tank nearly dry.
The applicant would have to show not only that the roof could support more than 50 pounds per square foot, but also that there were two means of egress and that battery-powered lighting was in place to illuminate the required exit signs.
He had been imprisoned since 1986, when he was sentenced for his earlier racketeering conviction.
While third-party candidates have mounted serious challenges for senator and governor in almost two dozen states this year, building an effective third-party apparatus is rare, and Mr. Weicker concedes he has yet to accomplish that in Connecticut.
To the Editor: " 'Pot' Surges Back, but It's, Like, a Whole New World" (The Week in Review, Feb. 6) is at the very least misleading to suggest that today's marijuana is 20 times stronger than the marijuana that was available during the 1960's, and that this is a reason to keep marijuana illegal.
I believe it is illegal to be asked to work and then not get paid."
Francis finally recalls what the French were chanting at the collaboratrice: " 'Ange de la mort,' the voices had said.
Like many designers this season, Saint Laurent used a lot of satin and showed a lot of shorts.
At least they'll have food and water.
FOR more than half a century the 70-acre Ellen Battell Stoeckel estate in Norfolk has been the summer home of the Yale School of Music and its accompanying Norfolk Chamber Music Festival.
The Lansdown Festival Choir will sing carols on Christmas Eve, and on Christmas Day there will be a treasure hunt.
But the Matinecocks are not officially recognized as a tribe and have never gone to court to enforce their other land claims.
She declined to say how much Credit Lyonnais seeks to raise.
Mr. Robertson is is survived by his wife, Julia, and a son, Alan.
In many aspects, the unexpected announcement by Federated Department Stores that it was seeking a merger with its rival, R. H. Macy & Company, bears the hallmarks of a grand merchant, a marketing wizard, a shrewd strategist -- in short, an Allen I. Questrom.
He's got no downside on this."
But a major obstacle to achieving fusion is that this process must join together atoms of isotopes of hydrogen (either deuterium or a mixture of deuterium and tritium -- the same mixture that fuels hydrogen bombs).
Putting it off until after the election would be a devastating mistake."
She left him, found a new boyfriend and landed a job at an automotive glass company that paid $8.50 an hour.
"The mood of the fabrics is right out of the Depression," said Jon Weiser, an owner of New York's Charivari boutiques and designer for his own line, called Artifact.
Higher interest rates tend to benefit the dollar by attracting investors drawn by a higher return on investments denominated in the currency.
"You don't have to change your name to be a Muslim like Muhammad Ali did," Olajuwon said.
Paul Dean Woodring, who wrote about education in the United States and offered suggestions for reforms, died last Saturday at his home in Bellingham, Wash.
The Yankees even handed him the ball with the Orioles closing fast in July.
During the news conference, televised live by ESPN, the now ex-coach and the owner-general manager of the reigning two-time Super Bowl champions even alluded to the financial settlement for the five years remaining on Johnson's contract, although no numbers were divulged.
and A.T.&T., it has to be seen as a prestigious headquarters location for a Manhattan company that wants a high-image buiding in an urban setting."
The Treasury's 30-year bond rose 3/32 of a point, or 94 cents per $1,000 bond, and its yield, which moves in the opposite direction of the price, slipped to 7.67 percent, from 7.68 percent on Tuesday.
Many an aspiring candidate for a U.S.O.C.
Naturally, there are exceptions, says Mr. Bernard, an executive editor at the Book of the Month Club and the author of "Rotten Rejections: A Literary Companion."
In 1961, they established a new Namgyal Monastery in Dharamsala in northern India.
The statement was read by a well-known figure among Protestant paramilitaries, Augustus (Gusty) Spence, who was credited with founding the modern-day Ulster Volunteer Force in the 1960's.
Those over 85 represent the fastest-growing segment of the population.
The Franklin Adjustable U.S. Government Securities Fund, the granddaddy of the group, has whittled its position of 7 percent or so, to 2 percent.
They had stopped to help a driver of a disabled car on the shoulder of Route 80 in Mount Arlington when a motorist, James Gregor, hit the boyfriend and dragged him more than 200 feet.
"I wanted to save the world," she said, "but they wanted to save their own souls."
Personal Software Products Company in Austin, Texas.
The company took a $210 million write-off in the first quarter to reflect the phantom profits it has accused its former chief government bond trader, Joseph Jett, of creating.
This film is rated R. WITH: Tom Cruise (Lestat), Brad Pitt (Louis), Christian Slater (Malloy), Kirsten Dunst (Claudia), Stephen Rea (Santiago) and Antonio Banderas (Armand).
And Democrats won only a $12 million cut from the police budget.
A high court judge dismissed the case today, saying she no longer had jurisdiction.
Across the nation, the numbers -- 211, 311, 511, 711 and 811 -- can work with telephone network software for three-digit dialing, and are not already set aside for other purposes.
Editorials/Op-Ed 22-23 Editorials Chairman Helms.
So in some sense, it had to have its own standard.
"Everyone in this building is working to help our country," Mr. Raudsepp said.
The Indians had scored once off Mulholland in the bottom of the third.
Although even some conference speakers had reportedly voiced misgivings about aspects of the program, those doubts were suppressed in favor of a common front against the conservatives.
This is the problem with "Ilse's House," an interesting tale made less interesting by the fact that its narrator, a market-research analyst, by her own admission has "never been the imaginative type."
In one of their last encounters Leila proposes to send Arthur to a psychiatric clinic and he challenges her to a game: he will play the psychiatrist and she will play him, so he can learn from her how to answer the doctor's questions.
Higgins played for Sato Aris, scoring 21.2 points and collecting 9 rebounds per game.
We will also work for new progress toward the Middle East peace.
Yesterday's liberators are at each other's throats.
"I think the answer is that we are not doing a good enough job," Schools Chancellor Ramon C. Cortines said of the scores.
Until recently, when everybody in baseball got cranky, managers like Al Lopez and Casey Stengel and Sparky Anderson sat around commenting on various great issues of the day, giving us the extra warm and wise uncle we could all use.
The company, he said, has recovered from a 10 percent across-the-board cutback imposed in 1990 and is now exploring opportunities for growth through developing new businesses with new products.
Both drugs are made by Upjohn, but one of them, Micronase, lost its patent protection two years ago and other companies have entered the market with cheaper generic competitors, which pharmacists would frequently recommend to their customers.
Perhaps Ophelia's deranged state and subsequent suicide are prompted by more than just heartbreak.
Spark said, "that pioneers sometimes come back with arrows in their heads."
The cause was complications of diabetes, said Mel Fingerut, a close friend.
They did not want, and did not need, a semaphore system to keep them on track.
A Name in the Newspaper Blinda knew nothing about Hadji when he was named the coach of Morocco last September.
It smacks of a mystery novel.
The two networks are expected to turn a profit this year.
The newspaper advertisement supporting Mr. Zedillo was signed by 57 former Cabinet members, who were believed to have been rounded up by Mr. Hank in an effort to drown out any intra-party conflicts.
In 1991, the city agreed to restore water flow to a 19-mile stretch of the Owens River 120 miles south of Mono Lake.
" Mr. Morgan, 60, a consultant on labor relations, said he attends worship services only three or four times a year.
But who would see this tape?
Sure, the O. J. Simpson case is about the politics of race, gender and materialism, but I would remind Adams that this is not the exclusive territory of modern-day African-Americans.
Mr. Larrier was killed by another officer.
The singing is at times unpolished and often saccharine, but the album's sweet serenity is undoubtedly the main attraction for the harried modern listener.
"Mickey is more than a mouse to me; I am honored to call him a friend."
The report concludes that the sharpshooter may have violated the law, and it recommended that department lawyers evaluate the "prosecutive merit" of the case.
On Sept. 14, less than a week after he got back his badge and guns, Detective Arroyo learned that an application to retire on three-quarters pay for two herniated disks suffered on duty years ago had been approved.
The standings were: 1st Silverman and Woolsey, 2,171.97 imps; 2d Sam Lev of Forest Hills, Queens, and Bob Levin of Orlando, Fla., 1,768.91; 3d Garey Hayden of Tucson, Ariz., and Gaylor Kasle of Palm Springs, Calif., 1,697.55; 4th Piotr Gawrys and Krzysztof Lasocki of Poland, 1,627.86; 5th David Berkowitz of Old Tappan, N.J., and Larry Cohen of Little Falls, N.J., 1,570.8; 6th Steve Weinstein of Montclair, N.J., and Fred Stewart of Andes, N.Y., the defending champions, 1,053.56.
Sitting on a bench at a bus stop during most of the film, eagerly recounting his life story for a succession of strangers, Mr. Hanks's Forrest has an unerring sincerity and charm.
The Fed raised its target for short-term interest a quarter of a percentage point, to 3.25 percent, Feb. 4.
By the half, the freshman from Forest City, Pa., had 13 points in 13 minutes on 5-of-6 shooting, including 3 for 4 from behind the 3-point stripe.
The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation said today that the rate on 30-year mortgages rose this week to 8.33 percent from 8.25 percent a week earlier.
The ties between the Tung On and its street gang were symbiotic, the association member said.
Donors From Sports World Other contributors with notable business interests include real estate developers like Donald Trump; alcohol, tobacco and beverage companies like Pepsi Cola General Bottlers, and even the Chicago Bears Football Club Inc.
A Federal indictment in Manhattan accused him of heading a ring that smuggled hundreds of pounds of heroin from Thailand through Poland into New York.
When a violation was found, Navy officials said, the panel considered the student's record, cooperation and other mitigating circumstances in recommending specific punishments.
Under the direction of Ms. Packer, they have been living with this play since they did a workshop performance of it last fall, and they have developed an intimacy with their characters that comes only with long association.
More than 30,000 people live in Newark's housing projects.
While Mr. Corsaro insists that "the organization must move forward or die," Ms. Nathan retorts that the "business can be run as simply or as complicatedly as we make it."
Even then, the pain bothered her to the point that she cried as she awaited her scores.
b-Net loss, which was after a charge of $ 95 million, or $ 4.34 a share.
"If anybody wants to listen to smart conversation with regular people, they'll see."
The car was one of the perks of managing the Los Angeles branch of J. Walter Thompson, whose clients included Ford.
John Elway threw three touchdown passes, two to Shannon Sharpe, and the Broncos (9-7) scored on their first six possessions to take a 30-13 lead.
It was Hill's defensive pressure that shut down Purdue's Robinson, holding him to just 13 points, his worst game of the season.
Japan is still a favorite, despite its rise so far.
'Monkey Business II' Emily Dickinson Theater Public School 75 735 West End Avenue (at 95th Street) Manhattan (212) 666-1716 Recommended ages: 4 to 10 Through March 13 The monkey returns, as the subtitle, "The Continuing Adventures of Wu-Kong, the Monkey King," implies.
Mr. Halberstam's heart stopped beating on Saturday at 9:40 P.M.
New England, among the hardest-hit regions in the recent recession, had the largest decline in failures, down 32 percent, to 2,015.
What's more, in one of those twists in which New York City specializes, the schools with the greatest needs are taking the hardest hits.
The participating hotels include the Hyatt Regency Miami, where summer rates for a double room are $105 to $170 a night; the Turnberry Isle, $140 to $225, and the Biscayne Bay Marriott, $95.
The pianist is Aisha Sudiarso, with additional commentary by Lu Gmoser.
A friend took him to the hospital, where doctors diagnosed meningitis.
I notice others nearby whose names, if not always faces, I know: Winston Churchill, Edward Heath, Clement Attlee, Aneurin Bevan, Hugh Gaitskell, Harold Wilson.
Both agencies already handle other accounts for Dow Jones.
he enthused about the refitted boiler room.
Stinson Beach Motel, 3416 Highway 1 (Post Office Box 64), Stinson Beach, Calif. 94970, (415) 868-1712, is at the other end of the scale, but one block from the beach, and offers five simple, clean, comfortable rooms, and one apartment with kitchenette.
To reduce realized capital gains even more, each portfolio will select shares of securities with the highest "cost basis" when their holdings are sold.
The Economy Hundreds, perhaps thousands, of the nation's 32,500 travel agencies are struggling to survive, faced with a market in which individuals and businesses pinch travel pennies and confronted as well with a big decline in the percentage of revenue from airline commissions.
Not with one of the most scrutinized recruiting classes in the history of the college game returning for a senior season.
"They've done it all year and it's kind of a good thing for this club," Green said.
Plans for affordable housing -- defined in this county as housing for families earning under $65,000 -- have collapsed in Harrison, Yorktown and elsewhere.
And Idaho says that in many cases a parent and child do not have to disclose private conversations in court, unless the child gives permission.
It has had six quarters of losses since reporting its last profit.
Mr. Yeltsin has jettisoned many democrats from his inner circle, and with opponents like Aleksandr Rutskoi and Gennadi Zyuganov, the Communist Party leader, already campaigning together with strong appeals to Russian nationalism, it puts Mr. Yeltsin in a difficult political position.
In the harshest cases, where live-in domestics are viewed as family property, they are not permitted to leave the premises unless the boss says so or else they are sometimes beaten, raped or killed, human rights lawyers say.
Net charge-offs for 1993 were $ 15 million, compared to $ 38.9 million in 1992.
Seven people moved out of the sealed Biosphere 2 ecological laboratory today after a six-month stay, severing the project's last ties with a discredited management team.
Tom and Jerry do not part friends.
Schwab's stock, which had been trading downward during the first quarter of this year, on fears that rising interest rates might dampen the stock market, has begun to rebound and closed Friday at $30.125.
But it was McGriff's shot that made the National League victory possible.
With Donald Mulvihill he contributed three volumes to its 1970 report "Crimes of Violence."
Making Many Products Today, China's military runs a pharmaceutical empire with earnings of $1 billion a year; it produces satellite television dishes and cellular phones as well as food, clothing, trucks, boats, motorcycles and contact lenses.
The editorial was the first endorsement of any candidate for governor by the paper in almost 25 years.
Ms. Farrow pitches this performance just right, and it is a great relief to see her freed from her latest Woody Allen roles.
Chinese-Americans, who make up 3 percent of the city's total population, did not qualify for bilingual ballots.
Readers would be better served by writers who write -- from their observations of the human condition, of course, as writers always have -- leaving anthropology to those whose profession it is.
"One of the reasons I found the courage and confidence to act was what ballet had given to me," she said.
Injecting pure genetic material, DNA or RNA with complete instructions for making a protein, from pathogens into muscle is also a promising approach, Dr. Andre and others said.
Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, the former Education Secretary, and Senator Phil Gramm of Texas.
The officials expressed some surprise at the offer but said President Clinton did not plan to insert himself or the White House in any kind of intermediary role.
On Thursday, a Federal jury convicted four Miami police officers of misleading investigators in an effort to cover up the killing.
And the carjacking's survivor, Mr. Nappi, and two witnesses at the mall have looked at both men and all say the carjacker is Mr. Summers.
Speakers at the service are to include Thomas Messer, a retired director of the Guggenheim; Peter Lawson-Johnston, the president of the Guggenheim, and David Nash, the director of the department of Impressionist and modern art at Sotheby's.
Mr. Wynn and friends seemed to have a bottomless coffer of rock songs about traveling America's lonely highways, escaping from the daily pressures of life and falling out of love.
"The team is down a little bit.
Drawstring bags and large feed bags had round bamboo handles.
But Mr. Farrand said the best students do not necessarily make the best debaters.
The artists share a decided Conceptual bent and an involvement with systems of counting, measuring or charting different aspects of knowledge in visual terms.
It was unclear yesterday whether any programs would be affected or whether the administration would pay the community-based organizations whose contracts had not been properly approved.
My contract with the American people is for the future.
Magicians used to bedazzle the public with these books but at some point discovered they could make more money selling them.
The book shows how Mendes, a union leader who strove to preserve the forest that gave him and his followers their livelihood, became a hero of the ecology movement.
"There aren't any kingdoms left," G. Richard Wagoner Jr., president of G.M.
A third official, who is eager to reduce Mr. Magaziner's role, said: "He's a symbol of what went wrong.
Twenty-three Republicans voted for it, while 20 voted against it.
"Iran is an international outlaw, yet some nations still conduct preferential commercial relations with Iran and some take steps to appease that outlaw nation," he said.
And it warned Mr. O'Rourke that it would not back down in asserting its authority over the budget, accusing him of adopting an attitude that bordered "dangerously close to being contemptuous" of the County Charter.
"What better than a water fountain?"
"And I think ice skaters are more like artists and ballerinas than athletes."
"We haven't touched as many people as we would like," said Sandy Goldstein, a teacher who coordinates the Westhelp program for the Jewish Community Center.
We did it in reverse order.
"You incorporate something like that in a new building and it refers to something historically significant."
In the inflation-plagued, recession-racked period of the late 1970's and early 1980's, private labels prospered, only to slump during the boom years of the 1980's.
The Harvard/Kaiser survey, conducted by telephone with voters on election night, also tried to sketch attitudes about the next big domestic policy struggle: the budget.
For his part, Mr. Dinkins, who also has an office at Columbia University, where he is a professor, said: "It's fine.
Speaking about the tour, Hilma said: "Our publishers were quite generous -- they put us up in very lovely, small European type hotels to which we could retreat and restore ourselves at night.
"We see a confident consumer," he said.
You can hear great music anytime, night or day, in Tootsie's, where newcomers and has-beens play for tips.
The delay has cost nearly $350 million, mostly in interest payments on the debt.
So what else is new.
Software Spectrum's stock fell $5.75, to $17, in Nasdaq trading, where its 25 percent decline was among the worst of the day.
Sales of underwear and sweats, the core of Fruit of the Loom's business, slowed sharply at the end of last year, forcing the company to shutter plants and reducing its profit margins in the fourth quarter.
Another customer, Laloni Arrington, who lives three blocks from the bodega, said she remembered being given candy at the store when she would come in with her mother.
As with nursing home stays, reimbursement for these different services by Medicare, Medicaid and private insurers varies widely by state and by case.
The Jets do not play again until next Sunday.
The high walls increase the depth of the water, concentrate the river's energy, and accelerate the current.
Jim Edgar, a Republican in his first term, trounced the state's comptroller, Dawn Clark Netsch, whose campaign never got off the ground after she staged an upset victory in the primary last spring.
Competition Getting Better While the Knicks have not made an off-season trade, two of their Eastern Conference rivals have improved.
The plan is for a 1,000-bed Navy hospital ship to arrive in Jamaica this week so it can begin processing what American officials expect to be a steady stream of fleeing Haitians.
-- Miron and Anastasia Surmach, buried in St. Andrew's Ukrainian Cemetery, South Bound Brook, N.J. Life is short, Good deeds are without death, May his memory be eternal.
The dangers facing child workers are varied.
Of course, one may counteract this effect to some degree by turning up the bass control at the amplifier.
In that account, according to officials, she had a net trading loss of about $1,000; she closed the account in March 1980, shortly after Chelsea was born.
Some Democrats are just as vocal as Republicans in opposing the idea of invading.
And unfortunately, when it's crowded like this, some people come to commit crime."
There are dried floral arrangements and traditional art on the walls and pink-and-white napery and carnations on the tables.
Rollins Band and Therapy Irving Plaza If Henry Rollins didn't lead a band, he might have been a motivational speaker, a pop preacher or a demagogue.
I'm not asking to be put on the roster automatically.
In the beginning, when Drexel was virtually alone, he said, its deals were of high quality.
These are a few of the favorite things in the city's most stylish stores.
Beetling cliffs tower over the roadway, pinching it in toward the stream on the notch's talus-covered floor.
Approved 330 to 100, May 24.
But other types of barriers exist, which have profound effects on the United States economy.
"I can't think of anybody who has gone into office and is doing what they had committed to doing," said Pat Butler, 36, a sales representative in Fayetteville, Ga. "They find out once they get in that they can't do that much.
A few months ago, word spread that McMillan had a scar on the back of his neck, the result of a recently excised tumor.
Until recently, brain researchers focused most of their attention on the biological basis of cognitive processes such as perception and memory, said Dr. John Allman, a professor of neurobiology at the California Institute of Technology.
Reaching for greater size and economic power in the rapidly changing managed health care market, Travelers Inc. and Met Life said yesterday that they were exploring "possible alliances among their health care operations."
Academic theories, investor psychology, tax rates and the often arcane science of interpreting what goes on at the Federal Reserve also are in play.
The 1990 world champion, Rudy Dhaenens of Belgium, never won another race and has retired from the sport.
"Quite plain that this was a terrible breach of the laws of war," he said.
Because of the velocity and the volume of its songs, the band was considered a part of the sweaty young male underground of hard-core punks.
United Nations officials said he had been delayed in Entebbe, Uganda, and would not arrive in Kigali, the rebel-held capital, until Thursday.
" Wilson Faude, in his present job with the Old State House and when he was curator of the Mark Twain Memorial in the 1970's, has never been mistaken for a traditional conservationist.
"I saw a Spanish woman on the street," he said, "so I wanted to know how a Spanish woman is in bed."
The deadlock reflected the disagreements on the City Council with the Mayor's $31.6 billion budget for the next fiscal year.
But there will be a lot of disinformation first."
What is the difference between a frog and a toad?
To the Editor: An advertisement placed in The Times on April 24 by the Independent Electoral Commission did not provide complete information on eligibility to vote in South Africa's election.
"They thought it was a great package," she said with a cynical tone.
Their typewritten texts interspersed with cut-and-pasted images create a ruminative diary of the artist's trip to the space center and his four-day stay there.
First, they composed a 30-minute opera.
b-After a charge from an accounting adjustment of $ 12,771,000, or $ 1.26 a share.c-Net loss and after an extraordinary charge from early retirement of debt of $ 7,553,000, or 90 cents a share, in both the quarter and 9 months.Year-ago period ended Dec. 27, 1992.
Modern history is represented, too, both by President Boris N. Yeltsin's odd night-time diary of events as recent as last October's shelling of Parliament and scuttlebutt about the spouses of the Soviet elite, a Kitty Kelley-like survey called "Kremlin Wives."
"Rather than resist the approaching change, or try to stuff the genie back in the bottle, Jim is using his energy to dramatically reshape the way his company will do business," said Stanley T. Skinner, president and chief executive of Pacific Gas and Electric, the nation's largest utility.
And Tom Skiffington, who trains Cinnamon Sugar, said: "If Lakeway is running, we're not."
He said the stability of the dollar did not mean the crisis was over.
Her daughter, Laura, 7, offered her mother a spoonful of macaroni.
B11 Editorials/Op-Ed A20-21 Editorials Tough and smart on crime?
Mr. Rosenbaum states, "The museum might have sought another American institution as a buyer, keeping the manuscript in the public domain."
Was he really spending the night before his last election worrying about real estate, how to stay busy, how to make a living?
Midweek at the Earliest It's most likely the negotiating teams will meet next week but probably not before Wednesday, which is the last day before the start of what usually is the last month of the season.
These provisions are all retroactive to Jan. 1.
"In retrospect I wish I had never gone to that reception," he said.
Still in a Daze As the residents of Malibu shoveled knee-deep mud from their driveways and hitched their Mercedes-Benzes to tow trucks, they were like groggy boxers refusing to leave the ring.
"We didn't know the business," Ms. Carragher, 28, said.
In 1993, they sold 13.9 million.
If many New York chefs are exploring Miami's options, at least one Miami chef has headed north -- Douglas Rodriguez, formerly at Yuca in Coral Gables, who has just opened his own restaurant, Patria, in New York City.
In 1966, at the age of 70, she donated 100 acres of the farm in Vienna to the United States Government to create a national park for the performing arts.
Judicial evaluation of evolving standards of human decency cannot proceed in a vacuum.
"He plays at home a little," Mrs. Steanman said.
would quickly decide to negotiate a settlement," Mr. Carey said in a statement early today.
The quarrel over Dr. Sandler's estate, which his parents' lawyer estimated to be worth between $50,000 and $100,000, was triggered by a state law governing the status of children born after a will has been written.
Kenneth W. Roeltgen performed the ceremony at Old St. Joseph's Church in Philadelphia.
A two-hour scramble through the sandstone maze of the Fiery Furnace, led by rangers twice each day, provides an excellent introduction to the geology of the park and its plant and animal life.
They are Ethiopia's unwanted -- supporters of an overthrown regime.
Lent was in New Mexico, and how long he stayed.
"This is a blockbuster," Richard Feigen said of a Delacroix battle scene.
The Saudi Arabia-Morocco game at Giants Stadium on June 25 becomes Game 22 and will be played at 12:30 P.M. instead of 7:30.
This is a cancer that strikes about 1 out of every 10,000 children and usually is cured by chemotherapy.
A spokesman for Matsushita in Tokyo said the company was not aware of any plans to buy back MCA.
The Mayor has often expressed sympathy for the concerns of some of the city's district attorneys, who have maintained that a new agency with broad powers would complicate their investigations and duplicate their efforts.
Or inquire at the post office in Bass Harbor.
Some companies have tried to win business from fans who suddenly have time on their hands.
"I think they're wasteful of taxpayer dollars.
Murray H. Bring, 59, will become executive vice president, external affairs, and Charles R. Wall, 49, will become senior vice president for litigation.
Director Woolsey must show that he is ready to make a clean break with the sloppiness of the past, by tightening the rules and making an example of those who tolerated infractions.
Michael Jordan has said his father always wanted him to play baseball.
An extraordinary history of an ordinary family, in which the author plays the roles of gossip, pedant and loyal member, yielding a reunion strangers are welcome -- and fortunate -- to attend.
In response to that attack, which caused consternation among most diplomats here, the President of Croatia, Franjo Tudman, pleaded for help from the United Nations to stop the attacks.
The group of 15, 7 of whom had traveled from Havana on three motorcycles with sidecars, assembled Monday evening in Mariel.
The impact of Fragment G outshone the planet itself, leaving astronomers amazed at the brilliance of the display.
violence is continuing as leaders and clergymen seek to put increasing pressure on Sinn Fein to disclose its decision on the peace offer by the end of next weekend, at Sinn Fein's annual conference in Dublin.
Altogether, Norwegian rights sold for about $360 million.
Preheat the oven to 200 degrees.
We must accept the truth of our situation and deal with the trend toward a North American culture.
The temperature was below zero, and there was a chill wind as she huddled around the crackling fire with other members of Local 175 of the United Food and Commercial Workers Union at a shopping mall in northwest Toronto.
The camera blurs her figure, as if it sees her through the eyes of the pursuer.
Mr. Larson, who has pleaded not guilty to all charges, said that defending himself and his associates had already cost about $500,000.
Mr. Livingston was the founder and president of Rye Industries, an electronics manufacturer in Mamaroneck, N.Y.
David Goldstein, coordinator of the council's energy program, said that competition among energy suppliers would supplant efforts to find more efficient uses of electricity that would benefit consumers.
No more free shoe shines or subsidized haircuts for members of Parliament.
Harvard University announced today that David Rockefeller, an alumnus and former chairman of the Chase Manhattan Bank, had given the university $11 million to establish a center for Latin American studies.
Intermediate goods moved up just two-tenths of 1 percent last month, the same as for finished goods, and are a mere seven-tenths of 1 percent higher over the last year.
Open May 1 to Sept. 30 from 10 A.M to 5:30 P.M., last admission at 5.
It said a lot for the neighborhood when the pretentious Luxe was replaced by the eater-friendly Campagna.
Rick calculates that returning the 47-cent box would net him 94 cents.
"We go in and out of different fashions in education," she said.
A1 ADMIRAL'S RETIREMENT DEBATED A Senate committee considered whether Admiral Frank Kelso, whose departure was hastened by the Tailhook scandal, should retire at a four-star rank.
Me: No; average size, I guess.
Indiana will play the winner of the Atlanta-Miami series, which is tied at one game apiece.
Taoist texts teach that both nature and society seek balance, and that interfering with this natural arrangement can bring unhappy consequences.
He was president of the New York City chapter of the National Association of Social Workers from 1970 to 1972 and of the American Orthopsychiatric Association in 1972 and 1973.
"I'm unseeded, and I've said it a lot, maybe too much, but I feel like I can win these matches," said Agassi, who came into this Open unseeded for the first time since 1987.
"But Eric is the type of individual I would classify as a follower."
It will also buy four cement-storage silos in Houston, Fort Worth, Tyler and Katy, and a 52 percent interest in the Parker Lafarge unit, which operates asphalt and aggregate plants in Houston and New Braunfels.
The plant, which has faced stiff political opposition through most of its 18 years, has been shut for 19 months because of safety problems.
The Horta Museum, 25 Rue Americain (537-1692), is open daily except Monday, 2 P.M. to 5:30 P.M.; admission $2.95 during the week, $5.80 on weekends.
That, in turn, gives American manufacturers more leeway in raising prices at home, analysts said.
As long as the shows do not fall short of their estimated ratings, the networks will not have to offer free ads, known as make-goods, to make up for not meeting the goal.
ABC Carpet and Home, 888 Broadway, at 19th Street, (212) 473-3000, stocks antique flower-shaped tiebacks in pressed milk glass ($55) and simple egg-shaped finials in unpainted wood (from $8).
Should older people avoid whirlpool baths?
The average time children spent in foster care had risen from 3.49 years to 3.86 years and adoption time had risen from 2 years to 3 years.
For a selection of tiny bikinis, Rio may not have many rivals.
None of its 11 components was either surprising or dominating and there was an even 5-5 split between those making positive and negative contributions.
"At the same time, there's a fine line you don't cross.
New money "went to countries that were performing and to others that were not performing," said Mr. Dallara, who was Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for International Affairs from 1989 to 1991.
Western diplomats in Belarus fear that economic union will bring pressures for a more political union, beginning the potential reintegration of some of the old Russian empire.
The company's telecommunications products and services business nearly doubled its operating income to $142 million from $87 million a year ago.
Nonetheless, Pentagon officials said that it that would be extremely difficult to prepare Guantanamo for tens of thousands more refugees because of problems providing water and sewage disposal.
Military officials said the crash could produce the most American casualties in the Somalia mission since an Army raid in Mogadishu last October in which 18 died.
John Harrington, the owners' chief spokesman, said the owners would bring a new proposal with them.
Marketers paid the toys-for-guns program a compliment: They wished they'd thought of it.
Inflation reached 38 percent two years ago and is still around 22 percent.
But the left has managed to set aside relatively parochial concerns in the name of a higher pursuit: peace talks with the Arabs.
In 1947, he completed his First Symphony, a work he had started in 1941.
Terra Verde sports huge windows and a striking skylight in the back, a holdover from the building's industrial use.
Prosecutors said several former Treasury workers were prepared to testify that they had been ordered to alter computer files of fund-raising events with Mrs. Hutchison's knowledge.
Weeknights at 11:30 on NBC (Channel 4 in New York).
I have to do this.
They show dreamy, soulful photographs of healthy, happy people who survived auto accidents and escaped death, the land of no regrets.
It is Mr. Lewis who is scientifically wrong, apparently accepting at face value the "tainted truth" in the book.
b-Included a non-cash recovery gain of $ 5.5 million, or 35 cents a primary share and 33 cents a fully diluted share, from the elimination of income tax accruals on discontinued operations in both the quarter and 9 months.
Bobby had switched back from Roman Catholicism to Protestantism, so the funeral was at the Church of the Advent in Boston.
In general, Ms. Kavanaugh said, her fears about coming out were worse than the reality.
And the bookend events, a bash on one skater's knee and a judge's gavel to another's guilty plea, say a lot about how far the sport has come since the days when Peggy Fleming and Dorothy Hamill were America's sweethearts on ice.
"After 15 years of continuous growth, they're no longer leaping like grasshoppers, but crawling cautiously like ants."
Listening to the station was forbidden in East Germany; violators were given prison terms.
"It was humbling," she said, "but we learned a lot from the experience.
In the east, the essential walk is along the city's most historic avenue, Unter den Linden, which runs two miles from Brandenburg Gate to Alexanderplatz.
France, which has sent 460 troops, said it had evacuated 525 of the 600 French citizens in Rwanda, most of them in seven flights to Burundi and the Central African Republic, though at least 100 have escaped the country overland.
Much of this information was not introduced at Mr. Bobbitt's trial at the request of the prosecutor in that case and this one, Paul B. Ebert, who restricted himself to the five days before the maiming.
"It contains proteins we haven't even identified yet, much less know the function of."
Now it is the the conservatives' turn.
Other St. Petersburg performing institutions have not been so fortunate.
And any fruit or vegetable that contained at least 10 percent of the listed nutrients in its fresh state could in a processed state be fortified and then labeled as healthy.
Senator George J. Mitchell of Maine, the majority leader, said, "We believe the record of the 103d Congress will be one of significant accomplishment, particularly in four areas: economic growth, trade, education and crime."
"The stations are a great resource, simply irreplaceable if sold, because there are no more frequencies available in the New York area," said Larry Josephson, an independent radio producer and longtime student of public radio.
Bach's "Jesu, Meine Freude," with its abrupt shifts of tone, exposed some weaknesses in the ensemble.
b-Included 10 cents a share one-time, pretax gain.c-Net lossd-Included charge related to settlement agreement with federal and state governments.
His lawyers must now decide whether to attempt to press criminal charges against his ex-wife.
The day after the shooting, law-enforcement officials held a news conference and revealed that Mr. Ferguson, who is black, had been carrying notes citing his anger over racist treatment he had received from blacks, whites and Asians.
At least 15,000 people, including many "prisoners of conscience" -- those imprisoned for their beliefs -- were held in detention camps there.
It costs $1 to $1.30 a bottle.
The constitutional provision that Mr. Rostenkowski's lawyers invoked, the Speech or Debate Clause in Article 1, protects members of Congress from being "questioned in any other place" about their speeches or debates in Congress.
Some are having problems with that notion.
The Senate Armed Services Committee has scheduled hearings on Jan. 25 or 26.
Her next project will be securing a place for George in the cabin.
It states that if the physical parameters of the universe were any different, life would not be possible; hence, the universe must have been organized to support life.
"No," said the Mott Haven projects resident.
100-YARD CLUB: Tim Bellisari racked up a combined 100 yards (14 rushes for 91 yards, 2 receptions for 9 yards and a touchdown) to carry LOCUST VALLEY (4-0) to a 22-7 victory over MANHASSET (2-1-1).
He said it mattered little whether discrimination or factors like low self-esteem were behind the findings, because both resulted from societal attitudes.
Money for social services has come from a range of government agencies: the city's Division of AIDS Services, Department of Homeless Services and Department of Mental Health; the state's Department of Social Services and Office of Mental Health, and the Federal Department of Housing and Urban Development.
Doubles at the Marriott, which has a full health club, are $140.
It also appeared to have more leeway to reduce rates because the mark was especially strong, having steadily gained against the dollar for weeks.
He turned down a plea bargain and in the last few days, dismissed his Washington lawyer and hired a Chicago one, also with a lot of clout of his own.
"I hope that wasn't the case, and I don't think it was," Reed said.
But he also described goals for the edition that sounded decidedly less ambitious than those of his predecessor.
Tough Competition American companies say they have a difficult time competing with countries like Germany and Japan with an undereducated work force, because a higher level of education is required to communicate in the teams now used in manufacturing, as well as higher math and reading skills to understand instructions and operate equipment.
When the defense gets backed up, he'll clap his hands and say, 'Good, good.
For the third quarter, SLM reported that net income rose 48.5 percent, to $11.3 million, or 87 cents a share, compared with the corresponding period a year earlier.
To this day, there are parties -- somewhat more subdued -- to welcome the new wine.
Mr. Dellums is expected to meet with President Kim Il Sung, who rules North Korea like a dictator.
"What if bone marrow transplants allow women to extend their life expectancy from one year to 13 months, but it costs $100,000?"
In a 1992 Los Angeles case, a state court judge ordered a shopping-center owner to pay $3.5 million to the family of a 26-year-old sales clerk who was abducted, raped and murdered as she was leaving work.
When the Broncos did finally run the play, Marvin Jones, the new middle linebacker, smothered Elway's pass in the end zone.
"The thing is, you have to know the schedules," he said.
Four of the five borough presidents are Democrats; the fifth is a Republican, but has been feuding with the Mayor for months.
Mr. Bergman, who also directed Mr. Cage in "Honeymoon in Vegas," explained that he and his leading man had agreed that the key to keeping an apparently uncomplicated protagonist like Officer Lang interesting was restraint.
Both Mason and Starks skipped today's interview session with the national news media and were fined $10,000 apiece by the National Basketball Association.
Three agencies and a radio station won $20,000 Mercury Gold awards.
It was also required to prove that it could secure the money to complete it.
What sometimes seems like casual conversation is actually social commentary steeped in study.
Federal officials had sought more than $1.8 billion in damages.
NEW YORK GOVERNMENT OFFICES: Closed.
"That was one of the most wonderful experiences of my life," Dr. Koppelman said.
After the sit-ups are finished, Mr. Graham said, the exerciser can put the soles of his feet on the rollers and give himself a foot massage.
The first task would be to seize airfields and ports so an invasion force could be deployed.
b-After an accounting gain of $ 46,340,000, or $ 2.02 a share, from the adoption of SFAS 109 and SFAS 106.The latest periods included realized investment gains of $ 818,000, or 3 cents a share, in the quarter and $ 8.2 million, or 35 cents a share, in the 9 months.
If Baghdad can fairly meet the conditions of the Security Council resolution, it should qualify for the promised relief.
Compaq's market share swelled to 13.6 percent last year from 11 percent in 1992.
Mr. Shishkin served as chief "umpire" for the competition.
Finding no "significant variation," the judge reinstated the death penalties.
He reminded Representatives that he had previously testified in favor of a bill that would require the Federal Reserve to pursue zero inflation above all other goals, including the reduction of unemployment.
Tudor City towers formed a giant billboard advertising his venture that was visible down 42d Street from Grand Central.
Issue of Double Jeopardy The strangulation case, argued last week, brings a novel issue before the court having to do with double jeopardy, which bars multiple prosecutions for the same offense.
"Tell us again about the snacks and how it affected your psyche and your feelings about your parents," Mr. Bolen said at the start of his cross-examination.
"There was a short, tough and intense battle in which one terrorist was killed and some of our own men were hurt," he said.
When faced with a patient in serious pain, family members often experience feelings of rage, powerlessness and hopelessness, Cancer Care has found.
"And we wanted to achieve a sense that all the different communities, particularly those that are most affected, would have a sense of representation and balance.
Mary Shultz is appealing as the oncologist, however, and John Christopher Jones, pear-shaped and flat-footed as the unwanted lothario, could easily have dropped in from a Gogol farce.
The other members of the panel are John D. Butzner Jr., senior judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, in Richmond, first appointed to the bench by Lyndon B. Johnson, and Joseph T. Sneed, senior judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, in San Francisco, who was appointed to the bench by President Richard M. Nixon.
The other workshops also combine the study of science with hands-on activities.
In November, she completed a portrait project for the Sara Lee Corporation, documenting its 1993 Front runner awards.
"The Department of Education in conjunction with my office, legislative leadership and the public will craft a new funding formula," the Governor said, "that will be submitted to the Legislature in time to comply with the timetable established by the court."
The federation, which favors passage, is one of the many national lobbying groups that have jumped into the fray alongside state lobbying organizations.
Dana Murzyn cut the lead to 3-2 at the three-minute mark of the second period beating Mike Richter off a two-on-one rush.
Mr. Doak said Lloyd's would also defend itself, as it has in a slew of cases in Britain, against any charges of fraud.
But the lease on the city-owned property ran out years ago, and the city has sought to clear the land.
The most recent proof of this power was a Congressional vote to withdraw American troops from Somalia, as a provision in an appropriations bill.
"We've been in this area.
"I'm a comic-book freak," said Robert Lee Morris, the jewelry designer whose elegant silver link bracelets and sensual pendants have graced many a fashionable wrist and neck.
Jamesway filed a bankruptcy reorganization plan that would give its creditors a majority of the stock in the retailing company but would pay them only about half of what they are owed.
Effort Given a Push The S.E.C.
There were a few people watching from the beach, and I wouldn't have blamed them for laughing out loud at a grown man floundering in shallow water.
His patients' lives became the grist for short fiction, written late at night after his hospital rounds.
The firm did not say whether it would open for business today.
When asked whether the surge in long-term interest rates had slowed the expansion, Mr. Bentsen said, "At this level, I don't see that."
A house that was spray-painted with racial slurs earlier this month was gutted by a suspicious fire early Saturday, less than a day after its tenants moved out.
But then accuracy is not a preoccupation of Mr. Freeling's: "My citations are from memory and probably all slightly wrong; the point is that one knows them by heart."
For eight years, the field where Mr. Oppenheimer was resting -- a former landfill renamed Gatsby's Landing by the condominium developers -- has been on a state Superfund list of sites awaiting cleanup.
A few months ago, Monique Knowlton was very much the new kid on the block with a large miscellany ranging from small bronzes through paintings to one exceedingly large four-poster bed.
Diabetic keto-acidosis is a type of diabetes common in children who are not able to produce insulin, said JANET GORMAN, a nurse with the Central Ohio Diabetes Association.
A selection of dances from Tchaikovsky's "Nutcracker" was less persuasive.
Her editor at the time, Tom Jenks, had drawn up the contract.
Mr. Moore plans to perform it around the world over the next five years, and to usher in the year 2000 with a performance at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine.
"Disney doesn't like the 'P' word," he said quickly.
Karen Pettigrew, a nurse-midwife from Rapid City, complained: "People all seem unwilling to change from the best of all possible ideal plans, but they don't want to pay for it.
Laurel Wilkening, the chancellor at California-Irvine, is not ruling out acquisition as a means to that new emphasis.
Kosher hot dogs have been added to the stadium concession menu.
Mr. Marzani worked for the O.S.S.
Animated biographies add richness to the characters.
"South Pole Station is almost like a geosynchronous satellite for studying upper atmosphere physics," said Dr. Theodore Rosenberg, an atmospheric physicist at the University of Maryland.
I never have the seventh day off; that's how I know I'm not holy."
When tomatoes are at their peak, a single juicy slice is better than ketchup.
"It's kind of a mating and dating game," said Ellie Silverman, a spokeswoman for the show.
On Friday, the index had reached a three-and-a-half-year high of 239.38 points.
He is an observant Orthodox Jew and a strong supporter of Israel, who also fights for a capital gains tax cut and to protect stock options from a new accounting practice that he says could lead to a decline in their use.
Of the two, "Old Tokyo: Walks in the City of the Shogun" is the more charming.
On a Friday morning in November 1985, hours before the Ways and Means Committee was to vote on tax reform legislation, Mr. Rostenkowski sat with a list in the committee's library and began calling other members to tell them of special tax breaks he had sneaked into in the bill just for them.
We tried small streamers in the pilings for stripers and had a few tentative takes but no hook-ups.
The band, actually three people, Robin Guthrie and Simon Raymonde on guitars and Miss Fraser, were joined by a guitarist, bassist and drummer, and they performed pieces from their most recent album, "Four-Calendar Cafe" (Capitol).
In the old days, the main forces disrupting trade were artificial barriers, quotas and tariffs put up by one country against another.
"No one has yet made the 'Citizen Kane' of multimedia," said Stewart McBride, president of United Digital Artists, a New York company that provides digital graphic services for those moving into multimedia.
Some are trained in the intricacies of balloon flight and are called pilots.
There are some players, Navratilova among them, who believe that Smith and Shriver alienated the tour's former title sponsor, Kraft, and also encouraged the impending departure of Virginia Slims, the tour's founding sponsor, without having an adequate backup in place.
Before long, he was able to buy a small dealership in Talullah, La., and by the mid 1970's he owned a dozen of them.
It seems obvious, though, that Neilson was right all along.
Above all, he is a strong figure to stay with his President in a critical moment.
On Monday night on national television, the Deputy Attorney General publicly accused PRI leaders of impeding the case.
For "collaboration" (a most elastic term) the film maker Henri-Georges Clouzot was not allowed to work for two years and the amiable actor-playwright Sacha Guitry for three.
The original draft would have given the State Health Commissioner, Dr. Mark R. Chassin, the power to require new mothers to sign a consent form indicating whether they would accept or reject H.I.V.
Just before he kills himself, a lawyer reveals a deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
The defeat sends the Mets home with a 2-5 record on their West Coast trip and a 9-9 mark over all.
For those Angelenos who have decided to wait for the big one, there is a new niche store in the Glendale Galleria in San Fernando Valley, not far from the epicenter of the quake.
Theoretical extravagances like these have become so commonplace that one expects popular books on cosmology to read like science fiction.
And perhaps most important: "The fan is always right."
Ellen confines her feelings about her husband to a series of journals that Tom has never read, and he seems unconscious of the depths of her anger.
The merger will allow MFS to accelerate the introduction of its fiber-optic networks to small and medium-sized businesses.
This should not come as a surprise: the nightly news is full of the evidence of its impact.
And they still can't do it."
He couldn't' wait to be 7 for Little League.
He didn't drive because he had one leg, and for years I never drove.
Expensive and vanishing health care, AIDS, crime, poor national school performance, job insecurity, environmental threats -- all of these now seem close to home, real and threatening.
In the book, published during the trial of Paul Touvier, 79, who was convicted of crimes against humanity for ordering the execution of seven Jews, Mr. Mitterrand said there was little point in prosecuting old men so long after the events.
It gave me time to get loose and get going.
Transit officials argue the dip in use in the last two months was caused in part by people going on vacation.
The letters pointedly mentioned Alaska.
"I'm sitting in the car with all these jazz musicians, and they're all talking about Pink Floyd, saying 'Yeah, that's really happening.'
Mr. Houser's work is in the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the British Royal Collection, the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, and the Linden Museum in Stuttgart, Germany.
It is delicate and subtle, each plump oyster lightly poached and floating in a sea of cream and riesling.
In classrooms, there are 15 students for every teacher.
The program will begin at 8 P.M. at the church, 160 Central Park West at 76th Street.
All the pubs were open all night.
Ms. Reiter said the Metropolitan Transportation Authority had agreed to study the proposal, and would report to the city by the summer.
Gold Drops On the Commodity Exchange in New York, April gold fell $2.10, to $386 an ounce, while May silver slipped 4 cents, to $5.657 an ounce.
According to the Bible, King Hezekiah, expecting an attack and possibly a long siege by the Assyrians in the eighth century B.C., had a tunnel built to bring water from the spring to an open reservoir within the walled city, which extends south of the Temple Mount.
Many lawyers believe the court would rule similarly on the basis of sex.
In August, the Justice Department argued that "no contempt of court has occurred," and that "Mr. Magaziner's reputation has been unfairly maligned as a result of plaintiffs' baseless allegations."
The changing attitudes of some institutions toward the advanced placement tests come as more students are taking the tests -- a record of nearly 400,000 in 1994.
In the last days of the campaign, the Forum showed its potential for rough politics by using state television to paint the Socialists as ruthless Reds from the '50's.
"The castings are toxic to them and they die.
It had simply not been found.
With a televised speech to Parliament on Tuesday night that enabled the tycoon-politician to capitalize on his skills before the camera, Mr. Berlusconi overcame rifts in his coalition prompted both by worries over the conflict between his business and political interests and concerns about his increasingly touchy relationship with the investigating magistrates.
Their report describes the officer as a "ticket-writing machine," issuing up to 200 tickets a day to drivers in the thriving unlicensed van industry, who illegally pick up passengers for less than the cost of public transportation and take them to subway stops or shopping malls.
"The U.S. was behaving recklessly with the dollar," Mr. Evangelista said.
The variation on the standard "works on paper" moniker in the show's title points up the fact that in her collagist approach, paint and ink, canvas and paper, words and images all jostle together.
Shorter versions serve as overblouses under his suit jackets.
"But it did have the unsought positive effect of increasing our sense of South Africanness."
In Withrow v. Williams (1993), Justice O'Connor cited the imposition of "substantial costs" as the Court's rationale for barring Miranda-violation claims from consideration in habeas appeals!
Following normal procedure in such cases, Mr. Jaspers declined to identify the suspect by name.
"The surprise was how many of the complaints were settled so easily."
"We knew that lying dormant someplace was a treasure trove of votes we could get -- the urban vote," Mr. Lautenberg said.
A Crowd at Second Instead, the Orangemen moved into a second place tie with Boston College and Pittsburgh.
So the question was pursued by the Practical Traveler column to see if answers were really scarce, or merely hard to extract.
The group preferred the baseball bat underneath the letters to a first version that put the bat on the end like an exclamation point.
The Philadelphia 76ers' 7-foot-6-inch rookie center, Shawn Bradley, will miss the rest of the season with a dislocated left knee cap.
Severed executives who did object to their packages tended to say they weren't rewarded for length of service or level of expertise and that the amount of time covered was less than they needed to find another job.
All that work aside, the rhythm section, oddly enough, never quite jelled.
That time the owners were offering 40 percent of their revenue for salaries, with the pension and benefit plan to be financed with other money.
And Lett hopes that the Super Bowl focuses the attention on that talent instead of two mistakes.
The Packers have gone 9-7 in each of Holmgren's two years as coach.
The group, detectives said, had been playing video games nearby at Faber's Arcade on Surf Avenue when they decided to find someone to rob.
You will see a lot of Gypsy children, a lot of older kids and a lot of kids with special needs in the orphanages."
Levi Wilhelm, a cane across his lap, sat at the center in a wheelchair.
Roy Hodgson, Switzerland's English coach, conceded as much, but also said: "There were long periods of the game when we were able to push Spain back on the defensive.
This was the woman who could make ordinary Hollywood dialogue memorable, from "I'd like to kiss you, but I just washed my hair" ("Cabin in the Cotton," 1932) to "What a dump!
"I don't think it was just one call," he said.
40 during seven seasons as a running back.
And two weeks ago he appointed a longtime friend, David M. Zornow, as chairman of the panel.
Ramon C. Cortines, who became Chancellor of the New York City schools seven months ago, said yesterday that he was resigning because Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani was interfering in the management of the school system.
Janzen, the defending United States Open champion, broke out of a yearlong funk by shooting a round of 66 and finishing tied for fourth.
"There is no question that the nuclear industry comes off very well," she said.
"My old grandmother's house, it was like this, very quiet.
The company had a reputation for high-handed dealings with its distributors, but the quality and price of its products were hard to beat.
"Some of the others gave us shimmering patterns and other unwanted 'noise,' " he said.
Verses seethed with dissonance; then choruses shifted to comforting melodies.
Although its cash flow -- income before interest payments, depreciation and other charges -- was $1.86 billion last year on revenues of $4.15 billion -- because it borrows heavily to finance aggressive growth and investment, it reports almost no net income, after paying interest on loans, and it pays no dividends.
Three women doctors in San Francisco contend with lovers, betrayers and killers.
"On the other hand, if they haven't, if in fact a mischaracterization is being created and kind of driven by the constant media attention to this, then I'm not going to just submit to that because people think that's the politically correct thing to do."
operations for the high-capacity, 500-channel future.
The Old Master paintings from her collection are to be sold at Christie's on Jan. 11.
I see no downside to the establishment of such a commission as a source of advice and counsel to the Governor as she grapples with some very difficult issues.
Mr. Spangler, a large North Carolina investor, began buying shares of National Gypsum a year ago and now holds a stake of 19 percent.
The last car in his entourage, driven by a Hasidic man, went out of control and struck and killed a 7-year-old black child playing on the street.
Not only had she been exposed to the case by watching television, the prospective juror told the judge, but "last night they put a little bleep in after 'Murder She Wrote' about the interview with you."
I know that I will go back to Philadelphia, to what I still consider my orchestra.
Homage and Protest Some lines in the two books are indisputably similar.
For a condominium, there are common charges that cover insurance but not taxes.
The day had dawned with another round of looting in the port, part of a wave of sackings of food warehouses and stores in the last few days.
"You didn't stay up until the end?"
But the fanciful, really unreal, spirit of a flighty play is sufficiently felt.
Arbour's resignation in 1986 came after the team had been eliminated from the playoffs by Washington in three straight opening-round games, the first time the team had not made it beyond the first round since 1978.
Slim Majority Likely Computer projections gave Mr. Schroder's party more than 44 percent of the vote, which if confirmed by a final count would give the Social Democrats enough to govern the state by themselves with a majority of one seat.
He cited the success that independent television stations have frequently had with movies as counter-programming to football on Sundays.
"You would start in the middle, you would throw the ball up in the air, one guy would grab it, try to make it across the line and everybody else would just crush him," Montana said.
Only about 14 percent are wheelchair users.
We should limit our commitment to 50,000, mainly air and sea forces, most in the Mediterranean; our drawdown should encourage other members of NATO to welcome Poland, which can provide ground troops on its soil and replace our forces in Germany.
Yesterday the Energy Secretary, Hazel R. O'Leary, announced the initiation of a departmentwide project to develop recommendations on how to handle surplus plutonium and bomb-grade uranium, whether retired from weapons or in the production pipeline.
But the concept of a renegade protein remains controversial.
Like "Dark Meadow," "Errand" is sexual in its symbolism and it too has decor by Isamu Noguchi that includes phallic shapes.
"It's amazing to see the dog you know doing something so amazing.
Mr. Bethune succeeds Robert R. Ferguson 3d as president.
The job of Sergeant Brain's squad, loaded down with weapons, ammunition and flak jackets, was "showing the American presence," he said.
When World War II was about to break out, he left China and joined the Royal Air Force as a liaison officer in the Mediterranean.
"It didn't come with instructions?"
The ratio fell to 1.08 in June from 1.13 in May, the Semiconductor Industry Association said.
W. C. Fields, you may recall, found Philadelphia preferable only to death.
Two weeks ago "Princess in Love" was published, a book about the Princess of Wales and an army major who asserted he had a five-year affair with her.
Her defeat of Angela Lansbury in the category brought Miss Lansbury, the veteran of "Murder, She Wrote," a dubious honor: with 14 nominations and no wins, Miss Lansbury is tied with the soap-opera actress Susan Lucci for Emmy futility.
Heat 111, Pistons 97 Miami snapped a five-game road losing streak and won for just the third time this season as Kevin Willis scored a season-high 30 points.
CBS Inc. has ordered its first Hewlett-Packard Media Server computer as part of efforts to replace old-fashioned electronics with broadcast computers and servers.
"John Bobbitt is what he is and he testified, I'm sure, to the best of his ability."
"Who'd think there would be this kind of buzz about figure skating?"
MCI is also narrowing the spread between revenue gains and traffic gains, which shows that the company is able to gain new customers without discounting, Mr. Deatherage said.
"People ask why we built the shrine so close to the Strip," Father Leary said.
But here in Lennox, a farming community 40 miles from Sioux Falls, as well as in farmhouses across the states where the television sets were on, Mrs. Clinton's arguments dominated.
If that message was strong in 1983, it is even stronger today.
Occasional intrusive camera tricks, like flying flowers in one sequence, come off as strange rather than bold.
Dr. Berghofer and Dr. Schmitt were analyzing data from the German satellite Rosat earlier this year when they noticed the burst.
Instead, it went directly to O'Neill, who kicked a soft punt instead.
Most participants appeared to be in their 60's and older.
The Beginning A Man Convinced He Knew Better The seeds of betrayal were planted in 1976, when Mr. Ames, then a C.I.A.
Analysts, however, said that the new strategy could hurt sales in the next two quarters and that Campbell's stock price could fall as well.
And he's not looking to remain bulletproof today against Colorado, only to keep his lungs inflated.
Explaining today's decision, an Administration official said that the International Atomic Energy Agency told Washington that North Korea has not diverted any of the fuel it recently removed from its reactor for nuclear weapons purposes.
"The improper sales practices were not limited to us, but we are the only company who has stepped up to the plate to express our regret and concern by making a refund offer," Mr. Sahner said.
Raw Spot for Alaskans Five years after the spill, the disaster remains a raw spot with many Alaskans.
The company also provides health insurance, with the employee paying about 30 percent of the costs.
And the proof was that it had rejected him.
And a group of freelance writers is suing several magazines and newspapers, including The New York Times and Newsday, over compensation for freelance articles that are reproduced in electronic media.
Last month a Federal court held that the university had violated the First Amendment in punishing him.
CHICAGO BLACKHAWKS -- Signed Gary Suter, defenseman, to a three-year contract.
That was enough to negate Tyrone Hughes's 86-yard return of a fumble by Ricky Watters for the Saints (4-8) and a second-quarter fumble by Young at the Saints' 12 that held the 49ers to a 20-14 lead at halftime.
We're never going to know if Tonya Harding really sat in with those four cretins and planned the most famous knee-whacking in American history.
If the formula sounds familiar, that's because it is.
), and because they provide us with evidence that was unavailable to or unsought by Mr. Brock, theirs is the better book.
Try for instance the gentler walk from the village of Watendlath via Dock Tarn to the village of Stonethwaite: it's only three miles, but it's three muscle-flexing miles.
Mark's medals fill up a travel bag like a treasure of doubloons.
But pro-independence people say this expression of public sentiment was a sham.
Although Mr. Maccarone urged caution in drawing inferences from such small numbers, he said: "The numbers are nevertheless significant.
He graduated from Wesleyan University and received his medical degree from Cornell University.
In Morristown, on the Hamilton Park Conference Center courts, it was the New Jersey Stars, starring Martina Navratilova, versus the Charlotte Express.
With Rolling Rocks planted firmly in hand, young women in clubs drag on Marlboros, perhaps under the illusion that doing so will help them resemble Uma Thurman, but then say they will not smoke again for months.
The F or D trains to West Eighth Street are very convenient.
As if refugees from a fashion shoot, a couple with limbs entwined dance down a street, watched with suspicion by a man in a half-covered doorway.
The Constitution sets Senate membership at 27, but Aristide forces have succeeded in expelling nine senators who were elected in an illegal vote on Jan. 18, 1993, and one seat is vacant.
A construction crane reeled outside the window, obstructing a prime view of the Juilliard School, where Mr. Moore was rehearsing the Mass in the evenings.
Fossils of the most primitive known turtle, Proganochelys, which lived in the late Triassic period some 240 million years ago, show a flexible skull similar to that of modern birds.
The gorgeous plates at Fantino are just one element in a room so filled with luxury that just walking through the door makes you feel pampered.
He glared at Oakley, and they exchanged words before players from both sides stepped in.
The latest work suggests that people may get so sick from the medicine itself that this offsets any health advantage of postponing full-blown AIDS.
The New York Times Company said yesterday that its board had authorized the repurchase of up to $100 million of its class A common shares.
But it was generally acknowledged yesterday that the sales record set by the show, which was already outselling every other show on Broadway, is attributable not so much to the Tony Awards themselves as to the CBS broadcast.
It includes items dating back from a family Bible in which the patriarch, Lion Gardiner, wrote a summary in 1635 of how he bought Gardiners Island.
Brian, he added, "deserves everything he has accomplished."
Now he controls them with a Supersoaker watergun, which he fills with a mixture of water and bleach.
But the publicity and marketing machine that put Ms. Tartt on the best-seller lists (and has so far, according to its publisher, netted over 200,000 copies in hard cover alone) will not grind nearly as hard for Mark Richard.
Mr. Howell also offers free full-day seminars in which customers can learn how to make espresso or cappuccino.
DENNIS C. VACCO , 42, Republican and Conservative.
"If I'd grown up in an Italian family, I'd probably have eaten squash blossoms," she said.
He was an early proponent of candid photography and one of the creators of modern photojournalism.
Quasar International Partners, a fund advised by George Soros, the New York financier, committed $28 million to the Vector fund last October.
Meanwhile, Mr. Carpico's partner, Kate Fucigna, had crawled inside the vehicle, blowing in oxygen through a hose because she could not directly reach the heads of the victims to resuscitate them.
Also spotted were Susan St. James, Melanie Griffith, Boomer Esiason and Peter Jennings.
He did not specify how many layoffs were planned, on top of the 4,500 layoffs Grumman and Northrop already planned for this year.
August sales fell to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 3.90 million units from a revised 3.97 million in July.
The picture at the left showed Mr. Clinton being greeted as he arrived in the House chamber.
The week's events, which will include photo exhibits, workshops, film showings and musical programs, have been organized by Amanaka'a, an advocacy group.
C. W. Post A titan has emerged on Long Island, the Pioneers from Brookville who start a new season tonight with a 10-game winning streak and enticing expectations.
The battle over the estate began a month after Colleen's death, when Mrs. Brindamour sued the driver of the pickup and his mother, who owned the truck.
Mr. Kendall said the Clintons had felt compelled to pay the taxes and interest owed even though they were no longer legally bound to do so.
Some capital gains on which to pay taxes.
'Don't Want to Believe It' After the shooting, Officer Thompson approached Officer Del-Debbio and found him bleeding and insisting that he was a police officer.
The police said that the two men were alone in the room about 1 P.M. and that after Mr. Thompson left, a security guard who went into the room discovered Mr. Figueroa's body.
Donald Newhouse was traveling yesterday and could not be reached for comment and S. I. Newhouse did not return phone calls.
The Hawks, playing for the fifth time in seven days, won for the fifth time in six games.
Men who had up to six drinks a week also ran a lower risk than the nondrinkers.
Is the income tax really responsible, as Mr. Rowland and Mr. Scott argue, for Connecticut's bumpy low-grade recovery from the recession?
Colonel Beckwith's 30-year military career included commanding daring missions in Vietnam and training the Army's antiterrorist Delta Team, also known as "Charlie's Angels."
White House officials began to realize they had lost their grip over the latest twists practically at the stroke of the New Year.
But the prejudices against older workers are so ingrained, people who have studied the issue say, they defy logic and hard data.
In London and then back in New York, we've been going to so-called advanced aerobics classes together a few times a week.
Besides, there was no reason for concern, said Omar Ajarmeh, a Jordanian official who peered out of the Bedouin tent at the rain and said firmly, "We will have better weather tomorrow."
The college cautioned women against assuming that it was safe to continue their prepregnancy levels of exercise unless they were first examined by a doctor for possible complicating factors that could place their pregnancy or unborn child at undue risk.
Television without shoot-'em-ups is unimaginable.
And freshmen -- lots and lots of freshmen -- knew neither.
The American study looked at 681 pairs of male twins in which one brother had smoked and died of lung cancer.
Heavy-metal bands regularly brag about their groupie encounters to fan magazines; gangster rappers save the boasts for their albums.
Another, apparently final, meeting is set for Thursday.
The officials said they were particularly concerned about the spread of superstores like Price/Costco's.
The President replied, 'Tell that to Mrs.
General Manager GENE MICHAEL said a couple of teams asked about Tartabull, but lost interest when his shoulder surgery was delayed about a month until Nov. 30.
All in all, said Mr. DiStefano, a perfect day at the mall.
That's what the arts do.
Ms. Packer's tales, marked by an emotional distance that shifts into sudden moments of intimacy, are best savored slowly.
Monday night's episode even featured a sepia-toned segment devoted to Mr. Cuomo's brief foray into minor league ball, when the 19-year-old center fielder was signed by the Pittsburgh Pirates and sent to their Brunswick, Ga., farm team.
And of course all the poor man wanted to know was how much vision I had."
When he left Kidder, Mr. Madden was in charge of investment banking.
Israelis Take to Shelters On this side of the border, many Israelis stayed off the streets and prepared for a second night in their shelters in case rockets started falling again.
Net income for 1992 included net realized gains from investments of $ 148 million taken to maintain capital and surplus to offset the impact of Hurricane Andrew.
Mr. Browning does not include it.
Ford said it would manufacture the cars, starting in about a year, at one of its European plants.
"If they were in my neighborhood, I'd want them to leave.
's director of information, said of Evans, "He verbally abused the referee and shoved him away and then continued and charged the referee and further abused him verbally."
This month Wang breaks out of bridal with a collection of evening clothes (pure fashion, no compromise) that makes its debut in stores across the country, including I. Magnin, Barneys, Saks Fifth Avenue and Neiman Marcus.
Here tonight is one of those community policemen, a brave young detective, Kevin Jett, whose beat is eight square blocks in one of the toughest neighborhoods in New York.
"Dan Marino has come back.
The memoirs of the actor.
Even when he puts all his cards on the table, defender Alexi Lalas says, he still keeps a deck in his pocket.
"We are already pushing the bounds of attractiveness, sexuality, human well-being.
Pain said in a television interview.
Cabinet members are as thick on the ground as movie moguls in Los Angeles these days, led by Transportation Secretary Federico F. Pena and Housing Secretary Henry G. Cisneros.
This most recent neighborhood is an area that, if viewed through the windshield of a touring car, would seem to be getting a fair shake for its poor and working poor these days.
Still a Paramount Division Paramount, whose book businesses include Simon & Schuster and Pocket Books, issued a statement yesterday praising Mr. Glikes and emphasizing that even without him, the Free Press would continue as a Paramount division.
The career of a breakthrough artist has a peculiar shape.
The awkward agreement comes just two days before Prime Minister Hosokawa is scheduled to depart for Washington, where he will hold a critical summit meeting with President Clinton.
"There are some conditions for peace now," the official said.
The announcement from the Korean Central News Agency, the Government's official mouthpiece, quoted an unnamed Foreign Ministry official as saying that the agency's demand to take samples from the fuel rods, which could reveal how much fuel North Korea has harvested in past years, was unreasonable.
These days, stoneware crocks are up.
"I have the right to an opinion which I can express freely, and I have the right to a passport which I couldn't dream of before," he said.
Because the pardons left Mr. Walsh without any significant convictions, he is expected to use the report to detail his suspicions that senior officials closed ranks and concocted stories and used other ploys to derail his work.
After Spanish and French, the most popular foreign language at the University of Rochester is American Sign Language.
"You get people who worked together for years and now they're fighting each other," said Carman Prisco, 68, a retired carpenter who has served on the City Council for five years and has lived in largely rural Orange County all his life.
That means, for example, that black voters could concentrate all their votes on one black candidate, overcoming their numerical minority in the county.
"It would require more resources, more ships than we have located here to do that," he said.
The $5.9 million redesign, which will feature new granite sidewalks and curbs and hexagonal paving stones like the ones around Central Park's edges, will make Frawley Circle as impressive an entrance to the park as those at Columbus Circle and Grand Army Plaza, said Lisa Daglian, a spokeswoman for the Department of Transportation, which is overseeing the work.
Low-income buildings would not pay but would still be patrolled.
"We want to know how they want the deer problem dealt with," Mr. de Cillia said.
But the World Cup is coming and at Reyna's creative feet has been tossed this bouquet of expectation: the future of American soccer.
"Otherwise, it's impossible to make sense out of them."
Dr. Riddle notes in his article, which examines the science behind some of the old nostrums, that a plant related to silphium, Ferula moschata, is used as a folk medicine today in Central Asia to induce abortions.
Some of the most intriguing European pieces -- Yves Klein's zany blue sponge perched like a blossom on a metal rod; Piero Manzoni's wiglike spray of fiberglass; Sigmar Polke's photo-derived painting "Bride," its Ben Day dots enlarged to the size of bullet holes -- look marooned in their oddity here.
"Yeah, that was frustrating," Rayner said yesterday.
It will be his first such assignment on the major league level.
But I'll go down the toilet.
The purpose of Contemporary Civilization, according to the College Announcement of 1919, was to prepare each student for "an intelligent participation in the civilization of his own day."
Push a button, hear him speak.
"To put words into somebody else's mouth is not right.
Hikers will appreciate a pool for the end of the day.
His detachment is faintly annoying but mostly restful.
But it was the losing struggle in 1937 over Gandesa, in northeastern Spain, that immortalized his fight in a civil war song, "The Battle of Gandesa."
The boats would leave at 25-minute intervals seven days a week, Mr. Davis said.
But Montana said: "If I take a good shot, then I might be out two weeks.
Unless, of course, you are a commuter and are creeping through the Holland, thinking it will take years to get to the other side.
Maj. Henry F. Tempel of the Salvation Army is grateful for the clothing and furniture donations that he sells to finance an adult rehabilitation center.
The futures market rocketed last week in response to strong housing sales figures, but the snowy weather that hit the East Coast Monday and yesterday cooled the speculative fever, analysts said.
Most of their business is casino-related; casino employees make up the regulars and casino guests take up the slack.
Angel Miranda (2-5) snapped a five-game losing streak, winning for the first time since July 3.
A dozen raw oysters cost $6.50, and a fried oyster sandwich is $5.50, excluding tax and tip.
Call to Battle Moreover, the staunch backers of universal coverage in the Senate say that if they fight for the principle, they might just win.
Shares of the company rose 50 cents today, to $38.75, on the New York Stock Exchange.
But there was little evidence that Mr. Giuliani or his surrogates had conducted any meaningful lobbying.
There was no information on any army casualties.
Mr. Van Doren, too, was drawn into the deception, buying himself a few short months of wealth and fame.
Unlike the Rangers, the Giants aren't suing a "faithless" coach.
Although NATO rejected a formal special relationship with Russia, it acknowledged that Russia's size, history and military capabilities indeed make it special.
Many store owners who need to make minor changes apparently forgo them or risk violation notices rather than follow the application procedure.
129, for the last names of the coding system's inventors: Dr. Ronald Rivest of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Dr. Adi Shamir of the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovoth, Israel, and Dr. Leonard Adleman of the University of Southern California.
One Teledyne unit involved in those suits was suspended temporarily last year from receiving Government contracts.
No matter what a diner orders, he will find no heavy sauces, little butter or oil, nothing drenched in dressing or sauce and different vegetables with every dish.
She was making fun of my eyes watering -- you see it?
Several software companies, including Mr. Moler's, have already used computer networks to distribute free software fixes that work around the chip error by doing division in software rather than hardware.
Italy and France are moving to privatize state-owned weapons builders.
To keep up the pressure, the President should endorse the balanced budget amendment.
He said, 'That sounds fair.
Every time the urge to write a letter dies stillborn in me, I am making the world I rail against.
Here are the components: *Laplink V: Attaching the two computers with either a serial or a parallel cable (both are included), you can copy files or whole directories or subdirectories from one to another.
It took a few years for that to become a normal part of our society before the arts caught up."
For his part, Mr. Coles decided that he wanted to go back to school.
Ladle the cherry juice over the bread and make sure that all of the bread is completely saturated with juice.
GALLERY TOUR, Lower East Side Tenement Museum, 90 Orchard Street, 6 to 7 P.M. Also, "Thriving and Surviving in a Village Called New York," a presentation of stories, oral histories and personal experiences by Roslyn Bresnick-Perry, 7 to 8 P.M. Information: (212) 431-0233.
In 1989 a Government commission found that the logging industry was "out of control," both because of Government incompetence and because so many Government officials had been paid off by the logging companies.
If Americans are given a choice between spaghetti with meat balls or with marinara sauce, the meatballs win hands down.
"Do we tell them or is there power in the unknown?"
And others felt the same.
's want this test done."
It can move a lot more quickly than it has to lower agricultural and other trade barriers.
Beat in two tablespoons of the sugar and two tablespoons of the flour.
The central image of the Bosnian war was repeated yet again in Sarajevo today when Muslim men, women and children expelled by Serbs from eastern Bosnia trudged across a city bridge clutching their only remaining possessions in a few ragged sacks.
"I scraped together the $4,400 from friends and relatives.
In addition, it does not require evidence of insurability.
At the moment, some of the most innovative wine lists in town highlight Italian wines.
"Most managing agents are at a minimum obligated to notify the tenant engaging in allegedly objectionable activity," Mr. Davis said.
The Mets won the World Series that year because of pitchers named Seaver and Koosman and McGraw.
: John Roden exploded into the end zone on 76-and 1-yard carries, as BETHPAGE (4-0) blanked NEW HYDE PARK (3-1), 36-0.
Volunteer community efforts turned into professional groups.
The authors frequently refer to bell curves to make a point: that predictions about any individual based exclusively on his or her I.Q.
There's something about skiing on this side of the Atlantic that agrees with Cary Mullen of Canada.
Adding to Mr. Cortines's frustration, school officials said, is the fact that members of the seven-member board's majority faction, who hired him in September in a 4-to-3 vote, have found it difficult to back him during the budget battle, partly because of the ambiguous positions of two influential majority members: Ninfa Segarra, the Bronx representative, who is also a Deputy Mayor, and Michael Petrides, the Staten Island representative, who is an unpaid mayoral adviser.
Mr. Shea, for one, thinks the big deals are done and that investors can now benefit from the old shareholders' pain.
Interest rates have climbed by more than a percentage point in five months, and the American economy is beginning to feel the pinch.
The United States has decided to press for a United Nations resolution demanding that North Korea open up its nuclear sites to international monitors despite objections from China, American officials said today.
Three months after the murder, 87 people died in the Happy Land Social Club fire in the Tremont section of the Bronx.
And I'm very very reasonable."
Other Latin American stocks also recovered.
I just want to beat him."
By Friday, it had closed at $43.50.
Mr. Dole said the Democratic leader, Senator George J. Mitchell, had been more persuasive with Republicans than he himself had been.
He touched off a debate among scientists in his later years, for example, by vigorously advocating that vitamin C, if taken in large-enough doses, would build up the immune systems in humans and protect them against infectious diseases.
Only 40 percent of the respondents listed themselves as very interested or somewhat interested in baseball, while 60 percent said they were not interested.
Cross scored 11 straight points during one stretch in the second half for the Gators (21-4, 11-2 in the Southeastern Conference), who are in first place in the league's East Division.
Her mother is a special-education teacher for the Half Hollow Hills School District in Dix Hills, L.I.
Rolando Blackman started the second half at small forward in place of Bonner and scored 13 points, one of five Knicks who reached double figures.
Finally allowed to be themselves, and bolstered by the weeklong celebrations of Stonewall 25, performers are increasingly pulverizing traditional images of gay men and lesbians as society's outsiders.
"We're paying the price," he said.
Mr. Puttnam, the producer of "Chariots of Fire" and "The Killing Fields," was here for last-minute work on "The Burning Season," which he produced for HBO.
Aside from having more room and more power than any other full-size pickup, it is flat-out fun.
It was not a fear of guns that brought Louis Ramos, a 25-year-old supermarket stock clerk, to the 34th Precinct station house.
At the preliminary hearing, one neighbor of Mrs. Simpson testified that he began to hear the "plaintive wail" of a dog from the direction of her town house about 10:15.
His Faust has passively accepted capitalism as easily as he used to swallow totalitarianism.
"I am an artist, not a politician," said Mr. Aung Than as he turned his gaze once more to the mural, which would probably have been considered evidence of sedition if it had been painted only a few years ago.
Of the 22 examples, 15 are bold statements of one or two images in clear colors -- stars, flowers, American flags, squares-within-squares, trees and snowflakes.
"It makes life a lot easier and our funding more secure."
When the building developer, Prentiss Properties, refused to give in, Mr.
character who also conforms to team play.
Here is a roundup of some other special programs for older travelers, some changes in continuing programs and further details on the American Express senior card and the organizations that have linked up with it.
Nobody is more of a hero than the other."
We played right next door here.
Like other residents in Saugerties and Bethel, Severin Koninkiewicz, an 80-year-old former soldier in the Polish and American armies in World War II, believes it is not too early to ready a battle plan for the concert that would take place across the road from his tiny wood-and-brick house here.
They'd fly to Africa and come back because they had children who didn't have the power to fly and had to stay on the plantation").
The fiercest reaction came from the Roman Catholic Church, vigilant of the morals of the nation with the world's largest Catholic population.
In campaign appearances, Mr. Kohl insisted that many of his supporters would vote split tickets, as they often have in the past.
With real metal studs and an actual zipper, as well as a silver buckle on the belt, "Hot Schott" looks real enough to emit the smell of leather.
Mrs. Parker has not yet published her results.
I'm a little concerned that Boggs and Mattingly and Key and Stanley cannot have the seasons they had last year, but Paul O'Neill is going to force the Yankees to play him every day in right field and Bobby Ojeda is coming back from the brink of disaster to pitch in a city he can handle.
In a recent conversation there, he was manifestly delighted at the opportunity to discuss his unique contribution to music history.
At the same time, Mr. Schonfeld said that his network is expanding.
In 1924 Mr. Davidoff went to South America, spending several years there and in Cuba, where, he said, he learned everything he knew about cigars.
"He's the best basketball player I ever coached and one of the greatest kids I've ever been involved with," said Calhoun.
9 Enter at 100th Street and Central Park West or 97th Street and Fifth Avenue (800) 201-7275 Recommended ages: 3 to 12 Tomorrow Last year, Bruce Cannon, a puppeteer at the Swedish Cottage Marionette Theater in Central Park, was the bunny who presides over this annual contest.
Most of them are of the majority Hutu ethnic group whose flight was first prompted by civil war and is now fueled by fear that the victorious rebel army, the Rwanda Patriotic Front, will avenge the mass killings of members of the minority Tutsi ethnic group.
For more than a year in the early 1970's, Mr. Benton tried futilely to write a comedy, based on the 1913 invasion of Mexico, for Paul Newman, who wanted to direct it.
This is not a decision I can defer to aides.
Like most arena bands, Rush provides spectacle.
They then drove to San Francisco, where they carjacked a BMW near Franklin and Pine Streets around 6:40 P.M. Late tonight, the police did not know the whereabouts of the woman whose car was stolen.
"I regret that President Assad did not take the opportunity to say in public what he said to me in private about his deep regret about the loss of innocent lives and particularly the bus bombing," Mr. Clinton said.
"We had too many mistakes come up in the game that stopped drives," said George Henshaw, the offensive coordinator.
To the Editor: "Oregon, Foiling Forecasters, Thrives as It Protects Owls" (front page, Oct. 11) shows that timber industry warnings that protecting the spotted owl would lead to economic collapse of timber communities were false.
In the fall, the wild rice will turn brown and draw mobs of arctic wildfowl winging southward along the great Atlantic flyway.
Rhena Anne Levine, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Seymour Levine of Brooklyn, is to be married today to Stuart Harris Waldman, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Jerome Waldman of East Northport, L.I.
Tickets to the full series are $50 and include a "Don Pasquale" Home Activity Book and a party with the cast.
She interviewed prostitutes, pondered sex studies and researched tattooing, body-piercing and S & M courses like "Beg!
Many residents in the Park Hill apartment complex say Officer Brown struck Mr. Sayon after the suspect's hands were handcuffed.
In the hands of most former film makers, the novel might be a watered-down version of the movie.
Billings were estimated at $8 million to $10 million.
After years of criticism that the test was unreliable and biased against women and minorities, the College Board, the nonprofit organization that sponsored the test for 68 years, revised the S.A.T.
I did not know how it would come out.
In a White House ceremony on Wednesday, a belated celebration of the Razorbacks' championship season, the President remarked, "I did get some of those patented Razorback basketball pants which would, if I could ever figure out how to run in them without tripping over my ankles, end all those unseemly comments about my legs, because they go down below my knees."
Replied Mr. Foley: "That is an extraordinary statement to make in this city.
Tyson, based in Springdale, Ark., is the country's largest poultry producer, with annual sales of about $4.7 billion.
"The Merry Wives of Windsor" (lasting 2 hours 15 minutes) is performed once a day, at 2:30 P.M.; "The Merchant's Tale" (45 minutes), twice, at 12:15 and 3:15 P.M. -- both in all-Actors' Equity productions.
Representative Ron Klink, a Pennsylvania Democrat, told of an ailing relative whose "net worth is shrinking faster than his weight" because of uninsured medical costs, and added, "Americans should not work their entire lives only to lose all their assets in a few months or a few years."
Advertisers that have combined accounts at a single agency, or handful of agencies, include the Colgate-Palmolive Company and Reebok International.
It's harvest time in upstate New York, but there will be more than apples for the picking this weekend, when 40 artists and artisans in Warwick Valley, N.Y., 50 miles northwest of New York City, open their studios to the public.
The menu's hot grilled vegetables were another hit.
All have the potential to be impact players.
At this moment the arts need all the unlikely friends they can get.
My stomach had given up grumbling and died.
Robert I. Friedman: 25,000 saboteurs of peace.
Wall Street firms transform securities backed by mortgages into myriad variations known as collateralized mortgage obligations.
I may step outside and look for a shot.
Yet, Intuit is only trading at $67.25 a share.
In your own words, you have now given them the challenge to furnish the house of Israel and make it a home.
The legislative leaders advance their own theories on why the other side will not close.
Or would you veto it?
"With more than 40 years of experience in retirement management in the pension operation of MONY and Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York, we are known for developing sound quality retirement programs that reflect the objectives of each plan sponsor," Mr. Cumming said.
"We keep hearing stories that they have been heavily influenced by East German coaches.
Fordham officials minimized the obstacles between the current state of the Rams and the eventual challenges of Temple and Massachusetts.
The document instead calls for governments to make special efforts to "enhance the integration of the children of long-term migrants."
The barge that fouled San Juan with oil is one of 19 expelled from New York State waters nearly three years ago because of pollution violations by the owners, the Frank family of New York and New Jersey.
Maybe we ought to refuse welfare benefits to the parents of illegitimate children.
"This is only our second year," she said.
"The fund company will say it's business as usual, but a change in ownership is a legitimate concern for fund shareholders," said Don Phillips, vice president of Morningstar Mutual Funds, in Chicago.
Why won't you pick up the phone?'
If that sounds like Mr. Forsyth's definition of humanity, it eventually emerges as exactly that.
The area near the pier, on North 11th Street off Kent Avenue, is known for occasional drug use and prostitution, said residents and police officers who were interviewed yesterday near the spot.
Mr. Albano said he had gone through three judges before finding one who would hear the case.
William Morris, a lexicographer and publishing executive who edited the American Heritage Dictionary and the Grolier Universal Encyclopedia, died on Sunday in Riverside Hospital in Columbus, Ohio.
"And the real estate has become too valuable to keep a three-month-a-year operation going."
Of the current issue, $130 million would be devoted to providing new community homes and repairing existing ones, under a spending plan yet to be devised.
Baschi had a very good restaurant, La Marroca, named for the ancient terra-cotta head of an Etruscan goddess or witch found in the area.
Connecticut Democrats had a brush with political death four years ago when their candidate for governor got just under 21 percent of the vote, in the three-way contest that elected Lowell Weicker.
15 15 38 THE HIDDEN LIFE OF DOGS, by Elizabeth Marshall Thomas.
In Chiron's case, the shares started to move up last fall in anticipation of the F.D.A.
He said the Sigma Phi brothers were surprised but cooperative, unlocking the room's steel door for the police.
Supplies are arriving sporadically at the airports at Goma, Zaire, and Ngara, Tanzania.
"You can interpret it either way you want."
Prosecutors identified the Gambino brothers as distant relatives of Carlo Gambino, who law-enforcement authorities say headed the crime group from 1956 until his death in 1976.
And this country, which is the size of France and has a population of 52 million, is also endowed with a strategic location and access to ports that give it a better chance at fast integration with the world economy than most of the other republics of the former Soviet Union, according to a World Bank assessment.
's requirement for six victories against I-A schools.
To the Editor: Ralph Cavanagh argues that allowing electricity consumers to choose their suppliers (called retail wheeling or direct access) will be bad for the environment.
That law, aimed mainly at organized crime, punishes people and organizations that operate through a pattern of criminal activity, defined as committing two or more crimes like extortion or arson.
Cooking the duck at 400 degrees for 45 minutes helps melt away excess fat.
Flooding from faucets that were turned on and then forgotten.
The delegates included representatives of peasant groups and community organizations, as well as teachers and health workers who were mostly from Chiapas.
But he misstates the case when he says I accused him of "bias."
"Arafat's been existing all these years in an outlaw state," said Mary E. Morris, associate director of the Greater Middle East Studies Center at the Rand Corporation.
Across the street from the digital computer lab was a computer system known as Plato, which was an experimental computer-based education system.
A Long-Time Clouter Mudge Rose prides itself on its political muscle and connections.
Unlimited ride passes and commuter discounts would contribute to making the system more user-friendly and attractive to riders, as London Transport learned after introducing a variety of unlimited ride passes (daily, weekly, monthly and yearly).
More tests were planned after an autopsy failed to determine the cause of death, he said.
Around the PRI headquarters, the sidewalks were crowded with bewildered people, some crying into their cellular telephones, others looking as if they had lost their way.
"It is not decent what you've done," she said.
"Now it's very clear who is responsible for continuing the war."
"We don't want to tip our hand competitively," she said, noting that the company patented many ideas that were not commercialized.
I was Gerhart then, not Jerry.
Even now, the hotel gift shops sell detailed maps to prosperous Japanese tourists who want to find the particularly hellish spots where their ancestors were imprisoned -- and usually killed -- when Moscow entered the fray against Tokyo at the end of World War II.
Fortunately, a copy was leaked to the Federation of American Scientists.
And in addition to discouraging marriage, they say, income disparity may encourage divorce in the black middle-class, although to a lesser degree than it does among lower economic groups in which a husband or prospective husband may have no income at all.
Cuomo Urges Cooperation "Somebody could have been target shooting in the woods," said Maj. Anthony J. DiResta, the troop commander of the state police barracks here, at a new conference called after Gov.
An employee weighing whether to take a bribe knows the "door is wide open," said James Dorcy, senior investigator of corruption cases from 1980 to 1990.
Village Administrator Margaret Slavin said that Dobbs Ferry had spent $27,573 so far this fiscal year (since last July), on court, clerical and police overtime costs associated with the protests at the Women's Medical Pavilion.
"We must have both," Mr. Chretien has insisted that China would change through what he called "increased mutual understanding and contact."
They played plenty hard tonight.
SCOTT B. DIAMOND Decatur, Ill., Jan. 20, 1994
People wearing name tags, peering at exhibits and booths, accepting product samples, stuffing giveaway items like pens and key chains into their pockets -- all that is rarely associated with ground-breaking change.
Angela Lettiere and Mark Merklein have that look on their faces -- the one of hopeful confusion shared by all recent college graduates.
The Knicks' coach only packed one suit for the trip.
She developed early signs of Alzheimer's in 1992 and lived in a residence for the elderly until last month, when she moved to a Bronx nursing home.
A1 ABORTION STRUGGLE IN CAIRO After a day of closed-door talks in Cairo that pitted Vatican diplomats against many other delegates, the United Nations population conference failed to reach a compromise on the issue of abortion.
Virtually every dish on the menu sounds appealing.
They have liabilities of $826,000, most of it from mortgages on his real estate, and the campaign put their net worth at $929,250.
While Fort Lee has been feuding with the Port Authority for years, it has escalated its threats now, the Mayor suggested, because Port Authority police officers have reduced arrests on the bridge since 1992 -- a charge that the Port Authority denies.
The moratorium continues, but when it is lifted, collisions may rise again.
ABC appears to have gained some prime-time market share recently with a handful of successful new programs, including "Thunder Alley."
Her mother is a freelance writer.
Kevin Harlan (Fox) -- Baritone can make worm races exciting.
If you've ever thought of putting a few bottles away to age, this would be a good one to start with.
The White House nominated him as Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Trade Development in late 1985 and then withdrew his name without explanation in early 1986.
Some teams would be thrilled to trade records with the Knicks (12-8).
In the wake of broad Democratic losses in last month's elections, Mr. Clinton's quick rejection of a recommendation that could have become the target of conservative groups may reflect his sensitivity to anything that might reinforce public perceptions of his Administration as sympathetic to a liberal agenda.
Have you noticed that engineers who tell you that methanol is the additive of choice are oil company owners, employees, chemists and engineers?
The bride is a therapist at the Post Graduate Center for Mental Health in New York.
All those tired sequels (the highpoint of Walt Disney's "Sister Act 2" was the final credits) underlined the creative vacuum that has seized the studios.
were as paranoid about Philby's all-powerful, unfathomable deceptiveness as James Angleton was.
Public School 67, formerly the High School of the Performing Arts, 120 West 46th Street, a late 19th-century Romanesque Revival school, restored by the Department of General Services and the Board of Education, Jack L. Gordon Architects, Stanley Goldstein Consulting Engineers and Urban Substructures Inc.
If it does not find support at $380, the market could fall to $375 or lower before demand picks up in the spring, he said.
It ignores issues like unemployment, political repression and housing shortages that many say contribute to the rise of Islamic fundamentalism.
Mix the mushrooms with the garlic, parsley and thyme; pack this mixture tightly into the cavity of the chicken.
It led the fight against fascism before World War II, it played a key role in the Resistance against Nazi occupiers, it was the single largest party in the late 1940's and, in the early 1970's, Washington again worried that it could reach power.
Recent lunatic attacks on the White House had the President's Secret Service guards in an unusually keen state of alert.
"It was a radicalizing experience, radicalizing because what we saw was really, really horrible," he said.
The California Senate race, the most expensive Congressional race ever and one of the most vituperative, ground through its last full day of campaigning today, with the outcome of Tuesday's voting but a guess.
Abortion Battle A taste of that debate came in the only committee that met today, the Senate Labor Committee.
Elie Wiesel is to speak, and 100 Holocaust survivors whose names appeared on Schindler's list are to join Mr. Spielberg on the dais.
is just the most extreme example of what is happening throughout the country.
"We put 13,000 patients into the 20-month trial," he said.
"Random House should have developed a contract specifically designed for unagented authors who have no other way to handle the tangle of rights," he said.
I also walk her dog, take her to the grocery store and do whatever tasks in and around the house are necessary.
C20 Dance: David Dorfman troupe.
It's just the enormity of the situation."
There was more bad news on the Islander injury list.
Obviously, he was referring to what happened off the court.
But the other night, when the USA Network had time to kill after Agassi wiped out Muster, instead of showing highlights of Martin's afternoon quarterfinal, it went into the can for Jimmy Connors versus Paul Haarhuis, 1991.
We can expect more updates and two-boxes as TBN's techies grow more comfortable.
Bill's team is a family.
He received a degree from the Graduate School of Journalism at Columbia University in 1937 and won a Pulitzer traveling scholarship.
Huddled inside are several bottles of water, a tired papaya and, in the freezer, an icy still life composed of vodka, Haagen-Dazs and rolls of foreign currency, each curled at the ready in its own little glass.
Even when they don't show up for work, we must think about them.
"We'd peek into houses that were once grand but were abandoned and falling down, and see all the furniture with the layers of paint from different generations," she said.
We should push Congress to protect the places that sustain First Americans' spiritual needs.
Three citations can be found in the Oxford English Dictionary, the most famous being the passage from the poet Robert Southey's 1801 narrative poem, "Thalaba the Destroyer," an epic about an Arabian hero fighting the forces of evil: "The winter torrent rolls/Down the deep-channell'd rain-course, foamingly."
"For so many years, I did yes-man work, just to survive."
-- Cindy to Tess in "Working Girl" Yes, many of us come from large, loud ethnic families and have learned to squawk rapidly to be heard.
Is there a date assigned for a first draft, revisions?
Ms. Kunin tells how she came to be a three-term Governor of Vermont and develops the thesis that a "woman's political culture," with the power to transform politics benignly, has arisen and is growing in this country.
"This has saved all the buildings together about $17 million in interest," said Neil Kreisel of Kreisel Co., which devised the plan and acted on the behalf of the co-ops in negotiating the transaction.
She is survived by a daughter, Kate Witkin, of Harrison, N.Y.; two sons, Dr. Allan Friedlich of Belmont, Mass., and Bruce Friedlich of New York, eight grandchildren and four great-grandchildren.
With this act, we want to give a positive sign, a beautiful, illuminating signal that fosters hope, courage and self-confidence."
He is survived by his wife, Ruth.
They don't beat themselves; they take good shots and take care of the ball."
It will be organized by Clive Phillpot, former chief librarian at the Museum of Modern Art, and Carlo McCormick, an art critic.
What if he returns to his corner and his new trainer, Don Turner, can't figure out the button to push?
Both men belong to a group of 45 West Village business owners that recently appealed to the Mayor and the Borough President to change street fair policies.
The officers who were disciplined today were identified by the Police Department as Police Officers Blake Struller, 29; Arquimedes Santiago, 38; Peter Piccoli, 30; Wilbur Quinones, 37; Steven Laski, 30; James Gallagher, 27; David Benitez, 31; Matthew Barrett, 30; Armando Palacio, 33; Richard F. Legarda, 34, and Stephen Morrissey, 32.
Listen, the next time you see a two-story house, lay on your back and look up at the roof.
"Today's action will raise further concern over this among all the United States' trading partners."
He also said Mr. Gingrich improperly used his House office and employees to support the course.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
"It's very puzzling," one astronomer said.
Mr. Cuomo has spoken twice to Mr. Pataki since Tuesday, once to congratulate him and once to discuss transition plans and the state's fiscal condition.
"Ms. Allende's ambit is large; she offers pity and terror," he said.
Moreover, he added, both World War I and the Pacific war with Japan started to some degree because German and Japanese economic expansion could not be accommodated by the regional and global economic systems of their day.
Though Mexico has just gone through a multi-party election, it remains essentially a one-party state.
For example, the Ahrens estimate their custom home would sell today for $80,000 less than the market value of a comparable house elsewhere in Glouchester County.
Yesterday, Mr. Giuliani said, "That's kind of role that the Department of Investigation could play."
The singularity of North Porch is apparent in the fact that the accomplishment of getting through 10 years is less important to those involved than the accomplishment of helping mothers get through the last 10 days of each month.
TOM KITE, 44, is aching to add another major to his resume.
Identification makes us feel as if we've done our duty.
This drop came in spite of a second straight undefeated season for the Quakers and extension of the winning streak to 21, a Division I-AA record.
"There is no reason for this business to dissolve except that some partners could not live with others."
The notch includes the highest point on any publicly maintained road in New Hampshire (3,008 feet), and is wild enough to suggest what these notches were like when no roads ran through them.
Jovanovski Goes First Jovanovski, a 6-2, 205-pound defenseman who played for the Windsor Spitfires of the Ontario Hockey League, was the first player drafted, by the Florida Panthers who preferred him to Radek Bonk, the Czech ranked No.
"I'm just sick of hearing that name -- Kennedy, Kennedy, Kennedy this, Kennedy that," said Richard Collari, a 28-year-old registered independent who is a salesman at a garden equipment rental store in the Boston suburb of Natick.
It's hard work, spending hours on the streets on days when only snowmen are happy.
"He's a die-hard Jets guy," Cindrich said of Sweeney.
The Hoyas trounced St. John's, 60-49, to even their Big East record at 2-2 and build their overall mark to 8-3.
After Administration officials approached him to succeed Secretary Les Aspin, Mr. Inman said he re-examined his records and agreed to pay $6,000 to the Internal Revenue Service to clear his record.
The trade was part of the state's Regional Clean Air Incentives Market program, under which companies are given pollution credits.
A diamond to the king lost to the ace, and West led his remaining spade.
Mr. Smalley saw not only its merit but also its possibilities.
It is these same nitrosamines that researchers at the University of Southern California School of Medicine think might be the culprit in the higher incidence of leukemia among 232 children in Los Angeles.
All those bidding will be white, she said, except for a black man representing a free black trying to buy his wife's freedom.
We begrudge money spent imprisoning criminal addicts and begrudge money to make prison at least of some use -- no drug therapy, no parole.
If one year ago Monday an investor had tucked away $1,000 in the Corrections Corporation of America, he would now have about $1,880 worth of stock, a handsome growth rate of some 88 percent.
She's a model-actress-singer-whatever who has crossed over almost as many careers in her short, happy life as has Madonna -- and at half her age.
A month ago, polls showed voters prepared to give the Social Democrats at least half the ballots cast, suggesting that Mr. Carlsson might win a parliamentary majority outright for the first time in three decades.
Where blame is due, it should be spread around.
But Munoz was not bitter toward the Yankees and is excited about the opportunity to close games for Philadelphia, a chance that he probably would not have received in New York.
"There's a big surge for it in education," said Helen Hiebert, who leads this workshop with Ken Polinskie.
Tim is more horrified than I am, if that is possible, and goes from being a delightful, funny and warm person to a catatonic who stares at his feet when I walk in.
Robin Melissa Kantor, a daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Steven Kantor of Grymes Hill, S.I., is to be married today to Alan David Belsky, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Martin Belsky of Malvern, Pa.
When Christie returns, the Knicks will face another roster decision.
can hover like ghosts on an afternoon like this, and makes his way wearily up the busy thoroughfare of Martin Luther King Jr. Drive.
challenged Mr. Hynes's campaign manager, Lew Fidler.
But there were signs that the failure of the talks did not mark a complete breakdown in the increasingly strained relations between two of the world's greatest trading powers.
A settlement could take years to reach.
Another good way to begin is with the special Indonesia and Malaysia cakes, made of glutinous rice rolled around a minced fish mixture, steamed in banana leaf and served with a tomato-chili dipping sauce.
His father retired as a senior vice president at Irving Trust in New York.
He is not expected to make major changes in the ideological direction of the Assembly, although some members said he may be more forceful and more attentive to detail than Mr. Weprin.
A jury of eight blacks and four whites was chosen today in the third trial of Byron De La Beckwith, a 73-year-old white supremacist, in the slaying of the civil rights leader Medgar Evers more than 30 years ago.
This flies in the face of the realities on the Korean peninsula.
Despite the rivalry between fans of Callas and Tebaldi, he argued, "It's very easy to like both."
Lothar Matthaus, the German captain, appeared perturbed about all the talk of retirement from national duty by several of his teammates, a talk, that he felt was untimely.
The French Government said it had traced Carlos to Khartoum and persuaded the Sudanese Government to arrest and deport him.
Now that the state requires all children younger than 7 who are seen by a doctor to be tested for the contaminant, the number of recorded cases is expected to rise.
Spain is personified as a woman carrying a globe in her hands like a Christmas pudding, while several Indians huddle beseechingly behind her.
MICHAEL A. BURSTEIN Forest Hills, Queens, Aug. 21, 1994
"How can I call the woman I've worshiped all my life just plain Kate?
Executives now must share computer systems and support staff such as auditors.
The disease caused by the fungus, potato late blight, shows up in two ways: in shriveled foliage of potato plants during the growing season and in rotting potatoes after they are harvested.
"We feel free," he said.
By 10 P.M., the authorities were putting the death toll from the cold snap at 130, and it was expected to continue rising until the weekend, when a break in temperatures was expected in some areas.
RESOLUTION: The hospital has a harassment policy, but it does not cover part-time employees.
The purpose was to assure that they carried no Slavic, Jewish or other blood that would make them unsuitable as progenitors of a "pure" Germanic tribe, and also to determine whether they might be carriers of hereditary disorders.
The road never opened, peace never came, and Serbs never gave up their hold on about one-quarter of Croatia.
Her father is the president of Martin Meirowitz & Company, a textile manufacturer in New York.
He and Doughty talked about buying their first guns.
Mr. Ryan said that he expected the city and the school board to approve the agreement before June.
On Labor Day weekend, there is no excuse not to have fun, fun, fun.
In 1979, when the Canadiens won the cup at home in The Forum, Serge Savard took it and quickly handed it to his friend Jacques Lemaire in a gesture that was interpreted as a farewell to a Hall of Fame career.
By this point, life has started to exact its inevitable compromises.
No one is asking them for the moon.
Most of the Caliks' ornaments are sold to Christopher Radko, a 34-year-old New York entrepreneur who 10 years ago started a Christmas ornament business based on handmade European imports.
The list of exhibitors and their work includes Lewis Sher and his paintings of the Old West, Carol Nicklaus's Caldecott award-winning illustrations, Monique Parry's lush watercolors, the handcolored etchings of Bruce Peck, Laura Breitman's unusual painting, quilting and appliqueing of fabric, and the delicate nature serigraphs of Betsy Fowler, whose husband, Jim Fowler, is a familiar television spokesman for wildlife.
Ms. Harding, who shot her first deer at 14, survived a dysfunctional family and an abusive marriage.
The more specialized the fund, the less discretion is entrusted to the fund manager.
They buy the cheaper contract, instantly sell short the more expensive one and pocket the difference.
The X-Men always provided me such an opportunity.
Yesterday's report brought an extra surprise, traders said, by revising July's rate of capacity utilization to 84.3 percent -- the highest level since August 1989 -- from 83.9 percent.
Like its thin, sweet, Puccini-esque Andrew Lloyd Webber score, "Phantom" makes no serious emotional demands on the audience.
His oratory on the stump seems aimed solely at becoming the "anybody" in what is widely called the "ABC vote," for "Anybody but Cuomo."
Mr. Ruhe asserted that Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic and Slovakia deserved to become members of NATO and the European Union because unlike Russia, "they belong to the European system and they were artificially separated from it."
"The pro-life movement has no room for violence or vigilantism," said the Rev.
The show's various concerns come together early on in Mr. Hytner's staging of "If I Loved You."
That conviction was later overturned on appeal.
10 FRENCH DISARMING RWANDANS French troops in Rwanda have been disarming the militias allied with the Government and sending them home, in an effort to show rebel forces that the French are not biased in favor of the Government.
With that in mind he suggests that investors should view this week's auctions as an opportunity to get into position for a flatter yield curve.
In its report, the commission said a tone was established at the top that led to the withering of corruption controls.
Dr. Gilman then showed that the mutated cells lacked the transducer function.
Indeed, in Mr. Reagan's case it raises speculation about how long he may have been suffering from the disease.
Mr. Conboy's report said that Mr. Fiorino and Mr. Simon had invoked their Constitutional privilege against self-incrimination when interrogated by Mr. Conboy's investigators.
And like both projects, Queens West aspires to quality in architecture and urban design.
to spend long hours with James McDougal, who ran Madison and says he has not yet been asked one Whitewater question by the Feds.
Even when Governor Richards decided recently to file a Texas version of California's lawsuit to try to win Federal reimbursement for the costs of illegal immigration, she went out of her way to portray the matter as a budget dispute with Washington, not an attack on illegal aliens.
Mrs. Yin, 30, works in the burn/trauma unit of Brigham and Women's Hospital.
Revenues climbed 8.9 percent, to $2.76 billion.
If the Legislature does not legalize casino gambling, Mr. Trump said, he will probably build condominiums and retail stores on his 22 acres near downtown Philadelphia.
Several years ago, he said, he got a good deal on the purchase of a town house because the developer wanted to be able to tell other potential buyers that a prominent person was living there.
She was one of three people listed on the records as having been involved in treating Mr. Morial.
But he's a lover, not a fighter.
Consider the experience of Ron Williams, vice president of engineering at R. J. Moore, a national firm, based in Annapolis, Md., that specializes in the study of reserves.
In it, Cunningham, who was then in her 90's but still active as a photographer, seems to draw back in surprise as a nude female model emerges from behind a tree.
But the touchdowns have stopped flowing.
Robert Rodriguez, former New York City Councilman.
"Luckily, at this point, we're not too concerned about productivity," noted Larry Franklin, president and chief executive of Harte-Hanks Communications Inc. in San Antonio.
The confirmation heightens concern that it is moving to build up its supply of bomb-grade plutonium.
The District Attorney's announcement that no criminal action was planned came as a person close to the case told The Associated Press that Mr. Jackson would agree on Tuesday to pay the teen-ager to settle a lawsuit maintaining that the singer molested him.
But as a trained dog sniffed for accelerants that might have fueled the blaze, Detective Sgt.
Those, somehow, are the vague words of social philosophers.
Michael S. Appelbaum, a senior vice president and municipal bond specialist at Paine Webber Inc., said, "The tone was better as prices moved up slightly, with much emphasis still on year-end tax planning, as some investors engage in swapping on maturities, taking loss in the transaction to later realize a profit at maturity."
When Pulitzer Prize plays like "Driving Miss Daisy" and "Three Tall Women" don't get Tony recognition, the awards lose credibility in the eyes of those not fully informed.
Does he think that would be better for those children?
Resignation is the town's cardinal virtue.
KANSAS CITY CHIEFS -- Waived John Stephens and Anthony Daigle, running backs; Matt Gay, defensive back; Ken Alexander and Pete Shufelt, linebackers; Sanjay Beach, Allen DeGraffenreid, Wesley Carroll, Michael Stephens and Lee Harris, wide receivers; Byron Bonds, defensive tackle; Dunstan Anderson, defensive end; Mike Bartrum, tight end; Darrell Fullington, safety; Robert Gaddy; offensive tackle; Brian Randall, cornerback.
Montana outlawed such discrimination by life insurance companies in 1991, and other states are considering similar legislation.
Well, Michael just said he was 32.'
"That's not the purpose of this; you can write that right now."
The loss was the Yankees' second in three games to the cellar-dwellers of the American League Central, and New York has dropped three series of the last four, the longest period of struggle for the American League East leaders.
Tomorrow's performance begins at 8 P.M. Tickets are $15; a $35 ticket and a $75 patron ticket include admission to a pre-performance party at the theater, with Ms. Brown and the Manhattan Borough President, Ruth W. Messinger, as hosts.
The group dropped its 3 percent sales charge June 1.
Troubled Relationship But he did not give up, calling her on Nov. 18 and getting into her apartment by telling her that his father had died, the police said.
Problems Then, Too Nothing so chilling happened in her day, Russell said in a recent telephone interview, but even 60 years ago, her supposedly genteel sport found itself roiling in controversy, gamesmanship, temper tantrums, grudges, biased judging and mischievous attempts by one skater to gain an edge over another.
Dietary laws will be observed.
" Then he said: "It may be unrealistic, but at the very least, it gets me closer to next season.
More than 14,000 of them died.
But there must always be a line of leadership with penalties available for both his coaches and his players.
There is, then, nothing static about Congressional scoring rules.
He regards her as a virginal princess in real life, too, ignoring the lust that Wilde poured into his heroine.
For Anthony, the shot, the fourth quarter and the victory were sweet redemption after a series during which he was much maligned.
What do you do to the schools that don't meet up to the requirements?"
The memorandum says that in the second five years of the program, costs would more than double, reaching $58 billion over 10 years.
In addition to her basic jackets and tunics that have become collectibles for her fans, she made beaded or macrame bustiers and bare-midriff tops, including a tiny beaded bolero that barely covered the breasts.
Yet the choreography made it possible to wonder why people are amused by freak shows and can guffaw at deformity.
Translating American Icons A look at these two overseas parks offers some harsh lessons in the vexing uncertainty of translating American icons into other cultures, and in how important timing can be for such overseas moves.
"He was someone of great intelligence and courage, the opposite of Elvis."
Mrs. Sherman assists a 61-year-old woman.
For a start, you can't reform welfare unless you reform child care.
Shaul said he had planned to spend the money from the robbery on a new pair of sneakers.
Arrests there rose to 241 in the first 13 days of October from 96 in the same period last year.
When the robber, holding his pistol, began to turn around, the store owner shot him in the back and side, killing him, the captain said.
The Clintons and Edelmans are friends, a fact that may have something to do with the present hostility.
In doing so, he is forced to grapple with what he is capable of and who he really is.
The program at the Albert Hall on Sunday night was sponsored by Britain at War, a London World War II museum, and drew nearly 1,000 guests who paid $37 apiece to dance to two bands, one conducted by John Miller, the nephew of the 1940's bandleader Glenn Miller.
"It is carefully managed by Fidelity for a high degree of share price stability," the ad said.
And, you know, when he used to wear those dresses late at night, I never understood that."
The quiet is even greater here, a place of haunted-looking ruins, where scraps of grimy curtain still flap at gaping windows and ailanthus trees and tall grasses guard abandoned doorways.
WAGING WAR ON DRUGS IN A DRAGSTER Roger Comstock drove at 135 miles per hour past police officers in Englishtown, N.J., and they did absolutely nothing to stop him.
"It took me three or four months to figure out what I was doing, but in retrospect, a trained monkey could have made a lot of money at that time."
But existing designs require crystals of very high quality, or the electrons that are knocked loose by sunlight are diverted by impurities or flaws in the crystal before they can be gathered into current.
They were married in 1991.
Hunter, the author of "A Centennial History of Kent Place School: 1894-1994."
He was also downright insolent and pointedly disloyal to his sponsors.
The other borough presidents said yesterday that they generally did not invite agency officials to testify at their hearings on preliminary budget plans.
Mr. Hait said the state institute is already enrolling patients in several clinical trials, including these: *A study to evaluate how patients with breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the body respond to two drugs, tamoxifen and alpha interferon.
During the final moments of this half-hour piece, we are probably meant to feel a kind of liberation.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration agreed to the refund plan.
Brazil, a nation of 155 million, has relatively low computerization rates in key industries: 70 percent in banking, 21 percent in industrial automation, 15 percent in trade, 2 percent in health and 1 percent in education.
Channel 2, 11:20 P.M. A Feinstein spot is working over Mr. Huffington: "Why the lies about Dianne Feinstein?
vice president and placed in a new position responsible for coordinating the development of a software initiative, code-named Workplace, and for making sure it is used in the software in all divisions.
Indeed, the greater the attacks, the taller she stood.
Len Coleman, the new National League president, will deal with the Sanders matter early this week.
But the country is poor, the skating rinks are pathetic, and in a world where Nancy Kerrigan can earn $1 million for a few days' work, the temptation to move from a place where the average annual wage is less than $300 can only be enormous.
Another wound was present at his left thigh area."
In a pop culture sense, their iconography is almost as important as their ability to make money, which is why there are several more pounds of pressure per inch on "All-American Girl" than most new sitcoms have to endure.
"I vividly remember the devastation and suffering, just as my wife's parents remember the bombing of Germany, but I can hardly blame my wife for all this, since she was not even born then."
Thomas J. Burnside: The great Texas bank robbery.
In the late 1950's and early 60's, he performed with Reuben Phillips at the Apollo Theater in Harlem and with the band leaders Lucky Millinder, Wilbur de Paris, Snub Mosley and others.
Lucio Cassara of Lake Ronkonkoma even named his business after him.
As a college English major and student journalist at the University of Virginia, John Marshall joined the Reserve Officer Training Corps and prepared himself for an Army hitch.
The mache is diluted with other greens.
'There is no line in the sand," he said.
This approach not only lowers costs, Huntington executives say, but also offers a higher level of service.
As Mr. Smith put it: "If you did the crime, you don't collect a dime."
After all, he said, "Most of the Italians who were involved in garbage in the 19th century were ragpickers."
"For the woman which hath an husband," it says at one point, "is bound by the law to her husband so long as he liveth."
Mario M. Cuomo has always liked being the underdog, whether he lost (the Democratic primary for mayor to Edward I. Koch in 1977) or won (the primary for governor over Mr. Koch in 1982).
His 267 passing yards against Kansas were the most by a Husker quarterback in 21 years.
In the fourth quarter, he caught a pass in mid-air, twisted his body and flicked a reverse layup off the glass, his legs spread eagle as the ball dropped through.
People like David Pfleeger, 41, who grew up attending a conservative church in Tulsa, Okla. "The Cathedral of Hope is such a wonderful name, because so many of us were without hope," said Mr. Pfleeger, a Medicaid case worker for the state.
And so it went at the society's first What Is It?
In Donetsk, in the Donbass coal mining region, voters will be asked whether they favor a more clearly federal system, whether Ukraine should join the economic union of the Commonwealth of Independent States and whether Russian should be an official language.
Fast Track, a collection of short news and feature items, will be "much more driven by events and the Zeitgeist of the week," he said.
The menu here, adapted for home cooks who have limited time, draws upon disparate regions of the country, from the rolling Loire Valley in the west central part of France to the rustic Perigord region in the southwest to my ancestral home in the vine-draped north central hills of Chablis.
Along with Luscious Jackson, this noise-rock band is to join R.E.M.
The ultimate status symbol in Silicon Valley is a two-and-a-half-inch Lucite cube that costs just $20.
Mr. Serrano was a candidate backed by a coalition of black and Hispanic elected officials who were excluded from the decision to anoint Mr. Ramirez and who argued that nominating Mr. Friedman to a judgeship smacked of the old politics.
The contract will be easy with any normal trump split, so South must concern himself with the possibility that East has J-9-x-x.
The retired judge, Sam Mendenhall, who left the Family Court bench in 1992, pleaded guilty to misconduct.
Prosecutors plan to call about 150 witnesses, and estimate that the trial, which is being held in Coblenz, will last three months.
"The chateau was so uniquely French.
Many events can be stressful and traumatic for children, but the ones that most often leave the lasting imprint of depressive illness are sexual and physical abuse.
And that's true simply because so much of what I've said has been taken out of context or simply misunderstood.
His training is in ballet, and he has performed with companies including the Eglevsky, American Festival Ballet and the Lexington Ballet.
Mr. Catrambone said he spent the year playing golf, conferring with his lawyer, Brian Neary, and paying close attention to another highly publicized child sexual-abuse case in Essex County -- that of Margaret Kelly Michaels.
"Two or three British Tornados, which can see beyond the horizon, coming out of the Falklands would wreak havoc with the whole squadron of the Skyhawks.
The trooper suggested that Stoyanovich's friend drive.
But academic experts say the rise is a significant reversal of a two-decade decline in applications and enrollments.
Wieland's station wagon was traveling at about 55 miles an hour when Hurley's vehicle turned into its path, attorneys said.
Metro Digest B1 HOSPITAL LAYOFFS EXPECTED The president of New York City's Health and Hospitals Corporation said he plans to lay off about 3,000 workers and eliminate hundreds of beds to close a budget gap.
"He says: 'Yeah, maybe it's too soon.'
(In real life, of course, it isn't always that simple.)
The decision was made after a Government meeting about the situation in Rwanda led by Mr. Balladur and attended by Defense Minister Francois Leotard, army leaders and senior officials.
Why don't left-handed hitters play against Johnson?
"Such progress means that 2.5 million fewer children will die in 1996 than in 1990," the report said.
If the light does not work with a new bulb, check whether the circuit breaker or fuse governing the fixture has tripped or blown.
"The sanctuary is the last nail in the coffin for Japanese commercial whaling," said Michael Sutton, the director of marine and international activities at the World Wildlife Fund.
He blames Marlon Brando and the bad example of his life for causing Christian Brando to shoot his half sister Cheyenne's fiance.
Yet the suit, and the media treatment of it, resulted in a devastating assault on the character of a public man of high reputation.
* Royal Cruise Line, San Francisco, to Goodby, Silverstein & Partners, San Francisco, to handle the luxury cruise line's account, previously handled in-house.
Credit cards: All major cards.
Question of Finances Serving as his own producer, he uses income earned from his outside directing assignments as well as foundation support, and loses money on his shows.
He later repented his actions and in a famous autobiography called himself a "racketeer for capitalism," who "helped in the raping of half a dozen Central American republics for the benefit of Wall Street."
Pool play: Sunday, 8:30 A.M. to 10 P.M. and Monday, 6 P.M. to midnight.
The primary reason for the readjustment, Mr. Coen said, was an accelerating expansion in ad spending at the national level, up 7.8 percent, compared with his prediction of 6.5 percent in December.
December 1995, he was told.
Nine youths have been arrested in the attack.
The Government does not necessarily cancel a cruise if a ship fails, but if conditions are too hazardous, it can recommend that the ship not sail.
If you're not on our side, you're on their side.'
The first Reagan budget forecast economic growth of 4.2 percent; the economy declined by 1.9 percent.
She said she had become concerned after calling the local security headquarters and hearing that he had gone to the Cave of the Patriarchs to pray.
These leagues, which also function in Venezuela, Mexico and the Dominican Republic, also represented something else: a sanctuary for the bodies and souls of dozens of striking major leaguers seeking to rediscover and retool playing skills that had been dormant for nearly three months.
Normally, dealers increase their sales in September and October as they clear out the previous year's models to make space for the new versions.
Though Ocean Beach laws have since been relaxed to permit the eating of ice-cream cones and pastries in public, venturing outside with an opened beverage container in hand, even a cup of coffee, is asking for trouble.
Seventeen people identified as gang members were indicted yesterday on murder and racketeering charges in what Federal prosecutors called a sophisticated operation that forced dealers to pay rent in order to sell drugs on street corners in the South Bronx.
Like the state, the city of Tijuana is governed by the National Action Party, a moderately conservative group.
"I don't know what's going to happen," said Jeter.
Oracle's results were released after the market closed on Tuesday.
"It is like dancing with an elephant," she told CBS News in August.
They are so versatile that Clemente has been criticized for not developing a true playmaker.
In the last two years, ABC has continued to reinforce its image as the all-family network, offering more programs aimed at attracting both children and parents.
Ms. Rogers dismisses the account of his retirement, saying he was specifically sent to hunt for the five Egyptian officers.
The Electronic Threat Industry analysts have seen the proliferation of electronic services like America Online and Compuserve and the increasing popularity of the Internet, the global web of computer networks, as a growing threat to print media.
Not all the great victories in World War II took place on the battlefield.
I say that because I've been so happy.
In short, the effective imposition of a three-fifths requirement for the Senate to do its business violates the Constitution.
Yes, but make no mistake: Coaching has been a factor.
But come the 1942-43 season the Americans had to fold.
The majority of teen-age deaths come in auto accidents.
Mr. Leland, who met Mr. Truman at Spin magazine in the mid-1980's, had covered music for Newsday and later at Newsweek, where in 1993 he was made editor of the life-styles department.
Virtually everything about the accusations against Ms. Richards and the coming trial of Mrs. Hutchison will have a political impact.
Dr. Blaze said that the flaw he discovered in the Clipper design would not permit a third party to break a coded computer conversation.
Time Warner now hopes to start the first trial of the network sometime before the end of the year, about six months later than it had hoped.
ART CRITICISM MAKING IT NEW Essays, Interviews, and Talks.
The United States game maker Hasbro Inc. upped the ante yesterday in its bid for a worldwide monopoly to sell the board game Scrabble.
The neighborhood's City investment bankers, media stalwarts and the odd politician make up Granita's loyal following.
"The free-trade pact will provoke more foreign investment in Chile by reducing risk for the countries, and by establishing international investment rules," he said.
This year, for example, Odyssey Partners, an investment firm, had a Christmas lunch for about 200 partners, employees and their families at the Club restaurant in the Garden, followed by a matinee performance of "A Christmas Carol."
Those executives receive discretionary bonuses that in good years can equal several times the size of their annual salaries.
"Backbeat" tries to correct that with hip revisionism, the kind that will work best for viewers born after the Beatles' heyday.
Renee Palmer, the network's project director, said the service would be updated daily or weekly as required.
Sprinkle with cilantro, and serve with bread.
Returning home obviously jolted Walker.
To reduce costs, the Clinton plan would be phased in slowly.
"I think I wasn't playing very well at the beginning and he was playing very well," Reneberg said.
If South Africa is a country often described as part first world, part third world, its parks are generally first world.
And college enrollment rates for males are at a record high.
Mr. Buss partly defends himself against the first group by showing that the results of his survey of mating habits were surprisingly uniform.
If you don't do this fast, you'll be a live sacrifice.
It currently has 75 members, most of whom Mr. Costello rounded up himself by sending out solicitations to winners of big cases he had read about in The National Law Journal or The Los Angeles Daily Journal or Trial magazine.
In two four-hour mornings I swung at a lot of tennis balls, maybe 2,000, and never once felt bored.
Balanchine, he says, was always "absent as a tangible personality when not in actual labor onstage or in rehearsal."
"However, you've got to know where to put it."
"That's part of the owners' ploy, to try to split the high-salaried players and the lower-paid players.
A plate of fresh fruit consisting of a wedge of honeydew melon, slices of kiwi and apple plus a scattering of raspberries and strawberries, won top dessert honors by default.
Had it been swayed by the defense lawyers' contention that members of a quiet, law-abiding religious sect had acted purely in self-defense, all the Branch Davidians would have walked out of the courthouse.
B6 The Coast Guard intercepted a hijacked boat with 27 Cubans.
Inevitably, everything comes to light for each member of the trio, in a conclusion that packs a wallop like one of Faviola's hit men.
While American Express Platinum Card holders have the inside track on seats, some $25 tickets are available to the general public; the number for information is 210-2780.
But those who bought after the first sharp fall of this year, on Feb. 4, have been rewarded only with losses, and some fund groups say there were mild net redemptions of stock fund shares last week.
What Maloney really did is show 23-year-old Jamie McLennan, who backed up Hextall in the second half of last season, that he thinks he is ready to be the No.
Indoor scenes were shot on sweltering sound stages in Bombay (at temperatures up to 137 degrees), where the movie's centerpiece, a lost city, was meticulously constructed from mahogany, concrete and brick.
PBS and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, the network's Federal financing arm, poured $1.5 million into the production of 22 shows.
When President Anwar el-Sadat of Egypt journeyed dramatically to Jerusalem in 1977, he said, Israelis quickly concluded that he was serious about peace.
After the Cowboys-Packers game on Thursday, Green Bay cornerback Terrell Buckley complained that Cowboys receivers were pushing off and holding even though it wasn't called, and when the Packers did the same thing they were penalized for defensive pass interference.
With the bomb, one character says, a way has been found "to kill the dreams of the children that ain't been born."
He added that he had started "a sort of financial consulting business" that he runs from the barn.
The concept came with Republican support and even the catchy sports nickname it had acquired in a successful push to make it law in Washington State: three strikes and you're out.
Quite the contrary: As with so many goods, a few mega-companies are gathering the brands under a few roofs.
They closed unchanged on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday at $4.625, down 37 percent from the 52-week high in February of $7.375.
"It's not only a competition," she added.
High-flying July copper fell 1.4 cents, to 112.15 cents a pound.
"It was a routine ground ball," Hargrove said.
The best recent news -- a report last month that AZT deterred transmission of H.I.V.
In other words, big plays at key times.
The bell rings and the students shuffle out of class.
Then came various flourishes that somehow metastasized into the desired feel.
"While we believe the existing measures that had been in place, when followed, would absolutely prohibit any flight from departing without adequate fuel, we decided to add this additional procedure to insure that the public shares our confidence in the integrity of the system."
Sleeping on the Job Three Palestinian chefs at the American Colony hotel in Jerusalem have not reported for work since the massacre because they were classified as "undesirable" by the Israeli Army, a security category that the army can apply to any Palestinian without explanation.
Dr. Timothy C. Fagan, a pharmacologist at the University of Arizona in Tucson, says its main advantage is its longer action.
Responsibility to communities, especially youth and the poor, was a recurring concern this week as the bishops urged a "moral revolution" against violence in American society, affirmed their belief that health care was a basic right and cautioned against welfare reforms that would limit or deny people government-financed social services while expecting charities to extend their care of the needy.
"We'll be seeing that a lot."
Works by Merlin Carpenter, through April 27.
If the Administration persists in placing Miami politics above the Constitution, it will be the responsibility of Congress to act on Representative Howard Berman's free trade in ideas bill and to vindicate at long last the constitutional right to travel.
Gen. Eugene F. Tighe Jr., Air Force intelligence official.
This is about typewriters: manual typewriters, mostly, but now-obsolete electrics, too.
Until about a year ago Jeremiah Gutman, a man with a mane of flowing, slightly unruly white hair, bushy eyebrows and moustache, was periodically mistaken for a famous physicist.
"I don't have a clear-cut answer.
"If you agree to give your product to the system, you must ask how will it control distribution so I get reimbursed?
The fast-track approach already applies to the GATT accord.
Iraq said eight people were killed and many wounded when three missiles hit houses near the complex.
He took his appeal for the abolition of nuclear weapons to several international forums, including a United Nations disarmament conference in 1982 and a 1988 summit meeting of leaders from nonaligned nations.
Kids don't remember the toys you bought them.
The original proposal valued Macy at $3.6 billion if it were to emerge from Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in January 1995, but made provisions to distribute $500 million more to creditors if the company's stock reached a certain market value by June 1997.
The parents jumped, fire officials said, landing on a parking lot.
Instead, there is an accumulation of choreographic and emotional texture as the rapier-swinging men form six couples with the women.
") As a 17-year-old high school dropout, the rapper says he was arrested for selling crack and spent nine months in a North Carolina jail before making bail.
Q: How do you pick companies?
They released a list of 599 such ingredients and additives, from acetic acid to yeast.
"The goal exists, but to define it very precisely could lead to serious problems," Foreign Minister Povilas Gylys said in an interview.
Following the story is, of course, of primary concern to CBS News, which claims no special access to Kerrigan because it is the Olympic network.
The results may have been shaped somewhat by the sample: 80 percent of the companies responding were from California.
When he was told that the training involved little role-playing of street situations or discussion of alternatives to the choke hold, he asked for a department review.
But Mr. Calderon Sol's victory comes in a still delicate political climate, with the suspicions and hatreds of a 12-year civil war hanging over the voting.
The Government reported last month that 5,593 Japanese were now at least 100 years old in a population of 125 million, up by 791 from last year.
Three days after the rookie left-hander strongly criticized the Yankees in print for failing to give pitching prospects legitimate opportunities, Hitchcock and his agent met with Michael for more than an hour today.
No Official Explanation The Government offered no official explanation for Mr. Cordoba's resignation.
calls the little girl, as the doll flies away.
International The Japanese Government will seek to open markets in sectors of the economy in which it has the most control.
Stock prices ended higher in trading here today.
b-Net loss, which included after-tax restructuring charge of $ 14.9 million, or $ 1.57 a share.
To a degree, this is a realistic response to the dwindling job market for conventional services.
The sustained antics of the uninhibited 7-year-old -- who made faces and parroted his father, and offered such unsolicited observations as "He's right, you know" -- provided the only real warmth and exuberance during the speech.
He was a quarterback at St. Bonaventure the year that Carroll was born.
All that stink about something as minor as vendors on the street and nothing about something as preposterous as this trolley.
Amid its worst slump in recent memory, Goldman, Sachs & Company has begun laying off investment bankers, according to executives both inside and outside the firm.
And it exemplifies a familiar Statehouse script in which one house passes meaningless legislation when real progress is unattainable, then accuses the other of inaction and obstinacy.
It's because Mets ownership has acknowledged that the team's image as the laughing stock of baseball is embarrassing enough to threaten the very fan base it depends upon.
In addition, Mr. Baumbauer won a budgetary increase that enabled him to hire seven more technicians and spend $5 million for backstage improvements.
Per share amounts reflected the company's issuance of one million new shares in December 1993 and have been adjusted to reflect a 3-for-2 stock split effective March 17, 1994.
These were among the tech-novitiates at the retreat: *Peter N. T. Widdrington, chairman of Laidlaw Inc. and the Toronto Blue Jays Baseball Club, who secretly envied the way Blue Jays coaches used their laptops.
"It will do more to drive downcable rates than the F.C.C.
Shortly thereafter, Pluto trains his raven to fly into his neighbors' apartments and deposit fatal doses of poison in their pets' feeding bowls.
This week came the news there were two other White House meetings in October where other Treasury officials discussed the case with Bernard Nussbaum, the President's counsel, and other White House officials.
So they have a vested interest."
A commander of the Islamic Party, Afghanistan's best-armed and most radical political faction, he has just finished a two-month stint running a military training camp outside the ruined village of Jaji.
During the discussion period, the questions of the students showed this desire.
The commissioners possess little expertise or strong ties to the White House or Congressional leaders.
A new fashion category has emerged, but the stores make it difficult by not giving this a name and a department.
Danny Manning added 26 points in what may have been his final game with the Clippers.
"He wanted to force the board to go his way with the budget."
But try to convince the Japanese of that after the murder of two Japanese students in California.
The trustees voted last October to dismiss Mr. Volpe, a move that he said was intended to silence his criticism.
Waverley Root called the cooking of alpine France coarse, unsubtle and stern.
The veteran, theatrical actors know how to make such language seem normal.
"Yeltsin is three years too late," Dr. Repyakh said.
10 15 FORREST GUMP, by Winston Groom.
It was a big step for him -- a lot of soul searching."
Some Council members questioned why the administration was seeking concessions from the municipal unions but very little in productivity savings from the Police or Fire Departments.
Worries about excess supplies pushed down heating and crude oil prices yesterday.
The Knicks of 1970 and 1973 were suave and admirable.
Wearing blue jeans and a dark green pullover, she opened the door, and her gaze from behind wire-rimmed glasses was at first intimidating.
The increase in the rate of violent crime in Nairobi is a very sensitive topic in a country that relies on foreign tourism as its main foreign exchange earner.
("They don't respect nothing," one says of the gangsters.)
They accounted for nearly 12 points of the 14.47-point drop in the Dow.
In a recent interview in Paris, Mr. Saadi said an undetermined number of Berber youths had formed self-defense units, armed and trained to defend their villages against any Islamic militant violence.
In utter stillness, the little sea kayak moves easily out toward the Mercenaries -- a jagged outcrop of volcanic and sedimentary spires two miles from the coastline of Baja California Sur in Mexico.
Those often mentioned include William Daley, the Chicago lawyer who helped lead Mr. Clinton's effort to pass the North American Free Trade Agreement last year, and Representative Mike Synar of Oklahoma, who was defeated in a primary for re-election this fall.
There had been a leak.
"Lusaka has no relation to the real world," one aid official said about the peace treaty.
Today, about 50 people at the Christian Faith Tabernacle bypassed their traditional Christmas service and held a tearful service in Mr. Booth's memory.
His transition team has already assembled an Adirondack working group to develop policy recommendations for the park's future.
Dr. Fischetti and his colleagues have developed an oral vaccine, putting the M protein region onto bacteria that normally colonize the mouth.
"It's more fun this way."
The Yankees are involved with outreach programs for children in New York City.
Iowa 92, Minnesota 88 In Iowa City, Jess Settles scored 19 points and Chris Kingsbury gave Iowa a lift in his first start with five 3-pointers to lead the Hawkeyes to past No.
But as Mr. Carter's talks wore on, with Mr. Clinton left to rely for most of today on telephone reports from Port-au-Prince, it was plain that the unorthodox nature of his final diplomatic gambit had left some top advisers far from comfortable.
Whatever Kennedy claimed in interviews later, the Church committee report -- not exactly friendly to the C.I.A.
But in contrast with their counterparts in Colombia, the big Mexican traffickers have generally confined their violence to one another, buying off police and Government officials while avoiding violent confrontations with the state.
Jamestown colonists made the same mistake and died.
The Senate minority leader, Robert Dole, tried hard to sabotage health care reform this year.
The Nasdaq index rose 8.72 points, to 792.50, in part because of the MCI-Nextel alliance.
People complain that he is away a lot; and who minds City Hall when he's gone?
A slip on the ice, and the little computer goes flying.
Last October, the California Forestry Association asked the Government to remove the owl from the list in California, saying its population in the state had been underestimated.
A typical battery is advertised as providing 45 minutes of talk time and 12 hours of standby.
Stockton answered with a barely discernible edge to his voice.
Mr. Ohmori runs a seafood processing center here, and for 13 years he has been nurturing the North Korean crab industry.
3 2 27 THE CELESTINE PROPHECY, by James Redfield.
Then she ignored her family's advice to return home alone, setting out to make a life for her baby son and daughter in Newark.
But this time the Democrats swear they will not be caught by surprise.
THE speakerphone has become so ubiquitous in executive suites that it now rates an entry in Letitia Baldrige's office-etiquette bible -- as "an odious contraption."
When it came time for the new President to draw up his policy, Senator Mitchell and his allies in Congress threatened to pass legislation withdrawing China's trade benefits if Beijing did not do more to ease repression.
President of Dartmouth, fighting cancer, seizes the day.
"The currency is steady, we have achieved agricultural independence and industrial production is up 40 percent since the end of last year.
"Thirty nine percent said yes, 39 percent partly agreed.
The appalling "Spoken Hawaiian" advocates outright hostility: Slave, bring fish, taro and a squid.
At the heart of these arguments is a question: What does progress mean?
Hartz Mountain, which is privately held, is owned by Leonard N. Stern, who also owns The Village Voice weekly newspaper in New York.
From this disk the matter gradually spirals into the black hole, rising to such a high temperature that it emits X-rays.
There, Mrs. Strong telephoned her husband, Henry Strong, who was the executive secretary to Gov.
The White House's decision to subsidize the flat-panel computer display screen industry is an experiment in changing the Defense Department's relationship with commercial suppliers, Administration officials said today.
1 player who, surprisingly, didn't win a single match in three days.
Tyco is putting its biggest advertising effort behind Dr.
"It's hard for people to imagine that much contained energy," said Mr. Zurcher.
Fountain of Youth Ahead Some extra drama may be added to the controversy when the best 3-year-old colts in the East go to the post next Saturday for the Fountain of Youth Stakes, second milestone on the road to the Kentucky Derby.
"But it doesn't tell you diddly about if it can be or not.
To the Editor: "What's Doing in Berlin" (April 10) was the tip of the iceberg, especially for music.
But only one of them landed, and picked up only one of the wounded observers.
It resembles a vast shopping mall, but the three salons where the shows are presented are equipped with excellent sound and light equipment and have good sight lines.
I think there's something terribly wrong with the loss of a distinct sense of being.
* Berlex Laboratories, Wayne, N.J., to Dugan/Farley Communications, Upper Saddle River, N.J., as the first agency to handle advertising and promotions for Climara, a drug awaiting Federal approval.
Orders plunged two years ago, to $1.86 billion, and this year looks hard pressed to reach even that.
Quinn had gradually built a playoff contender by the end of last season, when the Canucks' record of 46-29-9 was the best in the history of the franchise.
A chilling new study finds that if you suffer cardiac arrest in New York City you have very little chance of surviving.
Performed by David Staller and Emily Loesser, two very able theatrical singers, accompanied on piano by Lanny Meyers, they proved to be a surprisingly strong and engaging collection of leftovers.
"We have created a system that lends itself to contact sports," said H. Eric Schockman, a University of California political scientist and former consultant to the California Legislature.
How serious are the Giants?
REGION FRIENDS RECALL SLAIN HEIRESS Friends of Anne Scripps Douglas, the newspaper heiress who died Thursday from a beating last week, described her as someone who, despite her wealth and upbringing, was vulnerable and seemed to need their protection.
Holding forth at her table, the actress seemed very much on stage, with her blue-and-tan scarf (a gift from John Gielgud) and a lavender-and-bitter-yellow hat with an ancient Chinese ribbon that she described as a "jaunty cloche."
He also spent many hours talking with Mr. Jett about strategies, he said, and strengthened the fixed-income department's system of checks and balances far beyond what was required by firm policy -- even hiring his own risk manager, financial analyst and compliance officer.
The women's campaigns for equality in employment and pay and Government aid for child care seemed to be making progress.
Mr. Kennedy, she added, had seized some advantage "because he had the time to plan the surrender."
Most Russian women now face hardships, disappointments and bitter choices similar to Anna's.
Though billings were not disclosed, Adweek estimated them at $10 million.
The latest data support the contention of Yasushi Mieno, the governor of the Bank of Japan, that the bad-loan problems, which have raised concerns about the stability of the banking system in recent years, have peaked.
Shares of the Delrina Corporation surged yesterday after the company reached a legal settlement with Alphanet Telecom Inc. of Toronto, clearing the way for it to create a fax mailbox service.
They tell me it comes down to a question of turf and money.
And like Mr. Kudelka's "Private Dances," also given last year, it has mind-boggling costumes by the Montreal designers Carmen Alie and Denis Lavoie, who have traded their former elegant funk for their present funky elegance.
When I presented the reservation number, a phone call was made, and I was told this was a "bogus number."
The index is based on 100, the 1985 average.
Several of the Lions needed the money so their families could pay the bills during their extended absence.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
"And all of a sudden, the power.
"And if we couldn't renew the love affair," he continued, "it was in the agency's best interests, and ours, if we separate."
Mainly to help cover the costs of its job cuts, Nynex said yesterday that it had taken $1.6 billion in charges against its fourth-quarter earnings, which even before the charges were below analysts' expectations.
His father retired as an electrical engineer for AT&T.
Not that this is easily done.
"They didn't try to indoctrinate anyone," said Gregory E. Harraka, director of operations for Coakley Williams, a Maryland construction company that hired N.O.I.
That turnover by the 49ers would be the only offensive miscue they would make in the half.
It was stacked on balconies and in stairwells and hung outside windows as a strategic food reserve for every family.
It was a romanticized, almost cinematic image: Philby still the unflappable Brit aristo waiting for the cricket scores to arrive at the Moscow post office, then returning to the K.G.B.
Their hourlong show, a collection of short skits closer to "Monty Python's Flying Circus" than to "Saturday Night Live," is filmed partly before an audience and partly on closed-set locations around Toronto.
I'm out of room for myself."
When it came time to decide whether or not to sign Johnson to a new contract last year, his unselfish deeds were not a factor.
They lost touch, then met again at Sundance four years later.
It is A's ironic examination of her life: her childhood of genteel poverty, her marriage to a physically small, extremely rich man she calls "the penguin," and her alienation from her son, the Boy (Michael Rhodes), who is apparently the Albee surrogate.
Some meetings are more inspirational than anything else.
Bird droppings.<HE< Remove as soon as possible with a wet rag or paper towel.
Initially diagnosed as profoundly retarded, the man later said he had been kicked in the head by a horse, and began to recall facts about his life.
New York City's moratorium and proposed regulation fail to satisfy these constitutional standards.
Powers later said the administration would assure such levels.
We followed Mr. Sterngold's information and were delighted.
If the student drops out before, the checks must be returned.
Like other dated musicals (and numerous, forgotten operas), it splits the past off from the present, taking something seriously that now seems frivolous and making something frivolous that is now barely funny, confusing fashion with substance.
Whether or not you have suffered from depression in the past, you may respond well to hormone replacement -- not because it cures depression but because of its effect on the other symptoms of menopause.
It is difficult to describe precisely the militia's many grievances with the Government, in part because many militia members themselves have difficulty describing them.
Mr. Booth had recently moved to the small trailer after living in Baltimore and suburban Bel Air.
She graduated from the University of Vermont.
The attorneys in the office also try to work out plans to save financially troubled co-ops.
It begins with a selection of the artist's little-known pre-Pop images from the early 1950's, providing an unusually clear view of his artistic roots and temperament.
"I resent having to think about my feet.
Then, one of the company's couriers was shot in a holdup.
He spent 11 years teaching economics and sociology at St. Mary's Seminary and University in Baltimore.
This majestic complex of Gothic and Renaissance buildings was the Polish royal residence for more than 500 years, until the end of the 16th century, when Poland's capital was transferred to Warsaw -- though kings continued to be crowned and buried in the Wawel Cathedral until the 18th century, when partitions virtually wiped an independent Poland off the map, and Cracow went on eventually to become part of the Hapsburg Empire.
I know all about the profit motive.
Advances by Muslims The propping up of the Bosnian Serbs' army comes as the Bosnian Government, having strengthened its once-makeshift army, has scored advances in the three-way war, primarily against Croatian forces in central Bosnia.
Winners of titles Thursday in the Winter Regional Championships were: Stratified Open Pairs A and B, Robert Braun of Manhattan and Mike Szala of Greenwood Lake, N.Y.; C, Steven Zwanger of Manhattan and Yizhong Fan of Brooklyn; Stratified Women's Pairs A and B, Cheryl Dweck of Deal, N.J., and Robin Shamah of Oakhurst, N.J.; C, Keiko Sasaki of Manhattan and Toyoko Shibutani of Chappaqua, N.Y.
Brown the beef in its own fat, pouring off all but a teaspoon.
Tang Yin renders fronds of bamboo in graduated tones of ink while, a century or so later, in 1634, Ni Yuanlu portrays it growing beside an almost invisible rock.
The request won approval from a crucial House committee later in the day.
The glare, in this setting, had been tempered considerably.
They go to dinner together."
On that very first play today, Jack Trudeau thought it was going to happen in the beautiful way it does for the backup quarterback in his imagination.
But that hose is likely to make it only for a younger generation, because it is designed to focus on the gap of flesh at the thigh.
Lobbyists for every conceivable interest that could be affected by any version of legislation swarmed over the Capitol.
In the 11-0 run, they have halved that to 11.3.
For shareholders in Paramount, the wisest course now is to watch for two more weeks, when both tender offers will next close.
That might seem like an odd thing to say to a man who had, up to that point, played like anything but.
The new four-speed transmission is intended to shift more smoothly than previous models.
Seal, the English singer and songwriter who started a two-night engagement at the Beacon Theater on Monday, captures that new mood of somber revelry, a mixture of hope and mourning.
The issues are unmistakable, the rhetoric unclouded, elemental and easy to follow.
But these needs begin to change in autumn, when fertilizing should be stopped and the watering reduced severely but not completely, as is too often mistakenly believed.
For that reason, they are not likely to change that system in the near future.
The first apartments are for low- and moderate-income families, as well as 16 studios for artists.
Mr. Johnson said the research operations cost $16 million a year in Munich, but were expected to cost about $10 million in Prague, where expenses and wage levels are lower.
After a closed-door breakfast meeting between the governors and the new Congressional leaders, Gov.
Earlier this year, at a special cabinet meeting held on Staten Island, he made it clear that a similar meeting would be unlikely for Harlem.
President Tudjman and other Croatian leaders had hinted that if fighting in central Bosnian was not stopped, they would intervene to protect Bosnian Croats, 17 percent of the former Yugoslav republic's prewar population of 4.3 million.
Kansas State 68, Kansas 64 Anthony Beane hit a floating one-hander from the lane with 12 seconds left, lifting Kansas State past No.
It was the first time he had confirmed making a specific sexual advance toward one of his accusers.
"It means the ordinary people in the street will have a say.
The two sides announced a proposed "merger of equals" on May 16.
Ashtrays were offered at first only in luxury vehicles, but were standard in most cars by the 1920's, David Lewis, a professor of business history at the University of Michigan, said.
"It's not something you see an inner-city kid doing.
A bank in Bratislava, Slovakia, was so crowded recently that I gave up trying to exchange traveler's checks and set off for a beer hall with just a few crowns in my pocket.
Mr. Jaffe graduated from Pomona College and received a master's degree in journalism from Columbia University.
The worry is that something could happen that would throw us into a tail spin."
The first involved a series of trades with Merrill Lynch between 1984 and 1988.
Mr. Rijssenbeek's project dealt with finding new ways to produce zeolites, crystal structures that are useful for filters in the gasoline and pharmaceutical industries.
And so have you rationalized your way into saying, yeah, this is what I ought to be doing?'
Mediation guidelines agreed to Sunday by Inkatha and the congress did not mention the election issue.
Previously, they had declined to comment on whether he had been indicted, raising the question of whether he had been charged in a sealed indictment.
They are contracts with cash values that are tied to, or "derived" from, the price of financial assets like stocks, bonds, commodities or currencies.
Mr. Leach said that he was reviewing the decision and had not decided what to do next.
Simpson Manufacturing Co. Inc., Pleasanton, Calif., 2.15 million common shares.
One man shouted out a profane reference to Mr. Clinton's pedigree as he accused the President of "back-stabbing."
A RELATIONSHIP IS TESTED QUICKLY Neither has been in office more than a few days, but already Mayor Giuliani and Police Commissioner Bratton are grappling with the delicate relationship between the Police Department and black New Yorkers.
While the spokesman for Mr. Gore argued today that his comments represented American policy, the Vatican is seeking to suggest that the Clinton Administration is saying one thing publicly while advancing different views in the conference document.
Leonard Shoen has 12 children.
In a joint scheduling session with Bill Usery Jr., the mediator, in Washington, representatives of the two sides agreed to meet in the Capital next Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
Mr. Posner, who said he looked forward to his operations because of the painkillers he would receive, came from what he called a normal household in East Meadow and used crack in part because of his feelings about his disability.
In an early version of the document, this line led a paragraph in the President's cover letter: "Ultimately, the strength of our security derives from the strength of our values."
If you can sell shares of stock on a mutual fund at a loss you cannot claim the loss if you bought shares of the same stock or the same fund within 30 days before or after the sale.
Americans are sleeping, on average, an hour a night less than a generation ago.
"Teachers who in their childhood never touched an insect are teaching science now," he said.
He said he didn't generally use the product professionally.
He did make one concession.
Ms. Scott suggested that a borrower should also ask the broker how many lenders it represented.
The judges of the competition, imported from Manhattan for the occasion, were Laura Trippi, curator at the New Museum of Contemporary Art, and Jon Ippolito, curatorial coordinator at the Guggenheim Museum's branch in SoHo.
He also said that FINA had come to China twice to test his athletes out of competition in August 1993 and last June.
The offer doubled a $10 rebate the company began offering last November.
Finally Cracked the Safe What they did today was persist in adjusting the car, trying to get it to handle right.
And it turned out the revenues supporting the profits were subject to revision.
Young, they said, has maintained that he would not leave the team until the salary cap situation was firmly in place.
The hall has also organized an exhibition, "Mahler's Last Years," in its Rose Museum, and a two-day symposium, "Mahler in America, 1907-11," for which registration is closed.
"Given that Congress has unexpected votes, that an actor will get a part that afternoon, things will change," she said.
Still, I find myself eating at Sparks with great pleasure.
In this age of AIDS and the controversy (or was it a debate?)
There are so many things riding on the game today that they almost overshadow this rivalry, which in four games this season stands at an even 1-1-2.
Cool and freeze according to the manufacturer's directions for your ice cream maker.
Jowauna McMullen of Middle Village, Queens, a sophomore at Christ the King, won the 800-meter title.
He wrote his first composition, "Just 6," at the age of 6.
He tried making some below-calf skirts, he said, including full as well as narrow styles, and decided that after many years' avoidance, he liked them just fine.
"What do you want from me?"
In 1989 our reviewer, Susan Lowell, said Mr. Bass's first collection "shows an impressive command of the devices of contemporary fiction."
She said her husband had retained a lawyer, who had told him to say nothing for now.
On June 25, Mr. Marx informed his boss of Papp's offer.
Her father is a lawyer in New York.
There are three barber chairs.
"We think we've made a very, very fair offer.
Candid shots show mourners touching, lying sprawled across and even wrapped around sections of the quilt.
Her efforts to enhance state services, however, were hampered by the passage in 1990 of a property tax limitation law.
The noncallable issue is rated A-3 by Moody's and A- by S.& P.
Mr. Spano, an advocate of casino gambling in New York, said in a letter to the United States Attorney General, Janet Reno, that the State Legislature's defeat in July of an amendment legalizing casinos came within days of the tribe's donation, and that the appearances and timing were questionable, though he had no direct evidence of any wrongdoing.
At several junctures, an annoying know-it-all stands before the audience and pontificates about artifice: not only the ruses in "Fidelio" but also the inherent unreality of opera istelf.
"It made me believe I was there of my own free will."
From there, he entered the N.F.L.
The sentiments of Emma Lazarus's anthem -- to send us your huddled masses -- are simply no longer economically possible or desirable.
That promise now drives her budget.
But they later learned that the reports, known as the Black Book, did exist and had been obtained by The New York Times.
Recipients collect their benefits through a device that is like an automated teller machine, so a correct address is not necessary to collect money.
gh 19 Qh6, when 19 .
The conference in Cairo is about the delicate equilibrium between humanity and its environment.
contribution, you can file your return and take the deduction even if you have not yet set up an account.
I could speak Spanish, sure.
I tell Aleksei, 'You must use every minute, every hour for your education, to learn in your life, the elements of culture and music and art.'
"We've exploded," said Mike Pascuzzi, sales director of Central Park Media in Manhattan, a leading distributor of what is also called Japanimation.
Taste and adjust seasoning if needed.
"Street Fighter" is rated PG-13 (Parents strongly cautioned).
In Germany, it was 9.1 percent, and in France, 50.5 percent.
One of the best solos came from Susan Pajak, who turned the flickering muscular nuances taught at the Nikolais and Louis Dance Lab into a portrait of a provocative free spirit.
That sum is such a pump to the economy that it is hardly fair to say that Ghana could serve as a role model to lead the rest of Africa out of the economic doldrums.
Investigators are also trying to determine if depositors' money was diverted illegally from Madison Guaranty, which became insolvent in 1989, to the Whitewater Development Company.
Flood Watches Unlike previous storms, which depleted Pennsylvania's supply of salt for the roads, state officials said they had this storm under control.
That's something we think will help."
The National Commission on Law Observance and Enforcement (1931), the President's Commission on Law Enforcement and Administration of Justice (1967), the Advisory Commission on Intergovernmental Relations (1971), the American Bar Association (1972) and the National Advisory Commission on Criminal Justice Standards and Goals (1973) have all called for a college degree as a basic requirement for entry into police departments.
Cocktails and hors d'oeuvres will be served, and there will be a raffle of trips to Spain, Brazil and the Caribbean.
But there are many traditional warriors in the Pentagon who think the admiral has counted too much on the promise of new technology to conduct push-button warfare and who are concerned that he will overstep his authority.
He became a reporter in the business section in 1955 and three years later began writing the advertising column, which has continued as a weekday feature through eight successive columnists.
SHE has seen him perform 52 times, Debbie Liss of San Jose, Calif., said of Michael Feinstein, formerly of Columbus, Ohio.
A meal for two with a carafe of house wine costs about $65.
Each month the Labor Department announces the creation of tens of thousands of new jobs.
Through Dec.3 This revealing, sometimes impressive exhibition catches the California painter Richard Diebenkorn in the mid-1950's, in the wake of a transition of his own, having forsaken an Abstract Expressionist style for the loosely painted realism known as Bay Area Figuration.
Here again, the initial imagery was striking but undeveloped.
"If the international community had wanted to restore democracy, it would have been done so long ago."
But just as many require striped-collar skills like computer, data entry and drafting.
A mother and her teen-age daughter go on a spree after winning $60 6* 1 million in a lottery.
"Given the fact that we're training midwives and nurse practitioners to do childbirth, which is a far more complicated procedure, why can't we train them to do abortions?"
* R. Kent Atherton, former director of corporate sales and marketing at Group W Sports Marketing, New York, has formed Atherton Communications L.P., a sports marketing and production company in Fairfield, Conn. * Sterling Group, New York, and Wickens Tutt Southgate, London, have teamed up to form Worldbrand, a planning and design service aimed at executives responsible for international and cross-cultural brand development.
"These are my interpretations, and I think when you're an American, you can do this sort of thing."
15 Wisconsin also beat Penn State and Ohio State as well this past week.
"I try to keep them from going through what I went through," Ms. Foster said of the 13 to 15 men and women who attend her weekly sessions at United Bronx Parents, a group that works with H.I.V.-positive women and their families.
Filled out by a marvelous supporting cast (this film would be worth watching for Stanley Holloway's rendition of "Get Me to the Church on Time" alone), "My Fair Lady" seems to exist in its own world.
Often the group takes home only $20 each after working from 10 A.M. to midnight.
The book, co-written with Mike Walker, a columnist and senior editor at The National Enquirer, is a sordid and sexually explicit account of Mrs. Simpson's love life.
The project is also viewed suspiciously by some environmentalists because it is financed by the Pentagon, which in many areas is trying to beat swords into plowshares.
He said he had worked hard to make his store an attractive addition to the area, spending $30,000 to renovate the shop before he opened in June.
This film is rated PG-13.
As the latest Yale laboratory accident illustrates, research into arena and other deadly viruses is dangerous.
Silver and gold prices tumbled.
Domestic orders fell 10.6 percent, to $321.7 million, in July, from $359.85 million in June.
If a dolphin, temporarily removed from the sea for study by humans, communicated its abduction story to other dolphins, that story might be disbelieved ("John Mack's Abductees," by Stephen Rae, March 20).
On some other Saturday, the first touchdown reception of Holbein's college career would have been a footnote in a game decided long before his most memorable play.
The Sanitation Department spent $684 million this year but must reduce its budget to $541 million in the fiscal year that begins July 1.
Today, it allocated $130.3 million to Hughes to begin work on the program, which is expected to continue to the year 2000.
These books do little to help us understand their subjects' artistic development; they ignore the role that craft, imagination, historical tradition, intellectual convictions and the influence of colleagues have played in shaping their oeuvres.
This was unfair, as Henry ended the so-called religious wars -- eight or nine between 1562 and 1598, depending on how many of the lulls between them you count as peace -- with the Edict of Nantes, giving the Protestants certain political and religious rights.
Shouldn't visitors to the Grand Canyon and Yosemite National Park be required to approach on pack mule, the better to visualize the pioneer experience?
What Mr. Bratton described as "a conversion" to the 9-millimeter is scheduled today with the start of training for the first 200 officers in the use of the weapon and the subsequent training of 200 each week thereafter, he said.
"We just have to work a little harder."
"There's an increasing ignorance about who Martin was," Mr. Turner said, pausing in a hallway conversation to urge students loitering by a stairwell to move along.
"He just gave me a little more time on the court the last two games," he added, referring to Bulls Coach Phil Jackson.
Once a day, for a half hour, a social worker visits to help him with any problems.
While the report did little to move the market, it suggested that the labor market was still healthy and that the unemployment rate might keep falling.
In the process, Boston showed weaknesses in the infield and in the bullpen and dropped to both .500 in the division (3-3) and on the road (8-8) for the season.
"She was very embarrassed and didn't want to do anything," Dr. Inman said.
He moved on to building small temporary shelters for storage or protection from the elements, and wrapping larger, more irregularly shaped objects like moth-balled military aircraft and new industrial equipment that needed protection in transit.
And he didn't bend, no matter what happened."
He argued with ground crews.
The officers later took him to the 113th Precinct station house where they gave him candy in an attempt to comfort him.
The city is also called the Learned and the Red (for both its politics and its buildings), and this tiny wine shop, founded in 1468 and practically unchanged since, is a favorite haunt of underfed leftist intellectuals from the even older University of Bologna.
The Show Room, which is visible and audible from one's seat, is where parties are held and where a staged show, Las Vegas style, is performed about every 10 minutes.
This creates more demand for base metals like copper, which is hovering near $1.278 a pound on the spot futures market of the New York Commodity Exchange, a four-year high.
My horse didn't hang back.
In "Companies Are Cutting Their Hearts Out" (Dec. 19), Secretary of Labor Robert B. Reich's advice to the pension funds to urge firms to invest more in their workers instead of cutting payrolls does not acknowledge the circularity of the problem.
The Bosnians have their own two-man sled for the Olympics, but they will have to borrow a four-man sled for that event.
Still, his television news programs, like Sky News in Britain, have never been accused of having a political slant, and his American TV programming is usually faulted on matters of taste rather than ideology.
But it seemed unlikely that the festival would acquire the cultural and mythic heft of its predecessor, despite the promoters' suggestions that the potential was there.
A big problem with the Viacom bid, said several participants in a conference call that Viacom and Blockbuster had yesterday for Wall Street analysts, centers on Blockbuster's value as a business to Viacom and how the two companies might fit together.
So there it is, marketers.
to the 47th Street Theater in the guise of a two-man Off Broadway show.
Two other companies -- the BankAmerica Corporation and the Piper Jaffray Companies -- have had to spend their own money this year to stabilize some of their fixed-income funds that had substantial losses from derivatives.
The South Korean Government reported no suspicious military movements in the North or further attempts to score propaganda points.
A little sign said the tree was called "The Hangman's Elm."
Mr. Fiske has never explained the reason for the order.
Even the use of Philipse Manor Hall to explain environmental history is innovative, said Dr. Alix Schnee, director of the hall.
"The time for talking is over.
From Minor Giant to Big Ram It must have something to do with the weather.
Emphasizing AIDS Other groups joined the renegade movement because they felt Stonewall 25 was ignoring the issue of AIDS.
Kerrigan skated today in a black leotard with a gossamer wrap skirt, apparently satisfying her endorsement obligations by wearing a particular watch, skating first to a song called "The Best" by Tina Turner, then to a medley of Neil Diamond tunes.
"We are essentially trying to do everything we possibly can to speed up the reconstruction of Columbus Avenue, and business is not going to continue to be done as it has in the past," said Marty Algaze, the Manhattan director of the Mayor's community assistance unit.
"But at the same time, they see the military loosing ground.
There is hardly a home in Syria in which there is no martyr who fell in defense of his country, nation and of Arab rights.
If history, then, is a narrative, the Arab-Israeli conflict, as an appendage of the cold war, has been a long and bloody footnote.
Today I can report that significant tangible progress has been made in all these four areas.
Place to Grab The new cars on the A train have ivory walls, faux terrazzo floors and contoured seats in pale shades, including a sea green that one man called "soothing" and another man derided as "jail house institutional."
Should Mr. Clinton lose the summer's battles on Capitol Hill, this official said, the damage to Democrats "would be considerable."
It is harder to launch a new automotive technology now, because there is a very good one -- the internal-combustion engine -- to compete with and because standards have changed, said Don Karner of Electric Transportation Applications, his consulting company in Phoenix, who helped organize this race.
The Presidents of Argentina, Brazil, Uruguay and Paraguay will not be able to announce an agreement on external tariffs for their planned Mercosur common market when they meet Monday, officials said today.
Another candidate, Norman R. Augustine, chairman of the Martin Marietta Corporation, also made it known he did not want the job.
It's as if a cult of personality has sprung up around the owner who has been elevated to head baseball's ruling executive council, the man whose very presence has made the vacancy in the commissioner's office so irrelevant, owners no longer pretend to consider candidates.
But a mutation might derange the normal controls on that gene's expression and turn it on.
Crush the seeds, place in a bowl and stir in the coconut milk, curry powder, chilies, dry mustard and 1 teaspoon of the salt.
She appointed two Jordanian lawyers, Yacoub Far and Abdullah al-Khalil, to represent her and her mother, Meryem Gussal, who have been named by a New Jersey judge as the children's legal guardians.
Applications are not accepted; candidates are proposed by 100 anonymous nominators, and the foundation's board selects the recipients.
He does, however, report some financial advantages to poetry.
I have a lot of faith in them."
He also attached a 1979 letter from a Washington lawyer that vouched for Mr. Truong and cited "confidential sources associated with the United States Government."
But even revolutionaries need a break.
But he's going to find out he doesn't know Michael."
"The pendulum has swung too far in the direction of protection from theoretically harmful environmental affects," said H. Claude Shostal, president of the Regional Plan Association, which studies land-use issues in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
A la carte, $36, with wine.
And the basketball was as good as the pre-game hype.
The reformers' only success has been to convert the Court of Appeals to a gubernatorial appointment system that has brought new ethnic and racial diversity to the state's highest court.
He dismissed reports of diversion of Russian nuclear materials as a "provocation" by Western intelligence agencies to discredit Moscow's nuclear establishment.
Take the employer mandate from Mr. Gephardt and the market reforms from the bipartisan bill.
"I don't think the on-line market is quite ready to be sliced and diced that way," she said.
After the poet's death, until World War I, the house was part of a working farm.
"What we're trying to do is combat what is a real bad image among rank-and-file Southern Baptists about the environmental movement, while at the same time speak to our concern for the environment.
With the argument that the class would be beneficial for both groups, she persuaded a former teacher of hers at Adelphi, Jerry Fischman, to allow fourth graders into his class.
At last month's convention, Father Thompson proposed that the Mariological Society sponsor a Marian hymn-writing contest to introduce works about Mary.
The show is open Tuesdays through Fridays from noon to 8 P.M., and Saturdays from 10 A.M. to 5 P.M. Information: (212) 760-7760.
VENDETTA ALLEGED IN CHIEF'S SUSPENSION The police chief of Harrison, N.Y., has been suspended without pay in what one town official called a political vendetta by the Town Supervisor.
It did not take long for law-enforcement officials to realize that they, too, could delineate fingerprints this way.
CBS's taped format, showing events many hours after they happened, was not the standard way of showing the Winter Olympics around the world.
Didn't I tell you extra large?"
Couples, a member of the American team that won the title last year, was three strokes in front of Darren Clarke until he lost his putting stroke and bogeyed three of the last nine holes.
While still in his 20's he established a reputation for painting contemporary political events, and as a witness to his country's devastating civil war, he had plenty of dramatic material to work from.
But if diplomacy is to be the focus, Washington needs to lead the way to a more tough-minded diplomatic approach.
Price range: Lunch entrees, $8.95 to $11.95; dinner entrees, $12.95 to $18.95.
It runs nine sewage plants in the watershed that have long been in disrepair and have violated state guidelines.
"I want him out tonight," she said, but she was overruled.
Boston College has Representative Edward J. Markey, '68, a Massachusetts Democrat who heads the House Energy and Commerce Committee's panel on financial and telecommunications regulation.
His mother, Ifeta Bjelonja, said she and her three children walked for 20 days, sleeping in caves or in the woods, as they made their way over Mount Igman to Butmir on the outskirts of Sarajevo.
For Brown, the challenge goes beyond the techniques of passing.
"It's a bit sad that they have to abandon the 7-to-1 ratio, because it was a noble experiment at a time when pay disparities are rising," said Joan Bavaria, president of the Franklin Research and Development Corporation, a Boston company that manages investments for clients who have social concerns as well as monetary goals for their funds.
Her son lived with her in Valley Stream, L.I.
He also grabbed 11 rebounds for his second double-double in as many games.
If the Christian Coalition feels that Christ would want us to avoid universal health care, it should feel free to make that case in those terms.
But there were many others: Vietnam veterans, Danish tourists, vacationing families from South Carolina, even children as young as 6 who had become lost.
This is the story at the center of Roy Heath's "Armstrong Trilogy."
"It could have been a decade," he said.
Mary Jo Gustafson, a 25-year-old Mdewekantan who grew up in a rough-at-the-edges neighborhood in St. Paul and moved to a small house here a decade ago, now spends her days playing with her three young children in a big, fenced yard in the shade of oak and apple trees.
Conveyor, a 6-year-old chestnut who won the Alysheba Stakes at the Meadowlands three weeks ago, shot into contention as the 11 horses turned for home.
The company is now publishing books intended for wider markets, including couples and grandmothers.
Wall Street reacted favorably, as Philip Morris closed yesterday at $58.675, up 50 cents in trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
This would be the most restrictive export control ever imposed on countries that support terrorism.
After a mayoral campaign last fall that featured the two main candidates refusing to debate each other, calls went out for the independent agency that administers New York City's campaign-financing law to require candidates who accept public money to participate in debates.
Now, which actresses will play Nancy Kerrigan and her rival, Tonya Harding?
The basic athleticism of his style is focused on curved shapes, quick dynamic changes and repetitive motifs that acquire new meaning in different contexts.
Controversy over the participation of doctors in executions has led four leading medical and human rights groups to recommend changes in state and Federal laws to insure that they do not require physicians to violate professional ethics.
In contrast to the recent sugar shortfall, an abundance of Cuban art has sparked a surge of interest on the international market.
Recommended dishes: Linguine allea vongole; orecchiette with broccoli; penne with pancetta, radicchio and smoked cheese; frittura mista; fresh fruit tart.
's Radiation Laboratory and soon displayed a capacity for scientific leadership, becoming head of the Laboratory's Project Cadillac, which was concerned with the development of airborne radar.
For those who buy now on these plans, the first installment is not due for three to six months.
When that person comes back inside he works as a writer and an editor."
Geographical Disparity The suspected falsifications were varied.
Clear Channel, a San Antonio-based broadcasting company, already owns KHYS-FM, which serves the Houston metropolitan area.
Lawyers turned over to the union the first set of the clubs' economic information that was promised when the two sides began their negotiations more than six weeks ago.
A. C. Redford; production designer, Gary Frutkoff; produced by Jordan Kerner and Jon Avnet; released by Buena Vista Pictures.
He has not said whether he would endorse Bernadette Castro, the Republican candidate for United States Senator, or Elizabeth P. McCaughey, the party's choice for lieutenant governor.
Recently a few have been far more involved in current affairs and have invited more active viewer participation.
If it's downtown color you seek after hours, COFFEE SHOP, at Union Square West, is a jumbo Crayola box.
John fishes a dollar out of his pocket, lays it on the coffee table.
For Romanian Orphans THURSDAY -- The Princess Margarita of Romania Foundation will hold a fund-raiser to aid orphaned children in Romania, beginning at 6 P.M. at Christie's, 502 Park Avenue.
"We're in such a weird situation.
He lost his wife and son.
By subway, the park can be reached by the IRT No.
A 15-minute walk from the Village Vanguard on Seventh Avenue will get you to Bradley's, where the best of the young musicians, along with some brilliant older ones, congregate.
The company's suspects include a former clerk at Brown & Williamson's Louisville law firm, Merrell Williams, who company officials have accused of illegally making photocopies of confidential papers in the law firm's files.
White Cloud bathroom tissue, Solo liquid detergent and Puritan cooking oil were all merged with stronger-selling sibling brands.
This had never been done at the U.N.
After nearly three years in Africa she decided to move to Long Island, but she knew that thousands of children who were victims of violence, war and natural disasters needed help.
Now it's possible for me to know for sure.
Since the first fossil hominid was discovered in Java in 1891, a profusion of scientific names has been assigned to various human remains that may or may not all belong to the species Homo erectus.
investigation continues to focus exclusively on the Joseph Jett-Government securities matter," he said.
A statue, or perhaps a steadily growing lump of gunmelt placed somewhere on Capitol Hill so legislators would have to pass it at least once each day.
They might throw me back to Dallas, and I don't want that."
The editions (some in paperback, some in hard cover) are exactly the same.
Localizing interesting sounds is an ordinary human experience, but to scientists who study the human auditory system, the feat is mind-boggling.
And both moved to Janus Capital in Denver, following Thomas Marsico, who at 38 runs the big Janus 20 Fund.
Then there are the doers, those for whom the action is the explanation.
"I keep him in there a lot just so we have a steadying force," Yaralian said.
No less unhappy with the treaty were Jordanian and Palestinian Islamic groups, and after several recent terrorist attacks by the militant Hamas group, including the bus bombing last week that killed 23 people in Tel Aviv, Israel and Jordan are taking no chances with Mr. Clinton around.
Absentee Ballots Solicited The judges gave no explanation, although they promised a more complete decision later.
On Friday at 8 P.M., the Scarsdale Ballet Studio will present an evening of dance at the Tarrytown Music Hall to benefit a special-education program at the studio.
The committee was established in 1982 by President Ronald Reagan to help increase private support for the arts and the humanities.
The two recent cases that have heightened public anxiety over the unsupervised release of convicted sex offenders were the sexual assaults and killings of Amanda Wengert, 6, of Manalapan in March, and Megan Kanka, 7, of Hamilton Township last month.
The Bosnian Serb leader, Radovan Karadzic, who this morning informed United Nations officials of the blockade plan, held talks on the peace proposal in Belgrade this afternoon with Russia's Defense Minister, Gen. Pavel Grachev, and Russia's special envoy to the Yugoslav peace talks, Vitaly Churkin.
Since when does being a "6-foot-5 hunk" give one the right to vandalize, threaten, intimidate or force one's views on others?
in Port Jefferson, Mr. Solomon said he started looking "at the whole picture" instead of just numbers after losing a customer.
And then they began a chant: "Sit down, Scottie!
Few believe the word police can be brought to heel quickly, but the growing recognition of the problem -- there have been several big magazine articles and books on the subject since Mr. Tsutsui launched his protest -- heartens some of the critics.
In five robberies the gunman used chemical spray on employees.
Ms. Lay became a cartoonist after a disenchanting period studying fine art at the University of California, Los Angeles, in the early 1970's.
I've always thought best when I wrote.
A1 Jamaica may be used as a site for interviewing Haitian refugees.
They are producing it to fuel a generation of nuclear power plants whose time has never quite come.
It had no effect on me whatsoever."
Other executives likely to be affected by the changes include J. Michael Losh, the vice president in charge of North American vehicle sales, service and marketing.
"She would like life to go on and pick up from where we left off," she said.
Outside Mr. Duran's modest split-level Colorado house with red shutters, local police and Federal authorities were waiting for someone to come home.
We weren't scoring any points.
And, referring to Coach Jimmy Johnson: "He's a gutsy coach."
The campaign will try to overhaul Seiko's image, primarily with huge injections of a quality rarely found in the category: humor.
Wasn't Derek Harper supposed to solidify that position?
"Other than briefing the new person at the top each time, nothing much changed," said a member of the prosecution team.
b-After a charge of $ 97 million, or 64 cents a share, from an adjustment in accounting.Year-ago 9 months' results included the OrganoSilicon business, sold in July 1993.
Oakley still has four years remaining on his current deal that will pay him $2 million this season with a $200,000 raise for the following three seasons.
She did not whiffle or waffle, put her position off on the Supreme Court or wax politic about waiting periods.
The company currently occupies 5,600 square feet of space in Valhalla.
This was a mixed day for Steinbrenner.
It also has jointless fruit stems, a characteristic that has been genetically introduced into some commercial tomatoes to make them easier to harvest mechanically.
Senior executives report getting regular phone calls from Mr. Gerstner, not only during workdays but also on evenings and weekends, as he checks details of the business.
These advances in safety have been urged for years by the California Trial Lawyers Association.
Mr. Mitchell, 60, was divorced in the late 1980's.
At Sotheby's on Tuesday night, 46 works were offered and 29 found buyers.
I learned how different life was for those who are poor.
The agency's report focused on a tentative Pentagon plan to buy 80 more C-17's in later years, bringing the fleet to 120 planes.
The players, their labor leader added, "are prepared to accept a larger tax on player payrolls than on owners' gate receipts."
And what he shares with the more than 1,000 street peddlers who have been forced off 125th Street is outrage and frustration.
Almost exactly the same number of stocks rose in price as fell: or 1,126 advancing stocks and 1,125 declining stocks.
Although his aides spent 17 months drafting an elaborate welfare-overhaul bill that was introduced in Congress earlier this year, Mr. Clinton himself made no mention of it today.
"If he does a favor for my daddy, then I'm obligated to vote for him," Frank Guida, an air-conditioner repairman, said over morning coffee at a cafe in West Tampa.
Prominent among these are eyes shaped like teardrops, storm-tossed boats or liquid-spilling saucers; tears that hang from eyes like long nails or narrow cascading waterfalls.
Air bags and wood blocks were used to hold the teetering van, a late model white Ford, in place.
He remained in the real-estate business until his death.
But he is not naive about politics.
He said he has also asked his staff to consider a better way to pay for care.
The fourth and newest member of the troupe, Michael Preston, the man who had the audacity to cane a Teddy bear during a performance in Singapore, had not yet arrived in New York.
They not only apologized to Mr. Leach, but also voted hastily for an even bigger Whitewater inquiry just so no Republican could charge that Mr. Gonzalez was trying to hide Mr. Clinton's dirty laundry.
He said he did not know what his grades were but had asked Swarthmore officials to forward his transcript to the admissions office at Columbia.
Instead of high-rise towers, the 585-unit development is made up of a series of four-story, attached town-house-style buildings.
Yesterday, after his appointment was announced, Mr. Bauman said, "I think while everyone understands the desperate financial situation the city is in, that we -- over the next year or so -- can make a case for maintaining the city's involvement in television and radio.
Lawyers, politicians and columnists were divided about Mr. Dowd, an able criminal defense lawyer and a hail-fellow with ruddy cheeks raised on Ireland Street in Elmhurst, Queens.
Moreover, some experts wonder how the multiracial classification would be defined.
Mr. Calabresi's 1970 book, "The Costs of Accidents: A Legal and Economic Analysis," was a seminal study in the modern law of torts.
The practice now, said Mr. Stein, is for the police to send a youth home with a form requiring him to appear later at Family Court.
If virtuosity could save the world, Earth Wind and Fire would have done the job by now.
His textbook "Plant Pathology" was used around the world.
It seems equally clear that CUNY is doing all it can to hold out for the best deal on a project that it never solicited in the first place and that was basically imposed on it by Mr. Flake.
They were three people who had struggled in the last year to keep going in the face of serious financial pressure.
Scott Niedermayer, in his second full year in the league and Stevens's partner, is the man with the most offensive potential.
We have it, but we often succumb to apathy; we lose faith in ourselves.
That issue was never resolved.
Even coordinated intervention by the United States and its allies to buy dollars to support the American currency has had little impact on investors' views.
"Back in December, we were talking to Troy Aikman right after he signed his contract and he said the only thing that bothered him was the eight years.
"The banner of Cardenism is more or less a moral idea," Mr. Meyer said.
There are now about 1,380 female priests in churches within the Anglican communion around the world.
"The President's plan was nothing more than rhetoric," he said.
With birdies on the last two holes, Estes followed Thursday's 62 with a a 6-under-par 65.
That victory ended 17 years of rule by the United National Party.
Mr. Collor, athletic and handsome, liked to compare himself with Indiana Jones.
But national insults have consequences.
"We did the theoretical, classroom calculations first," Ms. Lopez said.
Both parties appealed to the college's president, Alfred H. Bloom, who determined that Mr. Yearwood had not sexually harassed Ms. Clinansmith but had "severely scared" her as well as several other students and members of the staff and faculty.
The North American Free Trade Agreement.
The last known case in which the bureau was involved with the Bryants was three years ago, the police said.
'Luck of the Draw' "It is a lottery, the luck of draw, depending on where you live," she said.
"If an employee of a securities firm can prove that he was dismissed by reason of his attempts to stop violations of securities laws, he has a cause of action against the firm for wrongful discharge," Justice Schackman wrote.
I have climbed Split Rock light in Minnesota, perched above the sheer cliffs of Lake Superior, and enjoyed a panorama of San Diego harbor from the grounds of the Old Point Loma Lighthouse.
The romantic problems of a 13th-century English widow.
So he turned to writing.
When bond prices fall, the yield goes up to attract investors with higher rates.
She doesn't cook often and doesn't wear an apron when she does.
He often visits his New Jersey properties and enjoys talking to the residents.
Lack of sponsorship forced the 30-year old jumper to use inferior equipment last season, financing his training by borrowing money against his valuable collection of medals.
Administration Sees Hope Mr. Reischauer concluded his opening statement today with a personal note.
(AP) Heat 124, Hornets 118: Rony Seikaly scored 10 of his 21 points as visiting Miami outscored Charlotte by 30-12 to open the third quarter, then held off a comeback to hand the Hornets their fifth straight loss.
That does not include the President and his top staff, who are busy by themselves.
Doctors have generally been careful in prescribing heparin because of the well-known bleeding risks.
She's chosen a guy out of the business.
Technically, Mr. Levine will not have the same title: he was appointed president and chief operating officer of Sony Pictures Entertainment.
She and Mr. Kitaj were married in 1983.
He started with a group lesson ($15), but after five minutes, it was clear that the disorganized class, with its wide age range, was making my son miserable.
Many women already enrolled would feel stranded, she said, others would take tamoxifen on their own without proper supervision out of desperation, and "hundreds of thousands of breast cancer survivors who are taking tamoxifen would be concerned about a vote of no confidence, and may discontinue their medication with life-threatening results."
If that fight is unsuccessful, Newark would become the third district to be controlled by the state.
The case is McIntyre v. Ohio, No.
The Darwood letter, a copy of which was provided to The New York Times by a recipient, assured clients that despite the change of name, the back office staff and computer data base would remain the same.
I like to see my friends.
Out With the Old (House) The air may have been cold as the year huffed its last, but the economy was undeniably hot.
This effectively dealt the critic out of the high-stakes game of art marketing, said Jonathan Crary, a professor of art history at Columbia University.
"Tom Frost knows we love him,' said Harvey Mitchell, the Bank One Texas chief executive, in an interview.
Student of history, lover of architecture, master of demography, Mr. Moynihan extends his energies from reorganizing the Social Security Administration to rebuilding the General Post Office adjoining Penn Station as a new Amtrak terminal.
The parents, Rod and Eileen Mullin, are gone now, lost to cancer about three years apart.
A17 Egypt's leader spared no expense to create a scene of harmony.
They said an investigation would take weeks to complete.
Lance Painter (0-2), who entered the game with a 14.73 earned run average, went five-plus innings in his second start since being recalled from the minors on April 18.
Almost no one outside the Government likes the key-escrow idea.
During his campaign for mayor, Mr. Giuliani frequently appealed for the Justice Department to intervene in the case, particularly in light of a Brooklyn jury's 1992 acquittal of Lemrick Nelson Jr. in the killing.
This year I'm trying an early start again."
"It's not a level playing field, when owners have a remedy and the players do not have a comparable remedy enjoyed by other similarly situated athletes," Mack and Graham wrote in their letter to Hatch, who is expected to be chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee when Congress reconvenes early next month.
From 1970 until he retired in 1980, he headed the art department at City College.
"There's nothing wrong with me," Young said.
Mr. Walesa said today that he would give his response to the NATO offer to Mr. Clinton when he sees him.
Please send bread crumbs c/o Calvin Klein.
Isiah Thomas has become the newest and hottest candidate to fill the Knicks' point guard slot vacated by the injured Doc Rivers.
This can cause impingement tendinitis, for example, after serving lots of tennis balls or swimming the crawl for a long period.
CINCINNATI REDS Injuries picked off the Reds one by one last season.
The Nikkei was up 18.2 points for the week.
If the correct call occasionally requires a delay while the instant-replay judge in an upstairs booth studies the replay, so be it.
Publicis acquired Bloom FCA in October and merged both agencies' New York offices to create Publicis/Bloom.
This latest strategy is intended to avoid overburdening administrators, to reduce costs and to concentrate at first on the youngest mothers, who are at greatest risk of longterm dependency on welfare.
They live in a small house several hundred yards off the main road, tended by a nine-year-old grandson who just returned after three weeks hiding in the countryside.
George L. Schultz, a philanthropist and former president of the toiletries manufacturer Shulton Inc., died on Friday at his summer home in Essex Fells, N.J.
Ted Harbert, president of ABC Entertainment, also said ABC had given no guarantees to Wind Dancer for "Thunder Alley."
If approved by the university's regents, as expected, Simmons would become the first black head football coach in Big Eight history and just the fifth black coach at a National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I-A school.
Raw materials used for construction have jumped 15.3 percent in the last 12 months, the Producer Price Index shows.
The vast majority of German soldiers saw the D-Day landings as a threat to their country's very existence, to be repelled at all costs.
She is a daughter of Palma and Charles Schwarz of Astoria, Queens.
Mrs. Simms, 39, graduated from Vassar College and received an M.B.A. from New York University.
The job cuts announced yesterday include the resignation of Ken Rodriguez, president of the company's Cignal division of 76 stores.
Its operating costs -- with no mortgage payments, taxes, water and sewer bills, or insurance -- are about $450 for a typical two-bedroom.
Other Schools Hear Mary Schmidt Campbell, the dean of the Tisch School of the Arts at New York University, said its drama school had not received a letter from the endowment but understood that it would be losing its grant.
Las Vegas, she said, has only about 10 years until it will have to start denying water to new residents.
I pull into town, and it's like word just spreads."
Arizona State lost to Oklahoma by 4-3 in 11 innings on Rick Gutierrez's sacrifice fly.
Dr. Dunlop has a reputation as a tough-minded, behind-closed-doors deal maker who has little patience with public dialogue.
Yet while there is no reason to panic, many analysts said, the rise in the C.R.B.
On a visit home, he once told me, a constituent had approached him saying, "Isn't it just awful about this Dixon-Yates business?"
Innis suggests carrying business cards, even resumes, to parties, and using the time to chat people up.
"Poor Americans, always playing away," Greek Coach Alkis Panagoulias, who formerly coached the United States, lamented last weekend.
CCB also granted him stock options plus $780,000 in free stock and $280,800 to pay the taxes on the free stock.
While Social Security and Medicare are great ideas and should always be a part of our system, they need to be rethought and overhauled.
2 2 7 DISCLOSURE, by Michael Crichton.
Mr. Weber himself makes the comparison between these images and his fashion and celebrity photographs.
I climbed on the backs of those who never had the kind of opportunity that I had."
The bill would force plans to hire doctors they do not want to use -- undermining the plans' ability to raise the quality and lower the cost of care.
The Brazilian stock market has been red-hot, with the Bovespa stock index rising 90 percent in dollar terms this year.
"It could have been a real mess.
"When they killed the enemy soldiers, did anybody ever admonish them?"
This is not Hinduism, which teaches tolerance and nonviolence."
Surrounding the pyramid of naked shrimp is a bright green ring of broccoli.
1 How the proposed compromise might work.
The league president is Gene Budig, not Buddig.
Atmosphere: A storefront with take-out display case in front, cafe in rear stylishly decorated in charcoal, white and black.
Rather than admit to sneaking off in the afternoon for a smoke, we pretend to be having an affair.
Barkley said his allergies and the bright stage lights caused him to rub his eyes, and he got lotion in both eyes.
* Three-quarters are having trouble saving for their children's education.
My worry was that the interim Government would either disqualify me before the elections or they would not hold the elections.
The two appointments represent the installation of a new generation of management at the company, which was built by Mr. Murphy, now 69 years old, and his longtime colleague, Daniel B. Burke, who left the company at 65 earlier this year.
A voracious reader, she is one of the school's two spelling bee champions.
The swiftness of Washington's response reflects the Clinton Administration's belief that Iraq remains a menace to the region.
To the Editor: "WNYC Belongs to New Yorkers, Not to Mayor" (letter, Feb. 11) by Constantine Karalis, who appreciatively lauds WNYC, the city station, for its continued presentation of classical music, is right on target in his taste.
Greg Rodstram said, beginning his nightly instructions.
Although McLennan suffered his first N.H.L.
Bickel's various styles, found on houses all over Garmisch-Partenkirchen, and now protected as artistic monuments, can look like textbook examples of the Nazi esthetic: idealized -- even monumental -- peasants with alpine faces, building things, climbing mountains, making toasts; timeless in their way, until you notice a mid-20th century woman's dress, or a man in a sport coat.
The parliamentary report said Mr. Conde had run the bank virtually as his personal fief, bypassing the board on numerous decisions.
Of course if you can help deaf people you should help them.
As a manager of six major league teams over more than two decades, he led the Oakland A's to the 1972 and 1973 World Series championships, the 1967 Red Sox and the 1984 Padres to pennants, the 1971 A's to a divisional title.
Mannered, loyal and discreet, the good butler is also unflappable to a fault, a trait perhaps best underscored by a man who once worked for Lord Dunsany, the Irish poet.
There may be ways of scaring criminals out of committing crimes, but "three strikes, you're out" is not one.
When he opened the door, one of the men hit him in the face with a gun.
But Mr. Jenkins is wrong.
But she conceded that the Government had no information to contradict Mr. Ames's statement that his wife was unaware of his activities until 1992, more than seven years after he had begun spying.
"It became apparent to me that there were a number of things in which H.H.C.
The contract for November delivery expired yesterday.
"It had been so long, too long," she said.
"There is no better time and place to play a pioneering role," he said.
12 20 SCHINDLER'S LIST, by Thomas Keneally.
The SUNY Health Science Center consists of a College of Medicine -- the largest in New York State -- a College of Nursing, a College of Health-Related Professions, a School of Graduate Studies and a major research center, as well as University Hospital, a 376-bed teaching hospital providing primary and tertiary health care to the 2.7 million residents of Brooklyn and Staten Island.
Plans are in the air to tour Europe next year.
Lola Faturoti, a Nigerian designer who attracted 600 people to her runway show of African Victoriana last spring at the Museum for African Art in SoHo, showed at ABC Carpet and Home, at Broadway and 19th Street, on Friday evening.
To the Editor: Anthony Lewis astutely assesses the "Murdochization" of British newspapers (column, July 4) but fails to point out the creeping influence of tabloid values on Britain's once-revered radio and television news.
Mr. Vacco said his experience prosecuting a broad range of crimes will serve him if he is elected attorney general.
Shares in AST Research Inc. dropped sharply yesterday after word circulated on Wall Street that the company would restate its financial results for its second quarter, which ended on Jan. 1.
They don't have other programs.
Chile would retain the right to set its own external tariffs.
However, there are a score of other families with members also called frogs or toads, and they all have the same general body plan, distinctly froglike, or toadlike.
That's because they are the creations of Mac Wellman, a playwright whose approach to a subject seems to involve throwing a crazy salad of words at it and seeing which ones stick.
Mr. Burke produces one sadistic submarine hunter who inflicts unspeakably inventive tortures on his victims before his refined tastes in classical jazz give him away.
These days, the continuing court proceedings required to monitor the settlement provide an unsettling backdrop to Central and other schools in the state's largest urban area as they must also deal with the family breakdowns, crime and drug use that trouble many schools around the country.
Most of the 88 patients chosen for the experiment over the next 11 years had breast, lung or gastrointestinal malignancies, known as solid tumors.
If the commercial is aimed at North supporters or even the shrinking population of undecided voters in the state, it does not look or sound incendiary enough to lure people into the Robb camp, especially because the episodes cited have been thoroughly examined before.
"This one is finished," he said, showing me an angel.
"Why don't you come in?"
And it has colors that vibrate off the plate.
The tandoori dishes are cooked with admirable authority, lamb is treated with real respect and the vegetables are a joy.
"I sensed happy vibes from East," Hutzler reports, "so, right or wrong, I assumed a 4-1 trump split."
"I think it would be lovely to have real children someday, but I cannot believe that I will love children as much," said Mrs. Wu, 30, who has a high-paying job in a Shanghai cargo company and has adopted a Western first name.
The study also found that the best overall cardiovascular effect -- nearly equal to that from taking estrogen alone -- was found when a little-used form of the natural hormone progesterone was substituted for progestin.
SCRIPT Announcer: "For 12 long years, Mario Cuomo raised taxes, driving out jobs and opportunity.
Enrique Krauze: Mexico holds its breath.
Mr. Abdelmeguid's comments, delivered to an audience of business investors and Israeli officials, reflected a general mood among Arab delegates.
"The project in this district is still in its infancy.
After serving in the Army Air Forces in World War II, Mr. Roland took on a greater variety of roles.
"On the other hand, our accession to this program would enable us to sway the future evolution of this program according to Russia's nationalist interests," he added.
The bank also said interest it earned on the bonds in its trading portfolio increased to $177 million in the first quarter from $117 million a year earlier, partly compensating for the trading losses.
Moreover, the New York operation has bent the mandate somewhat to be relevant.
TELEVISED SOCCER MATCHES, Norwegian Seamen's Church, 317 East 52d Street, Turtle Bay.
GOLF Reeves and Kestner Share Met Lead John Reeves of Fairview and Darrell Kestner of Deepdale shared the lead with a 36-hole total of 147 after yesterday's second round of the Izod/Cadillac Metropolitan PGA Championship at the Stanwich Club in Greenwich, Conn. Reeves posted a 74 to gain the deadlock with Kestner, the first-round leader, who soared to a six-over-par 78.
Mr. D'Amato deepened the rift by underestimating Mr. Marino's opposition and failing to consult him before backing Mr. Pataki.
In the new guidelines, that purpose is explicitly stated, giving commercial considerations much higher priority than before.
The details of the ABC deal were apparently influenced by a proposal from NBC, which would have given Ms. Sawyer four hours of prime-time exposure every week.
He added that the wording in the agreement calling for steady and gradual improvement after 1992 referred to market access, not market share.
The winner will play either Toronto or Vancouver in the Stanley Cup finals.
About half the people in the room are women, most of them wearing the company standard tan vests and skirts.
"Nothing," one person replied, "What's a newt with you?"
The earliest piece, "Bush of Elephants" (1948), with its curving tusks and whimsically interlocking earlike planes, points to Hare's interest in Picasso and in African art.
Dubbing themselves Bobwanians, the 40 or so members meet monthly to draft a women's manifesto that is mailed to chief executives and professional organizations in the region.
Praised by Colleague Dr. June Osborn, a virologist who is now the dean of the University of Michigan School of Public Health in Ann Arbor, who said she became close friends with Dr. Temin over the 16 years that they had taught together in Madison, described him as "totally focused, he had incredible control that kept him from getting distracted."
The treaty needs Senate approval for ratification, and Senator Murkowski said he would push for its approval in the committee and the full Senate.
"They were trying to do their best with an unbearable situation," Officer Leo Frank said.
Cheering May Be Premature A large group of summer students and faculty members cheered today when the Dean of the Faculty, Warren Funk, announced the decision to remain open.
One way, about $5, $2.55 for children, calculated at the rate of $1.50 to $:1; round trip, $7.20 and $3.60.
The only way to prevent osteoporosis is a lifetime of calcium consumption, especially during the teen-age years and the early 20's.
Its passage would be a mistake.
"I would have liked to have seen something as unique as the front end in the rear as well, but it worked out well given the cost considerations," he said.
"Every person in this country and in this state who is suffering from the type of diseases that Thomas Hyde suffered from and wanted to have at least the right to decide -- their rights were on trial here."
Last year, about 35 percent of the food was airlifted or airdropped.
If the strawberries are large, cut them in halves or fourths lengthwise.
Mr. Sullivan, whose fee from the suit was about $4 million, decided to take up the cause of Eric Jackson without charge.
There are no Right-to-Life candidates in the Supreme Court race in the Ninth Judicial District.
Cystic fibrosis is a crippling hereditary disease that results in the lungs becoming blocked with sticky mucous.
Just ask Mark Jackson, a starting wide receiver for the Giants last year, an unemployed player 10 weeks ago and now a Giants starter again.
The fans watched the game on television.
The Federal Reserve Board reported that February industrial production rose four-tenths of 1 percent and capacity use rose to 83.4 percent, its highest since 83.9 percent in June 1989.
The Virginia Cavaliers appear to be playing well at the right time of year again.
4 Dead in Queens Shootout A Taiwanese couple who rented rooms to fellow immigrants were killed by a tenant in a shooting spree that left four dead in three locations throughout central Queens.
East is that it's such a tough division with a lot of good teams that we're used to just about everything."
They also love geraniums and impatiens and all those tender annuals.
But Riley revealed that Starks did not react well after he was temporarily removed from the starting lineup following New York's four-game losing streak in February.
"I started dancing because I thought I wouldn't be able to do anything beautiful," he said, adding that "19-year-old black boys" like himself were not supposed to be concerned with atomic submarines.
The academic underpinnings for this real-life drama are offered in "Sex, Violence and Power in Sports" (The Crossing Press) by Michael A. Messner and Donald F. Sabo, two sociologists who write from the perspective of feminists and ex-college athletes.
The Downtown Grille in Montauk and 107 Forest Avenue in Locust Valley received awards of excellence for their wine lists from The Wine Spectator magazine.
If any earthly power can restore "Pilgrim's Progress" to the children's library, this handsome version ought to do it, with its large, elegant pages, sharp typography, acres of white space and above all Barry Moser's watercolor illustrations.
Where 'Ball Boys' Are Also Girls, Grown-Ups, and Sometimes, Players A PATCH of blue in a sea of concrete, 280 more-or-less young men and women are perched high above center court.
In the minds of his opponents who cannot raise as much money as Mr. Spitzer can simply spend, he underscores with every 30-second television spot the power of cash in modern-day electioneering.
A District Adrift Like other parents, she said she sensed that the district was adrift.
By January, a manager promised he would intercede on her behalf.
The second incarnation of this event, on view through the weekend at the Puck Building in SoHo, is higher in quality than last year's effort.
The gallery did a similar show last year with such affirmative results that the directors decided to repeat it with a new collection.
But Rei Kawakubo in her Comme des Garcons collection, the last show of the opening day of the Paris spring-summer season, sweetened that defiance by mingling elements of feminine dress with the manliest tailoring.
The middle class has dropped drugs."
But change will be slow.
Upstairs, past a racoon-ravaged picnic table, William Civalier, a lone bartender, stood behind the circular bar in the middle of the club's combination lounge and unisex bathroom.
But in the trials, her time of 56.32 seconds was second fastest to Martino's 55.22.
His rise from poverty to success is the kind of story that even some conservatives would cheer even as they criticize his nomination.
More than 15,400 Haitians, most of whom fled their country in July, returned to Haiti after the return of President Jean-Bertrand Aristide in October.
Charles's two best friends, Sid (Bob McGrath) and Jeff (Brian O'Neill) are equally obnoxious.
Mr. Anderson is seeking approval from the Environmental Protection Agency and the Department of Transportation for the vehicles.
"This is a hand-animated plush toy."
He started out as a clerk in the Nigerian Railways before joining the Government Service as a cadet administrative officer in 1943.
And she has been lobbying hard for the lead in a feature film she declines to name but for which she promises she is aptly suited.
Mr. Lee's brother, Edward, who lives in Great Neck, L.I., accompanied the police into his brother's house yesterday, stunned.
A full-service salon specializing in hair color, where Ivana Trump stays blond and Anna Wintour brunette.
(212) 727-2222 Central Park West Locksmith(B,Q,BX) .
The more experience I get, the more patient I become."
Soon enough, he wrote a column titled "An Embarrassment of Riches," that attacked the intersection of our marital and professional lives.
Mayor Alex Olejko of Lorain, a Democrat, said he could not figure it out.
"If you're looking for evidence of change, the fact that Beckwith is being prosecuted indicates there's a new day for justice in this state," said Neil McMillen, a history professor at the University of Southern Mississippi.
Somewhere along the line, though, Ms. Ebert got hold of herself and decided on a far more civilized option: she sued Mr. Weiss in Small Claims Court for the hundreds of dollars in rent money he owed her.
The bride, who graduated from the State University College at Purchase, N.Y., is a freelance translator.
When it gets up to $100, maybe I'll do something special."
Richardson and the Black Coaches Association think that the new measures are aimed at black athletes.
He said the only way was to split him out wide, and the coach was reluctant to advertise that Mitchell would be used as a receiver.
Both the Chavis affair and the accusations against Mr. Gibson stunned supporters of the organization, which is currently about $4 million in debt.
Either way, a deal never happened, and those who know Mr. Hata say they do not expect to see him concluding one with Americans anytime soon.
As last year, the cast gamboled in Mr. Lancaster's resort attire.
Gulko got off to a good start in Round 1 on Oct. 11 by winning from Walter Browne, a six-time United States champion from Berkeley, Calif.
"All the power is out," said Warren Wilkerson, the police dispatcher for Laurel County.
It is a situation he cannot ignore or neglect to try to change, he says.
She also lectured in programs drawn from her husband's many books.
The 5-foot-11-inch, 170-pound point guard is known to light up the scoreboard when the Catamount need a lift.
The German state-controlled airline, Deutsche Lufthansa A.G., said today that it would raise $780 million in a share issue intended to put 65 percent of its stock in the hands of private investors.
And the defensive line has put little pressure on opposing quarterbacks.
He said investigators, including forensic experts are seeking to determine if she had poured any of the gasoline on her clothing and over the car interior.
Movements rippled through her body and she emphasized Odette's avian nature with countless birdlike flutterings.
Baz's Sanity Questioned Law-enforcement officials, who have spent the last month trying to uncover a motive for the attack while exploring Mr. Baz's possible political or criminal connections, said yesterday that they did not believe the livery-cab driver had fired on the van as part of a premeditated act of revenge for the events in Hebron.
In a decision issued Thursday, a five-judge panel ruled unanimously that a trial court judge violated the defendant's constitutional rights when the judge refused to allow a former state police investigator to be questioned about assertions that his supervisor had suggested that he fake evidence in the case and that other troopers were aware of the evidence tampering.
She was transported the 70 miles to Lexington by van this morning, and a few hours later underwent surgery to insert a pin in her right front ankle, where she had suffered a displaced condylar fracture of the cannon bone and an axial fracture of the sesamoid.
But its unashamedly racist depiction of Reconstruction has made it one of the most troubling masterworks in American cinema.
25 Arts/Entertainment 13-14, 17 Theater: "Macbeth" al fresco.
The Justice Department needs to explain the workings of its fledgling death penalty apparatus.
Stationing cameramen in the theater's aisles is not enough.
They're also 3-0-3 in their last six road games and 6-1-4 in their last 11 against the Blues.
The closely watched four-week moving average, which irons out weekly fluctuations and is considered a more accurate indicator of jobless trends than the weekly totals, dipped in the week ended last Saturday.
No charges have been brought against the suspects.
Mr. Bryant has infused the branch with his own native combativeness.
But hearings-containment will not work; sometimes hypocrisy asks too much.
On Sunday night, after the arrest of Mr. Halloun and his companions, whose organization is largely composed of men of Lebanese descent, the radio frequency used by the gunmen was filled with wrath.
REGION CURBS URGED ON BORROWING Governor Cuomo said that he wanted tighter restrictions on borrowing that is not subject to taxpayer approval.
So he felt badly, he said, that last week's snowstorm began six hours earlier than he had predicted.
And I think we would probably have to vindicate that interest by then putting in ground troops."
March unleaded gasoline was off 1.32 cents at 43.35 cents a gallon.
Excuse some Minnesota Vikings players and fans for rubbing their eyes and scratching their heads during the last off season when quarterback Jim McMahon was the team's major free-agent choice, but to many, this seemed like less than a shot in the dark.
Xerox has not only recognized the necessity of overhauling its electromechanical machines.
That dilemma has contributed to the tentative signing pace for the 368 unrestricted and 99 restricted free agents.
The official said that no more than 10 percent of Haitians who now apply for asylum at processing centers in Haiti are found to be eligible, and that the United States does not expect this to change.
"He was an important man in the Olympic movement," said Juan Antonio Samaranch of Spain, the president of the International Olympic Committee.
Chosen for the post by the 22-member board of directors, she will be the Players' first female president.
He hooked up with Calloway for those 26 yards, then made another third-down connection with Mike Sherrard for 13 yards.
Representative Gary A. Franks, a Republican from Waterbury who was seen as vulnerable in his bid for a third term, handily won re-election tonight after a lackluster campaign that focused on personal attacks and complaints even by the candidates that they weren't talking about the issues.
Long identified with design excellence, London Transport is particularly famous for its streamlined logo, a bright red circle bisected by a horizontal bar.
IT is no accident that, statewide, New York maintains one of the best teacher-to-student ratios in the country or that the state contributes to the cost of busing students to and from private and parochial schools.
At the moment, the membership is mostly older male scholars, and the group is open to the charge that its members have rejected out of hand the new approaches and resisted the professional rise of younger scholars.
On Oct. 13 the publicity turned deadly when a prominent physician, Dr. Robert K. Match, was killed after his car left the lane, crossed the four-foot-wide buffer separating it from the general-purpose lanes and crashed into a gasoline tanker in the rush hour.
But Cyrix has languished in third place, at least in part because it lacked its own manufacturing capability.
"If you have something interesting to say, tell us and we will tell the world."
Broadcast live to 800,000 people, the original "Three Tenors" concert became a smash hit on records (more than 10 million sold) and on video (with sales of more than a million).
If I sense anything today, it seems like a frustration on your part about an inability or just for some reason you haven't gotten across to the American people the messages that you want to get across.
In what is widely considered one of the most flagrant examples, the Mevs family has reportedly been building a huge oil depot here to help the army defy the embargo.
It was also a demonstration of how Joe, for all his shrewd street-bred tough business exterior, was led in decisions by his heart and his hopes.
A candidate for governor, a reporter told her.
Pages Inc., St. Petersburg, Fla., 1.5 million shares.
It is my understanding that in New York State a condo is permitted to spend money from the fund for anything it deems necessary without restriction.
Billings were estimated at $25 million over the program's three-year contract with Grey, which has handled five big coin assignments for the Mint since 1985.
Next, the House and Senate will take up measures called budget resolutions, prepared by their Budget Committees, which specify how much revenue will be raised during the fiscal year that begins on Oct. 1 and how much can be spent in broad classifications.
"These hearings are going to be a bloodbath for G.M.," he said.
b-After a benefit of $ 3,934,000, or 7 cents a share, from an adjustment in accounting.Each reporting period included a pretax LIFO charge.
"It's something most people would have a problem with."
b-Included an extraordinary charge of $ 887,000, or 12 cents a share, on loss from early retirement of debt, in the quarter and 9 months.
"It's not that kind of movie.
Those workers are also getting the day off, but they are being asked to pay $30 for bus fare.
She donated more than $2 million.
Alain DeCoster, who replaced Richard Allen, has departed, and an associate of Mr. Allen's has been appointed.
Representative Robert G. Torricelli, a New Jersey Democrat who is a member of the House intelligence committee, has criticized Mrs. Ames's sentence as too lenient, but prosecutors defended the plea bargain.
"I don't think anything is a surprise anymore.
Most harassment cases reflect clear abuses, or at least much closer calls.
What more could they ask for?"
The market had expected something more aggressive from the Fed, he said, to show that it was serious about fighting inflation.
"There's a wonderful diversity of students of all races and ethnic backgrounds who come from rural and suburban towns," Ms. Bargnesi said.
For Some, Death "We've had an outbreak of fine-seed feeders around here," Dr. Applegate said.
Neither group would say how many proposals it had received, but both said they had come mainly from academic and nonprofit research groups.
B11 TV Sports B13 Robert Lipsyte B14 Basketball: Knicks seek clincher in Chicago.
It is once again in remission.
Actually, the Americans with Disabilities Act allows employers to require medical examinations only if they are required of all newly hired people in a job category, not just those with possible disabilities.
There's no type that has it done.
Each of the victims was bludgeoned, strangled or shot.
"But I think Playboy is the only magazine of that type not demeaning.
"This way, everything got discussed, and finally acted on."
The principal players in Brooklyn, however, feel they might be at a critical stage in the development of downtown.
Six times this year, the Federal Reserve has increased short-term interest rates, trying to brake the economy, including a 0.75-percent jump yesterday.
Formally, the Government's position remains that it is willing to uproot Golan settlements and to give up territory, but not all of it.
A supporter of the rulings, Clint Bolick, litigation director for the Institute for Justice, a conservative legal group based in Washington, said the rulings would blunt the use of the Voting Rights Act as a tool for liberals intent on guaranteeing the election of minorities.
The choreography's depth and effectiveness lie in its beautiful restraint.
career, I'll take this for my Drive," Brown said.
Opening-night tickets, $25, from (212) 288-6220, or $30 at the door.
By the time I got there, the driver was peering at a car with a For Sale sign in the window.
In a startling departure for a company that traditionally insists on grooming its own managers, Mr. Hoglund, 59, said G.M.
FIRE CHIEF CALLS FOR SAFER CIGARETTES Thirteen chiefs and commissioners of fire departments around the country, most representing major cities, have called on the tobacco industry to manufacture fire-safe cigarettes, making use of a simple technology that they say could save hundreds of lives each year.
The post-cold-war world is characterized by free markets.
Most of the objects revealed by the new survey have never been seen before.
The Nikkei index of 225 issues lost 227.54 points, or 1.09 percent, to end at 20,726.65.
On Tuesday, a Superior Court jury here awarded compensatory damages of nearly $1.6 million to DeRita's widow, Jean.
That portion of the decision applies specifically to people who work or are seeking work in close contact with children.
(AP) WOMEN'S BASKETBALL Lobo Sparks Huskies Rebecca Lobo made all 11 of her shots and scored 25 points yesterday as No.
"What does it take to get a foot?"
I'm very, very happy I'm helping to do this.
has indicated that it wants to expand that rule to cover more orders, but Mr. Ketchum called that proposal "questionable," citing "a risk of harming the marketplace."
The removal from Colgate's roster of McCann and Lowe, owned by the Interpublic Group of Companies, was not unexpected.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide, by a coup in 1991.
Some of the researchers who attended said that the emergence of a commercial cyberspace not only threatens the virtual communities of the Internet but will also weaken communities and neighborhoods in the real world as more and more people spend their days and nights in front of computer monitors.
Ward will join Derek Harper, the incumbent starter; Doc Rivers, and Greg Anthony at the Knicks' crowded point guard position.
But in the combustion chamber, the gasoline becomes vaporized at temperatures of up to 1,600 degrees Fahrenheit.
About New York by Michael T. Kaufman 25 Neediest Cases 25 Chronicle 24
He is Dr. Thomas L. Walker, not Dr. Thomas L. Clark.
"The price on Salman Rushdie's head is also much higher than the price on my head," she said, adding, "but that doesn't nessarily reduce the risks."
14) and Schubert's Opus 142 Impromptus, the playing was even more peculiar, verging on mannerism.
"Sitcom" would have been more like it.
But language remains the greatest barrier, not just between people and nations but between intellectuals and artists who might be especially eager to overcome such barriers.
That information will be filed in one or more amended disclosure statements during September, Carol Sanger, a spokeswoman for Federated, said.
Daily three-hour cruises around Manhattan and two-hour "star attractions" and "harbor lights" cruises.
Post-Classical Humanistic Studies: Katherine Ludwig Jansen, a doctoral candidate at Princeton University.
"Whether I was an African-American, an Arab-American, a Jewish-American, or some other American, there are a lot of people who I cannot let down, so you have to live your life a certain way to be a role model to the peoole who are important to you."
But it also can be dangerous, particularly when the road is slick.
Two years ago, Vernel Bagneris, the New Orleans-based creator of the Off Broadway shows "One Mo' Time" and "Further Mo' " put together a cabaret tribute to Jelly Roll Morton that became one of the most successful shows ever to play at Michael's Pub.
An estimated $11.5 billion has been liquidated from the fund since Orange County's bankruptcy by Wall Street firms holding collateral for the county against reverse repurchase agreements, know as "repos."
He had been superintendent of schools in San Francisco and was awaiting confirmation as an Assistant United States Secretary of Education.
Norwest's shares edged up 12.5 cents, to $23.
BRAZILIAN NOVEL THE TREE OF THE SEVENTH HEAVEN By Milton Hatoum.
Your solution to the problem is to have the Federal Government compensate the states for this.
Those problems have since been solved.
's could pay off" the three men.
Which is why someone who has been at the same place for more than two decades would leave for a new challenge.
There was some discussion, and that's about it.
Mr. Fisch, 36, also writes and arranges music for commercials for Three Tree Productions in New York.
By the time the Viennese hooker who said Felix liked rough trade weighed in, the case was such a circus that when the Blochs went to visit their daughter at her suburban home, neighbors watched from lawn chairs and children sold lemonade.
But in September, as part of a diplomatic effort to appear cooperative with the United Nations, Iraqi officials handed over information in Geneva on 45 Kuwaitis on the list.
But Vedder's voice, enraged and elegiac, personalizes almost every song.
Employers were very nervous about taking what Mr. Saveth described as a "vertical plunge" into Government regulation.
Mr. Assad is beginning, however haltingly, to discuss substance, which for Syria is progress.
Despite profit growth, Wal-Mart's shares fell $1.25, to $22.75 in late trading, and touched a 52-week low of $22.25.
In Louisiana, legislators passed a law banning martial arts in state prisons and considered a ban on television before state corrections officials lobbied against it.
On Aug. 15, investors in the Sao Paulo market set a record for trading in one day, $2.38 billion.
The two were arrested by the Nazis on April 5, 1943.
There is also an excellent beer list.
He has style and talent and a good sense of fashion.
announced that manufacturers of folic acid supplements would be allowed to include a health claim about birth defects.
C1 Neediest Cases B2 Fashion Page B10 Arts/Entertainment C15-20 Trying to keep the New-York Historical Society a la mode.
According to Newman, the fans don't care about "alphabet soup" sanctioning bodies but want to see the two most famous heavyweights battle.
We are treated to the image of a flock of travel-weary quail dropping like Christmas packages from the sky onto the Acimans' lawn one fading summer day; the image of Uncle Vili waltzing with his 100-year-old mother in a room lighted with a hundred candles on the eve of his departure from the country for good; the image of every member of the Aciman household (including Andre's ancient great-grandmother) leaping over a smoking censer in a spirited, superstitious effort to ward off further misfortune.
The Mexican Government denies this.
Several witnesses said at least one of the robbers was wearing a Halloween mask of a pig.
"Their parents didn't realize how serious this was.
Although league officials had spoken confidently of winning the suit, it evidently agitated them to the point that they didn't want to have to deal with it now.
The pilots' union at USAir yesterday suggested a sweeping financial restructuring of the airline, which has been plagued by losses.
But the tax money the new bill would raise is not their real objective; instead, they are mainly looking for a way to stop the damage to the environment that comes with mining.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
FALLEN IDOL Now that she and other Greek Socialists are back in power, Culture Minister Melina Mercouri is taking up the cudgels for art and antiquity -- and against Constantine Mitsotakis, the ex-Prime Minister.
That is why critics complain that Citibank sold the stock too cheaply.
"The tobacco companies lobbied my colleagues just as hard as they could," said Rina Venter, Dr. Zuma's predecessor as Health Minister.
That is a tall order, not only because corruption is so deeply ingrained in the Police Department, but also because it develops in unforeseeable ways from one generation to the next.
In the last week in December fighting broke out between the groups, and more than 100 people were killed.
Despite the drubbing, opposition legislators refused to ally themselves with Mr. Meciar, even though he offered them some top government jobs.
In eight previous games, Syracuse had given up only 13 sacks.
I want you to get on into that hearing room and correct it."
Every morning for the eight days it took to cross, we were served Spam for breakfast.
The knee is probably second.
And it may seem jarring to a population that has recently heard its right to choose their own physician passionately -- and somewhat surreally -- defended by politicians of every stripe.
She began to hire emerging artists like Kenny Scharf, Keith Haring and Ann Magnuson as writers, stylists and even drivers for The SoHo News.
But the fries sold here taste and look the same as they do thousands of miles from the potato fields.
As Mr. Koch repeatedly argues, the point was always to divert the West's attention from Stalin's efforts to consolidate his power by whatever brutal means were required.
A New Urgency to Issue Until two weeks ago, the Administration's pledge to send American troops to enforce a durable settlement in Bosnia seemed largely theoretical.
Television trucks have invaded, sharing the road with four-wheel-drive vehicles, cyclists, Rollerbladers and moped drivers.
"I want to be as real as possible in my personal life and in my music.
Newspapers are filled with Indian- and Thai-style recipes, hoping they will appeal to younger readers who have traveled abroad.
As Norton Reamer, president of United Asset Management, puts it, "$100 billion may sound big, but it's really not a lot of money."
Kenny Anderson had 15 points and 15 assists, but the Suns (12-5) were simply too awesome down the stretch to contend with.
Last night, both sides were predicting a strike, although Gov.
Then the well-remembered handshake on the White House lawn after the Palestinian self-rule agreement.
And at least 50 civil lawsuits charging price discrimination have been filed against Merck and Medco, mostly on behalf of pharmacy groups.
"I always knew this would be the way my father would die," Michael Goldberg, 27, said yesterday.
We pushed off into a bastion of deceptive calm, lulled by the swish of the oars, caressed by the slog of benevolent brown water.
Proponents of Megan's Law say that's not good enough, that the community deserves to know.
REID Now isn't it true, I say to my friend from Minnesota -- although you may have some different plan; I have a plan that has Blue Cross-Blue Shield but that I can go to, because we have a retail pharmacy program under the plan that I have, I can go to any pharmacy that's a member, and almost all of them around this area have that also, and I can get my prescriptions for, I think, $5.
Margot Brown, a Motorola spokeswoman, said as well: "We don't comment on rumors.
"It hurts," said Anderson, who had 24 points and 16 assists in 54 minutes.
The woman, Sonia Hernandez, 32, of Brooklyn, suffered a broken pelvis and underwent surgery twice yesterday at St. Vincent's Hospital in Greenwich Village, said Dina Gabriel, a hospital spokeswoman.
"It wasn't the officials," said Jim Calhoun, the Connecticut coach.
The Government is assisting United States automakers to acquire type designation approval.
The vote means that the city has six months to find a buyer that will keep the team in the city.
With four starters scoring 20 points or more, the Nets looked as if they might be a better team without Coleman, despite his drawing the double-team every night.
Manzoni's materials, too, were unusual.
A memorial service at Harvard is planned for the fall.
Murray tied the soaring rate of out-of-wedlock births to the growth of the welfare system that supports single mothers.
So dramatic were the results that the Challenge Program, as it is called, is being copied this summer at three other engineering colleges in the region and adapted as a two-week program for all 1,600 entering freshmen at Georgia Tech.
and Procter & Gamble, which gained 1 1/8, to 62.
Representative David R. Obey, of Wisconsin, said Mr. Gingrich and his allies "would rather embarrass the majority than move the consensus; they will do whatever is necessary to deny Clinton a political victory."
Divide half the arugula on half the bread.
What I most of all look for is movement, presence and character.
He scheduled a hearing for Dec. 19.
The President's outburst, say aides, reflected his frustration not only with his Secretary of State but also with a policy that was supposed to have been an effortless success but was turning into a diplomatic tar baby.
Under the work-release program, whose budget is $1 million, nonviolent inmates are permitted to leave jail during the day under strict conditions to take part in job, educational or drug-treatment programs.
Officials suspect that many claimants are using the asylum process simply to gain permission to work.
A 'Collections Czar' Mr. Giuliani also proposed raising an additional $160 million to $200 million through more aggressive collection of fines and fees.
"This is still a great game."
Rabbi Charles Lippman performed the ceremony at the home of the bride's parents in Weston.
A rock musical by Jonathan Larson based on Puccini's "Boheme" and set in the East Village of today; directed by Michael Greif.
Perhaps above all, he said, was that his long administration remained virtually free of major corruption.
So strong are their objections that when the police, acting on a court order, forcibly removed her from her home to undergo treatment on Oct. 7, they were pelted with stones and had to wrestle a knife from the father, who threatened to commit suicide if she was taken away, according to a police report.
Like Yugoslavia, all these Arab states were artificial creations of post-World War I peace treaties that represented the imperial powers' best attempt to impose order in the chaos that followed the collapse of the Ottoman Empire.
He pauses a while, as if the 400 years since Galileo aren't quite enough time to say it, and as if he fears it might take his antagonists 400 years more to learn it themselves.
Since the kiddies don't trust anyone over 30, these ancients need to stick together.
Thus we speak of Australian chardonnay, Chilean cabernet sauvignon and South African pinot noir.
Early Encouragement New York child welfare officials say they have been modestly encouraged by the results of the first year of the three-year pilot program.
About $100,000 was recovered during the investigation, Mr. Stancik said.
You really can't warm up to the characters until Act II, when they begin to shed their bitterness and self-centered ambitions.
Snow on the Cemetery The cemetery is a serene place now.
is the same disease no matter where it begins, so this difference in the drug's effect is hard to explain.
As difficult a political trail as that might be, looking to other tax sources may be an ever rougher path in New Jersey.
Mr. Marx had been editor of Aufbau, which means building up, since 1985.
Texts could also be ordered via remote control.
Both Wells Fargo and First Interstate declined to comment on the deal.
On the Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa Exchange in New York, coffee for December delivery fell 6.5 cents, to $1.4425 a pound, a new six-month low.
I just didn't want him to do them to me or at those particular moments.)
Something in those countries is making a very significant difference, or rather, a number of somethings.
Microsoft, Bill Gates's baby, which owns the operating system used on most personal computers: 799 percent.
Toward the end of the evening, the bride and groom gave their own speeches.
Batteries needed for a successful electric car are not in mass production, the staff said, but three technologies seem likely to bear fruit by then.
Dell Curry added 21 points and Mourning and Kenny Gattison each had 17 for Charlotte.
After business owners in the area first began complaining, in early 1993, Merco commissioned an odor study by Alternative Resources Inc., a Massachusetts consulting firm that had helped the company obtain its permit for the site.
The dollar firmed against most leading currencies as traders looked beyond Friday's weak employment report.
Corinne Kirkham of San Bernardino, Calif., and Ann Kluewer of Irvine, Calif., 818.98; 2.
It was Mr. Wells, for example, who handled the financial difficulties at Euro Disneyland, the theme park outside Paris, which has not only sapped the resources of the company but also consumed the attentions and energies of its executives.
No diversion has ever taken place from a safeguarded site, Ms. Meigs said.
Co-parenting was a transitional state.
Merger Deal Under Fire The most active Nasdaq stock was Novell, whose planned acquisition of Wordperfect has been sharply criticized by analysts.
They rush outside to cradle the dying man in their arms.
Frink also said that prosecutors in Michigan have not ruled out filing charges against some or all of the same people charged in Oregon.
And I was not happy in the way in which he handled himself, by pushing back."
The hospital has not said whether it considers the 50 replacement nurses it has hired since September to be permanent, but a spokesman for the archdiocese, Joseph Zwilling, said the hospital has assured the Cardinal that all the nurses on strike will be taken back.
At this time, they have not even come close."
The Lincoln Road Playground is being completely rebuilt.
During an 18-month stretch in 1991 and 1992, three different people filled the post of deputy assistant secretary overseeing financial aid; for over a year the post has been vacant and is just now being filled by the Clinton Administration.
Paula Ann Chin, an associate editor at People magazine, and John Saar, a senior editor at Time magazine, both in New York, are to be married today.
In school and out, the American prayer should now be that one day the country will soar farther, and make the first paragraph true, every word for every person.
He never fully retired, maintaining an office at the firm's branch in Morristown, N.J., from which he dealt in stocks until a month ago.
He believes beer is best at about 20 degrees.
Michigan's victory was its first against the Irish in three years and the first here since the initial game of the Lou Holtz era.
Since tourists are significant supporters of top French restaurants, shifts in taste preferences are significant to three-star French chefs.
Old Rockport surfaces here and there in spite of itself.
And each February there is a Mardi Gras celebration, each June a circus appearance and each fall a major fund-raiser (last year it was a cowboyish "Bustles and Boots").
As the head of Burmese military intelligence, Lieut.
In Montana, environmental groups have been buying up large tracts of ranch land, which would otherwise be carved up and sold as ranchettes.
Mr. Towles said cold weather in the coming months could only worsen the stress on the herd.
Mr. Cifelli received the largest bonus, $6,500.
There was a confrontation between the two men, who had never met, and Mr. Gaddy punched the other man, knocking him unconscious.
"Like Salinas, he will need an excellent team.
President Clinton has hired a well-known Washington lawyer to represent him if he is sued by a woman who has accused him of making an unwanted sexual advance in 1991, White House officials said on Tuesday.
There was Travis Kierce, who moved out of the neighborhood last week but came over in his weathered fishing boat to help out.
Ms. Hoty's dresser is here, along with Mr. Mackie's assistant and the fitter who made the costume.
Infomart officials and food-service managers are also discussing "sponsored" tables complete with computers, where diners would be able to explore various on-line services like Compuserve, Prodigy and America Online.
He doesn't even sleep in a coffin or try to avoid the sun.
Gone with the straight-up telephone with the earpiece you lifted off the hook, bringing on the Operator, to whom you said, "Operator, get me Central," or -- if you were covering the police beat -- "Hiya, sweetheart, give me the city desk."
And without universal coverage, its logic collapses.
Sitting at the edge of her seat, dressed casually in gray pants, she stayed pitched forward for three hours as though she might just lift off that brown couch on her way to some point, a recollection, an insight or just an offer of more juice.
Bodies lie in traffic circles, next to a teeming bus depot, along medians of major thoroughfares and frequently in the middle of the road, forcing traffic to detour.
The bride, a law clerk to Chancellor William T. Allen of the Delaware Court of Chancery in Wilmington, is to become an associate in September at the New York law firm of Cravath, Swaine & Moore.
But suddenly, with 28 minutes left to play, there was Germany clinging to a one-goal lead and hearing whistles and catcalls of protest for stalling tactics from many in the crowd of 63,998 at the steamy Cotton Bowl.
Getting heard is difficult, developing an image as something more than partisan naysayers rebelling against the White House is harder still.
Since typical consumers will find few native applications, OS/2 has in essence become a Windows utility, but a big, fat one that insists on running the show.
ROBERT AMERSON Brewster, Mass., April 25, 1994
On further analysis, though, the families proved to have common ancestors; one group, for example, had an Ashkenazi Jewish heritage.
A year later, Strand showed up on the New Orleans Saints' roster.
"So when you cut service or eliminate jobs, the public only responds when there is some blatant inconvenience.
Calling 32 Mott Street Home Mr. Lee and Mr. Chin were responsible for determining the names, places of origin and other fundamental details about each file for entry into the database.
And to win a championship, they must overcome another.
"The day I tried to live/ I wallowed in the blood and mud with all the other pigs," cries Chris Cornell's lyric for "The Day I Tried to Live."
"It's a unique American art form."
"Occasionally it was not simple," Mr. Peres said, "because what we call security the Palestinians call dignity, and what we call dignity they call security."
She can sound genuinely dangerous in songs like "The Sporting Life," in which depraved women discuss just how much to harm a captive man.
He did not make the varsity wrestling team against tough competition, but his coach, Dennis Delitto, remembered him as a hard worker.
"Every time we look at the Government's position, this tough approach becomes increasingly unfathomable," said one official close to the case.
They are buying stakes in minority-owned firms, enabling them to profit from these set-aside programs too.
For main courses there are the gutsy perciatelli (hollow spaghetti) tossed with fresh sardines, fennel, pine nuts, currants and dill; gnocchi in a basil and almond pesto; fennel and peas risotto with lettuce; sauteed sweetbreads with prosciutto, carrots and fennel seeds served with fava beans; roasted quails with olives, tomatoes and onions, and braised rabbit with grilled potatoes and caramelized grapes.
Yet they have also been frustrated by a "glass ceiling," an inability to advance into management positions because of discrimination or language and cultural barriers, the report said.
It was a gift of herself that she gave to others.
But at the same time, my father educated me."
A1 Business Digest D1 Home Section C1-10 It may be cold outside, but inside, it's crazy.
[ On Sept. 30 the Islamic Group, the main militant organization fighting the Government, said it had carried out the attack, which also killed two Egyptians and wounded a second German tourist. ]
"We're countercyclical to the economy," Ms. Vreeland says of curriculum options ranging from three months to two years.
Mr. Biggs, the chairman of Morgan Stanley Asset Management, is one of the most venerable seers on Wall Street.
Former Mayor Abraham D. Beame was recuperating from gastrointestinal bleeding at Mount Sinai Medical Center yesterday and was expected to be released early this week, hospital officials said.
It was just a question of people with very strong wills defending positions."
Thank heavens for South Dakota.
Part of the Cutting Edge series.
To the Editor: Al Ries correctly points out the basic misconceptions that change equals progress and that one must make one's mark by radically altering the status quo.
Take a look at the most recent satisfying horror film, Jonathan Demme's "Silence of the Lambs."
As lovingly programmed by Kathleen Murphy of the Film Society of Lincoln Center, this series opens with a film made this year (Mary McGuckian's "Words Upon the Window Pane," so new that it wasn't available for press screenings, and based on a one-act play by W. B. Yeats about Jonathan Swift).
The Zapatistas themselves said nothing about such a shift.
With the Reds threatening, with Kevin Mitchell looming menacingly on deck, the crowd of 24,997 struck up a "Let's Go, Mets!"
There, in the rundown town, the Germans can buy smuggled American cigarettes at half price, then drive back to Frankfurt for brunch at the handsome Brunnen Cafe.
From the first page, "A Day No Pigs Would Die" pulls readers into its world and holds us fast with a combination of harsh realism, tenderness and laughter that sweeps to the heartbreaking ending.
25, USA Today/CNN 21, Times 24.
Emergencies Old and New The remaining $1.95 billion, bound for the Pentagon and disasters of years past, was all designated emergency spending too, and placed outside the usual restraints on deficit spending.
In March, USAir experienced a 49 percent increase in the number of requests to its reservation centers from the corresponding month a year ago.
The agencies know that they will get the media's attention and money from donors with the more alarming numbers.
The ceremony was but one part of a community's extraordinary farewell to a man who practiced law in Little Rock for almost 50 years.
Unfortunately, life here still doesn't have the same value as it does elsewhere."
A radio commercial mocks the much-discussed Network MCI television campaign created by Messner Vetere Berger McNamee Schmetterer/Euro RSCG in New York for the MCI Communications Corporation.
But the collected writings, which cover the period 1939-1969, reveal him when he was still in the trenches, like any other good critic, reacting as best he could to what he saw, making mistakes, even failing, contradicting himself, changing his mind, learning, stretching.
It is fair and people have to understand the tone we are going to set."
Corporate work family initiatives tend to be seen as programs designed to ease the burden on women.
"If in fact that is what occurred, that would be a violation of our department procedures and something we cannot condone or tolerate at any time," Mr. Bratton said.
Other analysts said that while the concerns were understandable, at this juncture they appear to be misplaced.
Brenda Patterson said she and her husband, Fred, a retired Air Force sergeant, have lived all over with their children.
The Interior Department said today that it was beginning a final 30-day review of a proposal to reintroduce the wolves to the Yellowstone area as well as Federal land in central Idaho and northwestern Montana.
And even then, he said, "it is not the same thing to bombard Belgrade or a mountaintop where some soldiers have placed a mortar."
(Ages 4 to 8) In the winter months the sun virtually disappears from view in the mountain villages of Norway, and in some communities, like the one in this story, everyone climbs to the highest peaks to greet its return and celebrate the promise of spring.
"but the marsh had been dried out for most of the year."
Add the duck and simmer slowly for 25 minutes, skimming off the foam.
But under the agreement, Mr. Cabal had to come up with $2 million by last Monday or forfeit the deposit.
And instead of launching into a high-volume tirade after Tuesday night's 85-83 loss to the Nets, Riley reassured the players that the bad times will pass, sooner or later.
He was also Republican chairman of Orchard Park.
The Procter & Gamble Company headed the list in 1993, as it did in 1992, with spending of $2.4 billion, up 10.7 percent.
The query, raised on a local arts program, provoked impassioned debate.
In the exclusive Whippoorwill section surrounding the Whippoorwill Country Club, 81 Armonk residents are in a district that buys water from a new plant in neighboring New Castle -- water costing each household $850 to $1,200 a quarter.
Mr. Nixon suffered the stroke about 5:45 P.M. on Monday while relaxing on the deck of his house in Park Ridge, Kim Taylor, a spokeswoman for the former President, said he was in high spirits after having spent the day working on a speech for Republican fund-raising events.
The Navy ended its investigation in February.
Mr. Giuliani has said that the Police Department, not his office, determines security policy for City Hall and that he has not interfered in how those polices are enforced.
"We have a movable barrier that we can use to make sure there are always four lanes in the commuter direction.
And you can easily imagine an entire festival devoted to homages to Amanda by other dramatists who have taken their turns at dismembering Mama with a retrospective razor: Edward Albee, Paul Zindel, Donald Margulies, Nicky Silver, ad infinitum.
A release date only two weeks before Christmas, after holiday wish lists were completed, didn't help merchandisers.
The Government's chief forecasting gauge signals slower economic growth next year, the Commerce Department reported today.
Mr. Meyers, who the police said used several aliases, was also arrested at least five other times on other charges, including assault, drug possession and promoting gambling, apparently for carrying betting sheets in a numbers game.
Whenever I saw a bargain or something perfect for someone in the family I bought it and put it away in a Christmas bag in my closet."
"We pray that things will get better if it's God's will.
The most straightforward explanation is that the designers are drawing on -- as Ms. Sitbon and Ms. Sui acknowledge -- childhood memories.
He looked at me like I was one sad sack.
There were long possession periods by both sides, waiting for the perfect shot to present itself.
"It allows us to run a transition game more," she said.
Rather, they said, it was simply a tactical decision in the long-running court battle between the armed services and gay and civil rights groups over the Pentagon's policy on homosexuality.
Indonesia has the world's second largest concentration of rain forests -- 279 million acres -- after Brazil.
Supervisor James E. Cavanaugh of Eastchester, who was Mr. Spano's director of communications for four years, said: "Nick's strength is his relationship with other legislators.
There are several Good Friday processions throughout the region, for instance, including one in East Harlem involving thousands.
Like all mothers, she might well be horrified at how her progeny has evolved.
"A child would not normally take methadone for any reason," Dr. Primm said.
The lead characters articulated the English text with such admirable clarity that the supertitles proved distracting for the most part, though undeniably useful in the jumble of a few ensembles.
Although Panama Hattie's, in Huntington Station (351-1727), has achieved critical acclaim for its food, its still pubby decor often reminded diners of the more casual past of the restaurant.
Fred Serpe, director of the Illinois Transportation Association, which represents 700 trucking and other transportation companies, said fuel, maintenance and motel costs have been climbing as fast as the temperature has been plunging.
This has caused some concern among many people here, who do not want to lose their ties to Russia.
In this climate-controlled, hygiene-crazed land, even the air is scrubbed clean.
Mr. Watson's first venture into theater is "Pump Boys and Dinettes," a 1982 country-pop revue, a genre he describes as "the non-chorus musical."
Many hotels in the Detroit area are filling up with requests for accommodations from all over the world, with visitors expected from Sweden, Switzerland, Romania, Brazil, Russia as well as the United States.
A litter sweep throughout the park is also on the agenda.
The overpedaling during the concert was also a distraction, though it was a sign of the kind of esthetic -- lyrical and coloristic -- that the pianist was aiming for.
So next year, he may pursue the still narrower field of head and neck cancer.
His co-counsel, John G. Kester, representing U.S.
Reyer (1823-1909) was an impassioned French Wagnerian who wrote this opera in 1862, long before he had heard a note of Wagner's "Ring."
Ward is staying quite focused on the American Grandprix Association circuit.
A decade from now, that may no longer be a tenable choice.
Jobs for African-American parents, not orphanages, would solve many problems for black children.
To move away from the theoretical to the specific, when I went through confirmation in 1981.
"Without admitting defeat, May 15 is very much in doubt," Gene Di Fonso, the president of the baggage-system builder, BAE Automated Systems Inc., was already telling city officials on Thursday after the first tests.
Dr. Ian Tattersall, a specialist in early human evolution at the American Museum of Natural History in New York City, said scientists would want to analyze the tracks first hand to determine whether their makers had reached a fairly modern form of bipedalism and to learn more about the biomechanics of the makers' walk.
Che Nieves Jr., 17, of Ossining, said he planned to become a gourmet chef, though this day his assignment was "sanitation" -- washing pots and pans.
"Johnny was too eager to run with it," Breaux said, referring to the dropped balls.
Since Mr. Clinton was elected, abortion-rights groups have walked a tightrope, lobbying the Administration for tougher enforcement measures while avoiding direct criticism of White House or Justice Department officials, who are largely sympathetic to the abortion-rights cause.
Also, what damages am I entitled to for the space loss I have suffered up to the day the divider is relocated in its correct position?
Kh5 40 Rg7 Qe5 41 Rg1 Qe4 42 Be2 Kh4 43 Qg3 mate, Kamsky gave up.
(Mr. Jackson, whose mother's last name is Knight and father's is Jackson, has occasionally gone by Jackson-Knight.)
So, before his position deteriorated further, he sacrificed a pawn with 25 .
In a preview of his Oval Office address, Mr. Clinton told a group of news agency reporters today that the situation in Haiti was a kind of watershed.
Ferguson, I hope they're treating you well in the Nassau County Jail,' " Mr. Ferguson told the court.
"People like taking pictures," Mr. Hunter says.
The yen has climbed about 11 percent against the dollar in the last year.
The fire, at a research reactor owned by the department, spread radioactive material inside the reactor building and contaminated seven workers, although it did not result in any significant radiation exposure, laboratory officials said.
"The only difference between our game is that I shoot more than he does and he gets more assists than I do," Robinson said.
Last Consensus Period Estimates (I.D.E.A.
But the basis of the wardrobe has now become the dress.
It was President Woodrow Wilson who called our judiciary "the balance wheel" of our entire system.
32 Columns: Thomas George on football's changing rules.
The main public rooms are hardly small, but neither do they approach the institutional scale of the ballrooms and reception rooms of so many American palaces of this period; indeed, these rooms always feel domestic, which was presumably the intention.
The development pushes Flagstar close to meeting a target established with the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People to add 53 minority-owned restaurants by 1997.
The cuisine conforms to a Mediterranean theme, with variations.
"They were stunned to find out that they were going to live behind barbed wire in a camp here for a year and a half," Ms. Gruber said the other day.
I speak to them, give them the time of day.
defenses have embraced young, king-sized tackles, like Cortez Kennedy of the Seattle Seahawks, Sean Gilbert of the Los Angeles Rams and Chester McGlocklin of the Los Angeles Raiders.
Below is a brief look at the specific agendas of Connecticut's Republicans: WELFARE: The Republican leadership says it will debate how to reform the welfare system shortly after January.
Some boys spend the evening before they come here copying their phone numbers on dozens of slips of paper so they can hand them out to prospective girlfriends.
The building was once the town house of Polish beer scions.
But some cruise lines prefer to have the inspector carry out the work during the cruise, as a convenience to passengers.
"I had no intentions of making anyone look bad."
Tobacco Industry Disagrees Walker Merryman, a spokesman for the Tobacco Institute in Washington, which represents the major tobacco companies, said the report was "useless" because it was based on a false conclusion, made by the E.P.A.
The move comes as American Express tries to shed businesses and focus on its financial service units.
The Nets opened the fourth quarter by hoisting a series of hideous jumpers from the perimeter, with Sean Higgins serving as the main culprit.
Federated contends it can generate higher proceeds by liquidating Magnin's inventory and selling the sites -- which are either in hard-to-obtain downtown locations or high-end malls -- than by selling the ailing chain intact, Mr. Magnin said in an interview.
Bernie learns a thing or two about sports memorabilia over the course of this disarmingly antic crime caper.
And it demands constant touring, all of which works against a musician moving past the level of a student.
"There are a lot of rumors that the new Government will change the gun laws," said Riaan Van Zye, a salesman at the Academy of Marksmanship gun shop.
He is still very much preoccupied with color, laying it on in broad, mostly vertical bands, but the edges are soft and junctions are accented by lines of thin impasto that hang like skeins of thread -- white and yellow on pink, black, blue and green on warm brown and so on.
The convoluted problems of the household emerge that much more easily thanks to Mr. Mamet's unmannered adaptation.
But the current situation is different in that, as Mr. Greenspan noted in his Congressional testimony on Wednesday, the amount of money and loans available in the economy is fairly tight.
They have watched as the leadership and the Administration focused enormous amounts of concern on the needs of conservative and moderate Democrats who are pushing for something less than universal coverage, because they cannot bring themselves to make employers pay for their workers' insurance.
Anderson, whose father, Dick, played for Colorado and the Miami Dolphins and went on to the College Football Hall of Fame, is a fifth-year senior and reserve wide receiver.
There will be a seated dinner and dancing to the Manhattan String Orchestra.
The Predicament Musical Chairs In Reverse Few were prepared for the effects of these changes on the nature of the museum -- or for the predicament that many museums face now, when the lavish flow of private and corporate dollars has dried up and government support has been cut back sharply.
"Time is running out, obviously," Usery said when he returned from a meeting with the owners at 9:45 P.M. "We have to do everything we can to try to keep it going, hopefully find a solution."
They cruise at 35 miles per hour, nearly double the speed of the Staten Island Ferry.
I bought Ted Williams's book about batting and started going to batting cages."
"This election was a severe, sharp and obvious repudiation of the President," he said a week ago.
Mr. Lowry is the first director of the Modern who comes to the job from another directorship.
By the time he missed his putt, Oakmont already was a graveyard, littered with the remains of Open pretenders.
"We have gotten nowhere," Mr. Hosokawa told us in his office, which looked out on the castle where his family, the region's feudal lords, had ruled for 600 years.
Her father is the chairman and chief executive of the Holmed Corporation and is a vice president and the treasurer of Riley Medical, both health care companies in Boston.
Thousands of Stalin's earliest victims were sent here to starve and freeze and work themselves to death.
The hostel dwellers are predominantly Zulu, while the surrounding African National Congress precincts are predominantly non-Zulu.
Where to Stay After several years in which a glut of hotel rooms made Singapore a bargain, the glut has disappeared, and so have the bargains.
In those years, men are more likely than women to find partners.
But active traders may balk.
But the wild card is that fellow Greenspan standing at the President's shoulder.
Thomas has since met an aunt and a cousin, but their relationship never got beyond awkward small talk.
There is a bunch of fancy new hotels, including a Ritz-Carlton and a Four Seasons.
Ernest Robinson, 22, was charged with attempted second-degree murder, which is punishable by up to 50 years in prison.
It is being served at the brew pub in a 20-ounce glass for $5 through September and is also sold in a two-liter bottle for $11 plus a $7 deposit.
1 D'AMATO'S CHOICE Thanks largely to Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato, an obscure State Senator named George E. Pataki is expected to become the gubernatorial choice of the Republican State Committee at its convention in Manhattan on Monday.
Behind the assassination, Mr. Lopez Portillo said, "there are outside forces" trying to destabilize Mexico.
I won't take it on certain kinds of trips because I have to be too careful not to drop it or bang it, and I wouldn't take it out on the subway for fear of being robbed.
The authority recently brought back Grotta, Glassman & Hoffman, the firm on retainer while another Republican, Thomas H. Kean, was Governor.
But Diller and Scofidio's desire for detachment is understandable.
Dr. Libow leads weekly rounds for medical school students and geriatric fellows from Mount Sinai in one of the most comprehensive training programs in the country.
Syrian television and newspapers played up the peace ceremony between Prime Minister Rabin and King Hussein of Jordan: a remarkable shift in Syrian practice.
The five are frequently joined by Mr. Bratton's wife, Cheryl Fiandaca, a lawyer who teaches at John Jay College of Criminal Justice and advises her husband on racial and legal matters as well as animal rights.
USAir, which has smoking sections on its three routes to Europe -- Pittsburgh-Frankfurt, Philadelphia-Paris and Charlotte, N.C.-Frankfurt -- has more demand than smoking seats, according to a spokeswoman.
Calls about activities like failure to pay child support and habitual drunken driving, which are not indictable, are still passed on to the appropriate agencies, Investigator Marotta said.
Actors or dancers in ape garb pretend to be foraging and fooling around.
The $61.30 tab covered three-course dinners for two people, before tax, tip or drinks.
They struggled with an iron, she said, which ended up pressed against her face, chipping a tooth.
Only in the middle section does the burning of London take center stage to memorable effect.
The expensively dressed, immaculately groomed Carter (Ed Harris) walks around a heap of dirty laundry with care, as if he didn't want to soil the soles of his shoes.
But they don't look miserable.
But Government spending edged up a barely perceptible one-tenth of 1 percent.
Add the crayfish sauce, and cook until the liquid is reduced by half.
Because the seed companies included multipliers in their contracts to compensate Mr. Rothermel for growing a low-yielding crop, he is being credited with topping 300 bushels an acre.
Many of the more than 1,100 guests wore flower-trimmed hats, evoking memories of the early Easter parades.
Mr. Adams, a practicing Catholic, has in the past rejected the Cardinal's advice as misguided.
Allison Derivaux Ames, a daughter of Ruth Derivaux Ames of Woodcliff Lake, N.J., and the late Paul V. Ames Sr., was married yesterday to William Michael Treanor, a son of Dr. and Mrs. William J. Treanor of Convent Station, N.J. Msgr.
Shawmut National, which is based in Hartford, is the nation's 28th-largest banking company, with $27.3 billion in assets.
As evidence of the "critical nature of the ticker shortage," he points to companies involved in laser technology.
But as the water begins to cool now through October or later, the two most popular sport fish, bluefish and striped bass, should run in good numbers.
At a news conference here Saturday, Secretary of State Warren Christopher dismissed the importance of such attacks, saying that "some of the enemies of the restoration are probably having a last desperate fling."
Despite stunning things like "Easter Monday," something doesn't feel right.
Live chose its name because it's a powerful live band.
On the wave of that initial success, Mr. Thompson pitched into his first full season, including three new plays: Ms. West's "Holiday Heart," a graphic urban drama that is her most accomplished work to date; "If We Are Women," by Joanna McClelland Glass, and, currently, "The Indolent Boys," the first play by the Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist N. Scott Momaday.
Walter B. Slocombe, Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, boasted at a cocktail party that by turning back the U.S.S.
"The period of doubt has run its course.
I wonder if they shoveled the School Chancellor's sidewalk.
Those pairs got along well personally but operated independently.
Very few women subject to battering are murdered.
Hernandez has not pitched since Monday because of a sore right shoulder and his chances of being the sole closer are slim.
If they can't produce, well, that's it."
A Measure of Stability Whatever the motivations, the French have protected Hutu and Tutsi and brought a level of peace and stability to the French zone.
A "fifth world" might be found among proliferating populations of rootless refugees.
It began when he attended a revival meeting led by Frank N. D. Buchman, the American evangelist and founder of an international movement variously called the First Century Christian Fellowship, the Oxford Group, Moral Re-Armament and Buchmanism.
'Environmental Concerns' Mr. Freeman, in a separate telephone interview, said of Con Edison, "It's obvious they have no sensitivity to the environmental concerns."
The bill, in its current form, would ban smoking in all restaurants, retail stores, business establishments, concert halls and auditoriums, stadiums and convention centers.
When I got home, I had a cup of steaming black coffee and a glass of Scotch, my drugs of choice.
Last season, the team set a school record with 18 victories, a standard that would be broken this season with triumphs in all 8 remaining games.
"I'll try not to watch any of the other games."
Anthony Mason endured public criticism after being suspended for the last three regular-season games.
In a narrative presided over by presences from the spirit world, this genially pessimistic first novel follows the fortunes of three generations of cosmopolitan Ukrainian-Americans from places like Paris and Berchtesgaden to places like Free Fall, N.J. WHITE MAN'S GRAVE.
Two women sit, stand and dance in slow, preening moves and gestures at the ends of a long line of slatted wooden chairs.
Dr. Poisson's lawyer, William Brock, said that there might have been "discrepancies" but that "Dr. Poisson does not feel he did anything which affected the validity of the results or the value of the results to the research."
But United States law prohibits Cuban-Americans from even visiting their families or sending them financial assistance, and it bans United States businesses from investing in Cuba.
But prosecutors and criminal defense lawyers alike contend that a prospective juror's right to privacy must yield to the imperatives of a fair trial, particularly in a murder case.
"I would characterize our reaction as absolute shock," Robert T. Skunda, the state Secretary of Commerce and Trade, said last night.
And yet there is compassion amid the carnage.
Last week, even before the rally with Mr. Muhammad, Vera Katz interrupted her acting class and invited her students to gaze on one of their supposed exploiters.
Bonilla, batting right-handed against Urbani, hit his first home run to the opposite field, his fourth such blast this season.
" This last analogy is best interpreted as one of the Mr. Schnittke's characteristic ironical gestures.
Republicans wanted any benefits program defined by an independent board, not by Congress, which they said would give away the store.
"This is a man with no record at all," said Mr. Irwin.
"I tried to take these pictures in as many different contexts and settings of moods as I could," he said.
I must learn not only to "talk the talk," as street kids say, but also to "walk the walk."
"Going public has been under consideration for quite some time," said Micky Arison, who bought the airline for an undisclosed amount in 1990, when his father, an Israeli emigre, decided to move back to Israel.
In the end, Mr. Leader cut his losses by selling the European rights and arranging a tax-shelter deal in the United States.
"I see the strike as being a way for organizations to cut back on player development budgets, cutting scouting, instructors, managers and coaches.
By writing, 'Hitler is a hero,' or, 'Holocaust again,' they get a quick fix."
While most of the rest of Europe languished deep in recession last year and struggled to recover this year, Ireland's gross domestic product grew 4 percent last year and is expected to grow nearly 6 percent this year.
Then I see the flag, and another ref comes running in from the other side and says it was not interference by me.
One of the women has given up a baby for adoption and given up its father as well; the other has suffered a difficult childhood alongside a handicapped brother and knows she is now the convenient, useful girlfriend Frank doesn't seem inclined to commit himself to.
In drafting state laws to carry out the Federal law, which will take effect Jan. 1, legislatures are treating social service agencies differently from motor vehicle bureaus.
"No two tiles are alike," he said.
Tom Chorske, who did not score in the first nine games of the playoffs, led the Devils' offense with two goals, the last with 51.8 seconds left against Jon Casey.
Why can tiny Green Bay support luxury boxes when Milwaukee (population: 617,043) has fallen behind?
But the letter included a remark that some in the courtroom saw as double edged.
The potential sacrifices of saving money on most products are not equivalent to those of saving on medical care.
The package at that price begins on Monday; there are supplements for arrivals on other days.
With anti-immigrant sentiment growing nationwide, he did not want a replay of the 1980 Mariel boatlift in which 125,000 Cubans swarmed into the United States, contributing to President Carter's loss in the 1980 elections.
I'm a hands-on guy to some extent, but last year it was less evident.
Don't blame the appraisers, Mr. Lightner said, because he was the person responsible for the value inflation.
While the Knicks want to secure the home-court advantage throughout the playoffs, they have not forgotten last year.
Admission to the museum is $5 for adults and $2.50 for children.
Johnson has five years at $1 million per year remaining on his guaranteed 10-year contract.
"It's like the stock market," the Nets' coach said after they defeated the Knicks for the fourth time in five meetings on Sunday at Byrne Meadowlands Arena.
Death is the last taboo in America, a word to be avoided the moment it hits home.
"I pray that we might treat each other with more kindness, more courtesy, more humility and patience and forgiveness," Mr. Hunter said.
Mr. Garrison of 3407 Gunther Avenue in the Bronx was arrested and charged with second-degree sexual abuse in both cases.
Since he cannot tell the board members or the Chancellor how they should spend the city's money, Mr. Giuliani has tried to take his case to the public.
Massimino was told this week the university will not pay him nearly $2 million secretly promised him by former university officials who lured him from Villanova two years ago.
For customers, who often do not know the relative strengths of insurance companies, transfers have turned into nightmares when the acquiring companies went bankrupt.
The day was frigid and the top of the course, through the first group of gates, was a fretful sheet of ice.
John and Mary had asked if we minded going with that group; after nine hours of riding in less than two days, we were content to poke along and enjoy the scenery.
"I would say that his most infuriating trait is perhaps his most endearing one," said Tom Birmingham, the chairman of the State Senate Ways and Means Committee.
The fifth and most recent is on opening suit bids, responses and rebids, and is available for $39.95 from Root-Hahn Enterprises, Box 7205 Heights Station, Concord, N.H. 03301.
These teachers, from schools all over the Northeast, as well as 23 teachers from abroad, are spending 10 days as guests of the Metropolitan Opera Guild, learning how to produce an opera.
And so I became a fan of "Healthstyles," even if it meant missing a lunch rich in fats and empty calories.
They also accumulated more than 500 parking tickets.
She graduated from the State University College at New Paltz, N.Y., and is studying for a master's degree in education at the College of St. Rose.
If the Cardinals want Simms badly enough, their accountants will find a way.
"I'm old enough to have changed your nappies."
But confinement to the reservation and near extinction of the buffalo largely ended that culture, said Colin Calloway, an associate professor and specialist in Indian history at the University of Wyoming.
The N.J.E.A., the union for 144,000 current and retired teachers and staff, and the C.W.A., which represents 35,000 clerks, health care workers and other state employees, have led the opposition to Mrs. Whitman's budget.
"It's a shame he wasn't picked."
Forget about finding this place on a road map ever again.
In those instances, lawyers said, Prudential and Mr. Ball have replied that no such records exist.
For those who believe the players should not be striking over their distaste for a salary cap, just pretend they are on strike to save the owners from the biggest embarrassment in baseball history.
They also said the judge did not order city child welfare authorities to continue monitoring the family.
Add to that, he said, the fact that 500 people who were turned away parked their cars on the parkway and set up lawn chairs on the road to watch the fireworks.
A number that large, for the near future, cannot be cracked.
Defense officials traveling with Mr. Perry said the Administration was proposing a United Nations Security Council resolution that would require the Iraqi forces south of the 32nd parallel to return to the positions they held on Sept. 20, before Baghdad began mobilizing for a possible attack on Kuwait.
Or is detonation simply an invitation to extinction, like a man holding a lightning rod in a thunderstorm who revels, at the instant of his incineration, in his ability to clutch the power of the heavens?
The second-biggest contributor to the August rise was more companies' reporting slower deliveries from suppliers, a measure of production bottlenecks that is thought to be a favorite gauge of Alan Greenspan, the Fed chairman.
You don't hit and run with them.
"Taking your clothes off on stage shouldn't be shocking," she said of her role.
Some have moved their concerts to churches and community centers, some have found smaller, less expensive halls, and some have cut back on their activities.
'Cause all they have there is football.
The bride graduated from Vassar College.
He may be one of the few transit workers to pepper his speech with words like "anomie" (what motivates graffiti writers) and "milieu" (for the underground world of trains and tracks).
The board sent us back a plan in which they had us cutting almost everything else but administrators.
So far, the investigators have descended on three institutions: the University of Maryland Medical School in Baltimore, Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in Manhattan and the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in Boston.
In return, Sony promised to pay people at least 10 percent above the national average.
Yesterday, he dropped a pass, and I said to Kent Graham 'Have you ever seen Chris drop a pass?'
At least until the new book arrives.
I have no concerns or motives other than helping the country out.
In the fifth inning, the Padres made two errors and were spared a Mets run only because Gwynn was able to throw out Thompson at third on Todd Hundley's single to right and third baseman Archie Cianfrocco later recovered from his own infield error in time to throw Hundley out at the plate.
'A Time Bomb' "I had two years where it felt like I was walking around with a time bomb in my head," she said.
Mr. Janis ended the visit by walking to one of the two pianos in his living room and playing a little unpublished piece that Liszt wrote shortly after his mother had died.
And while a joint Federal and local inquiry into possible corruption is under way, the problems seem more fundamentally rooted in a pattern of ineptitude in which the pressures and uncertainties of politics sometimes overrode the judgments of professionals.
And it was Mr. Clinton's Securities Commissioner, Beverly Bassett Schaffer, who along with the Federal Home Loan Bank Board forced Mr. McDougal's removal from control of Madison Guaranty after an accounting firm's examination condemned its lending and investment practices in 1986.
A check with the manufacturer, Ardex Laboratories of Philadelphia, showed that the solvent is an eye and skin irritant, which can cause convulsions and severe nausea in high enough doses.
Raising external financing was an unlikely option because of the record of failed attempts that relied on help from Wall Street and bankers.
But the holiday shows changed from year to year -- last year it was a musical featuring characters from the television show "Sesame Street" -- and its managers were left scrambling every season to fill the theater.
But in this town you're judged as if your work is somehow tied inexorably to your ability to get those grosses."
Today's military has more married couples and more children than at any other time in its history.
Lynn Redgrave leapt to the lectern and offered Sister Thompson her Actors Equity card.
Dispersing it could require steps as difficult as holding fair elections, rooting out corruption and building a credible legal system.
Even when he stands outside, gazing at the street where tens of thousands welcomed him with songs and screams last Saturday, he stands behind a thick shield that many Haitians see as a signal of his new separation, the semi-transparent hand of Washington, part protection, part control.
They never want to know the truth about people."
"The Spectacle of the Body" is full of such wonders.
"Obviously, 1,200 miles is just an incomprehensible lead in a 7,000-mile leg," said Schrader.
Selfotel is the first drug to show promise in another approach: stopping the body's self-destructive response after a clot disrupts the oxygen supply.
Mr. Bruce said he had not been hurt by the trend toward lighter eating.
Wallenberg, a man of action, remains essentially unknowable in a film that "is particularly good at evoking a feeling of absolute chaos" (Stephen Holden).
Curtis Joseph allowed four goals on 28 shots for the Blues, who replaced him with Jim Hrivnak in the third.
"We have them dance every few songs to get people out on the floor," Ms. Fava said.
And there is a formal, structured training program with seminars, luncheons, manuals and grammar tests, a change that reflects the new button-down image of the profession as a whole.
"The bed belonged to Percival Griffiths, one of the great English collectors of the 20th century," Mr. Randall said.
There are scattered recordings on small labels.
I have kids myself and I thank God every day that they are healthy."
Ernest D. Davis, an experienced Mount Vernon Democrat, recalled that "Sue Swanswon said we should get rid of the aisles" that separate the legislators politically.
Kruk made the decision yesterday morning to have the radiation.
China's legislature approved prison terms and stiffer fines for copyright violators today, meeting a principal United States demand five days after Washington threatened trade sanctions.
First is the spoken dialogue.
Against the opposition of some Southern members of Congress, we developed a successful nondiscriminatory canteen on Connecticut Avenue.
Almost everything else that investigators could say this afternoon about what happened involved four bullets found within the White House compound.
But elected officials also believe that the public, disenchanted with the byzantine ways of Washington, pines for leaders who seem real, maybe even a bit nuts.
"If we keep winning, we'll get what we want out of the regular season."
When I got in touch with these other musicians, I realized I was not the only one."
So two weeks ago, the city took the unusual step of buying the railroad, with an eye toward restoring freight service over the next two years and, perhaps, creating a new and possibly less expensive way for freight to reach Brooklyn and Long Island.
Not one of our colleagues who stood here and said, "I'm against Government-run health programs" goes back home and says to the elderly citizens, "I'm against Government-run health insurance systems so I favor abolishing Medicare."
Johnson & Johnson obtained the North American licensing rights for the kit, which is known as Cholestrak by its developer, Chemtrak, based in Sunnyvale, Calif. Chemtrak will receive $3 for each kit, which should double the company's sales to $8 million in 1994.
He added that the majority concluded "that the school board here exercised a discretionary power to exclude all recruiters engaging in promulgated discrimination, as the still-evolving military policy does."
What we seek is the economic integration of the community to avoid economic ghettoization."
But they will also give independent stations some new programming alternatives to old movies and sitcom reruns.
"We were in jail in Cuba and now we are in another jail.
Her third husband was shot and killed in front of her.
My front-row table for lunch, on the flower-filled terrace, was in direct line of sight of the Jet d'Eau, a 460-foot-high fountain in the middle of the lake.
Tourism in Florida saw a downturn this year, attributed largely to several highly publicized killings of tourists.
Admission: $6.25, calculated at $1.56 to the pound, children 16 and under $1.50.
But unless force is literally needed to protect the monitors' lives, the Administration should sit tight and settle down to a policy of sanctions, sanctuary and intensified international diplomacy.
And it seems clear to many Israelis that President Hafez al-Assad of Syria will settle for no less than the equivalent of returning Sinai to Egypt.
Mr. Hatzis, in the Bronx, will find a neighborhood with a substantial housing build-up thanks to the Nehemiah program.
All about him the sharks insinuate themselves upon his truly good nature, waste his valuable time and exploit his celebrity.
The auto industry has already sued both New York and Massachusetts for adopting the California system on their own and has blocked legislation in some other states.
Among the utilities, Public Service Enterprise Group rose 3/4, to 30 3/4; American Electric Power was up 3/4, to 35 7/8; Pacific Gas and Electric rose 1/2, to 33 1/4, and Peco Energy, formerly Philadelphia Electric, added 5/8, to 28 1/8.
THE city of the White House, the Capitol, the Washington Monument and the Lincoln Memorial is perhaps the most deceptive in America.
is expected to say that merging American Tobacco with Brown & Williamson would combine the strengths of each company's operations, making the new company more competitive with Philip Morris and RJR Nabisco, the leading American cigarette makers.
The village fell within the Monroe-Woodbury Central School District until a special state statute passed in 1989 carved out a separate district following village lines to serve this distinctive population.
" He felt an obligation to teach them.
At the same time, the technical mess needed to be cleaned up, and morale had to be lifted.
The Arizona Republic said yesterday that BUDDY RYAN, the coach-general manager, hadn't received a response from Clark about restructuring his three-year, $6 million contract, which calls for $1.37 million in base salary this season.
To The Home Section: You will be surprised to get a letter from so far away as Scotland and from the grandniece of the late Sir Harry Lauder (1870-1952), but I always write and thank anyone who keeps his name alive -- however inadvertently in your case, writing about the shrub Harry Lauder's Walking Stick in "Finding the Perfect Place for the Perfect Plant" [ Cuttings, April 10 ] .
With most of the track in place, creating a hub would require building a station at Sunnyside.
"We wouldn't like to go to court on this," Mr. DeRubeis said, but the town has to draw the line somewhere.
'Fed Up With Bullies' At 4:30 P.M. local time, General Rose made his formal request for the bombing assistance, United Nations officials here said.
Just last month, Moosa Hanoukai of Los Angeles was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter, a charge reduced from murder, for beating his wife to death with a wrench.
JOHN FRY Katonah, N.Y., May 16, 1994 The writer is a director of the Hudson Riverkeeper and of the Cross River Reservoir Association.
The price of the 30-year bond climbed 120/32 , to 10118/32 , for a yield of 7.37 percent, down from 7.50 percent on Monday.
'They Demoralized Us' "The Rangers played as well as they could and we played as bad as we could, and I'll be the first to admit I didn't play anywhere near my best," said Hextall, who yielded 16 goals in losing three of four games.
By contrast, education officials said private schools in the Jersey City area cost between $1,800 and $4,500 a year.
Memory is one of our most precious human assets.
Romulus Ledbetter, Mr. Green's protagonist, is a homeless, black, paranoid private eye who can be roused to propriety only by a case as interesting as the one Mr. Green has dreamed up for his first novel.
Saw No Abuse Signs Mr. Thompson said he never saw any signs of physical abuse on the children.
Mr. Rabadi, who emigrated from Jordan 23 years ago and who, like Mr. Fanek, owns a food market, said he worried often about his children, who attend the public schools and sometimes "have to answer to their classmates for the bad news in the papers."
In addition, phone companies say, some people who know of the charges call from motels, offices, airports or colleges, leaving someone else to pick up the bill.
It really will come from the ground up."
In the top bowl of a double boiler over medium-low heat, whisk together the egg yolks and the reduced tarragon liquid.
It said that in Thailand, infection with H.I.V.
After all, he served his time shredding his knees and changing choreography to avoid the holes in splintered small-town stages during the endless tours that kept the Ailey company alive in its early years.
When did you first see yourself as an artist?
He became executive vice president in 1948, president and a member of the board in 1951 and chairman and chief executive in 1964.
-------------------- Clinton Names Irish Adviser WASHINGTON, Dec. 1 (Reuters) -- President Clinton named Senator George J. Mitchell today as his special adviser for Ireland and said the Senate Democratic leader, who is retiring, would bolster efforts to promote peace there.
The man was identified as Ronald Coombs, 33.
A fire that began in a restaurant in Jackson Heights, Queens, damaged at least 18 adjoining stores early yesterday, and investigators have declared the blaze suspicious, the Fire Department said.
Mr. Pataki and the State Republican Committee have received more than $563,000 since 1990.
What the narrators share is extraordinary wit and perception; an unclouded, unsparing eye for the irritating foibles and tender failings of their neighbors; a fondness for abstract, pungent speculation about the whole gamut of human relationships; and finally a knack for expressing all this in beautifully modeled paragraphs, in sentences that are at once natural, lyrical, acerbic and epigrammatic.
They became part of the-then radical mindset of the waning 1960's, chanting and marching for change.
Similar Mutual Fund Rule The proposed rule is similar to that governing mutual funds, which are not allowed to predict the future, only to indicate past performance.
Now he lives at home for the first time in years.
Jack Benkowsky, editor of Artforum, says he worries that criticism that can't be understood without painstaking rereading, and criticism that forsakes judgment for description may be destined for irrelevance.
Then I would walk on the Upper East Side on the weekend when everyone is away in the Hamptons.
Under the terms of the three-year textile pact, the rate of growth of Chinese exports to the United States will be slowed, with no growth allowed in 1994 and about 1 percent growth each year thereafter.
Transportation Secretary Federico F. Pena conceded the other day that budget politics made it virtually impossible to adequately finance a high-tech operation like the aviation agency.
"This seems to be lost on the some critics of the policy of constructive engagement," he added.
It would not be high on anyone's list of powerhouse positions.
The Knicks kept giving the Philadelphia 76ers opportunities.
If you have just seen "The Man Who," you wonder what Peter Brook might do with this piece.
The New Orleans Saints signed their first-round draft choice, Joe Johnson, and the 13-year veteran Frank Warren, both defensive ends, to multiyear contracts on Tuesday.
There are also narrated animations on map making and time zones, among other features -- great for homework.
A List of Deficiencies Longer Than Most The 1993 State Health Department survey, which outlined 66 deficiencies relating to the delivery of health care at Kings County, was conducted over a three-week period as part of New York's routine review of hospitals in the state.
charged that Mrs. Tumminia arranged to have Shearson Lehman Advisors place trades for more than six million shares of stock through her husband from 1991 to 1992 without telling her firm about the conflict of interest.
After hearing out all the combatants, she comes to realize that "the whole controversy's turning into a class thing -- traditional livelihoods up against privileged leisure."
The rental process takes from four to seven minutes to complete and costs the same as dealing with a Thrifty employee, the company said.
This was going to be harder than I thought.
Stories abound of Heye arriving in villages to buy everything in sight, from exquisite stone carvings to worn-out moccasins and lacrosse sticks.
"We're 13 games better than we were at this time last year and that's a heck of a road up," Manager Dallas Green said.
Only four of the youths had been arrested on gun charges, though far more carried or had access to guns.
Ms. Sparrow's desserts are legendary -- light and delicate, yet rich in flavor and always seasonal.
A memorial service will be held in Garmisch on Wednesday in a local church.
Its troubles have in many ways reflected those of Detroit itself, which has gone from middle-class capital of the automobile industry to one of the country's most economically troubled cities.
Moderate growth has its virtues.
Mr. Reiley, a manager with a company that maintains air traffic control equipment, testified that in 1979 he was a guard in the prison ward of the Earl K. Long Hospital in Baton Rouge, La.
His remarks infuriated many listeners and often set off heated debate about the values of Israeli society.
Telefonica's stock, capitalized at $13 billion as of Jan. 31, is quoted on stock exchanges in New York, London, Paris, Frankfurt and Tokyo, as well as Madrid.
The coalition, an umbrella organization of citizen groups statewide, hopes to persuade state officials that a golf course in Liberty State Park is not a good idea.
Bruce H. Smolka, a 20-year veteran who is to take command of the 17th Precinct on the East Side of Manhattan today.
Only, for me, it was to become a kind of pursuit, a tracking of the physical trail of someone's path through the past, a following of footsteps.
Mr. Clinton came into office with an exceptionally frail mandate in an exceptionally adversarial political climate.
I think sports unions operate independently of the rest of the labor movement."
Of these six, the Rouen museum is showing four, including one on loan from the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston.
I can barely speak right now.
"I love everyone here," she said as she darted from one face to another as if she were pollinating the flowers in a garden.
Mr. Lee placed the 1940 population at 250 families; Rand McNally found 85 people last year.
That courage was helpful at school in New York during the weeks after the workshop performances, always a nerve-wracking time for graduating students.
KANTJIL EN DE TIJGER, 291 Spuistraat (20-620-09-94), is an Indonesian restaurant with a spare modern decor.
On Feb. 7, a Federal prosecutor in Little Rock called her and started an informal chat about the Madison case.
In addition, many applicants whose real fingerprints confirmed a criminal background were still granted benefits, said Don Crossetti, the Acting Assistant Commissioner of Adjudication at the immigration agency, because the F.B.I.
Patty Larkin, a singer, will entertain, and Evelyn C. White, a reporter for The San Francisco Chronicle and the editor of "Black Women's Health Book: Speaking for Ourselves," will speak.
For example, letters sent from ZIP codes beginning with 190 or 191 in the Philadelphia area are supposed to arrive at another 190 or 191 address overnight.
Two brothers, who told the police they had been shooting at cans on the roof of a building, were charged with reckless endangerment.
Although Judge Lifland has given Macy breathing room, the company now has to come up with additional incentives for its senior creditors, who are unlikely to accept gift certificates in exchange for their claims.
"There's lots of new blood now.
About 200 people will help verify the results by making simultaneous measurements from the air and on the ground.
A three-day battle in Vietnam in 1965.
On the association's anniversary, members are the first to note great progress beyond the 19th century, when wardens sold entertainment tickets for visitors to watch men and women behind bars and the courts prodded the state to release hundreds of inmates kept beyond their sentences.
They have the right to oppose the findings and have a hearing before an administrative law judge.
"People say to me, 'Whatever you want to do, I'll be there,' " Mr. Medavoy said quietly the other morning.
This spatial attraction more than makes up for the minuscule bedrooms, all big enough for a double bed and little more.
The museum is awaiting approval for the rest.
b-After a charge of $ 35 million, or 7 cents a share, from the cumulative effect of change in accounting for income taxes.
She gave birth to the future King Hussein on Nov. 14, 1935.
The full cost of room, board and tuition is $7,500 a year, but what students pay accounts for only a small portion of the school's $2 million annual budget.
CHRISTOPHER D. BODKIN Councilman Islip, L.I., May 19, 1994
The movers were stacking the boxes, the bookshelves in her office were bare and City Comptroller Elizabeth Holtzman was blowing her nose and muttering about a vacation.
He has looked for chance groupings in about 200 samples from Amsterdam, Baltimore and Miami and found none.
Ms. Whitman, in endorsing the Senate version, wants to determine whether the commission is still needed, said her spokesman, Carl Golden.
With grass roots evangelism or the Quaker meeting, individual outburst is essential.
I just concentrate on my music."
On April 29, Roland Ratzenberger, an Austrian driver, died in a crash practicing for the San Marino Grand Prix at Imola, Italy.
Besides his son, Mr. Brown is survived by his wife of 67 years, Betty; ; a daughter, Carolyn Straker of Manhattan, and five grandchildren.
In five previous instances, the earliest in October 1991, the victims were fondled, the police said.
They skewered the lawyer for R. J. Reynolds, H. Joseph Escher 3d of Howard, Rice, Nemerovski, Canady, Robertson, Falk & Rabkin.
"Sometimes writing a song is not enough," he says.
"All of the talk about computerization, modernization and productivity has the following problem: it's time-consuming, it's not immediate, and in the meantime day-to-day services are being impacted."
Nelson Rockefeller's early Chinese ceramics and 20th-century art, including works by Picasso and Warhol, will also be on view, as will more than 70 pieces of 20th-century sculpture in the gardens.
He's a fast, fast player."
Mr. Bratton has ordered a review of the policy and training for handling violent prisoners, and has appointed a task force to devise better instruction, tactics and equipment in making arrests so as to reduce injuries to officers and prisoners.
She wanted more than something to eat.
Another first this year was that the festival was held on Sunday rather than on Labor Day, since Rosh ha-Shanah, the Jewish New Year, begins at sundown on Monday.
These two ideas, Havel says, remind us "that we are an integral part of higher, mysterious entities against whom it is not advisable to blaspheme."
Both he and Beck, also a born-again Christian, had attended a Bible study four days before the final round.
"Back home everybody played chess.
A handwritten notation added: "Newt, thanks again for the help on today's committee hearing."
But the Community Hospital-Phelps affiliation did not provide for an eventual merger or partnership, and the North Tarrytown hospital acted solely as an independent contractor retained by Dobbs Ferry for management services.
The dominant theme of both ad campaigns is why one should not vote for the opponent, rather than why one should vote for them.
An NBC spokeswoman said both shows were candidates for midseason.
It was not a perfect portrayal: she captured little of Arabella's proud outward poise, applied a disconcertingly broad vibrato at times and sounded tired toward the end.
Dependent on erratic, low wages earned in the timber industry, the couple live in desperate poverty that Beal is too proud to alleviate with the help of food stamps.
During the 1980's, this was the one Long Island community that got younger.
"Green Mars" chronicles the growing strength of this underground, whose members still differ vehemently among themselves about the wisdom of terraforming even while their actions, both political and scientific, advance its progress.
The documents also noted that the medical students were not in danger.
Mike Medavoy, a one-time talent agent who served as a senior film company executive for more than two decades, resigned today as chairman of Tri-Star Pictures.
STEVE BALBONI, a member of the 1985 World Series champion Kansas City Royals, was among six players cut yesterday by the team.
The Lions scored their most points in a dozen years, and then held off a late Cornell rally for a wild 38-33 victory before 8,825.
In another study published in the journal Health Physics last March, researchers at the University of Kansas School of Medicine studied hundreds of women who were long-term residents of 20 counties in Iowa with above-average radon levels.
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 300 calories, 7 grams fat, 45 milligrams cholesterol, 440 milligrams sodium, 25 grams protein, 45 grams carbohydrate.
He added: "It sends a strong message of deterrence.
For "Turning Point": Betsy West, executive producer; Janice Tomlin, co-executive producer.
"We have to look at getting out in the community and talking to these women who haven't been involved -- homeless women, incarcerated women.
Coach Pete Carroll said the team's doctors have assured him that the two injuries are unrelated.
Once it is determined that a "special circumstance" set forth by law -- here a multiple killing -- exists, a prosecution committee makes a recommendation to a senior prosecutor, after considering all the facts, and then a final decision is made.
The opening is scheduled for the spring of 1995.
Congress is considering legislation that will revamp telecommunications policy.
To make sure a princess didn't have to go to the bathroom while sitting at court swathed in 12 layers of silk, she was fed only dry food on the day before she was to wear junihitoe.
Her plain-talk opinions on everything from teen-age pregnancy to the suicidal impulses of sheep get the proper deference from the guests at Rancho del Valle, who are not your usual assortment of tourist oddities but vital characters who play an active part in Ms. Oliphant's well-laid plot.
The national chain has one outlet in the Bronx -- in Baychester -- but several soulmates on Fordham Road: Kiddie Towne (a misspelling that recalls the chain's inverted 'R'), Smart Kids and, simply, Toys.
Appier (18-8 with a league-leading 2.56 earned-run average) earned $2 million last year, Jose $1,525,000.
Eight men who attempted the trip are rumored to have been killed by the Serbs.
Justin ran after her, hiding the gun behind his leg, and ordered her to sit down in the road.
We didn't spot all of these, but simply seeing cliffs 2,500 feet high from a vessel sailing through water 70 fathoms deep made us feel rather small details in the landscape.
What remains entirely unclear is whether Edison can run first-rate schools and also turn a profit.
The Fed influences this rate by buying or selling Government securities.
And his "6.6 Great Quake" T-shirt is already outdated: the earthquake's magnitude on the Richter scale of ground motion has since been upgraded to 6.7.
b-Included a pretax gain of $ 48.9 million, or $ 30.6 million, or 84 cents a share, after tax, on the sale of about 68,000 acres of non-strategic land holdings and a charge of $ 10 million before tax, or $ 6.3 million, or 17 cents a share, after tax,) for costs related to companywide personnel reductions.c-Net lossd-After a gain of $ 10,911,000, or 30 cents a share, from an adjustment in accounting.Latest year's share earnings included a charge of 34 cents a share for GNP/corporate restructuring, a charge of 16 cents a share for an increase in deferred tax liabilities and a gain of 90 cents a share on real property sales.The 1992 year's share earnings included a charge of 9 cents a share for corporate restructuring and a nonrecurring charge for equipment write-off of 21 cents at share.
Another series, "13 Clues to a Fictitious Crime," is also played out against photographic backgrounds, with a bird's wing, a pair of sunglasses, a coat-check ticket and other evocative objects presented in enigmatic arrangements.
There are references to train stations that relate to his having been forced to return to Switzerland from Germany.
An international architectural competition for the design of the new museum is to begin next month, with the winner expected to be chosen by late autumn.
With the persistent fear of the destruction of old-growth forests, the spread of monoculture timber plantations, the increasing use of fossil fuels and the shrinking amount of landfill space, it is timely to consider downsizing our needs for large houses and their appetite for lumber, energy and landfill space.
But she's going to be a very frightened woman for a very long time."
For instance, projects could include interactive products based on animated characters appearing in advertising created by Interpublic agencies including McCann-Erickson, Lintas Worldwide and the Lowe Group.
But having gotten it, traders did not quite know what to make of it, leading to the second consecutive mixed session.
It means that every elliptic curve can be covered in a special way by a surface made up of the upper complex half plane.
Said Hill: "We're giving him the chance to be the architect of something that will last a long time.
Concerned with the persistence of debilitating symptoms -- fever and fatigue among them -- years after contracting the disease, some victims of chronic Lyme disease say doctors and researchers have ignored their needs.
She resigned from the post later that year, contending that Secretary of State Henry A. Kissinger had ignored her office on policy matters.
C29 Television: TV Weekend D18 Sports B8-16 Baseball: Decision on Gooden's penalty is postponed.
As an illustration, she said in early April that the best noncharter price for a one-way trip to Paris between now and June 11 would be on Tower Air, $219 for a Friday trip, which is the same price advertised by Council Travel.
Heavy snow closed Sarajevo Airport on Friday.
The importance of the marten as a Croatian symbol is further demonstrated by the adoption of the marten as a central element on the Croatian coat of arms.
Christine Elizabeth Chambers, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Raymond G. Chambers of Morristown, N.J., was married yesterday to Michael Trainer Gilfillan, a son of Mr. and Mrs. John G. Gilfillan 3d, also of Morristown.
"Today was more gradual, with a continued flow of retail investors coming into the market.
Not solely because of the different tastes, flavors and colors that suddenly had to be absorbed into the family, not solely because of the perceived clash of values between the old and the new, but primarily because change, in and of itself, is a concept that betrays the fundamental and spiritual essence of what it means to be The Yankees.
The tempest erupted after Councilman Noach Dear, an Orthodox Jew from Brooklyn, requested a Council vote on a resolution reprimanding Dr. Jeffries for a speech delivered in Newark and being sold on videotape, which compared Jews to "skunks" and said they had "stunk up everything."
One of the newly elected Republican House members, Sue Myrick of North Carolina, said she did not believe she was helped or hurt by her sex.
Mexican regulators have not yet set out all the criteria for selecting long-distance competitors.
But a new map, published by Boston's Grand Circle Foundation, details every landmark of the four-mile ravine, from lakes and bridges to forests and rock formations.
Robinson, who on Thursday agreed to a 10-year contract worth a reported $68 million, was not signed before the game.
By declaiming sections of the poem while playing a recording, he demonstrated the music's programmatic character, even in the finale, for which Dvorak mentioned no Longfellow connection.
Most state politicians in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar, India's most heavily populated states, and West Bengal, the third state through which the Ganges flows, have shown little interest in making the plan work, say officials here and in New Delhi.
Tonight, my fellow Americans, we are summoned to answer a question as old as the Republic itself: What is the state of our union?
Reclaiming the flood plain, for generations Missouri's most productive farmland, could cost $500 million, the Soil Conservation Service said.
It creates a community where there is a very low tax base now.
Their ancestor also wrote "Paddlin' Madelin' Home," "Side by Side" and "Try a Little Tenderness."
So positive was the team karma that it did not even seem to amaze when Saberhagen pitched six perfect innings in the middle game of that series, another Tuesday.
Somali employees of the Belgian aid agency Doctors Without Borders said fighting broke out in the center of Kismayu, which United Nations officials say is a likely flashpoint for renewed civil war.
Two of the books -- "Reef," published in the United States in May, and "Paradise," which is to be published here in the spring -- are being brought out by the same American company, the New Press.
In this view, the right, already hovering near the 50 percent mark, is assured of a triumph in the presidential race and could even emerge with a claim to a strong political mandate.
Endorsed by a disparate group of backers that includes Carol M. Browner, the head of the Environmental Protection Agency, the American Medical Association and the National Council on Chain Restaurants, it proposes to ban smoking inside virtually every building in the country, except homes, that is regularly entered by 10 or more people a week.
The commander and the other survivors were taken prisoner and spent the last 10 months of the war in a prison near Tokyo, where they were subjected to beatings and a starvation diet.
The old Limon company was also noted for dancers who were vivid personalities on stage in plotless and narrative works alike.
In recent weeks, two conservative groups have vigorously challenged People for the American Way's conclusions.
Reversed Her Field While her former countryman German Silva was able to overcome his marathon misteps yesterday, Olga Appell believes a similar detour may have cost her a victory.
's rule will do is take money from consumers and taxpayers and hand it over to Archer Daniels Midland, which produces about 60 percent of the nation's supply of ethanol.
The market's primary focus today will be on the Producer Price Index, which is expected to increase by about 0.4 percent overall, and 0.2 percent at the core.
Increasingly, sport has become associated with huge sums of money, as well as the pressures that money brings.
In order to fend for them, in order to make sure that they have someplace to dance, I have to be strong as nails, with a lot of faith and a soft heart."
There's little evidence that felines were ready to leave cattiness behind, and they have paid for it.
*A growing sense of concern among front-office employees that layoffs may soon occur.
But he added, "It's not our place to explain the rationale for a customer's decision."
Mr. Michel was the Commerce Minister for the first five months of President Aristide's term.
The Miniatures Industry Association of America estimates that miniaturism is a $56-million-a-year industry, a figure nearly double the $30 million that Americans spent on tiny furnishings in 1987.
A few trusted friends and scholars were privy to their existence.
And the production has all the doves for a scene in a Greek garden.
After nine years in the city, he has not done much exploring, although he's ridden the subways and has walked the streets from his stores to the bank.
While the Baroque style seems to incorporate richness and joy, it came about, in this part of the world, after the destruction and misery of the Thirty Years' War.
And he said his successor should have additional resources, as well as the power to expand the inquiry to all 11 of the department's barracks, not just the 2 he was instructed to focus on.
The Los' non-Asian accounts have included Flushing's Queens County Savings Bank and Woodner House Condominium in Flushing.
Max played basketball -- and he wasn't her parent.
Although trading was quiet in preparation for the long holiday weekend in the United States and Britain, the rally led the dollar toward the high end of its range against both the mark and the Japanese yen.
Although still in search of a sponsor, Scully has tapped private funds to get started.
And the Nets only scored 9 points in the fourth quarter.
Under the old policy, patients at the hospital, which serves the poor, signed a consent form agreeing to drug testing if their doctors determined such tests were needed.
In Simms's case, the salary cap was less the reason than it was the weapon.
[ and they'll ] buy anything."
Significant Pressure Mr. Sharpton had come under significant pressure from black legislators and other elected officials to avoid the convention out of concern for Mr. McCall, whose election in November would make him the first black New Yorker to win statewide elective office.
Early this month the U.S. prevailed on our allies to undertake a study of how to expand NATO.
Seismology has come a long way since those days, however, and Mr. Osburn said Shell's computer models augur well for the Auger wells.
The cello, which displays a tonal, Romantic pathos, seems to come to resolution.
Belle's best chance of winning his case appeared to be the argument that the bat that the American League examined was not the bat he used on Friday night.
Although Mr. Akashi said he secured an agreement on Bihac today, President Milosevic has lost some sway over Serbs outside Serbia since his decision to impose a blockade on the Bosnian Serbs four months ago, and it seemed very unlikely that he could prevail on them to stop the Bihac offensive.
It gives a whole new meaning to the concept of public dining.
CSC Index, a re-engineering consultant, pronounced that evaluation unfair, after doing its own survey of several hundred "re-engineered" companies.
The growth in contraceptive use (from 19.1 percent to 45.1 percent) in a decade is attributable to oral pills (about 40 percent of all contraception).
And the Jets never recovered after the torturous, eight-minute attack in which they were then bowled over by Dolphins' runners.
"You know, you cannot prepare for life," she says.
Earlier in their investigation, the two agencies considered presenting new interpretations that could give them broad authority to regulate derivatives.
The company typically aims for a 35 percent rate of return on its merchant banking investments.
Researchers at the American Health Foundation, a privately financed, nonprofit group that does basic and applied research on disease prevention, recently discovered a method for measuring NNAL and NNAL-gluc in urine.
What we've been striving for is long-term sustainable growth with low inflation, and that's what's resulted thus far."
He can control his own destiny."
"The rest of the citizens are in some other line of work, and vast numbers of them write something during the day that gets foisted on other people.
Now the team has returned to Michael's Pub (211 East 55th Street, Manhattan) for an open-ended run with "Hoo-Dude," which is billed as "an embellishment" of the original show.
'On the Edge of the Cliff' "We are standing on the edge of the cliff," Tsutomu Hata, the Foreign Minister and Deputy Prime Minister, said on Japanese television.
"It is an amazing thing, but Russians who don't believe in anything anymore -- not in the Government, not in politicians -- are ready to believe an advertisement that promises to make them rich overnight," said Mikhail Berger, a journalist for the newspaper Izvestia who has investigated some of the scams.
Both Federal Court rulings and state law prohibit the police from randomly stopping vehicles to search for drugs.
The girls, he realized, had been captivated by a toy that functioned beautifully at the lowest possible cost.
Growing up in Europe, Mr. Kylian was not influenced by American Indian ceremonies, as were many of America's modern-dance pioneers in the 1930's and 40's.
Opinion polls published today in the newspaper Izvestia show little support for the war in the Caucasus, which appears to worsen every day.
Goldman, Sachs declined to elaborate and Mr. Conway did not return a phone call.
8 HIGH COURT TO STUDY JURY AWARDS The Supreme Court agreed to decide whether the right to judicial review of a jury's award of damages is constitutionally required to protect defendants against excessive judgments.
In an area where the making of enemies goes almost without saying, she was, by all reports, to have very few enemies -- unafraid when Edward Albee deliberately went out to shock the board of directors, during the short time when he was theater director, unafraid when, in the middle of a showing of abstract art, someone decided to intrude a realistic painting.
Buy some analysts say the devaluation could consequently lead to a drop in imports, thus reducing the trade deficit and the foreign funds needed to finance it.
If so, can we let those people stay in the Navy?"
"Walking through the New Amsterdam was like going through a dark, damp and musty cavern," Mr. Eisner recalled, while Mr. Stern likened it to a scene from "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom."
On Wednesday, the Nikkei rose 268.26 points, or 1.35 percent.
The result was a gain of 14 imps to the Goldberg team en route to victory.
"It has been kind of quiet," said Lizbeth Goldberg, assistant vice president at Hypobank.
Admission: $6; $3 for ages 6 to 17.
Renovation of Galleries In addition, Mr. Ross said, the society will name a new chief executive no later than June, and work has begun on a $12.6 million renovation of the society's galleries, which is to be completed in 1995.
No problems were reported at first.
The military color guard that stood at stiff attention in the unseasonal June steam carried several battle streamers from fights waged in the Pacific theater.
All the White House Women As Naina Yeltsin tried to keep up with Hillary Rodham Clinton's frantic pace, Washington debated whether women were slipping in the White House hierarchy.
Many Chinese intellectuals, while dissatisfied with human rights conditions in China, are critical of some dissidents living in this country who depend on foreign governments for their political activities and their livelihood.
He has lurched too much already, which is how he has achieved the almost impossible feat of being perceived simultaneously as a stealth liberal and a closet conservative.
Who would have predicted the tragic course Bosnia has taken?"
Members may attend both for $150.
In need of renovations and with a steady clientele only a few months of the year, it had become too expensive to run.
"I've got 50 hours worth of tattoos," he said.
Her father was a real estate broker in Lyndhurst, N.J., at Cushman & Wakefield, the commercial real-estate leasing company.
Cullen/Frost investors or acquirers now have the added incentive of a Mexico play.
At a time when the need is so quickly outpacing government's response to AIDS, Ms. Streisand has made a tremendous difference in ourability to serve people affected by H.I.V.-AIDS.
The first is the way the Los Angeles police have acted in a succession of controversial episodes, including the beating of Rodney G. King by police officers in 1991 and the riots a year later.
"We're actually seeing the individual hot spots in the early universe," said Dr. Rod Davies, director of the University of Manchester's Jodrell Bank Observatory in England.
The first African store will be opened in 1995, probably in Cairo, a Domino's spokeswoman said.
It has expanded in stock and bond mutual funds, but its asset gains have trailed competitors, leaving it with shrinking market shares.
Consulting With Mediators Orza spent part of the day consulting with players concerning the union's executive council meeting set for New York on Monday.
Asked if he had heard whispers that he could have returned sooner, Smith said: "As long as I've played in the league, and with the players and coaches I've played for, there has never been a situation where anybody has taken a shot at me for not playing.
Samuel Cadeau, a political worker for Father Aristide who is hiding in a safe house in Port-au-Prince, echoed the remarks of many Haitians who fear the United States is increasing their chances of getting killed.
"That's how things can get away from you," said Mr. Ronay, who never thought much of that lead.
He stocks nearly 400 titles -- "no detectives or adventures or science fiction" -- and earns enough to finance the publishing company.
It's better than I had hoped at this point.
9* 16 THE TAO OF POOH, by Benjamin Hoff.
President Clinton slipped out for some last-minute Christmas shopping and gave thanks for peace in his weekly radio address.
It also helps camouflage the weaknesses of the nondescript original songs by Mr. John and Tim Rice.
The pre-game scene rivaled the Academy Awards, with cameras clicking everywhere as Jordan negotiated his glossy black 911 Porsche -- "AIR 1," read the license plate -- through a crowd of maybe 1,000 gathered outside the arena.
Kidder Peabody says a study of the firm's mortgage-backed bonds concluded that their prices reflected market conditions.
Baskets of impatiens and geraniums hang from the pines.
Experiments have shown that monkeys lose interest in mating when nerve messages from the olfactory system are blocked.
Cotton prices climbed on signs of heavy demand.
Gulf of Mexico Oil Drilling Buoyed by Shell Oil's deep-drilling success in the Gulf of Mexico, Amoco, Exxon and Shell are drilling even deeper.
All of this is rather a lot to heap on one fictional character.
Lawyers, judges and former aides to Mr. Clinton in Arkansas say she played a crucial role in deciding who would fill the unexpired terms of judges, dealing directly with candidates for the jobs.
Shareholder demand for the flashy software annual reports is not known.
Construction on the terminal is expected to start next year, and it is scheduled to open in 1998.
While all these works are vessels, many must have been inspired by solid forms: rocks, boulders, spadelike stone weapons, the trunks of birch trees.
Because he's vital, as is Starks, as is Charles Oakley.
"We have a better way to listen to the radio," he said.
The tests did not measure the concentration of lead in water running out of taps in households equipped with the pumps.
"But we're known for our technical knowledge, our fabric research and our manufacturing.
"There are the generally difficult conditions of the quick-service industry, which include competitiveness, and everyone going for a value orientation," he said.
"They know what I demand, what I want," he said.
The company is challenging a proxy fight initiated earlier this month by Capstay Partners L.P., an investment group, and an affiliate, Gotham Capital III L.P.
"Bosnia is too small for this Granic and there are tens of thousands of Serbs like him," Mr. Hurtic said during a recent conversation in Sarajevo.
It was a class struggle, and Mrs. Kelley bluntly complains about doctors and their "God-complexes."
But Administration officials and aviation officials refused to answer questions today about whether air traffic controllers had talked to Mr. Corder by radio.
The 4:30 program on the grounds of Nonnewaug High School features Prokofiev's "Peter and the Wolf."
The neighbors, a community of seven or eight, were prostitutes and drug users and people like him, who had given up on the world topside.
Testaverde, whose playing time had been limited since he sustained concussions in consecutive games against Cincinnati and Denver last month, was alternately awful and brilliant.
A shootout on Staten Island gravely wounded a 2-year-old boy.
"One student wrote, 'Well, blacks weren't as good as whites,' " he recalled.
The Fed's best policy course, he said, is to persuade the markets of the Fed's long-term commitment to price stability.
To the Editor: In "Experiments Link Alzheimer's Condition and Zinc" (Science Times, Sept. 6), you quote Dr. Rudolph Tanzi as saying that even if zinc is related to Alzheimer's disease, there is no need to worry because the amounts you get in food or in vitamin supplements are not enough to harm you.
It also gets around another limitation of point-and-shoots: the inability to change to a longer or shorter lens.
"If we didn't take their price, we would be removed anyway and we'd get nothing."
The Marks Fund is part of a patchwork of private philanthropic efforts that support programs for AIDS research, prevention and treatment in New York City.
Yet Mrs. Thomas can no longer complain about being completely ignored.
Joel Reynolds, a lawyer with the Natural Resources Defense Council, called the ruling "absolutely a step in the wrong direction," The Associated Press reported.
's worldwide revenues from consulting of all kinds reached $362 million last year, estimates Consultants News, a newsletter in Fitzwilliam, N.H. Mr. Howe, general manager of I.B.M.
Then there are the charges of the annuity contract: an administrative fee of up to $60 and a mortality and an expense risk fee of up to 1.4 percent.
Case Even as Ms. Faulkner was pressing her case the Department of Justice was suing Virginia Military Institute, the nation's only other state-supported, all-male military college over its similar admission policies.
During Cardinal Spellman's time, the perception was one of unbridled ambition and power wielded to advance the church's cause.
But Mr. Clinton pointed to NATO's success in February at compelling the Serbs to withdraw heavy weapons from Sarajevo, and argued that the new policy could succeed.
He didn't display his famous temper as much.
The rule that led to Brazil beating Italy yesterday, 3-2, in penalty kicks after 120 minutes of scoreless play.
An Evening of Theater Tina Sattin, director of Open Cage, said the new money would allow the theater group to expand its yearly outdoor performance, which will be presented free at Hartley Park on July 20 at 7:30 P.M.
"It was a long and delicate negotiation," said Desmond Oswald, managing director of Canuk Exploration.
G. Sarti has a 16th-century Roman marble table richly inlaid with trophies and geometric motifs.
Consequently, poultry companies are lowering the electricity even more than before.
But under Ivy League rules, Columbia does not now give athletic scholarships and did not when Mr. London attended; aid is officially based on need.
The cars that were modified by Mr. Lasso-Reina, according to Federal, state and New York City investigators, regularly traveled the highways between Los Angeles and New York with as much as 200 pounds of cocaine hidden behind panels in their doors, in nooks and crannies between the back seat and the wall of the trunk, and in spaces around the dashboard.
Before joining the Harvard faculty, he taught religious ethics at the University of Chicago.
And the residents see the fans who come to a ball game as more a negative in the community than a positive.
Mr. Hinckley, who will turn 84 this month, is also next in line to become the church's president, which is a lifetime post.
Linda Steiner, the assistant director of public information for the University of California at Los Angeles, has two gallons under the desk in her office.
"You want to force Harbaugh to beat you," Carroll said.
Then Young veered from the train-wreck pattern of last year.
Fifteen years ago, packets of heroin sold in New York contained mainly dilutants and only 4 to 5 percent heroin, the police said.
But the contrast will be even greater, since "The Last Judgment" was even dirtier.
Though many analysts suppress their doubts to stick by a client, Mr. Young has been recommending selling the stock.
Some Congressional Democrats, afraid to decide the Haiti question, have told President Clinton not to ask Congress.
People toss it out without any clear conception of what it means.
"Zoning wasn't effectively controlling these buildings," he said.
Nicholas Heyward survived for eight hours before dying at 3:15 yesterday morning at St. Vincent's Hospital and Medical Center in Manhattan.
The sale is proving a windfall and an assurance of job security for this close-knit community of 3,900, where Gerber grew from a local canning cooperative to an American icon, the giant of the baby food industry.
When inflation and other costs are included over the length of the project, the price tag rises to about $850 million on completion.
She lectured and wrote on skin care and advocated collagen moisturizers, deep-pore cleansing and staying out of the sun.
He said all kinds of mortgage securities had been selling steadily, but that the recent rise in interest rates had slowed the creation of new mortgage securities.
The puzzle appears to have been resolved by a team from Cornell University that has found the missing water.
Mr. Gale has cancer, and proceeds from the concert are to go toward his medical expenses.
James Stewart rushed for 145 yards and 3 touchdowns.
Another New York inmate, Reginald Troy, who developed an ulcer while a prisoner at the Shawangunk state prison in Wallkill, filed his civil rights suit in 1991, claiming it was unconstitutional not to provide him lamb, veal and oysters for his meals -- foods allowed by a doctor, but not required.
Family Remains Silent Apparently on instructions from the family lawyer, John Ross, Capriati and her parents have not been discussing the incident, and Ross has not commented.
It cost a total of $162.54.
Add the linguine and cook until al dente, about 10 minutes.
None of those generalities applies to Vaughn.
She also wrote a book, "Manual of Traveling Exhibitions," which was published by Unesco in 1953.
In "Abduction," the circumstances for translation are favorable.
Utility Role At 31, Cangelosi is neither an integral fixture in the Mets' system or a young player expected to blossom.
Until the early 1970's, the average return was 10 to 15 percent a year, which meant that a machine bought for $10,000 to stamp out hubcaps, for example, earned the company $1,000 to $1,500 annually.
Both sides agree that C-SPAN-like coverage by a local cable station influenced the outcome of the campaign in Martinsville, but the union did not radically change its tactics or beef up its staff to win.
4 soft lettuce leaves, like Boston or bibb 1.
For many New Yorkers, the American Museum of Natural History equals dinosaurs, an equation the museum happily promotes with its gift shop full of dinosaur tchotchkes, from T-shirts to key chains.
He was then chairman of the state's Employment Security Council through successive administrations in Trenton.
Annuities are a key part of the Equitable strategy because they are one solution to the aging baby boom generation's need for savings that will last through retirement, which tends to last longer as lifespans increase.
"I think Compuserve as a business is going to change very radically," said David Strom, a communications and networking consultant in Port Washington, N.Y. "It could be they're going to become a pipe, an access provider to the Internet, rather than a content provider."
Screening schedule and other information: (212) 875-5600.
In the Army, he earned an equivalency diploma.
The national debt is not the $4.4 trillion figure so often cited, but is really what the Government calls the "gross Federal debt held by the public," some $3.3 trillion.
A Justice Department study completed in March found that two-thirds of the women in prison have at least one child under the age of 18.
When the Emperor, in a somber ceremony, approached the memorial at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific, bent to place a wreath at the base of the granite monument and bowed for nearly a minute, he expressed with eloquence "shared sadness over the conflict."
An unsigned 19th-century pastel of two cherub children singing is thought to be from the Cos Cob School.
Koos & DeWilde, as the company is known, has a strong resort business, and the clothes are destined primarily for cities, not beaches.
JAMAICA The Men Will Cook; The Women Will Profit About 25 men have been chosen by the Queens Nia Club, a women's community service organization, to participate in the Jamaica Arts Center's third annual fund-raising event.
To lawyers like Mr. Spence, it is a waste of money.
Though millions of people are still crammed into these South African ghettos -- it is estimated that as many as four million people live in the 40 square miles of Soweto alone -- even a tiny percentage of middle-class migrants is significant.
A spokesman for the company, R. S. Meily, said the decision to release the results was made by Mrs. Lewis to "be more open with everybody, to act like a public company even though we are a private company."
And my two kids are less likely to ever start going to games on their own.
In other statewide races, the poll shows that H. Carl McCall, the Democratic candidate, and Herbert London, the Republican, remain locked in a very tight race for state comptroller, with each supported by 35 percent of the registered voters surveyed.
On Wall Street, Leon Cooperman, Goldman's former head of research, runs a successful fund that invests aggressively for wealthy clients.
In 11 games (he missed one with turf toe), Glenn leads the Jets with 11 passes defended against.
Officials outlined an invasion plan to take control of major installations quickly.
On the day he and his family moved into their new white house, Dr. Mgulwa bought a sheep and slashed its throat in the driveway near the garage where his two Mercedes-Benzes were parked.
These fictions leave no room for the confusion that surrounds so many real cases of sexual harassment.
By increasing competition for contractors, Pentagon officials hope to drive down prices for products.
At the same time, however, one North Korean official in Geneva vowed before the accord was reached never to permit such inspections.
Santa Fe Commissions The Santa Fe Opera has announced three commissions and a renovation of its open-air theater.
There had been talk at Philip Morris of splitting tobacco from other businesses, but the board recently shelved that idea.
BROOKLYN JAIL WILL BE CLOSED The City Correction Department said that it would close its jail near the old Brooklyn Navy Yard next week and transfer 400 inmates to its sprawling complex on Rikers Island.
And to avoid being judged by European prices, the Colombians are apparently prepared to end all rose exports to Europe.
We're not going to get that from another show with stand-up comics."
There will be a cocktail reception, and a buffet supper will be served.
He had a trucker's license that showed his employer as Double D Transportation.
He ignored the jury's conclusions."
Each company also agreed to dispose of minority interests in markets controlled by the other.
Beukeboom is equally valuable at both positions, which is to say, only somewhat.
Beth Gordon, 42, the executive vice president and managing director of media services at Ayer, has been named executive vice president and managing director of the Media Edge.
Her taste is impeccable, and she won't let you just give a program; it has to mean something, has to have a line throughout."
"See, I love living here," Mrs. Lavine said.
When his team vanished behind him from the middle of the third quarter to early in the fourth, Ewing carried on solo.
He'd take you by surprise.
The decision by Saab Cars USA Inc., the importer of Saab luxury cars from Sweden, to advertise in two magazines read by gay men and lesbians is considered a breakthrough for efforts to persuade mainstream advertisers to set aside longstanding concerns that the societal stigma against homosexuality, still widespread, requires them to shun that market.
Letko, who dropped out of last year's race, had been assured by Loroupe before yesterday's race that they had nothing to fear from each other because neither had run a marathon.
The debate over United States intervention has often centered around the question of how long the American presence would be required after Father Aristide's restoration to power.
Lilco shareholders were assessed for mismanagement and the rate payers assessed with interveners' obstruction, and the rate base that is used to calculate the electric bill was adjusted accordingly.
It drove me to work hard."
She had us laughing so much that we pushed each other into somersaults and fan kicks. "
Wafting through the classroom and through the campus, Ms. Reid appears to have alighted from the streetcar that stopped at the plantation.
But last week researchers came up with a surprise: the viruses causing common colds affect the sinuses as much as the nasal passages.
Experienced hat-checks and polite cowboys will always hand you your hat this way; it allows you simply to flip it up onto your head without turning or upending it.
But when the deadline arrived, the military refused to cede power, leading to the resumption of a fuel and arms embargo on Haiti.
He added: "We made a deal.
It's not a big, big issue, because I still have a contract that I have to abide by.
7 in west Harlem, someone placed a 911 call and reported an armed robbery at the building.
"Between the middle of December and the end of January, these numbers are all over the place, and you can't really draw any conclusions from them," said Cynthia Latta of DRI/McGraw-Hill.
"They all gasped," she recalled.
IN OTHER GAMES Jim Stayer threw for 199 yards and 2 touchdowns to lead NEW HAMPSHIRE (3-0, 2-0) to a 20-19 victory over visiting CONNECTICUT, dropping Coach Skip Holtz's Huskies to 1-3 over all and 1-1 in the Yankee Conference.
New Jersey took a 3-2 lead on a goal by Pascal Rheaume with 28 seconds left in the second period, but the Flyers tied the score on Eric Lindros's second goal of the game at the 4:08 mark.
Shalom remained behind, precluded too from answering questions about the specifics of the attack, but with a story to tell.
It was entertaining to watch the press crowd come to grips with the dead Richard Nixon over the weekend.
You recently have established two new schools -- the Edward G. Schlaefer School and the School of Graduate Studies.
Show, who stood 6 feet tall and weighed 185 pounds as a player but was listed in the last year of his life at 165 pounds, had been in and out of several rehabilitation centers in recent years.
I was flag high every time, giving myself lots of opportunities.
At its heart is a cash bar where visitors, like so many Burger King conventioneers, mill about in paper crowns before the show.
Democratic accommodationists, led by Chris Dodd in the Senate and Lee Hamilton in the House, argue that Clinton is playing to Castro's hands by martyring him.
"If you look into the water, you can almost see them growing."
It was shown at the Santa Barbara, Calif., International Film Festival this year. "
After further reflection, he said, "I regard it as an ongoing problem and we try to deal with it."
Simmering since September, the Glenn Healy-Mike Keenan stew has come to a boil.
He is almost certainly talking about a fund with a level load.
Then it was Ward's turn.
Mr. Bortnyk, a political centrist, was re-elected to Parliament last month by a farming constituency in the center of the country.
Fish Pockets For each serving (may be expanded to serve four, six or more): 1 1/2teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil 1 4- to 5-ounce piece of swordfish or boneless fillet of sea bass, snapper, salmon or haddock 1/2 medium potato, diced 1 scallion sliced diagonally in half-inch slices 1 thick slice of tomato, diced 3 or 4 long thin strips of red or yellow bell pepper 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste.
"The Odyssey" was first produced by the Royal Shakespeare Company in Stratford-on-Avon in 1992 and in London in 1993.
Strawberry returned to the dugout for his second standing ovation.
But if it doesn't appeal to heterosexual audiences, he said, Goldwyn is "still going to do very well."
Free with museum admission of $3; students and those 65 and older, $2.
The museum also said it had addressed many of the building's problems, such as placing what Mr. Powell called "raincoats," or rubberized greenhouselike structures, over the building's skylights to make them watertight.
Ms. Rudberg, 31, now works at the Lotas Minard Patton McIver agency, where she's known for wearing hats made of everything from fake leopard skin to fake green grass and for being the pickiest perfectionist in the office.
In February of this year, the Business Roundtable, representing about 200 of the nation's largest companies, rebuffed the Clintons and threw its support to a more modest rival plan.
Reservations were difficult to get.
Time machines operated by Historic Hudson Valley whisk visitors back to early American days.
"You have more 6-foot point guards, more versatile 6-5, 6-6 players.
Katherine Kelley Holland, the money and banking editor at Business Week magazine in New York, was married yesterday to Dr. Steven Jay Kanengiser, a pediatric pulmonologist and critical-care specialist at Westchester County Medical Center in Valhalla, N.Y. Justice Herbert J. Lipp of New York State Supreme Court, an uncle of the bridegroom, officiated at the Old Inn on the Green in New Marlborough, Mass.
It also would add two-way trading to Bloomberg's financial information services.
The Dow rose 41.72 points, and the S.& P. 500 gained 3.45 points [ 39. ]
If they were eliminated from the state championships, the P.S.A.L.
With these advantages in mind, Mr. Clinton has turned to sanctions, often working closely with other nations, in the diplomatic crises he has faced: Bosnia, Haiti and North Korea.
I've never heard a sorry from those folks.
Always, though, the performance was expected to be flawless.
"I don't think there was an uproar," says Robert Montgomery Scott, the Philadelphia museum's longtime president and chairman of the board.
If the Navy were appropriately reduced to 9 or 10 carrier battle groups, it would be retiring old carriers instead of building new ones.
Although she left New York for Southern California in the late 1960's, she appeared in New York regularly, usually at the Blue Note, where she did two engagements a year through most of the 1980's.
The first sign of trouble came in October 1992 when "unknown persons" tried to set fire to the ash tree.
They rent two 15-passenger vans and pick up the students daily to transport them to the college.
The first war didn't get him a bump in the polls; now let's try a second one."
Zhong broke a 13-year-old record Wednesday in the women's 100-meter butterfly with 58.71 seconds.
Also engrossing is the sixth-floor gallery devoted to Warhol's efforts from the 1940's, when he was studying art in Pittsburgh, and from the 50's, when he became a successful commercial artist in New York.
He is a 4-year-old son of Pleasant Colony owned by Centennial Farms, and he has won 6 of his 18 starts and has run in the money 12 times.
In other cases Columbia/HCA has to woo insurers and health maintenance organizations, which heavily influence or completely control where patients go for specialized treatments.
"Never mind the he said/she said testimony," said the investigator, who would not speak for attribution, referring to apparent conflicts between Harding's statements and those given by Gillooly on Jan. 26 and 27.
Four years later, Mr. Nettles settled in Copenhagen, where he choreographed dances for the first Broadway musicals staged in Denmark.
Richter accidentally helped set up Hedican's goal by unsuccessfully trying to clear the puck through the slot.
But people have to realize that we all own this building."
In his opening remarks, Mr. Strouch said the patent covered a "pioneering invention which led to the modern home video-game system and an invention which is being used by Nintendo."
Willa Cather knew what she was doing when she said she didn't want any of her novels read in high school.
David C. Trosch, Michael Bray, C. Roy McMillan, Matthew Trewhella, David Crane and Donald Spitz.
Martin McCarthy remarks with wit and precision that angels are extraterrestrial ("Would You Baptize an Extraterrestrial?"
HARRY P. PACHON MORGAN P. APPEL Claremont, Calif., June 10, 1994 The writers are, respectively, president and senior research associate of the Tomas Rivera Center.
"When there are problems, they are not the fault of postal workers," said Mr. Corso.
"I firmly believe the New York City Police Department can police itself," Mr. Mack said yesterday.
Like Ms. Finley, he deals with the cultural objectification of the body, presenting a world of flesh peddlers and cannibals.
But it also means throwing thousands of Americans out of work.
In addition to Mr. Janis, students included William Kapell and Gary Graffman.
"You can't introduce democracy by undemocratic means."
As King Hussein looks out across the Jordan, either from the eastern bank or from Aqaba, he may well be impressed by the spectacle of a dynamic Israeli society.
Rob Annink, a United Nations military spokesman here.
"There's no way he's coming back this season," one person familiar with the situation said.
In 1913 Hearst bought the entire building from Macdonald.
But it is not clear which of Kidder's other businesses can make money.
But unlike some of his colleagues, he defended the Jeffries demotion, saying there was an important difference between a teaching position and an administrative one.
Zale, based in Iriving, Tex., a suburb of Dallas, has 1,265 outlets, including Zales, Gordon's and Bailey Banks & Biddle jewelry stores, as well as counters leased in Dillard, Marshall Field and other stores.
Workers Are Retrained Mr. Jones said more than 2,000 postal employees of all ranks had been retrained since May, attending classes on the theoretical concepts of mail delivery as well as practical how-to classes on casing and delivering mail.
Mr. Clinton acknowledged that Mr. Yeltsin remained skeptical of air strikes, but he said he expected to see "the United States and Russia working together."
No alcoholic beverages may be brought to the site, and none will be sold there.
Other (perhaps) closing statements on the matter: Pardee: "This doesn't help him out, as well as the team."
Slipshod organization and production also mar the book.
Tying on a false beard, donning the celebrated stovepipe hat and settling into a rocking chair in a model of the box at Ford's Theater, he offers himself as a surrogate for the President.
Still, Union Square is one of the most pleasant restaurants around, and the cosseting one receives in this handsome, unpretentious place is worth the $11 for the burger.
Then he struck out at the President, perhaps more harshly than ever before in a public setting, abandoning his usual leavening of humor.
On one hand, the incidents produce a kind of fear on the part of the public, in large part because they attract inordinate amounts of publicity.
Perhaps inevitably, Ms. Goonan, a first novelist of enormous talent and energy, overreaches in the same way as the nanotechnologists whose hubris she chronicles.
The story is much the same in Montana, where two people died fighting fires that threatened new homes in the northwest part of the state, and in Colorado, where the 14 people killed in the Glenwood Springs fire were trying to protect a subdivision.
He still wanted to coach his Wolverines in the post-season, but Schembechler, then football coach and athletic director, said he wanted "a Michigan man" and promoted Frieder's top assistant, Fisher.
It is not unusual, Ms. Kolbert said, for cancer patients to have sperm preserved before chemotherapy and other radiation treatments.
Two Americans, Robert Smithson, the earthworks artist, and Tom Wesselman, the Pop artist, are featured in exhibitions at the Palais des Beaux-Arts (23 Rue Ravenstein; 507-8215).
DISTRICT 1 Battery Park, TriBeCa.
"They cut the road so we were forced to go through the fields and swamps."
And he felt like using his left hand, even though he's a righty.
Customers and employees dived for cover as bullets zipped through the store, witnesses said.
"A lot of things are being floated out there that may or may not be true," he said of the Mayor's failure to defend his Commissioner.
If you want to know why, here is a small example.
At Odds With Platform "The parties have to provide some leadership," said Patrick M. McSweeney, the chairman of the Virginia Republican Party, who is opposed to abortion.
The challenges obviously are and will continue to be great for the women.
Granted some woody plants did not make it and a brief check around does confirm that many gardeners lost azaleas as well as a few hollies and rhododendrons.
Pippen was mad at the fans for booing him.
And only last month, after the ruble collapsed, he called together an "investigative commission" that included not just economists but also the F.S.K.
American Standard, based in New York, had 1992 sales of $3.8 billion.
1 GOVERNOR CASEY'S COMEBACK Following his bout with liver disease, Gov.
Nor will a large bureaucracy be necessary to police our system.
Seminars and workshops: Tuesday, Thursday and next Friday at 9 A.M. PHYSIQUE PRELIMINARIES, Hotel Pennsylvania, Seventh Avenue and 33d Street, Manhattan.
"Not so long ago I was with a party of friends.
Mr. Levitt said he feared that many investors were like his mother, who did not realize that she was paying a markup.
Anthony Bonner and Hubert Davis both had turnovers against Chicago's press in the first half, letting the Bulls know they could use the press if they needed it later.
He taught me that there is always room for improvement, and that's how I feel now.
As surely as there are pitchers skilled in the use of hair oil or tobacco juice to alter a baseball's flight, there are dog handlers unwilling to be slaves to the rules.
Doctors Without Borders U.S.A., Inc., 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, N.Y. 10112; (212) 649-5961.
A quirk of casting weakened "Black & Blue .
The price of the note will still fall as interest rates rise, but the swap offsets this by paying a higher interest rate under those circumstances.
Now come the American forces, their would-be deliverers, and they see that their repressors not only continue to ride around with guns, but also are brazen enough to shoot pro-democracy demonstrators in front of American television crews.
An essay by Robert E. Spoo highlights the influence of William Carlos Williams of Rutherford -- that "stubborn stay-at-home" -- who "nursed a perfect hatred for what he saw as T. S. Eliot's defection."
There was no immediate indication that the players' proposition (they didn't call it a formal proposal) gets the game there from here, which is in the middle of a strike that seriously imperils the post-season for the first time since 1904.
Now, I've got to see if his figure works for us."
Equally misleading is the charge that the measure would halt all executions.
The bigger the network the easier it is to drive down costs and provide every health service that patients might need.
While reports from far away speak of trains growing ever more competitive with air travel, the tracks that bear Mr. Kouadio on the 704-mile route have grown rusted and bent, making what was once a zippy 24-hour trip an aggravating three-day journey.
The Wichita Wranglers have a message for Michael Jordan: If that Chicago White Sox thing doesn't work out, he's got a home with the minor league team here.
He said his new security guard did not wear a uniform and was not armed.
These were ingenious, compelling and sexy.
Ms. Margolies-Mezvinsky went to Ivy League universities (Penn and Columbia) while Mr. Fox went to Penn State and Widener University, a small local law school.
This documentary, too, finds little meeting ground between democrats and fundamentalists.
But Coach Buddy Ryan, who initiated the interest in Simms publicly last week, told The Associated Press last night: "We just couldn't afford him.
In a news release, IDB put the best possible spin on the resignation, minimizing the differences and quoting Jeffrey P. Sudikoff, IDB's chairman and chief executive, as saying he was "astonished" that Deloitte would quit "over what their letter confirms were accounting issues, limited to the first quarter, without as much as a phone call to me."
The kidnappers abducted Mr. Harp, who is chairman of Grupo Financiero Banacci, early March 14 as he left home for work.
"This is why I cannot make peace with the Muslims," he thundered.
Rush agreed that he probably wouldn't but added that he once got five of the six numbers and won nearly $1,000.
Department regulations, after all, required a sergeant at all three calls at that moment in the 83d Precinct.
"She started training harder than I have ever seen her.
But dollars have not been at the center of the contract dispute.
At the other end of the age spectrum, the Kids at Caramoor series comes back with storytelling and musical events at 11 A.M. and 1 P.M. on July 8 and 9, on July 15 and 16 and on July 22 and 23.
As investigators built their case, they said they discovered more than 50 Government files that had fragmentary information about Mr. Galletti.
As Robert C. Weaver Jr., Miss Harding's lawyer, brought her to a podium in a room crowded with reporters, he said neither he nor his client would take questions.
In addition, she organized retrospectives of Edvard Munch (1965), Ilya Bolotowsky (1974), Alberto Giacometti (1974) and Paul Klee (1977), as well as a show titled "Rousseau, Redon and Fantasy" (1968).
FOR Connie Lessoff, who is 61, and her son David, who is 35, this has been the best of years, one without the depressions that had tormented the young man for so much of his life.
WFUV offers programs from National Public Radio and Public Radio International, folk and regional music from around the world and ethnic programs for German, Indian, Irish, Italian, Polish and Ukrainian audiences.
"It does not affect this election specifically.
The Dow Jones utility average finished on Friday at 194.63, a drop of more than 20 percent over the last six months, and analysts aren't expecting any big turn.
Fullerton State sent 17 batters to the plate in the bottom of the first with Jeff Ferguson, Mark Kotsay and Hemphill each scoring twice.
You've Got Their Junk" (March 13) identifies "census records" as public records that are used by list compilers to target specific individuals for unsolicited offers of catalogues, subscriptions, donations and so forth.
# Indicates a change of 75 percent or more from the previous month.
And maybe more than that.
"My mother-in-law has a housekeeper, so our concern was not so much for her physical care, but it was our feeling that because she had very little mental stimulation the quality of her life was sadly diminished," Mrs. Doniger said.
"I didn't know what it would be.
Is there any way to get from London to Woburn Abbey by public transportation and, maybe, a cab for the final mile or so?
A man of few words, Mr. Chavis described himself as "homeless and hungry."
The Constitution, the Congressman's lawyers said, explicitly protects legislators from being prosecuted for acts involving those duties.
The emergence of gay restaurants is not limited to New York City, but has spread to other urban areas with large gay populations.
Bradley had been playing at 246 pounds, but has lost 10 to 12 pounds since he suffered a season-ending knee injury in February.
Mr. Green, who served as Consumer Affairs Commissioner under Mr. Dinkins, spent most of his career in consumer advocacy and as an author of books on government and policy.
In municipal bond market matters, the New York City Comptroller, Alan G. Hevesi, in testimony to the New York State Assembly Ways and Means Committee, announced that he would develop a plan to use the competitive bidding process in the sale of New York City bonds and increase the opportunity for underwriting firms owned by minorities or women.
The contract calls for the network to pay the Yankees $486 million over 12 years, not $550 million over 10 years.
The drug agency emphasized that women should not take tamoxifen as a preventive against breast cancer unless they were among the 11,000 enrolled in the country's one clinical trial on the subject, a cancer institute study at the University of Pittsburgh.
Mr. Reynolds, who is black, has called the investigation racially motivated.
It's not a mountain of cash, yet more than the N.H.L.
"Where did you keep it?"
The latest incident that raised the ire of the Eagles fans occurred against the Falcons on Sunday.
If you show them another way, they often will take it."
The police say the shells in the second attack were fired from a secluded spot in a patch of woods next to the A30 highway, which runs along the southern side of the airport.
We had too many turnovers, unforced turnovers at times, and you can't beat this team in their building like that."
As for the others, Ferrandino, who was at the game, said a videotape that captured at least part of the melee would be studied frame by frame in an effort to identify the troublemakers, who, he said, will be subject to "correct appropriate disciplinary actions."
b-After a charge of $ 29,200,000, or 35 cents a share, which represented cumulative effect of change in accounting for Employers' Accounting for Postemployment benefits.Year-ago 6 month's share earnings are after preferred dividend requirements of $ 5.9 million.Black & Decker said last year's second quarter net income included a 2 cents a share benefit related to the company's full year tax rate.
The Petrie Stores Corporation announced yesterday that it had agreed to negotiate an exclusive deal to be bought for $200 million to $250 million in cash by an investor group led by E. M. Warburg, Pincus & Company.
With Republicans hoping for a record turnover in the House of Representatives, anti-incumbent fever has given rise to a surprising number of close races across the region.
Firewalls are not widely used because the firewall barrier works both ways, limiting access to the outside world while blocking intruders from coming inside.
The Parliament may then call for the unilateral lifting of the arms embargo against the Bosnian Serbs, while blaming the pro-Western Foreign Minister, Andrei V. Kozyrev, "for all the foreign-policy failures," the paper went on.
Yes, I want him to be a champion.
"The explosion of Jan. 1 is provoking delayed effects in diverse elements of society," said the Governor of Chiapas, Javier Lopez Moreno.
Mr. Zyman insists the resemblance is "pure 100 percent coincidence."
According to the American Petroleum Institute, domestic crude oil production in May was more than 3 percent below levels a year ago, at 6.3 million barrels a day.
Mr. Giuliani does not usually take the train, now that he is the boss, but told reporters that he missed the old days of riding the subway to see the Yankees play ball.
Teammate Robert Johnson added 21 points and 8 rebounds.
'At the Big Table' "Everyone dreams of the oil well," said Gordon Davidson, the artistic director of the Mark Taper Forum in Los Angeles, "the benchmark being 'A Chorus Line,' " the show that generated millions of dollars for the New York Shakespeare Festival.
On the other hand, it would free a little cash to pay for a tax cut -- especially one designed to make maximum political waves with minimum immediate impact.
It might keep the parent from watching the child closely.
Instruction in English as a second language, and tips about living in New York.
Reserved parking spaces at indoor lots nearest the Capitol run more than $300 a month.
"It turns out Rolling Stone is what their parents read."
Phil Bengtson, who succeeded Vince Lombardi as head coach of the Packers after serving with great success as his defensive coordinator during Green Bay's dynasty years in the 1960's, died at his home on Sunday, after a long illness.
Harper came down without the ball, wrenched his left knee and was on crutches today, listed as doubtful for the 49er game.
Because although tree-allergy season is behind us and we are well into that of offending grasses, we have yet to get to weed season, which hits at the end of the summer, and is usually the most insufferable.
Because, while the Betzes did find time to play the slots, they were heading to the MGM Grand Hotel and its "Wizard of Oz" theme park, one of three newly opened mega-hotels that are bringing a family touch to the gambling Strip.
The measures are part of an effort to ease growing tensions between Bosnian Muslims and Croats six months after their forces stopped fighting over territory in central Bosnia.
But while her style and showmanship were widely imitated, she did not make her first recording until 1950.
b-Includes nonrecurring charges of $ 2.9 million for the restructuring of European operations and the write-down in the value of certain inventory assets, and after a gain of $ 505,000, or 6 cents a share, from an adjustment in accounting.c-Included an extraordinary loss of $ 357,000, or 5 cents a share, from early extinguishment of debt.
"Doctors' bills and attorney fees cannot be paid," Bennett said tearfully.
"If there is a window, both sides found a way to keep it open a few days more, and that's very important," said Lauren Rich, a union lawyer.
However, the agreement was contingent on the players' acceptance of a salary cap.
Some $135,000 worth of belts were recovered as a result of an undercover operation by the Port Authority police and investigators from the Queens District Attorney's office.
"The salary cap makes the rich get richer, the poor get poorer and takes out the middle class completely," Bryan Cox of the Miami Dolphins was quoted as saying recently.
Designs in color that take on new qualities when scrutinized at length.
The Vancouver Sun reported yesterday that forest industry officials said the talks were going well and a settlement could be reached this week.
A consensus of analysts had been projecting earnings of about 93 cents a share, so the charge would reduce earnings by 6 to 11 percent.
But he put the debate in his own terms by suggesting his actions were a fulfillment of his 1992 campaign pledge to cut the tax burden of the middle class and invest in education and training to prepare the nation for the 21st century -- ideas also long supported by the moderate Democrats who have recently accused him of forsaking them.
A Shot at Starting Despite these accomplishments, the Jets' move was not completely surprising.
The Keds Corporation of Cambridge, Mass., has selected Kirshenbaum & Bond of New York to handle its sneaker and casual footwear account, which had been at Leonard Monahan Lubars & Kelly of Providence, R.I., until that agency declined to participate in a review.
MANHATTAN BAILEY HOUSE All foods accepted.
She graduated from Colgate University.
By law each company is required to submit its own list of ingredients.
"For them to be putting a farmer in jail is absurd."
Judge Breyer also spoke at length about his views on government regulation, the subject for which he is best known.
"Because if you say, 'Talk to your kids,' they'll say, 'We don't know how.'
Ms. West is still learning her way about a stage.
"We are pleased that the Interior Department has been able to get at least one sugar company to agree to pay to clean up some of its pollution," said Tom Martin, director of the National Audubon Society's Everglades campaign.
The suggestion that the trial of the Libyan suspects be in the International Court of Justice in The Hague before Scottish judges, is one of a long string of Libyan attempts to create confusion and delay.
The new trustees will conduct the two regular board meetings every month, Mr. Cortines said.
Political analysts attribute the measure's popularity to a growing sense among California voters that their state is being overrun by illegal immigrants, mostly from Mexico, who are draining the state's treasury.
The company, Reliable Cleaning Services of Westchester County, recently won a bidding contest to perform all park maintenance in Glendale and Middle Village.
Our personal favorite in the new move toward big is the mallet putter that Nick Price, the No.
Then there was bracing, ironic music like Wen Loong-hsing's "Phenomena III," in which a bright percussionist named Huang Hsin-hui busily banged away at a United Nations of percussion instruments.
When it started, the club created quite a stir at this Manhattan public school with a reputation for being liberal.
On Thursday and Friday, when he is to travel to Kansas, Missouri and Minnesota, his focus is expected to turn to the virtues of his proposal for small businesses.
On the four-door model, the spare tire rides under the cargo floor rather than on the hatch, and that gets the tire out of the driver's line of sight.
But the officials said Mr. Jaffe's replacement would be based in Los Angeles, instead of New York, where Mr. Jaffe works.
The Days Written, produced and directed by Wang Xiaoshuai, in Mandarin with English subtitles; director of photography, Liu Jie and Wu Di; edited by Qingqing; music by Liang He ping; production company, Shu Kei's Creative Workshop Ltd. Running time: 80 minutes.
Detroit runs two systems that are, though.
Leon Golub, the artist, will speak with Robert C. Morgan, a historian and writer.
But because cellular carriers already have billions of dollars invested in their existing networks, the conversion process is gradual and will not be widespread for several years.
Finally, Gore picked up the book, but even then did so in a lifeless way that deflated the poignant drama of the moment.
Also at 3 in Hartford, a trio formed by adding the flutist Eugenia Zukerman to the Clark-Schuldmann Duo, yields a Chamber Music Plus concert in the Bushnell Seaverns Room with works of Haydn, Weber and Robert Starer (232-0085).
A spokesman for the Corrections Department, Alan Ables, said back-to-back executions had been scheduled because the men had been nearing the end of their appeals about the same time.
And, yes, people die, but it's not always misdiagnosis.
"Now the numbers of Mexicans have gotten big and the paybacks are coming in."
Bowing to pressure from a tradition-bound Masters golf tournament and the Augusta National Golf Club, CBS agreed yesterday to remove the announcer Gary McCord from next year's broadcast team because of his irreverent commentary.
While not offering the opportunity for showmanship that a cook can achieve outdoors, the grills have two of the more important advantages of backyard cooking.
We attempted to contact the Apartment Company for three hours to no avail.
The purchase of 250 to 300 cars -- the first in more than a decade -- is to be the beginning of what the agency hopes is an infusion of a few hundred cars each year until most of the fleet of 5,806 cars is replaced.
"This one program affects two generations because the kids are proud that their mothers are studying and going to work," said the Social Services Commissioner, Mary E. Glass.
So, he said, he quit.
Now a co-op shareholder is sprucing up the 100-foot-long space into what will surely be one of the show apartments of New York.
Gotham Capital and Cerberus Partners offered the money in return for $115 million in new 12 percent preferred shares and $100 million in senior debt of New Valley, said John Walters, a New Valley spokesman.
"In the past when we've charged admission, we've always donated it to a charity."
It's become a form of asbestos.
Mr. Vogel, they said, did not have the power to decide who could leave East Germany and who had to stay, as the prosecutors charged, and could not be accused of blackmailing people who came to him asking him to see if gifts of money or property to the state could get them out.
Jet Vacations, 1775 Broadway, suite 2405, New York 10019, (212) 474-8740, can arrange for an inexpensive car in conjunction with an Air France flight; a ticket stub must be presented.
Forget used an ace and a service winner to take a 6-5 lead, and then blasted a forehand winner into the corner to extend the contest to four sets.
Perhaps people are right when they say there are only about 20,000 hockey fans in the area and they all go to all the games -- yuk-yuk-yuk.
But the sentiment exists, and if it does not yet suggest any fundamental change in position, it reflects the bleakness of the negotiating situation for the near future.
Additional increases for new cars have been announced and will show up in later Consumer Price Index data.
Kent sat out the first two games of this homestand with foot problems.
"To identify each other as a drinker of martinis is flattering.
He moved closer to his goal this week, and if he succeeds he will have gained an assured parliamentary majority for the first time in many months.
Mr. Nixon's body is to arrive on Tuesday at El Toro Marine Corps Air Station from Stewart Air National Guard Base in Newburgh, N.Y., aboard the same plane on which he flew to California after he resigned from office nearly two decades ago.
So we have to reach the children, Ms. Gorelick said: The criminal sanction must be meaningful, but it cannot do it all.
The Puchall family bought it in the 60's.
It is time for both sides to agree to continue.
Most people regarded the Socialists as unsuited to govern but a useful check against the Liberal Democrats.
Radio-Free Areas Other additions aimed at keeping the peace at beaches this summer are radio-free zones on state beaches on Long Island.
They seem to be telling women to pick a time they wished they had lived in -- or wish to relive.
But, they said, their concerns were largely ignored when they reported the incidents to their superiors.
237 has three teachers in its English-as-a-second-language (ESL) program.
In the following reports, the "listed at" price is the asking price when negotiations began that ended in the sale.
He will also do some collegiate scouting.
But Dallas does not expect its direct spending from the World Cup to reach much more than $125 million in direct spending.
He added, "Until now the process has tended to use a largely male-dominated definition, of somebody politically active, involved in demonstrations and the like."
"When the show's over he goes out in the audience and licks everybody," Mr. Harrington said.
But only you would have the key to decoding it.
There are four channels in Manhattan -- 16, 17, 34 and 69.
What was going on at this television hospital?
But aides to Mr. Abrams, who left office last month, say that in contrast with some previous environmental problems, they decided to publicize the findings before the extent of the danger is known.
Inflation and the costs of contracts with theatrical unions are frequently given as prime reasons for the escalation of production costs.
With eight minutes left in its game, North Carolina went to a 3-2 matchup zone.
Mr. Quist saw to it that at the funeral, the dead fetus was put in an open casket with his wife.
One man who is not sure it is a good idea is Heath B. McLendon of Smith Barney, who ran the fund for its entire life.
And it's beginning to look as if nothing short of a miracle will enable the game to avoid another work stoppage.
The Greeks are upset over Macedonia's name, which they consider the exclusive property of their northernmost region, over its constitution, which promises protection for Macedonians outside its borders, and over its flag, which contains the Hellenistic 16-pointed star.
The boy was uninjured, the police said.
Even now, there are chilly autumn nights when only an act of dietary wantonness will suffice, when a duck dinner serves to coat the nerves and grease the spirits.
Some who have observed the facilities division and fought for its reform said that the Chancellor's proposed actions are steps in the right direction, but hardly a solution to a more entrenched problem.
"I am basically a religious person, not a fanatic or a new-born or any of that foolishness.
He joined the Marines after high school, serving three years.
They are not the owners.
"Somewhere you have to draw the line at what's for sale," Ms. Webb says.
The 25 to 30 percent decline in housing prices since 1989 appears to have bottomed out and houses in all eight counties are selling in an uneven pattern.
In June, Mr. Leach, who is president and founder of the Waterloo Festival, brought up the analogy again: "There's no reason we can't become the Tanglewood of this area."
PETE CARROLL doesn't remember the exact moment somebody handed him a 1994 National Football League schedule with the notation: Sept. 4, Jets at Buffalo.
Mr. North's biggest challenge is still to get that message across -- to win over the people who do not believe that someone convicted of three felony counts -- obstruction of Congress, destroying documents and accepting an illegal gift -- should sit in the Senate, even though the convictions were thrown out on appeal.
How long has it been, I asked.
But we can make it a better place for everyone again, I truly believe that.
"They said, 'I am looking for a certain type of lady,' and he matched them.
Address questions to Garden Q.& A., The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York 10036.
Ivanisevic, who set a record here in 1992 when he fired 206 aces, served in so masterly a way this afternoon that Becker, the player who defeated him in the 1990 semifinal, managed to earn just a single break point and left it unconverted.
"If you need a locksmith and it's 3 A.M. and you live in East New York, there aren't a lot of shops that are going to send someone to you," he added.
But it also means that north of New York City, from the city to Albany 150 miles north, the people are for the most part cut off from their river.
WFAN-AM (660) will broadcast Harding's routine at about 1:40 P.M. and Kerrigan's at about 4 P.M., with commentary by Paul Wylie, the 1992 Olympic silver medalist, and Mark Champion, a Detroit sports broadcaster.
According to the National Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty, Texas executes more of its Death Row prisoners than any other state.
Who will handle millions of refugees pouring into Seoul, an island of wealth 30 miles from the DMZ?
At a time when industrial icons like I.B.M.
Hemant K. Shah, an independent analyst in Warren, N.J., noted that all anti-ulcer drugs could face stiff price competition later this year when the patent expires on Tagamet, a SmithKline Beecham ulcer treatment.
customer, they announce in a revealingly caste-obsessed preface that their book is "only about 30 pages long" if read "at the simplest level," since there are italicized Cliffs Notes throughout.
The stock trades in Toronto at $12.75 Canadian a share, or about $9.70 American, 35 percent less than when the company last sold equity to the public in December 1992.
Many analysts believe May would be interested in Macy's stores in the Southeast, which Dillard Department Stores Inc. also wants.
There were misfires to his receivers on a number of short routes, and Cunningham's inability to direct the Eagles into the end zone twice inside the 3-yard line.
He is a director of capital markets at the Trammel Crow Company in Dallas.
The state regulators, who do not have standing to make a motion in the case, were said to be exploring alternatives that would allow a party in the case to move for the delay.
A trip into outer space turns into a lesson on the solar system, which unlike the local planetarium is open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Storms and high waves caused the number of fleeing Cubans to drop sharply over the weekend, but improved weather brought a new surge Monday and today, a development that disappointed officials who had hoped the flow had dried up.
Whipping the Bills and toppling the Broncos in overtime suddenly feels like a long time ago.
The new commercial agreement lets Poland buy back its principal debt at the rate of 41 cents to a dollar and the revolving credit at 38 cents to a dollar.
Officials of the radio say the Board for International Broadcasting, the quasi-governmental entity that runs both stations, has been interested in the idea of moving to Prague but reluctant to commit itself.
THE perpetually hard-working citizens of New Jersey are overstressed.
The spaghetti-like DNA is wrapped around a tiny gold pellet and the pellet is shot into the cells.
Under a bright half moon, Mr. Clinton stood at attention at Mr. Sadat's grave, framed by an honor guard of Egyptian soldiers.
"So I studied and studied and studied," he said.
They gnash their teeth so much that they actually hurt.
Such changes have prompted criticisms that the Kitchen is becoming more conservative, but representatives of the organization believe that it can broaden its base without losing its edge.
Cut zinnias to encourage more flowers.
It's got to mean something to the person who lives on Fayette Street, mean something for their lives."
President Reagan was aware of and even encouraged some aspects of external funding for the contras, such as solicitation of aid from third countries and contributions from private benefactors.
But it said a confrontation on Nov. 18 in which Palestinian police killed and wounded numerous demonstrators "may augur a more determined effort by the P.L.O.
How, he asked, would Senator North ascertain the truth?
Ahdi Nashashibi, the owner, said Asian dishes account for about 20 percent of his sales.
Of the six urban ones, it is a safe bet that one will be in South-Central Los Angeles.
A "quantized" theory of gravity would allow theorists to fit gravity into its proper place in the natural order of things.
I wondered what a closer study of their lives and work would reveal about their country and its transformations.
Lucille Gonzalez remembers when that store opened.
Schools and colleges that buy a Force or buy a drivetrain, intending to convert a car on their own, get an engine free, for teaching purposes.
Now they have watched with consternation as four Congressional committees have passed varying health bills in recent weeks, each with a requirement for abortion coverage.
He had lunch last month with Senators Lauch Faircloth and Jesse Helms, both North Carolina Republicans, who are critics of Robert B. Fiske Jr., the prosecutor Mr. Starr replaced, while the panel was considering whether to keep Mr. Fiske.
ART'S SAKE: Look soon for a new Maya Lin sculpture in the ceiling of the Long Island Rail Road main concourse at Penn Station.
Their game against the Miami Dolphins was the biggest of the season.
I know that when guys aren't scoring, other guys need to raise the intensity."
Like Mr. Green, William Walsh, president of Nori, Hennion, Walsh Inc., a brokerage firm in Parsippany, N.J., argues that small investors, apparently unable to pat their heads and rub their bellies at the same time, will become confused by all that extra information.
We don't know what works, and neither does the audience.
"We were a little too eager to get to their goal, and we kept turning the ball over."
Far From Provincial None of which would mean much if the performances were hopelessly provincial.
In 1961, he was named president of Benton & Bowles and then, four years later, was appointed its chief executive.
b-After a gain of $ 377,000 from the cumulative effect of change in accounting for income taxes.Revenue is total revenues.
But there is an effort to improve things that readers should know about.
"Frankly, I'm drowning in it," said Tom Leykis, a talk-radio host on Los Angeles station KMPC-AM.
About 40 percent of the solid waste that goes into landfills is paper.
Here, the lawmakers with the greatest influence over energy policy say they can be of help.
We're all stuck up there together -- the team that can't win a Super Bowl.
Responding to complaints by Democrats on the Senate Banking Committee that the rate increases so far would put a drag on economic growth, Mr. Greenspan said today that it would take a year or so for the higher rates to have their full effect.
A Departure at Philip Morris Michael A.
Staking its claim as the team to beat in the Eastern Conference, the Magic rolled to its franchise-record ninth consecutive victory, 125-100, at Orlando Arena.
Dec. Tuesday Construction Spending .
She was known to the people there as Ann Woll and quickly became known for her frequent and persistent calls, asking where her meals were.
A $125-a-plate dinner-dance at the Central Railroad Terminal at Liberty State Park was planned for more than 400 former and present parishioners and graduates of the elementary school, which opened in 1909.
They remain hopeful that at some point, if he has not already, the bomber will brag of his deeds to someone who will turn him in.
In letters dated Sept. 20 and Oct. 18, officials of New Jersey Transit say that the remarks of Elizabeth Schneider, their director of medical services, were misinterpreted.
The move means either the Yankees will have to release a player or make a trade for a closer.
In eight second-quarter minutes of play, Morris had 14 points on 5-for-6 shooting, including three 3-pointers.
His father, whom his mother never married, has played no part in Mr. Fiori's life.
The initial optimism in Britain and Ireland that the declaration would lead to quick progress has died out as the I.R.A.
The House Education and Labor Committee, with a steadfastly liberal majority, seems certain to adopt a sweeping bill.
We are witnessing the same thing in the United States as the gap between rich and poor widens.
When he reaches 6, he will move to a temple in India for 12 years, where he'll study philosophy, foreign languages, astrology and medicine.
But for armchair travelers looking for intellectual adventure, "Back to the Front" may be just the ticket.
"We'd be playing in San Francisco, and they'd promise us a night in Chinatown, and we'd end up with hamburgers again," he said.
through contaminated syringes to 90 children in two Russian hospitals.
"White Plains has always been a consistently strong downtown market," he said.
We'll back you up as much as we can."
About that time Mrs. Lessoff's mother-in-law, David's grandmother, committed suicide, and though she had earlier undergone several depressive periods, none of the doctors then examining David suggested he might have had a genetic condition.
Tomjanovich always sits in a certain seat on the team bus, and always is the last one to exit.
"These Government surveillance plans focus on limiting public privacy at a time when everyone is calling for more privacy," said Marc Rotenberg, Washington director of Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility, a public interest group that organized the letter that will be sent to President Clinton today.
But as the Smoke-Free Air Act plods toward enactment -- presumably by the end of the year -- the controversy surrounding it gets more contentious by the minute.
Barely six months after a judge allowed a Florida teen-ager to remain with the man who had reared her after she had been switched at birth, the girl has suddenly moved in with her biological parents, with whom she had severed all ties.
Prilosec, the ulcer treatment, faces an important hurdle on Dec. 2, when Astra Merck will seek to persuade a Food and Drug Administration advisory panel to recommend removal of a cancer warning and a limitation on long-term use for Prilosec, which the company hopes to prove are no longer justified.
And no one apparently wants to hire people who can only manage people these days.
The first deliveries are expected in 1998, the company said.
The survey found that more than 90 percent of the companies refused to rent to young drivers.
As I got closer still, between 50 and 60 anglers were now visible, covering the 100-yard jetty.
(The metropolitan area I explored was San Francisco's.)
or its staff that any violations of law have occurred," the filing said.
The Beatlefan report quotes Mr. Starr as saying that the sessions were supposed to have lasted a week, but that they have gone on for nearly a month.
Recommended dishes: Calamari Antonio, grilled portobello Lucia, insalata siracusana, fettuccine da Francesca, manicotti Rose, capellini milano, gnocchi pomodoro, chicken aioli, veal saltimbocca, veal birds Gaetano, tiramaria, creme brulee.
TRENTON: Trenton Thunder vs. Binghamton Mets.
She did tell the officers that her husband also worked as a superintendent for several nearby apartment buildings, including one at 243 West 135th Street.
"He's decided not to risk further injury and he's sitting on the sidelines waiting for us to get the deal done," the agent said.
If the two Governments do not reach an agreement by March 17, the United States could extend the two carriers' code-sharing agreement for short periods of time until an accord is reach.
The order came just hours after New York State banking regulators gave the stock offering their final approval, brushing aside a request by the Republic New York Corporation to make a last-minute takeover bid for Green Point, which is based in Queens.
Agreements with King Hussein will hardly satisfy the political aspirations of those Palestinians.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Nevertheless, there is always something undeniably Florentine in all his cooking, a subtle balance and fastidiousness that lurks just beneath the surface elevating each dish to something unforgettable and haunting, something very close to art.
A detailed analysis of Swarthmore's expenditures and income suggests that this college, like other elite colleges and universities, is treading a dangerously fine line between spending enough to keep itself competitive and spending so much that it may price itself out of the market for highly qualified students.
Its Dec. 2 concert at the 11,500-seat Nassau Coliseum in Uniondale, N.Y., sold out in less than 20 minutes.
Prices of Treasury securities sagged yesterday, after the market was again reminded that although inflation may be out of sight, it is not out of mind.
"By doing what he did, Murtha wanted to say, 'There's not enough money in the budget, so I'll hit at a group that will scream loudly and get the attention of Congress, the Defense Department and the White House,' " another senior Pentagon official said.
He also said that precinct supervisors would protect officers from corruption investigations by warning them of pending Internal Affairs operations.
Will this lead to more colorful changes?
We have to remember that volunteer firefighters, policemen, young couples and teachers are not the only ones in need of affordable housing here.
Sea Spirit Cruise Lines, 2800 University Avenue S.E., Minneapolis, Minn. 55414; (612) 379-4697 or (800) 328-7787.
There are all sorts of unpublished scores that can be performed or recorded only with the permission of Gian Carlo Menotti, Barber's literary executor.
After reviewing ESPN replays, the conference said today that "game officials were not in position to see Mike Mitchell's fumble between the 2- and 1-yard lines."
Listless as it is, "The Mask" succeeds in illustrating two of the more troubling cinematic trends of the moment.
His rehabilitation began with the Karen Straw case, which attracted much notice at a time when domestic violence was gaining more attention as a national issue.
"We got a little angry."
SEPT. 4 -- During Fox's first 4 P.M. football game of the season, the final moments of the Cowboys-49ers game are interrupted by the opening scenes of "Martin."
We show signs of being O.K., but not enough signs."
Time, Newsweek, the newspapers: Everybody is asking, "What does the public want?"
Mr. Hashimoto will be in Washington on Wednesday to meet with the United States trade representative, Mickey Kantor, and Secretary of Commerce Ronald H. Brown, in an effort to get trade talks back on track.
John Schuerholz, the architect of the team many people consider baseball's best, said that Ted Turner, the owner, never has attended a personnel meeting.
Rei Kawakubo of Comme des Garcons has moved from the loose, formless shapes that characterize the Tokyo School to tautly draped styles that show the body.
For the Giants, Brown is a great bargain.
Be warned: many are not great art.
What has emerged since then is a partial portrait of the family, full of fracture lines and old wounds -- as any family is -- but also moving in eccentric and reclusive circles far from the traditional suburban pursuits.
On the advice of her outside counsel, Ms. Imbrie did not destroy her copy.
I'm not thinking about the consequences, good or bad.
"It's insanity, it doesn't make sense and the average guy in this country is not going to buy into it anymore."
On a bumpy ride to the Taj Mahal casino, Patrick Hamill cheerfully informed a customer that Atlantic City street signs are color-coordinated with the Monopoly board, and pointed out the exact spot on the Steel Pier where Donald Trump's helicopter lands.
Despite blowing a 2-0 lead, the Penguins remained unbeaten in overtime at 4-0-10.
To the Editor: The "friendly fire" that planted at least four bullets in an undercover transit officer, Desmond Robinson -- some reportedly fired point-blank into his back as he lay face down -- is very disturbing, sad and cause to be even more worried about racism in New York City.
The Governor has this kind of poetic license, and that's the big difference."
As the astrologer at the Canyon Ranch Health and Fitness Resort in Tucson, Ariz., she refuses to comment when asked to confirm reports that she saw Julia Roberts just before she broke her engagement to Kiefer Sutherland.
A couple of years ago we were sitting in airtight rooms listening to missiles coming in from Iraq.
And there is also the director, Brian De Palma, "delivering a droll portrait of the disco years as seen through a bemused, jaundiced eye" (Janet Maslin).
The demand for uniformity has created an industry that is heavy on chemicals, wastes half of every potato it processes and pollutes underground water supplies, according to the Columbia Basin Institute, a research group in Portland, Ore. Its study was financed in part by grants from the Ford Foundation, the Aspen Institute and the Bullitt Foundation of Seattle, which is concerned with environmental issues in the Northwest.
Shell the eggs, and cut them in half lengthwise.
Rabbi Gerald I. Weider is to officiate at the Puck Building in New York.
Most of all, though, he faces anxious voters who must be persuaded that this is the time for change.
For the last 60 years they've controlled the Senate for all but 12 years.
Mr. Nazario said he is trying to help inner-city youths think of college and good jobs, rather than drug dealing and hanging out.
"The rebbe always had new ideas, and we kind of got used to that," said Rabbi Manis Friedman, a Lubavitch emissary in Minnesota.
The original mosaic and tile bands and station plaques on the upper part of the wall are to be cleaned and restored.
This is a serious book.
Museums often ask individuals to purchase and donate works of art, but museum development officials said it is uncommon for an institution to allow people to sponsor works already in a collection.
BOBBY BROWN, on the other hand, was unable to leave office with a seven-game winning streak.
The reallocation of funds represents the fulfillment of a philosophy in mental health care that began in the 1970's with a widespread movement known as deinstitutionalization.
After a few songs, a 24-member string orchestra joined the band, backup singers and horn section.
Low Pay, but More Jobs The report, which is based on a two-year study, noted that the crisis was most severe in the 12 nations of the European Union, where unemployment now averages 11.7 percent, in part because of the high cost of creating jobs.
Hills, the trade representative under President George Bush; Brent Scowcroft, the national security adviser under Mr. Bush and President Reagan, and even veterans like Herbert Stein, the chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers under President Nixon.
"But those people always seemed to like musicians, and I did my job and kept my mouth shut."
The dress coat worn by DeWitt Clinton, a three-time mayor, at the opening of the Erie Canal is on display, as is the oxblood silk smoking jacket of Fiorello LaGuardia.
He was a missionary, determined to bring his art to the masses.
"Those last 100 meters were not easy," Daehlie said.
Admission: $4; $2.50 for students and the elderly; $1 for those under 12.
Being Moynihan, of course, he doesn't talk much about it.
Pam Duckworth, the coordinating producer and host camp coach, interrupted with reminders.
And despite Moscow's efforts to jam news satellite transmissions from the region, the fact that bombs are dropping nearly every 20 minutes on Grozny is now clear to the Russian public.
Three times we agree to meet at the school, but she never shows; later we agree to meet at a cafe near her apartment and I wait for two hours; twice we agree to meet at the corner of the housing project where she lives, but even when our talk is scheduled just a few hours after a phone conversation, Denise forgets.
First Interstate Bancorp said William E. B. Siart, its president, would succeed Edward M. Carson as chief executive.
Like the old men of the Grand Army of the Republic, veterans of Bull Run and Vicksburg and Antietam who lived through the direst days of their century, the survivors of the first momentous hours on the Calvados coast half a century ago have become icons for today, the symbols of courage and conviction that democracies crave.
This is tepid stuff compared with the big-buck entertainments once more being made of distorted histories of the Indian wars.
Less than a day after surging to an election victory, the right-wing alliance led by the media magnate Silvio Berlusconi became enmeshed in a power struggle today that threatened its ability to form a strong government.
Major Vows to Stay On If the Tories lose that contest, as some polls suggest, their majority in the House of Commons could be reduced to as few as 13 among 651 seats, compared with the 21 Mr. Major started his term with in 1992.
Kidder's mortgage business broke even in April but lost money in May, said a company official, who spoke on condition that he not be identified.
But one family that was referred to him disagrees.
This is the very condition Mr. Handke will atomize so thoroughly in "Essay on the Successful Day," a meditation that nearly loses us a dozen times before delivering the obvious yet elusive realization that happiness comes only when one can sink below the threshold of mind and participate fully in the unfolding processes of life.
But by saving $700 monthly, the pot would grow to $291,000.
He said the corpses were everywhere -- "in the houses, in the streets, everywhere."
The massacre of the Muslim worshipers in Hebron sent shock waves through the Middle East and beyond, raising fears for the Israeli-Palestinian peace accord and prompting President Clinton to summon both sides to Washington for nonstop negotiations aimed at keeping the peace effort alive.
Stanley retained the appearance of a formal portrait.
If two recent meals are typical, Mr. Bua (pronounced bwa) is telling the truth when he says, "I'm serving the same food I did at Da Vinci's at half the price."
In this "secret" guest room, a large square window filled with Plexiglas overlooks the kitchen below.
They thought it was time for us to really make a change."
Many Western experts see a denuclearized and economically assisted Ukraine as essential.
In Richmond Hill, one of the few neighborhoods in the city where Mr. Cuomo lost in 1982, Mr. Pataki has built a miniature power base among people who have never seen him and have little idea who he is.
Some are military retirees who have settled there.
The letter said: "We chefs from across the country believe that good food, pure and wholesome, should be not just a privilege for the few, but a right for everyone.
"Because I know enough to know that he's a hell of a lot better than Cuomo," he said.
Scenes still shift abruptly; people come and go, and are born and die, without warning; time passes without marking.
Many skinheads, especially in New York City, are of Asian or African-American descent.
Just two months ago the Clinton Administration thought it had found a way to quiet nightmares about a repeat of the 1986 catastrophe.
But they nonetheless pressed for a sustained or, in some areas, increased pace of reform.
To him, it has become a tale about the ways in which Washington, and particularly the press and the bureaucracy, can delay and damage grand visions.
And if the space is not perfect, drugstores can make do.
Daluiso, taking over after David Treadwell missed a 37-yard field-goal attempt in the first quarter after two misses in the previous game, made it 10-6 with a 25-yarder in the third quarter and 13-6 with a 30-yard kick in the fourth quarter.
"Sometimes they wear disguises, dark clothes or hoods.
A graduate of Barnard College, she is a jazz and cabaret singer in Madrid.
The New York State Department of Health is considering whether to regulate these partnerships out of concern that the smaller hospitals will become mere referral banks for Manhattan's giants, giving little to the communities in return.
But he said the family had not yet decided what other treatment would be tried.
But despite recent artsy additions to the business district, like Bruised Apple Books, there's a way to go before downtown Peekskill becomes a tourist mecca.
"In the trenches, I haven't seen that it is that different from Liz Holtzman's tenure."
Mediation sponsored by the United States and Arab countries failed.
The film was finished in 1992 and won five awards on the film-festival circuit, but it took Ms. Liebling until last fall to find a distributor: Tara Releasing in San Rafael, Calif.
"In 1989, I said the number of intellectuals in China who really understand democracy does not exceed 100," Professor Xu said.
"Origins of Impressionism" simplifies a complex story in return for a cleaner, more glamorous presentation; whatever its intellectual aspirations, it is above all a canny crowd pleaser.
Gibby Gilbert was a stroke back.
More than a long-postponed handclasp, the encounter will underscore just how much is afoot in the Middle East.
Enraged, Mr. Caldera temporarily recalled his ambassadors from the Caribbean.
But it has been a worrisome year in terms of health care coverage.
In June, the civil rights office of the United States Department of Education began a review of the district's compliance with Federal civil rights laws.
Israeli officials said that whatever their doubts about Mr. Arafat personally, the talks will go on.
"Clear and Present Danger" carries a PG-13 and stars Harrison Ford, who helped sell mountains of cassettes as Indiana Jones.
"I want to be a doctor," Cooper said.
The rates could be read as a sign there is something wrong with the institution of marriage, especially its patriarchal and religious underpinnings.
We have not lived through so many divisions as Poland.
"God, that would be so nice!"
(The right diagnosis is made by a an insightful $25,000-a-year counselor.)
Permutation and pattern lie at the base of Lucinda Childs's ingenious choreography.
Furor From Small Businesses In a speech at the annual meeting of the Health Insurance Association of America, Dr. Todd said today that people working for companies with fewer than 100 employees should be subject to "an individual mandate" requiring them to buy their own health insurance.
"Except you'll probably still be dropping out of the work force," she said, referring to the greater responsibility of women for child-rearing and the greater likelihood they will give up their jobs when conflicts occur.
Voice: Because we should be going out with people who are going through the same things we're going through.
To the Editor: The article on Japan Airlines by Susan Fishman Orlins (Viewpoints, July 3) was interesting.
Some, like tailback Lorenzo White and linebacker Al Smith of the Houston Oilers, may move because they are getting less playing time.
Other participants gave this account of the meeting: Mr. Gibbons, who is 74 years old and who as a paratrooper jumped behind the German lines on D-Day, began the meeting by musing briefly about what a moving experience the Normandy ceremonies had been.
One Larry Shannon is listed in three family pedigrees from 1500 to 1850.
The water isn't really that bad.
In one, students at the school of the Bolshoi Ballet line up at the barre, bathed in the soft light from a bank of windows beside them; in the other, Boris Pasternak, neatly dressed in a dark overcoat and a cloth cap, sits on a bench in the middle of a leaf-strewn landscape.
For almost a decade, law-enforcement officials have tried to dent the drug trade by going after the vials.
Two specials at the other end of the lightness scale also had an appreciative audience.
She hurtled off the course, slammed her head against a timing post, lost her helmet and tumbled over several times before sliding limply to a stop in the middle of the run.
The disclosure of the surprise defense strategy came on the opening day of testimony in Michigan's first assisted-suicide trial.
Rubinstein's "Ocean" Symphony is interesting as an early landmark of Russian symphonic style, but its melodically sumptuous opening movements are let down by a bland Scherzo and Finale.
The droplets can grow into drops by several processes.
However, a common early sign of infection is a large, circular rash.
Campagna, known for building huge apartment houses on Fifth and Park Avenues and Riverside Drive, lived in the house until 1941, according to the commission's designation report.
We're not out of the sensationalism woods yet.
It is a particularly difficult two-step because support for the pact will place Mr. Dole and President Clinton on the same side of the free trade issue -- just as the President is trying to get maximum political mileage out of his arguments that Asia and Latin America will be the source of millions of new jobs for Americans.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide, armed men in civilian clothes were stopping all vehicles and gruffly demanding to know why their drivers were out on the streets.
Among other achievements there, she recruited a member of the Communist Party -- not an easy feat, according to three of her C.I.A.
In addition to studying the economics of keeping the plant open, the legislative inquiry is focusing on safety issues at the plant and management practices, which the Nuclear Regulatory Commission called deficient.
An elaborate satellite system created to help fight a long nuclear war with the Soviet Union is being prepared for launching next month, even as questions mount in Congress about its cost and need, given the diminished prospects for such a conflict.
Wesley was credited with Boston's second goal, at 1:39 of the third period.
8, the first movement, "The Passion," uses rising and falling scales, crossing and overlapping, making their way amid a gargantuan buzz.
In many cases, the material has found its way into the collectors' hands.
Do not ask him about himself for too long.
Weighing a horse the size of Mike, a Belgian who arrived at the Red Barn boarding and training stables in December, takes some doing.
The Government of Singapore has reduced the American teen-ager Michael Fay's sentence for vandalism -- from six strokes with a rattan cane to four.
Together we can help every American fulfill their unalienable right to pursue happiness and to seek the American dream.
Mr. Gunther has done his.
And at a later point, he tells him: "The worst has happened.
JERRY: The fact we were both fat, unathletic and outside the social mainstream.
If that seemed like a belated response to the opposition's major themes in the campaign, Mr. Clinton clearly picked it up.
Personal issues enter in as well.
He credited the Long Island Partnership, the Long Island Association and the Long Island Lighting Company for combining advertising dollars and promoting the Island.
Suddenly, he was struck by a thought that made him shudder.
Although inclusion may have its faults, we owe it to ourselves to make inclusion work because it benefits us all.
As with many prolific songwriters, Mr. Wynn, who used to lead the Los Angeles guitar bashers called the Dream Syndicate in the 1980's, often looked to the rock-and-roll canon for help.
(Executive town houses, with five bedrooms and saunas, go for $7,000, but even at those rents, the community is fully occupied.)
Some Federal prosecutors have concluded that the Secretary's acceptance of gifts, although explicitly barred by an 87-year-old Federal statute, are probably not worth prosecuting.
You remember "the happy Warrior of the political battlefield," the sobriquet F.D.R.
Everyone wanted me on his team."
The animal population has not changed.
WITH: Roy Faudree, Cynthia Hedstrom, Jack Frank, Christopher Kondek, Karen Lashinsky, Beatrice Roth, Scott Renderer, Dave Shelley, Peyton Smith, Kate Valk and Jeff Webster.
The President is having troubles, again, and the First Lady is not just a supportive spouse, standing by her man with a glazed smile.
It was there, in 1985, that she read the galleys of "Forrest Gump."
MOVING is nothing new at Westminster Choir College.
(Loss)Results are in Canadian dollars.
B9 Obituaries B6-7 S. O. Adebo, pioneer of the Nigerian civil service and U.N. envoy.
Add onion and cook until edges begin to brown, about 1 minute.
"This is a good environment for an active fund manager," Mr. Baldwin said.
Paperback rights have been sold and a movie is in the works.
They had been in the lobby only about an hour and a half.
Miss Birch makes a natural and sprightly preadolescent heroine.
But to opponents, who vary from parents in upper-class suburbs like Greenwich to religious fundamentalists, outcome-based education has grown to symbolize everything they fear from public schooling, from mediocrity to mind control and meddling in family values.
Because of their record and the way the tie breakers fell, the Bears cannot play host to a playoff game.
" Texas state archivists recommend that itemized telephone logs be kept for at least three years.
That enabled the company to enjoy a $200 million tax deduction -- equal to the executives' profits -- much sooner.
Italy stopped the Netherlands, 15-10, 11-15, 15-11, 15-1, and the United States got past Cuba, 15-6, 14-16, 15-8, 15-9.
On Saturdays the area becomes an open-air market where merchants from much of sub-Saharan Africa sell everything from counterfeit Levis to Coptic icons.
Officials in the city Department of Correction said yesterday that a recent surge in the jail population has led to the department spending a fifth of its total overtime budget in the first seven weeks of the fiscal year.
"Just for the proof," he said.
But with new casinos adding 15,000 jobs in the last year alone, civic boosters say there is little that local government can do to slow the momemtum of growth.
SOME young children who fail to grow properly may be suffering from overconsumption of fruit juice, which takes the place of more nourishing foods, a study of eight very young Brooklyn children suggests.
And the judge's decision is subject to review.
Is it an addiction issue?
In any case, Mr. Nash said, the dispute over the contingency fee is beside the point: that the other states are entitled to millions that New York continues to withhold.
Knives cut into the victim's flesh as the chair is rotated.
"What concerns me most is that this promotion or stimulation of a feeling of alienation, separatism and hostility, would put down legitimate ambitions of American citizens that the civil rights movement made realizable."
Maintaining the spirit of youth, Mr. Aibel has programmed Britten's "Young Person's Guide to the Orchestra" and "Les Preludes" by Liszt.
Officials said that would take several weeks.
"Moreover," he added, "they asked me in unmistakable language not to appear today either."
"Fearful Symmetries," driven by John Adams's relentless neo-Minimalist score, was right up Mr. Stiefel's alley.
But yesterday's volume on the New York exchange was its second heaviest of the year, at 430.8 million shares.
ITT's sports book in its Sheraton Desert Inn in Las Vegas takes bets on the Knicks and would be taking bets on the Rangers if not for the hockey lockout, but only because ITT doesn't officially own the Knicks and Rangers yet.
Sometimes the money goes for a sewing machine; sometimes it goes for teaching bookkeeping or commercial law.
That is the tame end of the food-toy chain.
The Economy More Americans found jobs in March than in any month in six years, the Labor Department reported.
"It is very specific," explains Mr. Crane.
This is only a training exercise.
For now, the entire town is delighting in the fact that Kearny once again has made a noteworthy contribution to international soccer.
Ed Whitelaw, a professor of economics at the University of Oregon in Eugene, was one of a handful of economists who predicted that job losses would be minimal and that Oregon, because of its attractive scenery and low property costs, would thrive.
When the Martin-Brower transaction is completed, Prosource's annual revenue will more than double to an estimated $3.6 billion from $1.6 billion.
That support has spurred the development of numerous small residential subdivisions folded into the rugged terrain.
He gets them the ball, some way, somehow, even when he lying down on the job.
Browning fell to the ground after making a pitch in the sixth inning and was taken off on a stretcher.
Trading was light as many investors awaited news of a successor to Prime Minister Morihiro Hosokawa, who announced on Friday that he would resign.
That judicial conflict set the stage for the Court's ruling today.
While tobacco industry representatives said they expected the bill to pass, they said they hoped at least to weaken or eliminate some proposed restrictions.
The typical family size of recipients of aid to families with dependent children is one mother and two children (slightly less than the average family size in the United States).
Rarely is it simply a selection of tracks from records available on the market.
Two days later, Albert, his wife and daughter were involved in a serious automobile accident.
He looks at his watch.
Like most photographers, Nancy Brown, who owns her 5,000-square-foot studio at 6 West 20th Street, no longer has enough studio work to use it full-time, so she rents it to other photographers and for parties.
After today's talks, Bosnia's Prime Minister, Haris Silajdzic, said they had made "no progress whatsoever."
B12 Tornado leaves 3 dead in Memphis suburb.
The former Soviet republic of Uzbekistan held its first multiparty elections today, for a 250-seat national Legislature.
There is an area for smaller children, a snack bar and game and party rooms.
"This is going to be the mother of all political food fights," said Hank Morris, a Democratic media consultant working for Karen S. Burstein, Mr. Cuomo's running mate in the attorney general's race.
"We really haven't been up to bat yet," Mr. Bratton told reporters this week, adding that he would be "swinging away" to win support for the merger, which he contends will put hundreds of more police officers into the projects every day and night.
For the year, they were up 2.9 percent, to $1.4 trillion.
I enjoyed the humor of Brent Staples's memoir of his time at the University of Chicago, especially his droll parody of Saul Bellow's style when he encountered his famous prey ("Into the White Ivory Tower," Feb. 6).
"It's a campaign of murder and intimidation, and nothing effective is being done about it."
GE Capital owns and operates it on behalf of the retailer, and might lose the business if Macy merged with Federated.
He continued to win many competitions through the 1960's, when he sailed his yacht Westray in the Northport-to-Bermuda race.
He stole a car and fled to California, the sheriff said.
TRACY MCGUCKIN'S first triathlon was really a quadathlon.
"Mandela was highly respected, highly admired," Mr. Kathrada said.
American Tobacco Goes Home At one time, the sun rarely set on American Tobacco.
Three hours north of Pretoria, he slows behind an endless caravan of overloaded vehicles streaming into a scrub-covered saddle of land.
When he returned, his friend and colleague, Ms. Chinh, asked if he had taken photographs.
He and Morris are the double X factor."
"Philip Morris briefed us and offered us an option to be a part of it but we decided not to," said Maura Ellis, a spokeswoman for R. J. Reynolds, another leading American tobacco company.
The acid from the oranges blended nicely with the lush figs and the aromatic Grand Marnier.
Mr. Richburg has chronicled the starvation and fighting in Somalia, including a case in which American helicopters opened fire on crowds of Somali men, women and children who were said to be throwing grenades and shooting at United Nations troops.
Ms. Wickenhaver, who had worked at The Manhattan Spirit and The Bergen Record, was brought in 18 months ago.
Some sessions that a reporter was allowed to attend briefly resembled management training meetings in corporations, with posters on the walls bearing slogans like "Follow the Ground Rules" and "Brainstorm!"
Garnish with tarragon leaves and serve at room temperature.
Trying to Keep Order It was plain on the streets outside the compound, where blue-uniformed "civil" police officers -- who stand apart from the newly arrived P.L.O.
With two minutes left, Davis inexplicably said: "Don't count Brazil out.
"It's all very speculative right now," said Dr. Lap-Chee Tsui, of the Hospital for Sick Children at the University of Toronto, who helped discover the cystic fibrosis gene in 1989.
"When you think of doll houses, you think of something cutesy that a child's going to play with," she says.
In 1978 and 1979, when fewer than 1 percent of American homes had VCR's and the major movie studios were reluctant to try the new technology, more than 75 percent of the videocassettes sold were pornographic.
"Sunday-school attendance keeps going down, but Bible schools still seem to pull them in," Ms. Knepper said.
In many states, including this one, where Ms. Snowe's Democratic opponent is Representative Thomas H. Andrews, they may well decide the outcome of important races.
"I doubt that whoever might appear on the scene will divert from this path," he said.
Last year the Mets won 59 games -- in a 162-game season.
A tavern menu, $4.95 to $12, is also served in the bar at lunch and dinner.
In the case of the famously misidentified "Washington Irving House" at the southwest corner of 17th Street and Irving Place, the Irving myth is tenacious.
As president of Playboy's Publishing Group, he was in a more powerful executive position than the one he assumes at Conde Nast.
"We were friendly with some of the guards, and there was this one fellow, Pop Gingrich, we used to call him because he was an old man of 35, and he confirmed that the Allies had made a landing, that the invasion was on," Mr. O'Donnell said.
He said he would recommend withdrawal on two conditions: if the American Congress voted to lift the arms embargo unilaterally and if the peacekeeping troops were rendered totally ineffective.
The importance of a patient's mind and emotions.
The ceremony had already taken place.
Austere Spending Plan Budget officials said Mr. Giuliani had drafted an austere spending plan of about $31.2 billion that will eliminate 15,000 jobs by the end of 1995 and cut the budgets of city agencies by a total of $1.3 billion.
No wonder health-conscious Americans often feel they just can't win.
Economy Grew Strongly In Final Quarter of '93 The economy surged at a 5.9 percent annual pace in the final quarter of 1993, the best performance in six years.
Foreign tour operators attend the show to book hotel rooms, restaurants, entertainment and transportation for travelers who will be visiting the United States in the coming year.
Despite deep divisions in his own ranks, General Viljoen has continued negotiating with the Government and the African National Congress on a deal that might carve out some kind of cultural preserve for the Afrikaners.
Hours: today through Sunday, 11 A.M. to 5 P.M.
The garden of humanity is a huge democracy.
They can handle buses that never show up, subways that pause for a while under the East River, cabdrivers to whom this city is a magical mystery tour and more than a few scam artists.
I cannot take the relationship.
to bid for contracts against private companies or hospitals that operate ambulances.
The other new pieces are Mr. Williams's "Five Sacred Trees," Mr. Takemitsu's "Family Tree," Aaron Jay Kernis's "New Era Dance" and Joseph Schwantner's Percussion Concerto.
What "The American Revolution" does do is trace the background, dramatize the high moments and sketch some of the personalities and achievements of the remarkable company that gave us the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution and political ideals that have never lost their glow.
"People like them best when there are skylights too," said Jim Whittemore, a partner with Burbank/Whittemore Inc., real estate brokers in Larchmont, N.Y.
Drawing largely on musicians who have performed on WNYC's afternoon program "Around New York," Mr. Schaefer has assembled a respectable roster of performers, including the pianists Ursula Oppens, Christopher O'Riley, Ruth Laredo and Richard and John Contigulia, the Essex String Quartet, the cellist Fred Sherry and the guitarist Bill Frisell.
He was previously managing director of Star TV, Hong Kong.
"To him, excellence was in the details."
The document also guarantees access to an array of services including surgery and treatment in state hospitals at nominal charges.
This, of course is an old story among the French, who have been fretting for decades, often with reason, about too much English in the language of Flaubert and Proust.
What a great way to win.
Would that have been construed as the cause of death.
The latest figures caused none of the consternation of Friday, when producer prices showed a surprising surge of six-tenths of 1 percent, roiling the financial markets.
"I watch 'Letterman' and I look at those bleak, wintry streets and I say I'm glad I'm here," Mr. Rothman said.
"In 1959 I remember watching Miss America -- I was 9 -- and I was home alone and got all dressed up in my mother's clothes and danced around the house singing to it.
Thirty-year fixed-rate mortgages averaged 8.82 percent this week, up from 8.73 percent last week, according to the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation.
Mr. Culkin's competition here is Mr. Wood, a fine actor, in an intermittently suspenseful film that amply demonstrates "wisecrack-filled comedy is what Mr. Culkin does best" (Maslin).
It was the first of a series of steps to eliminate poverty in families with full-time workers.
(Try not to think of Harvey Keitel selling Holly Hunter piano keys.)
safe house, or secret apartment, in Manhattan to have sex with his girlfriend.
Jump to 1958 and a picturesque village in Bavaria with a new civic center offering special programs of American musical films.
If anyone knows what Mitchell might do against Miami, it may be Esiason's sister, Robin, and her tarot cards.
The guitarist Stone Gossard and the bassist Jeff Ament will perform live at a House subcommittee hearing on possible anti-competitive practices in the ticket distribution industry.
The 517-room hotel has a $79 rate for a double during the stock show (the standard rate is $135).
District Attorney Ed Peters, in seeking the juror's removal, cited an article in a local newspaper, The Clarion-Ledger, that said the alternate juror, a 32-year-old white nurse from Courtland, Miss., who once worked as a supervisor in a state agency, was a likely witness in a lawsuit brought by some black employees who asserted that they had been unfairly treated by her agency.
"This is a major tragedy," she said.
"The positive side of portfolios is that if you really want to improve instruction on a daily basis, you have to focus on the quality of work year round," said Daniel Koretz, a resident scholar at the Rand Institute on Education and Training in Washington, who has studied a portfolio system in Vermont.
Pay special attention to the wines from Provence, which go well with the food.
And in addition to offering to pay for diagnostic medical exams, the company mailed letters to its customers telling which products were involved, giving directions on how to return them and offering full refunds.
He robbed people at gunpoint and shot at others and missed, the officer said.
After that, all welfare mothers who are 18 or older would have to prepare for work through job training or education, or would have to engage actively in a job search.
Their findings have been submitted for publication in the Journal of Geophysical Research.
Who is the father of Frannie's baby?
Dr. Masters raised an eyebrow.
A Lethal Combination Mr. Giuliani pointedly said that his decision would depend on who could best help New York City.
A panel of 19 heart-care experts, nurses, researchers and a consumer worked for 18 months to develop the guidelines, which were endorsed by several Federal health agencies and more than a dozen professional medical societies and health groups.
The show was nearly stolen by Dangerous: The Three Brothers, young members of Marie Brooks Pan-Caribbean Dance Theater, who choreographed and performed a sleek and witty Michael Jackson number.
But each individual is riding up.
"Under the new policy, if you have a drug that could be useful in treating cancer and it stops cancer cells from multiplying in a test tube or in animals, you could get a patent.
Even some young Cuban-Americans born in this country feel displaced.
Christopher Mason, a musical satirist, can't explain it, "but," he says, "I haven't missed one."
Pete is capable of doing that.
The trial has been closed because the prosecution's evidence is based on nearly 50 classified and top secret documents and, according to the defendant, depends on the expert testimony of "parties with vested interests in the military-industrial complex."
The tale was Keenan's: he and Smith, with whom he could hardly talk, had conspired behind Gutkowski to concoct the late bonus check loophole that led to Keenan quitting the Rangers on July 15, and that Smith, the Rangers' general manager, had asked Viacom executives to fire Keenan when Gutkowski would not.
REGION SPARKS FLY IN ONE PRIMARY Two days before voters in New York State make up their minds in a race with no clear leader and few defining issues, the four candidates in the Democratic race for attorney general assailed each other for being too rich, too political or misleading voters in talking about crime.
There are moments -- as when Egon writes a farewell letter to his mother -- that are both beautiful and heartbreaking.
On Friday, March 11, Treasurer Brian W. Clymer held a news briefing on state income projections that included hints of another tax cut, but no details.
Mr. Senkowski, 48, graduated from Yale University and received his law degree from George Washington University.
While all of this is good news, there are strong forces in Parliament that oppose Mr. Kuchma.
A senior Administration official said today that the White House "would have preferred" that the radio broadcasts include the warning against fleeing.
From the I-back formation, Frazier generated 169.4 yards of offense per game last season.
"It's just counseling," said Ms. Burrows, who has homes in both Babylon and Manhattan, "I don't see what the problem is."
"With things so much more competitive now, there's no real time to grow into a new job," said Capt.
"People's senses of what the rules are have taken on lives of their own.
Its chief sponsor asked Congress and the states to take away the "blank check" that Government had used to build the national debt to $4 trillion.
Yesterday they finished assembling a satellite communications system, started a generator to power up and test the robot, and sent it on its way for what was expected to be five days of walking, climbing and exploring.
They are widely available; the suggested retail price is $49.95.
But Mr. DeRubeis said he was concerned that the delay might lead to increased vandalism, which has included "a fire that destroyed one of the buildings," Mr. DeRubeis said.
Upstairs is a 150-seat dining room, downstairs a 40-seat cafe that also incorporates a bar.
Remarkably, women of higher incomes have more Caesarean section births.
USAir and its pilots' union accepted a mediator yesterday to help resolve an impasse over how much union workers should contribute to the carrier's cost-cutting efforts.
Treating AIDS Patients A chain of health clinics run by a top Nation of Islam official received $213,000 last April in Federal money for a one-year contract to treat AIDS patients in Washington; the chain, Abundant Life Foundation, is also seeking a share of $2 million in AIDS treatment contracts that the District of Columbia government will soon hand out.
Other Sites Removed The Hovenweep sites are not the only ones scheduled to be excised from road maps this season.
And readers concerned with Christian Identity as a contemporary political movement will be better served by Mr. Aho's "Politics of Righteousness."
"It has kind of blown up into a big thing every time we play them," said Knicks guard Derek Harper.
Page Tench Crimmins, a vice president at J. P. Morgan in New York, was married yesterday to Bryan Robert Seyfried, an associate at Goldman, Sachs in New York.
Ms. Warlick, the executive director of The One Club for Art and Copy, a professional group that gives awards for creative advertisements, said she had given her landlord notice and put her furniture in storage after her offer was accepted.
While American military intelligence reports concluded that it is impossible to determine with absolute certainty that the Bosnian Serbs were responsible for the attack on Saturday, Mr. Christopher accused them of a rash of earlier attacks -- laying a broader basis for a decision to take action.
And for those of us who knew and loved her, she graced our lives."
Sorry, no money from me."
After the station went into operation, early in 1992, truckers simply cut down to Route 1 in Greenwich at Exit 2, just before the weigh station, and then later drove back onto Interstate 95.
But supporters are heartened by a recent statewide poll that found that a majority of Florida residents currently favor some form of gaming.
"It was a valuable lesson for everyone," said Royals Manager Hal McRae.
Lots of molded salads and maraschino cherries do not make this program any more winning.
"Years ago the real talent was huddled together.
But it was overcast and cool when we reached Jacksonville, and by the time we got to the highway for the one-hour drive, it was raining.
"The consequences of stopping the airlift is that people will die," said Donald Petterson, the United States Ambassador to the Sudan and outspoken critic of both the Government and the rebels.
The Bullets have lost 8 of their last 11.
"But the goal of these vines is not to kill the tree," Mr. Paulding added.
Aside from Mr. Darlow's personal drama, his race raises questions about the Probate Court system, whose dealings cover a broad range of social relationships including wills, contested estates and other family disputes involving children or people judged incompetent as well as guardianships, adoptions and name changes.
LEARNING FOR ADVANCEMENT , Mexican Consulate, 8 East 41st Street, Manhattan, (212) 689-0456, ext.
It was Mr. Murdoch's first meeting with reporters since Fox last week announced the resignation of Lucie Salhany, chairwoman of Fox Broadcasting, and the promotion of Chase Carey as chairman of Fox's newly formed television division.
Mr. Boutros-Ghali is expected in Paris this weekend for meetings with the French Foreign Minister, Alain Juppe, and Secretary of State Warren Christopher is to meet on Monday with Mr. Juppe, Prime Minister Edouard Balladur and President Francois Mitterrand.
But it was a hardy bunch of northern Europeans -- British, Norweigians and Germans -- who brought the kayak into the 20th century, using it to explore Greenland and their own rugged coastlines.
DAVE KRIEG was sacked once, with credit shared by JEFF LAGEMAN and TONY CASILLAS.
The coal project is part of an explosion in foreign investment in Colombia outside of its rich oil reserves, which have long attracted foreigners.
is expected to come out with its own Power PC personal computers later this year, and other PC companies may also use the chip.
"I know the Giants have cap problems like every other team," said Collins.
The strike started in 1991 and continues today.
The plan would cover games sold on floppy disks as well as on CD-ROM's, which are compact disks that resemble music CD's but contain sound, text and images.
Caterpillar was another well-known stock that finished on the downside, losing 2 1/8, to 57 5/8.
When a user sticks his hand inside the container, he puts on the innermost glove.
To some degree, the airport's backers have history on their side.
9:20 A.M. -- An undercover police officer buys one glassine envelope of "Killer Bee" heroin on Suffolk Street in Manhattan.
A Friend Steps In Some of the problems stem from Mr. Janoski's appointing his girlfriend, Brenda Filmanski, an employee in the Planning Department, to go in his stead to meetings of various intergovernmental commissions.
In 1971, having supported Hale Boggs of Louisiana as majority leader, Mr. O'Neill was selected by Mr. Boggs to be majority whip, an appointive post.
The numbers in parentheses are the ratings given the wine, which is from the 1990 vintage, by The Wine Spectator, a consumer magazine, and by Robert M. Parker Jr., a prominent wine critic.
"I have my own particular qualities.
90% Have Health Insurance More than 90 percent of the people in Omaha, however, have health insurance, Mr. Hoagland said.
Prosecutors said yesterday that he had not agreed to cooperate in the trial of any other defendant.
The Round House flat where we stayed in Nairn can be rented from Mr. and Mrs. Donald Stewart, 45 King Street, Nairn, IV12 4NZ, telephone (667) 455198.
Mario M. Cuomo's effort to fend off a re-election challenge by George E. Pataki.
Only a few curtained windows look directly out at the glorious river view.
Then they clasped hands, laughed -- and anted up two cents apiece.
Flip Benham, the Dallas-based director of Operation Rescue, said, however, that members of his group would go ahead with plans to demonstrate this month at a new abortion clinic in Waco, Tex.
He graduated from the State University College at Oswego, N.Y.
If we win it, we win it.
Inspired by Sergei Kaledin's 1988 novella titled "Construction Battalion," "Gaudeamus" is a surreal view of the Soviet Union dramatized in song, dance, mime, acrobatics, anecdotes, blackout sketches and burlesque routines that recall Abbott and Costello.
Rounding out the list, which included Mrs. Whitman's actual nominees for many posts, was the appointment of Mr. Bon Jovi as Commissioner of Economic Development.
All the paintings in this astutely selected show share the abstracted image of one or more bust-length male heads densely worked in thick black paint.
With Mr. Clinton having met with President Jiang Zemin in November in Seattle, Mr. Roy said, the two countries are carrying on their most extensive dialogue in five years.
Sam Margulies, a professional mediator, and other lawyers who specialize in divorce, say men generally put up less resistance to adjustments for child support than to those for alimony payments, which may run for a long, indefinite period.
"The experts at the academy are implementing the program," Chief Costello said.
In the Bronx, where income for the wealthiest rose by 34 percent, income among the bottom group declined by 3.4 percent -- the only county where the average income for any of the five groups declined.
"I think I have my own technique now," he confided.
"It's a totally different atmosphere coming here at night," said Edberg, who was upset here in the 4th-round by Aaron Krickstein on a similarly unseasonable night in 1988 and was trounced in straight sets in the dark by Jimmy Connors a year later.
Books that cause such intense shared feeling are rarely subtle.
Fare cuts are available for international flights from Sept. 5 to Dec. 10.
In addition, they said, the state is slow in providing the aid, creating cash-flow problems that force municipalities to borrow money and pass the interest costs along to taxpayers.
"And now," he said, "most of the time he's correct."
Recycling, for example, has profound spiritual ramifications, she said.
Dan Reeves remembers what real heat is.
The panel said that during the adolescent growth spurt, calcium can accumulate in bones at the rate of 400 to 500 milligrams a day.
In recent months, no television has been more moving than that provided by Pedro Zamora on MTV's third "Real World" season.
After a two-year internship and residency in Rochester, he joined the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Md., as a research scientist in viruses.
It has been straight downhill for bankers since then."
"I think this is the last surge of industrial production," said Jerry Jasinowski, president of the National Association of Manufacturers.
In the evening's first match, Kimiko Date of Japan, a newcomer to the championships, fell behind 3-2 and then embarked on a 10-game rampage to oust 19th-ranked Sabine Hack, 6-3, 6-0.
Manhattan is finally getting some of these, too.
And in Yemen, regional monitoring may be able neither to stop the war nor contain its wider repercussions.
Denver is 0-1 this season and it was a typical Elway loss in which he generated 371 passing yards, 3 touchdowns and 2 interceptions before the San Diego Chargers won, 37-34.
He found that college proximity mattered a lot, raising years of schooling and average earnings.
But the extension a few years ago of Interstate 78 from the New Jersey border to Harrisburg, Pa., opened up the region, with farmland giving way to town houses.
But Dr. Dow did not know what kinds of deficits they might get.
In Bonn, their collapse left the Christian Democratic Mayor, Hans Daniels, without a majority for the first time in 20 years and enabled a coalition of Social Democrats and Greens to take over.
"Some conversations took place that we wouldn't have had if we weren't in this situation, which was good."
The state agency operates two offices in the Bronx, on Tremont Avenue and on Sedgwick Avenue.
The mild-mannered debates that sprang up marked one of the first times the bus passengers had a chance to get their message out.
But he did offer some insight into why he had pushed for a higher valuation.
The two women attended the opening of the court building, handing out copies of Ralph Heller's column in The Sparks Tribune about their efforts.
The Jets also waived cornerback Clifford Hicks, who signed last year as an unrestricted free agent from Buffalo.
's kingdom, turning over the inside dope on all its important operations aimed at Moscow and the names of all the C.I.A.
One is the historic beauty and low cost of travel in the republic, which brought about 70 million tourists here in 1993 -- 10 million more than visited France in 1992 -- and with them an infusion of $1.3 billion.
International As China's electrical power supply falls behind its surging demand, its Communist Party leadership is paralyzed by an ideological struggle over how much profit foreign investors should be allowed to make from the country's power industry.
And Mr. Coleman will be present, trying, he says, to make sure they get it right.
"Everyone wants their show to sound different," said Mr. Brezner, 46, the disk jockey for 13 New York shows this season, including those of Bill Blass, Isaac Mizrahi and Richard Tyler.
More exact data from Australia showed that 10 to 15 percent of traffic deaths and 30 percent of deaths on rural roads result from drivers' falling asleep.
In December the Vatican ended a long period of hesitation and reached an agreement to recognize Israel.
Sounding like an auctioneer as he turned to Mr. North during a lunchtime stop at the Norfolk airport, Mr. Dole proclaimed to cheers from an audience of partisans: "How would you like another vote for the balanced budget amendment, right here?
The game plan for the new company has yet to be drawn, so maybe Macy's will still run commercials about being a part of your life and Bloomingdale's will still say it's like no other store in the world.
On Feb. 11, 1963, a young American named Sylvia Plath stuck her head in the gas oven of her London home.
The list of missing included passers-by, employees and visitors to the building, said Ruben Beraja, president of the Delegation of Argentine Israeli Associations, an umbrella organization of Jewish groups in Argentina that was one of the building's two tenants.
Inspired by an unfinished work by James Joyce, this elaborate production is conceived for circular spaces and requires 100 musicians stationed above and around the audience.
That was apparent when they collided during the first period.
Rabbi Gutman Baras officiated at the Merrick (L.I.)
Hungary has the highest monthly average salary in Eastern Europe, - about $300 a month.
MARILYN FITTERMAN Past President National Organization for Women New York
Among the songs Mr. Calloway made famous were "Jim, Jam, Jump," "Are You All Reet?"
But Hill, the senior forward Antonio Lang and the junior Cherokee Parks -- the upperclassmen starters -- have elevated their game for the tournament.
For 1992, Mr. Reed received options on 250,000 shares.
The Orioles exemplify what some experts believe other teams must do to prosper -- persuade politicians and taxpayers to finance a new stadium and then to let the team keep most of the ball park's operating profits.
Coffee jumped last week to an eight-year high of $2.74 a pound after reports of frost damage in Brazil.
Add the nam pla to the stew, divide the shellfish among the bowls and ladle each with broth.
Some councils with industry's aid have taken positive steps.
What the city found, Commissioner Safir said, was Mrs. Drennan.
"We're obviously disappointed with the result, and it's too bad that 40 minority jobs may be lost," said Samuel H. Lindenbaum of the law firm Rosenman & Colin, who represent the arcade.
For day, there are sleeveless dresses in flattering colors like pink, aqua, tangerine, sunny yellow and sky blue.
"I choked it, whatever you want to say.
I'll pick you up at 5:30.
Seton Hall 89, California 45 Dawn Johnson had 20 points, including her 1,000th career point, to lead No.
We then notice some old, old signs proclaiming the de facto men's clubs that existed on different rows of lockers.
For all his combustible and undiplomatic personality, Ryan can coach.
He is a trader at S. G. Warburg & Company, a securities firm in New York.
Gerald Connor, chief executive of Connor, Clark, said in a statement that it looked forward to helping "return Greyhound to profitability as quickly as possible."
"There will be subtle adjustments," he said.
Or one of the couple gets sick with the wrong disease and the other panics.
In fact, the plan includes much more than a bike path, and the path will be a tremendous amenity for neighborhoods bordering the waterfront.
With that, her voice broke, and the news conference quickly came to a close.
Hence the title, "The Last Best Hope of Earth," taken from Lincoln's address to Congress in December 1862 that closed: "We know how to save the Union.
Well, the Yankees won pennants under Casey Stengel one year and Ralph Houk the next; under Billy Martin one year and Bob Lemon the next.
If you die, there will be a hole.")
The skating association's canceled trip makes it appear more likely now that unless Harding were charged her name would be included on the roster submitted to the United States Olympic Committee by Monday's deadline.
The players would strike pre-emptively before the owners could declare a legal impasse in the talks and implement their cap for next season.
This spring, the Paris Opera's director-designate, Hugues Gall, who takes over next year but is in fact already running things, decided to renegotiate Mr. Chung's contract to end in 1997 and to freeze his salary at the 1993 levels.
Some experts believe the deep may eventually yield oil and gas.
"If it is deficit-neutral, and if it is passed in the way that it is, I think we will achieve full coverage."
And in all the sleepy beige of the room there are only two bright spots: her coral-colored hair and a bouquet of bright flowers.
The walls shimmer with a golden patina and the chandelier casts a benign light on the guests.
But pleasing Washington was not uppermost, the official said, noting that right after the massacre, ministers had begun to say that a thorough crackdown on the Kahane groups was long overdue.
There are differences, too: Officer Del Debbio, 31, of Italian and Puerto Rican descent, grew up in the pastoral country around Lake George, N.Y.; Officer Robinson, who is black, was raised on Staten Island.
To coincide with her debut, her father requested that clinics be set up in schools in poor areas and that Williams give motivational speeches to the students.
"The superstore issue raises a number of sensitive questions," he said.
She released the satellite late in the afternoon as Discovery soared 160 miles above the ocean just south of Australia.
"It was wonderful," she said.
Elect Bill Frist to the U.S.
Will water rates go up?
"Recent dollar weakness should be overlooked by the Fed because since the initial tightening in February the money supply of various measures have all shown significant reductions in their rate of growth," Mr. Reuss continued.
Still, by New York standards, it's bucolic.
But Mr. Evans said the two books would not compete with each other.
In most cases, the people who said they planned to vote for Mr. Pataki did not point to tax cuts as the main reason.
They don't want to lose what they have."
"I'd never rest if I didn't try it one more time," Rendell says.
Another recommended dish is tagine, the slow-simmered flavorful lamb and vegetable stew made with prunes, celery, walnuts, raisins and rice.
10 and above: Very high risk; danger range is 4 to 6 minutes for those most at risk, 20 to 30 minutes for those least affected.
teams early in the exhibition schedule, and this is where the kids have to gain their confidence and get rid of their awe," Taylor said.
"The United States has one of the best systems of higher education in the world," Labor Secretary Robert B. Reich said.
Steve Pettengill of Middletown, R.I., whose 60-foot sailboat has a broken boom, slipped back to fourth place.
That home and others were immediately closed again by the authorities, who say Palestinians should apply to the army instead of acting on their own.
Term Limits, gently but pointedly disavowed the further reaches of the Attorney General's argument.
But we thought that we would do that and at least you would then have a complete record of the money we earned and the taxes we paid -- Hillary and I together did -- as long as I've been in public life.
The volume of trash handled by the company increased 6 percent in the first quarter, and WMX was able to hold the line on pricing or increase it slightly.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
"Herb's dunks against their 1-3-1 halfcourt trap probably broke the game open," said Purdue Coach Gene Keady.
A lessee who started a reconstruction inside the closed building halted the work because of costs, hotel sources say, and now is in litigation with the owner.
"If they had followed the current logic two years ago, they wouldn't have raised rates in the summer of 1992," one critic said.
The veterans of the jihad have taken their war abroad to Algeria, Azerbaijan, Bangladesh, Bosnia, Burma, China, Egypt, India, Morocco, Pakistan, Sudan, Tadzhikistan, Tunisia, Uzbekistan, Yemen -- and the United States.
Pyschological Troubles "They're more intense and they take longer to handle now," Dr. Mendoza said.
Maybe they don't like us to win.
Though Mr. McCarthy admits that there were some members of the I.B.M.
Show once related the following incident to a friend: On a clear night when he was 7, he took his mother's hand and pointed to the heavens.
But private and state money will not be forthcoming until the federal commitment is clear.
More than 200 people were wounded.
The proposals have these things in common: They are frightfully expensive in terms of what they would cost the Government in lost revenue.
One of the primary questions about the book, however, is not about the German ace but about the author himself.
Hockey National Hockey League HARTFORD WHALERS -- Sent Frank Pietrangelo, goaltender, to Springfield of the American Hockey League.
"This is a fundamental part of the current conflict."
"Everyone thinks this is a low-income borough," said Mr. Milea, "but they're wrong.
The rhetoric surrounding the crime bill seems to envision one class of criminal, those strangers who come out of nowhere and rob, rape, kill, cut and run.
Cellular users will have to buy digital phones, which will also operate on current analog cellular systems where digital service is not available.
But he said she had told the group that the Finance Committee needed to be a focus of their attention because several members needed to know about the importance of universal coverage.
"It's making another set of excuses for kids who are uncontrollably violent.
Throughout California, they are are buying acreage to plant rows and rows of grapevines.
He is also a backer of renewable energy sources, like windmills and photovoltaic cells.
The Scola movie, a truly dark comedy, would seem to be a natural for Mr. Sondheim's usual treatment.
Her long nails were painted with white-on-white stripes.
"This is a major undertaking."
"Of course, there is a human rights issue here for workers," one member of Mr. Clinton's Cabinet said.
When they die, all proceeds will go to the university.
The plan that Macy executives had been shaping valued the company at about $3.5 billion, the high end of the range of valuations proposed by the Blackstone Group, Macy's financial adviser, and Merrill Lynch, which advises Macy's board.
Last week, militants staged demonstrations demanding the release of jailed Islamic leaders, but foreign diplomats and Islamic militants provided conflicting reports on the number of people involved, and the Saudi Government has been reticent.
Other advertisements push the message that Chrysler cares about performance and about the subtle details that import buyers notice, like easily operated turn signals.
"Campaigner for Ordaining Female Priests" [ July 17 ] was an interview of Eileen McMahon of the Long Island National Women's Ordination Conference.
By the end of the day, Mr. Brown had signed a set of agreements to expand the United States-Chinese Joint Committee on Commerce and Trade.
The judge, Lance A. Ito of Los Angeles County Superior Court, said in a written opinion that prosecutors were "less than exemplary" in handling the blood samples.
The city's new water projects will rely largely on new state and Federal funding, including $36 million in a bill signed last week by Gov.
Like many BBS's, his relies on shareware -- programs that permit copying -- for most of the features.
Parents and grandparents attend as escorts, but the venerable troupe, founded in 1958, says its target audience starts at the age of 4 and tops out at a doddering 9.
Many mutagens are also carcinogens; the genetic damage they do results in uncontrolled cellular growth.
She complained that the Chevy Chase settlement "puts emphasis on the brick and mortar" at a time when technology allowed many loans and other services to be provided by telephone.
He is also a student at Montgomery College in Bethesda, Md.
On balance, though, the one is no more entertaining than the other.
Judging from what he has said so far, he is bound to try to turn back some Thatcherite programs, like privatizing the railroads and postal system.
The speculation began because Carlos Slim Helu, Telmex's chairman and a big shareholder, also heads Grupo Financiero Inbursa, which has purchased about 15 percent of Grupo Alfa stock over the last few years.
But before he threw down his gauntlet to the Mafia, Silvio Berlusconi, the most packaged and most talked about of the candidates for Italy's watershed election this weekend -- and some would say its most likely winner -- wanted to tell his audience what they wanted to hear after years as Italy's economic orphans.
Based on the June numbers that have been reported, Mr. Hoffman said that "some of the inventories that were built up in April and May, particularly at the wholesale level, were partly worked off."
Desserts are classic but equally original: Favorites were a simple warmed peach from Gascony, flamed in its own juices, and a tiny apple tart, served with an apple sorbet and a warm soothing peach sauce.
The difference is that Viacom's share price has plunged, falling from $57.50 for the class A shares.
A few days later, Mr. Kunstler said, a terse letter arrived at his office in which Mr. Siddig Ali said he was discharging Mr. Kunstler and Mr. Kuby as his lawyers.
The President did make the required findings and reported them.
Living Books will soon leave the corporate nest at Broderbund in Novato, Calif., for San Francisco, and in April recruited Jeffrey Schon as president and chief executive.
Bubbly and radiant, Ms. Michaels told reporters at the West Orange office of her lawyer, Alan L. Zegas, that she harbored no bitterness, planned to marry her fiance, Jay Romano, a freelance journalist, have children and become a writer, starting with a book about her ordeal.
In interviews yesterday, many of the judges and their colleagues defended the results of the appointments, saying they produced a significant number of talented acting State Supreme Court justices from minority groups.
"They're out there actively engaged in a very visible activity," he said.
And if they do, Mr. Haggins said, "you do little subtle things" to get them moving.
Mr. Drummond said Newband's mission was to keep the Partch repertory alive while encouraging other composers to write for the instruments.
Sweaters are cropped at the waist and shown with satin shorts dyed to match.
Williams has the ideal temperament to deal with his role.
b-After an extraordinary loss of $ 2,912,000, or a loss of 4 cents a share, from a charge related to early extinguishment of debt.
Once again, however, one was forced to peer at the stage between the blinding camera flashes that have become a distracting part of ethnic dance performances.
In this generously conceived, meticulously detailed sequel to "Red Mars," a disputatious band of scientists dabbles in utopian politics and literally rebuilds the planet by "terraforming" -- transforming Mars into something like Earth.
Dr. Cochran acknowledged that the proposal was likely to sail through Congress next term, but that it might face trouble later on.
For the Digest, one-third of their workers come from Dutchess County, but many also come from the southern part of Westchester.
Both men said that there were no plans for the Branch Davidians to reunite under new leadership, but that they remained committed to their faith.
Those 80 are in the new public school, but 500 or so of the yeshiva students also attend the school for up to three hours a day for special Government-financed services -- classes for the learning disabled, classes in English as a second language, counseling and physical therapy.
"We are helping the workers mount a horse and leading it a short distance and hoping it will gallop," said Wuhan Steel's president, Liu Benren.
Slice the tops and stems.
While this finding is hardly a surprise to anyone who has been paying attention to the problem of osteoporosis, the details of the panel's 25-page statement are likely to raise serious questions about current efforts to counter the problem.
The smaller-company Nasdaq composite index rose 0.28 point, to 759.23.
Two figures recline around the outside of her bowl, which is titled "Circle of Hope; Circuit of Dreams."
Not only that, he said, but calls to that number for Finkelstein were forwarded to Howtek, one of Mr. Howard's two companies.
Instead of going left, he took a fateful step right.
St. John's did not support the proposal to expand to 14 because of the imbalance favoring football and the logistical problems a basketball league of that size would have created.
The area attracts large numbers of visitors, but most of them do not stray from such tourist honey pots as Dunster, Porlock, Lynton and Lynmouth.
Win Thin, international economist at MCM Currencywatch Inc., said worries about the impact of the Orange County filing might have been overblown and been magnified in an otherwise slow trading day.
I'm afraid both the owners and the players are in for a rude awakening when they both discover that we fans pay the tab.
attributed its drop to an agonizingly slow start of production for its 1995 Chevrolet Lumina and Monte Carlo cars at a plant in Oshawa, Ontario, as well as to the factory change-over for its new Chevrolet Cavalier and Pontiac Sunfire subcompacts, which are due out this fall.
Giants General Manager George Young has told reporters that salary wasn't the only reason Simms was cut.
It also reflects the travails of reshaping a corporate giant after years of mismanagement in an economy where the direction has been hard to predict.
Yet as bleak as the block can look on a wintry night, the lights of salvation blink nearby.
"There were two wings at right angles to the Octagon where the inmates were kept," he said.
Why should we jump in the tank?"
Standing before a shelter for working homeless women, the New York City Public Advocate charged yesterday that the city wastes at least $2 million a year on food purchases for shelters for the homeless, and said buying policies should be changed to enable more companies to compete on contracts to provide the meals.
In the concerts there was music of Mussorgsky, Tchaikovsky, Prokofiev and Shostakovich.
The wounded passenger, Frederick Kammel, 50, was in stable condition with a shoulder wound at Bellevue Hospital Center.
"The problem with polls is that consumers are being asked to understand and judge something they've never seen or encountered before," said Gary Arlen, president of Arlen Research Inc., a research company based in Bethesda, Md., who was not involved in the poll but was told of the results.
But keeping secrets can cause embarrassment too.
Only after many days did we discover that they were temporary lavatories that dated from the period in the 18th century in which one coronation followed another and it had become clear that there were bodily needs from which not even kings and queens, let alone dukes and duchesses, were exempt.
Arms and legs, too, are presented in theatrical arrangements, twisted into carefully balanced compositions.
"Honey, those commodes are red porcelain."
We can't rely on somebody else coming in, like the cavalry riding over the hill, to bail us out.
In other words, funnel the help to businesses that have what it takes to succeed.
The organizations that carry out the treaty have been trying to come up with more objective approaches.
During a news conference this afternoon, Mr. Hevesi, with Mr. Giuliani at his side, said the two companies would be paid separately: the Corbin firm would be paid out of Mr. Hevesi's budget, while Public Resources would be paid out of the Mayor's budget.
But we ended up here not knowing how we got here, but it's a bad situation.
Mr. Yamashita, who formally accepted Mr. Dalton's offer on Friday,said he hoped the Navy's decision would help in appeals he still plans to make to Navy administrative boards for back pay.
Mozambique won independence from Portugal in 1975 only to be plunged into a civil war that left it, by some reckonings, the poorest country in the world.
Excluding the items, income was $ 35,020,000, or 42 cents a share.Per-share results reflect the benefit of a January 1994 share repurchase program, and have been restated for a 3-for-1 stock split that was effective May 20, 1994.Brown-Forman also has a ticker symbol of BF.A for the class A stock.
The Supreme Court put an end to that in 1989, and then retirees demanded the taxes back that they'd paid from 1986 to 1988, but Mr. Cuomo was balking.
Peter Guyon Earle, a member of Perry, Lerner & Quindel, the Milwaukee firm that represented Akeem, said the case demonstrated that the liability resulting from a botched cleanup of lead paint could be even more serious than the original liability.
James Sanders, a butcher at Dan's Meats in Far Rockaway, Queens, which supplies Nakisaki and other restaurants, said he sells 50 to 80 pounds of the meat a week, primarily to Jamaicans and primarily for the soup.
Rain and winds of up to 20 knots pushed the fleet, with Parlier's countryman Jean Luc Van Den Heede only five nautical miles behind in the 3,500-mile crossing.
"We have no contemplation of taking any legal steps whatsoever at this point," he said.
They will be retrained and tested.
"To diddle around for two and a half years," Duffy interjected.
"I look at the land and depend on the vibration," she said.
" His mother had a more eclectic disposition.
With estimates of the ultimate international cost of the aid program soaring beyond $1 billion, the President's critics say that distinction is penny wise but pound foolish.
"I'm not really big on mound conferences," Stanley said, "unless somebody really needs it."
In 1990, the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act created a trust fund to compensate those people, or their survivors, whose cancer was determined to have beencaused by radiation.
Mr. Shleifer speculates that the Government will respond with price controls, a method of rationing that produced endless lines, empty shelves and thriving black markets in Gorbachev's Soviet Union and will almost certainly do the same in Yeltsin's Russia.
Sheila Jaffe WITH: Casey Siemaszko, Martha Plimpton, Phoebe Cates and John Sayles
Other resolutions cover more broadly Iraq's right to export and import a range of commodities.
Many of Lange's pictures after 1935 have a remarkable openness.
Like combat ribbons on a soldier's tunic, scars from healed stitches decorated the 35-year-old defenseman's leathery face.
Coach PETE CARROLL always has his reasons for naming the game captains.
The fare is $3 each way, children 12 and under $2.
"The bigger picture is that Congress is going to reassert itself in terms of priorities in intelligence spending.
"If the word's not out yet, it's going to get out," a senior White House official said today.
It is adjacent to the Niagara Mohawk Power Corporation's Nine Mile Point 1 and 2 reactors.
"Americans get too brief a vacation as it is.
"I knew that I was growing really good grapes, because I dabbled in wine making," he said.
"He's the one who knew he needed to get help," she said.
His slatternly dames of last season suddenly became beauties -- a bit worn, granted -- with shiny foundation bras and bouffant hairdos.
Moreover, the spread of reprocessing technology creates a justification for countries that want to make nuclear weapons to follow suit, under the guise of conducting energy research or developing energy sources.
Even though now I'm safe I still worry all the time.
The ostensible subject is the author's quest for self-realization, but there is also a larger theme: the emergence of American culture from a provincialism that was ended only by World War II.
Despite the vote, the chairman, Luis A. Miranda, refused to say which managerial jobs would be eliminated, asserting that such decisions were personnel matters.
"The disease of the macho American male," she says.
But moves to greater integration, embodied in the 1991 Maastricht treaty, have collided with popular fears of ceding too much power to bureaucrats in Brussels.
The priorities are "the central processing unit, the monitor, the printer," said Jim Hart, East Coast sales manager for Kensington Microware Ltd., the largest trackball maker with more than a third of the market.
The board asked both sides to give their solutions four weeks to work, Mr. LaSala said.
Companies For companies from cruise lines to hotels, computer technology holds the promise of increasing their profits by allowing them to price their products much more efficiently than they ever could with just paper and pencil.
Mrs. Dokur, 48, who is divorced, works as a dental technician supervisor at St. Joseph's Hospital in Paterson.
"It acts like a squeegee on the road," he said.
IN ALBANY, A REPUBLICAN FEUD EASES The Republican Senate majority leader, Ralph J. Marino, has agreed to be chairman of a major fund-raising event for one of his most bitter rivals: Senator George E. Pataki, the leading Republican candidate for Governor.
The indictment said leaders of the Latin Kings are called supreme crowns or supremes.
He said the agreement served the interests of the United States, South Korea and Japan, all of which are concerned about North Korea's ambitions to become a nuclear power.
But no one has rejected Philip Morris's money, or called it tainted.
His lawyer said he would enter a not-guilty plea.
It's our reluctance to be here that marks us as special.
But it makes some sense given the unpleasant realities of Haiti.
Now all of the teams respect Saudi Arabia.
Byron's predicament is oddly fitting, given the history of klezmer music.
Blackberries, too, are being rediscovered in America, showing up in pies and cobblers, combined with apples, peaches or nectarines.
Good Teams but No Luck "It's just a matter of a little luck," said Rayner, 73, who now lives in Vancouver.
Mr. Florio was named chief executive of The New Yorker in 1988.
Throughout the campaign and during the early weeks of her transition, however, Mrs. Whitman refrained from preparing the public for the logic of those numbers.
MONTANA STATE-BILLINGS -- Named Juli Cobourn women's volunteer assistant basketball coach and Kory Bays women's student assistant basketball coach.
It's rare enough to hear a politician talk about transcendent values, rarer still one willing to lay out a plan for developing a new universal system.
Brush the steaks with the olive oil, season with salt and pepper, and grill.
"I know I'm definitely out for the next two games," Kelly said.
Later this season, when Virginia Tech and Syracuse reflect on the bounces they received and the bounces that got away, they will probably agree that a certain point of definition was reached at the Carrier Dome this afternoon.
Mr. Chavis said today that he settled the suit to put the legal matters behind him.
And the uphill battle manufacturers face in proving their products are superior is expected to lead to ever tougher demands for discounts from individual hospitals and buying groups.
He was no enemy of New York -- he had run for mayor twice, and saw value in the idea of the melting pot -- but your heritage was your heritage; it was, like wine, particular to the ground it came from.
Radiocarbon testing of gourd seeds with the tusk put the age at 12,200 years, the researchers said, making it the earliest known butchering site in North America.
Mr. Kahn even examined his fellow countrymen and in his "The American People: The Findings of the 1970 Census" (Weybright & Talley, 1974) he even poked his nose into the oddities and absurdities contained in the masses of numbers the Federal Government had amassed.
But Mr. Taruskin's account of Stravinsky's Russianness differs from Mr. Pokrovsky's.
The tiny city in northern Wisconsin had a professional team long before the National Football League was taken over by card-carrying, idealistic socialists who believed in dividing the wealth equally.
The titles of his songs -- "Pensar en Ti" ("Thinking of You"), "Dame Tu Amor" ("Give Me Your Love") -- told their whole stories, all about love and yearning.
It's enough to make a technophobe weep.
He suffered from a heart ailment for some time and died of natural causes, his family said.
What other facts are different?
Childe Hassam Jordan-Volpe Gallery 958 Madison Avenue (at 75th Street) Through July 1 Childe Hassam (1859-1935) was a popular artist in his time.
The one disgruntled caller to Mr.
Earlier this month, Mayor Giuliani was quoted in The New York Post as saying about the program that "it deteriorates every neighborhood to bring it down to the lowest common denominator."
Not only did Harding embarrass herself but she also messed up the performance of Josee Chouinard, a Canadian skater who did not deserve to be rushed out onto the ice because Harding's lace was broken.
With sister and brother both putting in long hours -- she at the instant-photo shop, he at his jewelry and watch repair business -- the block is where they eat and rest.
"From our point of view we are not going to be a bad neighbor."
Haiti's elite and U.S. business interests in Haiti had ample cause for concern.
The First Chicago Corporation has won a seven-year contract worth some $400 million to develop, install and manage a nationwide electronic tax payment system for the Treasury Department.
And speaking of great characters, you must drop by Main Street News (on Royal Poinciana Way) early in your visit and buy all the local papers and magazines.
"You have a few hard-core.
But we can control widespread commercial violations."
Fortunately, its mottled surface animates this formal geometry.
Dir., Family Planning Advocates of New York State Albany, Nov. 2, 1994
The morning Ms. Pitt and Mr. Mathew were making home visits, they stopped at the basement apartment that a recipient, Ricky Riggins, 37, shared with his mother.
But the judge, Stanley M. Weisberg of Superior Court, let the defense proceed, with both brothers graphically testifying about years of sexual abuse by their father, a wealthy entertainment executive.
Diane Walsh came much closer to the mark in the same program.
The bride, 31, is a senior analyst in the structured finance group at Moody's Investors Service, the bond rating concern in New York.
The Oscar-ready love ballad and the big, gala production number, once so fresh, have become Disney staples by now.
The Democratic Party, the voice of liberalism, performed poorly in early returns, then pulled into third place today with 5.6 percent of the votes counted.
As part of the proposal, Halpern Enterprises, owner of the Tarrytown Corporate Center, would buy Ciba's 12-building campus and convert it into a commercial and residential development, possibly involving 250 units of housing that would include congregate-care homes for the elderly.
If you have a microwave, however, Robert M. Gibbon's invention may make de-icing nearly instantaneous.
Analysts also pointed to fears of a North Korean confrontation with the West over nuclear weapons, and fresh signs that no oil would soon be flowing from Iraq.
Mr. Giuliani also expressed support for the designation of Harlem as an urban empowerment zone, a Federal program under which 10 cities nationwide will be selected to receive $100 million each over two years for job training, drug treatment and social services.
So if this is such a guaranteed success, why did it take nearly 40 years for the opera to receive its first studio recording?
I even have my sneakers on, although back then I wore Keds.
The senior forward Ryan Hunter led Fordham (1-6) with 14.
Now there's a lot of other do-it-yourself labels out there."
With all that going on, her skating flourished, highlighted by her performances in 1991, which included her first national seniors title, the triple axel, the second-place at the world championships and a victory in Skate America, an annual international event held in the United States.
"It may be the worst year," he said, "but in the past there has been less surveillance, so we may just be getting better figures now."
"We've had estimates as high as 700," the chairman of the deer-management committee in the village, Hank de Cillia, said.
Despite the singular challenges it endured, the class of 1994 is like many of years past.
Pardee even said at the opening of training camp that not having Ryan here meant "I don't need as much Maalox on the way to work."
A spokesman for the United Nations force said the convoy had come from Belgrade to the eastern Muslim enclave of Gorazde.
On cross-motions for summary judgment, the trial court ruled for the plaintiffs (respondents here), finding that the statute failed all three prongs of the test in Lemon v. Kurtzman (1971), and was thus unconstitutional under both the national and state constitutions.
Two years ago, after years of unsuccessful talks, the authority started condemnations against the utilities, saying that they did not meet quality standards.
Matthaus's teammates Thomas Hassler and Jurgen Klinsmann waited under the pop-fly pass like center fielders as the Bolivians moved forward.
Thus, Julian Schnabel's clown in a mixture of paint and broken crockery signifies the artist's appearance in the "Homo Sapiens" show of 1982, along with David Salle and others.
Gristina is making a mark with pinot noir.
A3 NEW SERBIAN SQUEEZE ON BOSNIA The Bosnian Serbs are demanding that their ownership of the airport in the capital be recognized, further threatening the city and creating a new challenge to the United Nations over how to respond.
This is not "a steroidal hormone," he continued, adding, "it is a protein hormone that is not passed on in any detectable quantity in milk."
A year later, Tom Grieve became the Texas Rangers' general manager, but he was relieved of that position last week.
Barry Horton, the principal deputy assistant secretary of defense for command, control, communications and intelligence programs, said that he could answer no questions about the project, since "the details of these efforts remain classified."
And whenever I was in a match where I was losing, instead of building myself up toward a level where I was at least playing better at the end than I was when it started, I inevitably only got worse.
"I think a lot of people in the insurance business underestimated just how public the risk-based capital numbers will become, and they underestimated the impact of the rules" on different assets.
"It's been a quiet week in Lake Wobegon," he began, gently fiddling with his microphone as if he were a musician warming up a violin.
Some of the herbal flowers, like spicy basil and lemon thyme, left me with that wide-awake buzz of a great cup of java -- without the heart palpitations.
We know ---- we know right now that police who work the streets, know the folks, have the respect of the neighborhood kids, focus on high crime areas -- we know that they are more likely to prevent crime as well as catch criminals.
By the time the bones, claws, eyes, penis and whiskers reach Taiwan, the value can increase several hundredfold.
And she told her lawyer she was a lesbian in a platonic marriage who had no interest in heterosexual sex.
The second-highest short ratio was in the stock of J. Baker, which owns several shoe-store chains.
The privatization of Telmex in 1990, part of President Carlos Salinas de Gortari's larger plan to modernize the Mexican economy, was one of the largest and most ambitious such efforts ever undertaken.
One worry is that the Haitian security forces may flee, making it hard to recruit a force in Haiti.
"They are certainly not playing up many differences."
Happily, freshwater habitat is the element in the equation of salmon endangerment that people can do the most about.
Does someone who chooses not to read deserve prose care?
He is released temporarily from prison whenever the Assembly sits.
Put another way, they say the odds are that a drunken driver, absent an accident, could make it across the country, coast to coast, without being arrested.
The stink is another matter.
Lawmakers predicted a tough debate.
City officials said Deputy Mayor Ninfa Segarra, who had been at odds with the city's gay-rights groups in the past over her stands while she was on the Board of Education, in this case became an advocate for preserving at least part of the division.
The disqualification came in a freakish fifth round, as Norris had Santana against the ropes.
She said the Board was currently making routine audits of campaign filings and that "we look at anything that needs looking at."
As much as he admired former Presidents Reagan and Bush, Mr. Mas said, "they never took a stand against Castro the way Mr. Clinton has, despite all their rhetoric."
Your conclusion that "To give in to filtration is to concede that New Yorkers cannot strike a sensible compromise between man and nature" is parochial.
"When life is tough you find ways to do things better."
It will initially employ about 40 people.
Rabbi J. Leonard Romm officiated at Tappan Hill in Tarrytown, N.Y.
Most were commanded by remote control from the ground.
The wine list includes Bartlett Estate's Maine fruit wines, as well as a good choice of French and California selections.
A web of rivers, tidal creeks and marshes surrounds and infiltrates Edisto, and there are small outboard boats to rent for roaming or fishing.
Even the Rachmaninoff sounded a bit like Debussy; the work calls for a more gargantuan display of ego -- more of a commanding spirit, demanding attention rather than courting it -- but Mr. Pedroni made a good case for virtuoso playing without a display of virtuosity.
Both G. T. Global funds charge 4.75 percent sales charges.
Ken Schanzer is in a position to care about the division races and the playoffs.
Office hours: Monday through Friday, 9 A.M. to 5 P.M.; (212) 807-0721.
At the time, the documents suggest, being the subject of experiments was counted as one of the expected hazards of military life and training -- not unlike subjecting soldiers to live fire in training exercises -- and was not considered to be human experimentation.
Educational software and computer games is a new category for the company -- but a critical one.
"Spending more money or reducing class size or paying teachers more do not necessarily improve schools," he said.
But Ms. Helfrich said Ms. Pesello would not agree to all the legal elements necessary for a finding of reckless murder.
After discarding names like Strap-Stay and Bosom Buddy, she settled on one for her invention: the Strap-Mate.
Career: Professional football player, the New York Giants, April 1994 to present.
That's more desirable to them than unrestricted free agency after three years."
A grand, climactic on-stage death scene, that's what.
And for at least a week, all the parties, including team architects, will feel the warmth of the pardon.
Ms. Dunaway never formally signed her contract, Mr. Brown said, but she is to be paid for an additional two weeks.
Some of their children ate their first carrots and celery.
We may question whether the psychological processes of an individual can be applied to a group, but the atrocities committed in this century in the name of a nation simply cannot be explained or expiated through the identification and punishment of specific culprits.
"I've put in my time," he said.
In 1992, while the Louvre in Paris renovated its galleries of Near Eastern art, scores of its Mesopotamian masterpieces were exhibited for the first time in New York at the Metropolitan Museum of Art; a smaller sampling was shown at the Smithsonian's Arthur M. Sackler Gallery in Washington.
Is is worth a try?
Downstairs, for $60, one can dance, drink at an open bar and eat hors d'whatevers, starting at 9:30 P.M. P. W. Saxophones and More Gerry Gibbs, Ravi Coltrane, Mark Turner and John Swana, Smalls, 183 West 10th Street, West Village, (212) 929-7565.
He will be teamed again with Jerry Bailey, who is leading the jockey standings at Belmont.
The public interest was served because Jack Dorrance's paintings had never been seen together before."
With Buffalo buzzing around goaltender Martin Brodeur, Devils Coach Jacques Lemaire waited for stoppage in play and wisely called time out.
Eventually Mr. Carp's two sons, Morton and Jordan, took over the business, and it began to evolve into what it is today: stores that sell quality products with service at a price.
Giorgio Armani has gone before corruption magistrates in Milan, the latest figure in Italian fashion to do so.
The rules taking effect on Jan. 1 are only the first stage; the Clean Air Act calls for stricter rules on Jan. 1, 1998, and a third phase, stricter yet, on Jan. 1, 2000.
AT LAST, GIULIANI AND PATAKI MEET After all the bitterness and political comedy of manners, George E. Pataki and Rudolph W. Giuliani met for the first time as Governor-elect and Mayor, offering a display of cordiality, if not a heartfelt pledge to make up and be friends.
Aides say that only a handful of his staff members will truly argue with him: Peter J.
In taking a cautious approach, Mr. Major may be keeping in mind the instinct of then-Prime Minister Thatcher not to touch the idea.
Some of the relationships Mr. Boswell adduces for a world that was once gayer are so intrinsically lively that they manage to overleap his relentlessly scholastic approach: Saints Serge and Bacchus, boon companions (as they would have been called in an earlier time) who were brutally martyred for their religious beliefs in the early fourth century, feature in a vivid -- even lurid -- sacred romance written in the late fourth century.
Illinois Central's shares fell 87.5 cents, to $32.375.
But the importance of the alliance goes far beyond a narrow service.
Eight women and 17 men took part.
He also laughed, perhaps a laugh of embarrassment at the thought.
's OS/2, Apple's Mac OS, and Sun Microsystems Inc.'s Solaris, taking on the appearance and functions of each, as well as the most commonly used operating system, DOS, and its friendlier helper, Windows.
He renounces her and returns home.
's press releases and analyzing the numbers.
While some Senate Democrats hope to increase the amount when the appropriations bill reaches the Senate floor, such changes tend to be very difficult.
Enterprise NCC-1701-D," which allows the user to tour the starship.
Prompt action by the Senate on an honest gift reform bill would expose the House bill for the inadequate response it is.
In a case involving the Virginia Military Institute, the nation's other all-male state-supported military college, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, in Richmond, ruled in October 1992 that separate could be equal.
Her father is a partner in Embix, a chemicals brokerage in Mountain Lakes, N.J.
Everything that makes this artist interesting, moving and problematic is here.
It pounded Georgia by 5-1 over the weekend and will offer Argentina its strongest challenge.
COMMUNITY TELEVISION 100 Cable Way, Suite 2, Staten Island 10303.
*Queens has half of the city's backlog of sewer repairs, but only 32 percent of its maintenance staff.
Sanchez Vicario's victory guaranteed that Spain, which had already made history by sending two Spanish men into this Slam's final, would produce both the men's and women's champions at a Grand Slam for the first time.
It bought a piece of its rival's most senior layer of debt in December, which entitled it to take part in negotiations over the company's reorganization plan.
Only those who committed the most recent crimes would be ineligible for such a pardon.
Those plea bargains to sexual misconduct, in which the defendants were fined a total of $840, drew national attention and ignited outrage among advocates for sexual-abuse victims and in the small talc-mining town of Gouverneur, 20 miles from the Canadian border in St. Lawrence County.
The ad also disappoints me, a liberal professor of constitutional law who worked for the same Dukakis for President campaign that Susan Estrich, one of the ad's signers, chaired.
"Whether it happens or not, it's getting to be kind of old," Saberhagen said.
At mid-afternoon yesterday, the couple -- Debra Rosakow, 29, of Brooklyn, and Hassan Hamid, 40, of Jersey City, whom the police described as girlfriend and boyfriend -- left the station house on Lawrence Avenue in the Parkville section after hours of interviews by detectives.
One area where researchers hope to increase understanding is why some diseases are more prevalent among certain groups.
"They outnumber their adversaries two- to four-to-one.
Its economic potential had been praised by civic leaders but environmentalists said it would hurt the nearby wetlands.
Why should you ask Democrats in the House from marginal constituencies to vote for the Gephardt bill when in fact the Michel bill may be more politically palatable?
To the Editor: It was inaccurate and misleading to put Fannie Mae in a chart illustrating the biggest users and losers in derivatives ("P.& G. Meets the Derivatives Monster: Chapter 2," Money, Oct. 9).
"I started to see the same physical types," Ms. Porter said of the first reunion.
As a Long Island native, as a longtime Rangers fan who could be seen at many of their games last hockey season, there is not much about New York -- the news media, the frenzy, the intense frustrations of the fans -- that fazes him.
Even with those who survive detection, fidelity cannot always be assumed, since changing masters tends to be addictive.
One of his friends, the writer Claude de Givray, maintains that Truffaut trusted only stories that were true.
But I have to campaign in order to serve the remaining three years of the term."
He used to be a 7-foot center, when he played for the University of Houston and for many of his years here with the Rockets.
"Ray appeared to be a little out of sync at times," Graber said.
Hills currently has about $289 million of long-term debt and $246 million of equity.
Safeguards are certainly needed, but they have to be immunized against legislative repeal.
If that plan collapses, he said, the city would face a budget crisis by June.
He said, 'We want peace.'
It turns out that British trash cans yield not only a more satisfying sound than American cans when you pound on them, but they're also sturdier.
He was born in Neenah, Wis., received a bachelor's degree in 1939 from Boston University and served in the Navy in World War II.
"All I ever said was 'Take a look at my case and if it doesn't stink to high heaven, you can write anything you want about me.'
Nancy Clayton says she is no Archie Bunker.
But to date, only the green herons have decided to raise a brood here, experts said.
And Juliet recently made international headlines when she was revealed to be Anne Perry, a successful writer of mystery novels.
In fact, Mr. Roseberry is 46 years old and a veteran of two wars, Vietnam and the Persian Gulf.
: The Beckoning of Destiny 1882-1928.
He won his fourth consecutive decision and the Braves won for the fifth time in seven games.
The former drummer for the Police has put together his own international band, the Rhythmatists, with members from Spain, Zaire, Cameroon and the United States.
"Oh, I'm used to it," he said, limping off to his car on a knee he injured earlier when he slipped in a rain puddle.
"Real cloak-and-dagger stuff," said a union person, whispering on condition of anonymity.
He was, she said, the kindest soldier that she ever knew.
We need a million acres at least to protect our watershed.
The fire company's backers have said that its closing had caused deadly delays in the response of firefighters to alarms.
"He may buy off Washington with only promises of reform.
"They're putting money into other sports that support their product better than baseball does."
"I don't know anyplace else I would find such incredible things.
Traffic officials have cautioned motorists not to drive into Manhattan.
In a wide skillet, heat olive oil and brown the garlic in it; do not allow garlic to burn.
Beginning in 1991, Mr. Ebner used the fact that registered shares of U.B.S., which could only be voted by Swiss nationals, had the same voting rights as bearer shares, but were trading at one-fifth the price.
FOXFIRE: Confessions of a Girl Gang By Joyce Carol Oates.
To the Editor: Thank you for "China Becomes Theme Park, but Cultural Debate Remains Real" (news article, Jan. 9), on the opening of the Splendid China theme park at Kissimmee, Fla.
Since 1992, refunds on Quebec and Manitoba provincial taxes may be also claimed on the same form.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
"But they're not breaking in somewhere or selling arms.
A defiant and fearless Representative Jack Brooks has spent the last week clutching his lapels, rocking back on his heels and alternately laughing and thundering at his adversaries, who, at this moment, consist of much of official Washington.
One network is going to get lucky.'
b-Included net merger and restructuring costs, net of taxes, of $ 58.7 million, or $ 1.46 a share, consisting of transaction costs, compensation and severance costs, asset write-downs and integration costs.
The price of light crude for September delivery closed at $19.42, up 11 cents on the New York Mercantile Exchange yesterday.
The angry bruise across Marcus Lovett's nose probably wouldn't be there now if he'd been wearing his mask this weekend.
Her mother retired as the vice president of public affairs at Schering-Plough International in Kenilworth, N.J.
She was to have surgery in two days.
In 1991, the runner-up, Gianni Bugno, an Italian, trailed him by 3 minutes 36 seconds; in 1992, Claudio Chiappucci, another Italian, was second by 4:35; last year, Tony Rominger, a Swiss, was second by 4:59.
The hotel is replacing its American Harvest restaurant with three private dining rooms called the Harvest Rooms.
Chiapas was the only one of Mexico's 31 states with a governor's race that coincided with the presidential election.
During October, wholesalers' sales increased three-tenths of 1 percent, to a seasonally adjusted $174.93 billion, after falling in September by a revised five-tenths of 1 percent.
"You're not laughing because you're insensitive but because you're in high school and there is peer pressure," he said.
"It was pretty slick and the ground was frozen over and I just happened to lose control," he said.
Jamal Adams led the Lions with 15 points, while J. J. Waterer had 14, C. J. Thompkins 13 and Fred Johnson 11.
"But I suspect," he said, "that there was more concern about jobs at the 35th reunion than the 25th."
As in the fire outside Glenwood Springs, the firefighters were forced to run uphill to escape a wall of flame.
At dessert time, a towering decadent hot-fudge sundae ($3.95) and a tangy Key lime pie ($3.95) with a hand-pressed graham-cracker crust ($3.95) are good bets.
Lower German interest rates would make investments denominated in marks less attractive.
If that is true, said Dr. Minna, restenosis might be prevented by giving angioplasty patients a drug, gancyclovir, that is effective against cytomegalovirus.
Rankings reflect sales figures, for the week ending Jan. 15, at 3,050 bookstores plus wholesalers serving 38,000 other retailers, statistically weighted to represent sales in all such outlets nationwide.
But she was reluctant to go to the shelter, he said.
Despite his putting success today, Reeves attributed his success to a different aspect of his game.
I don't live that way.
Mr. Dahle allegedly forced the student to leave the classroom by pushing him through the classroom door.
She was formerly the secretary of the University of Pennsylvania and the president of the Annenberg Foundation in St. Davids, Pa. His father retired as a consulting marketing representative in Philadelphia for the International Business Machines Corporation.
"I don't know if I want to move to New York," I said.
The mushroom slices, in a smidgen of tomato sauce, were succulent and meaty, but the three sticks of grilled polenta tasted like retreads, hard and tough on the outside, dried out through and through.
and the place he returned to as a public speaker to warn young people like him to be careful.
A12 NEW COLLEGE LOAN PLAN This fall the Federal Department of Education has started a direct loan program intended to cut bankers' profits, streamline procedures and help students predict and organize their debts.
But today he said, "I regret coming here."
The attitude was illustrated at a Rotary dinner in Arnold two years ago when that town's 13 graduating seniors were invited to stand and announce their plans.
We would like to have a list of priorities.
Displeased and sleepy, she and her neighbors gathered in the yard next to hers.
For Troubled Youth DEC. 14 -- Mothers for More Halfway Houses, an organization that advocates help for gifted but troubled youths, will benefit from a cocktail reception from 6 to 8 P.M. at Mortimer's restaurant, 1057 Lexington Avenue (75th Street).
"I don't think I would have been able to deal with these stresses without it," he said.
A new principal, Naomi Hill, who had gained national recognition at Public School 87 in Manhattan, was hired.
In 1991 he was leading the league in receptions as a running back when he nearly lost an eye from an opponent's thumb.
A1 A DEADLY ISRAELI RAID IN LEBANON Israeli planes pounded a training camp of a pro-Iranian group in eastern Lebanon, killing dozens of guerrillas.
But he has begun to feel twinges in his stomach, and some days it is harder to get out of bed.
The deputy, Jeff Stuart, was not allowed to recount what he heard as he sat in the control booth near the jail's visiting area on Nov. 13.
It is the legacy of the Art Nouveau movement, which flourished at the beginning of the century.
That message was delivered most clearly in mid-August, when some mock jurors in Phoenix gave Ms. Clark a stinging rebuke.
More information: Kesher Tours, 370 Lexington Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10017; (212) 949-9580 or (800) 847-0700.
Furniture Exhibition Metropolitan Museum of Art, Fifth Avenue at 82d Street; (212) 879-5500.
Each holder receives one right for five shares held.
Prompted by the explosion of information in the biomedical sciences, by an increasing diversity in class profiles and a desire to foster habits of lifelong learning in their graduates, the veterinary college began work nearly a decade ago to revise the curriculum.
In a scramble to keep the political initiative, Congressional Republicans today provided fresh details of sweeping proposals to cut Federal welfare spending, while Administration officials struggled to figure out how they would pay for the tax cuts promised by President Clinton.
Halliburton had third-quarter earnings of $51.7 million, or 45 cents a share, on revenues of $1.4 billion.
But it was also a question of reviving the flagging southern Croatian tourist industry.
There were some defections from the Liberal Democrats, most notably former Prime Minister Toshiki Kaifu, who moved to Mr. Ozawa's side and got the endorsement of the reform coalition for Prime Minister.
A clinic security guard, Richard J. Sarone, gave chase as the gunman ran from the clinic, situated in a medical office building in a quiet suburban area, but the man wheeled and fired, wounding the guard.
He is very solid for his size.
To help raise that to $1 billion by the year 2000, an elaborate advertising program by Young & Rubicam Inc. and its direct-marketing and public relations affiliates, carrying the theme "Stamps worth saving," has an ambitious goal: convincing Americans to think of stamps as if they were baseball cards, Coca-Cola memorabilia or other collectibles.
At the core of the frustration of many Palestinians lies Israel's refusal to release more of the thousands of prisoners it is holding.
DISTRICT 4 East and West Concourse, Mount Eden, High Bridge, Concourse Village; next meeting Nov. 22, 6 P.M., 1650 Selwyn Avenue, Suite 11A; (718) 299-0800.
He said he stepped down because of the lack of Federal funds for his research.
Congress, by its vote, sent a powerful message that forced new thinking in South African Government and opposition circles.
The recent years of negotiations have also bequeathed South Africa a political culture of patient dialogue and multi-party committees in which heated conflicts are often transmuted into into compromises.
The 28-year-old company is best known for providing venture capital to young, new high-tech American companies that are developing interesting products and for handling the first public stock offerings of such companies as Apple Computer that required capital to grow.
Decades after the live poultry business was virtually eliminated by refrigeration and the passing of generations of European immigrants, the birds have migrated back to the city, catering to the tastes and traditions of more recent immigrants from Caribbean countries and Africa, Asia and South America.
"You need to befriend them so they become an advocate, not an adversary."
The hopes the Serbs place in Mr. Carter seem vague.
Occasionally she'll have a little red wine or a margarita.
STONY BROOK -- Named Beckie Dickinson women's basketball coach.
No Agreement to Meet Mr. Shattuck is hoping to restart the talks and has suggested a meeting in New York during the annual session of the United Nations General Assembly in September, Chinese and American officials say.
Mr. Perry says he was only helping allies by offering to install the top-secret software codes that allow the jammers to foil enemy ground radar, his aides said.
Harry Callahan's 1956 photograph of his wife, Eleanor, seated naked in front of an abstract painting, is paired with a fashion photo by Cecil Beaton from the 1950's of a model in a black and pink dress in front of a Jackson Pollock painted in the same colors.
"It started hurting in Cleveland," said Coleman, talking about his last game.
He is survived by his wife, Margaret; two sons, Kevin and John, and a daughter, Elaine.
In the section on attractions, the book awards stars based on ratings by preschool and grade-school children, teen-agers, young adults, those over 30 and senior citizens, as well as the author's own view.
Without a staunch defense, a quarterback's burden is even heavier.
A Matter of Influence A Role in Decisions As an Ex-Mayor Peekskill officials said Mr. Pataki did not violate local ethics laws, and even in municipalities with stricter codes, like New York City, such transactions fall into a cloudy category, according to experts.
board to a seat traditionally held by a Democrat.
The players, the people who study the game, they know what I brought to it."
Last week The Law Journal reported that as many as 55 more people might soon leave to join the New York office of Morgan, Lewis & Bockius of Philadelphia.
But the stuck truck put the scientists at a fossil lode they might have overlooked.
TODAY'S musical opportunities run the gamut from folk songs to grand opera.
The count was 876 at this time last year.
The New York Stock Exchange composite index closed off 0.79 point, to 256.68, on volume of 292 million shares.
Another student asked if she ever found herself identifying too strongly with her characters.
"She carried on with great honor and dignity."
Mr. Freeman said he was embarrassed to learn that there were no blacks among the top 100 of the 3,400 employees of the authority.
On their own terms, the dancers did fine technically and had the right star projection.
He died shortly before the appellate panel overturned Ms. Michaels's conviction.
Place chicken in a large covered saucepan, and add marinade, ketchup, Pickapeppa sauce and 1/2 cup water.
Kovalev's goal was the first by the Rangers on the power play since Game 4 of the previous series, a seven-game set against the Devils.
The first 100 miles a day are free, with a charge of 20 cents a mile for each additional mile.
How will my new kids react to them?
WITH: Raoul O'Connell (Winston), Anne Zupa (Anne), Kevin McClatchy (Tom) and Greg Lauren (Matt).
Place in Vancouver, British Columbia.
The unemployment rate for New York State rose to 8.2 percent in April from 8.1 percent in March, the department said.
I think you may see my name on that expansion list."
Told that Riley had said he might dig deeper into his bench for Game 7, Harper nodded and paused for thought.
Prior to this time I never had time to reflect on life.
'As Guilty as the Next' The problem has taken years to develop, and Mr. Andrus said, "I'm as guilty as the next person."
Visiting the Montaldo store in Denver last week, Mrs. Herrera saw women veering to offbeat styles, like a wool jacket with a fake Persian lamb skirt.
The institute was founded in 1986 to promote artistic dialogue between Switzerland and the United States.
Again, the best-selling vehicle in America was a pickup truck, the F-series model made by Ford, with sales of 565,089.
USAir executives said that its accidents were not connected and that there was no reason to draw negative conclusions about safety.
One is the circadian pacemaker, popularly known as the biological clock, a brain mechanism programmed by cycles of daylight and darkness.
But don't believe for a moment that there are innocent parties.
"Gaming has changed this coast," he says.
Away From the Corners Mr. Biederman said his groups would require that the multiplex boxes would be placed at locations in the middle of blocks, instead of on street corners.
All the works are premieres by American film makers and many are films rejected by the New Directors series.
Museum and School After more than a year and a half of negotiations, the three-year-old Armand Hammer Museum of Art and Cultural Center in the Westwood section of Los Angeles has agreed to be managed by the University of California at Los Angeles.
Mr. Hussein has answered each setback with more stringent proclamations: He has imposed strict Islamic punishments of amputations of a hand or a foot for thievery, and announced that deserters from the Armed Forces risk losing one or both ears.
I wasn't going to channel my feelings in a negative way, not the way we've been playing."
At the time of the trade, Bagwell was a third baseman with a .333 batting average for Boston's New Britain farm club, and the Red Sox, believing Wade Boggs would hold down third for years, thought Bagwell was dispensable.
Mr. Clinton went back to the Potomac Elders again this year, bringing in Lloyd N. Cutler as White House counsel to replace Bernard Nussbaum, a successful New York lawyer who never seemed attuned to the rhythms of legal practice in the capital.
In a large courtroom crowded with parents and friends of the victims, Mr. Durasante said the attack began when a sedan driven by Mr. Baz "containing an arsenal of weapons" pulled next to the van as it was moving up an entrance ramp on the Manhattan side of the bridge.
That's not the hard part: the 'slider' cannot see where he is going, so he recognizes bumps and turns by memory.
Nightly in the summer, after finishing his role in that show, he would hurry to Central Park to play the fop Osric in the last act of "Hamlet."
But as the days dragged on and the leads ran dry, just as they had repeatedly over the years, some investigators who once spent full time pursuing leads in the case were reassigned, one after another, to other cases.
Branford Marsalis, the band leader on NBC's "Tonight" show, will begin an indefinite leave of absence after Jan. 1, a spokeswoman for the show said yesterday.
Many economists predict that the plan, which Mr. Cardoso devised as Economy Minister, will reduce Brazil's inflation of 45 percent a month to one-digit levels through the end of the year.
"When I began, you'd go to a studio and there'd be three or four people and they'd say, 'O.K., do the movie,' or, 'Don't do the movie,' " Mr. Lucas recalled.
"You hit dark patches, like anywhere else," he said.
Claims like that of Mr. Johns are usually filed to pave the way for lawsuits.
'What We Need Is a Break' "This team has no quit," said Brian Mahoney, the St. John's coach.
The new style and the new setting played well to the crowd, which cheered each roll enthusiastically and groaned at the awkward splits, but maintained the proper quiet as the bowlers prepared for their attempts.
When Izak-el M. Pasha looks south these days from his third-floor office window in the Malcolm Shabazz mosque on West 116th Street, he sees a vacant red-dirt lot strewn with broken glass and discarded toys.
Four police officers were acquitted of assault charges in April 1992 despite a videotape of the beating.
On Friday at 7:33 P.M., 50 members of the cast of this year's production of "Mame" will sing the National Anthem before the New York Mets play the San Francisco Giants.
He did not say when it took place.
Q. Dr. Tingle, in your many years as an expert on sexuality, what is the most common question you have been asked?
C3 Arias by Jessye Norman.
But it stops short of a full-fledged lesbian romance.
Mr. Dixon said CBS's announced tender offer and stock split "created a company much simpler to acquire."
But teams might start reconsidering how and when they go about attempting 2-point conversions after seeing what happened to Dolphins running back Terry Kirby last week on a conversion run.
Executives at Ammirati and Interpublic either declined to comment last week or did not return telephone calls.
transmission plants -- one in Toledo, Ohio, and the other in Warren, Mich., outside Detroit -- have authorized their leaders to call strikes, although they have not set deadlines.
Edward Albee's latest play, "Three Tall Women," has been at the Promenade, a 400-seat Off Broadway theater, for seven months.
Otherwise we are back to Holmes's long-discredited opinion.
The same evening, the composer Morton Subotnick will perform from the Electronic Cafe in Santa Monica, where sensors attached to his body will send signals that activate a disclavier in New York.
New York detectives found him in jail again, this time at Rikers Island, having been arrested on Sept. 18 for allegedly selling heroin on the Lower East Side.
Also free, but delving well back into the musical past, is a concert by Octo Cantabile, the choral octet from northwestern Connecticut singing works by Morley, Weelkes, di Lasso and other composers of the Renaissance.
About 800,000 of its population of 4.4 million, mainly people who consider Russian their mother tongue, live in the Trans-Dniester area.
One day, she wandered by her son's corner.
In January, he settled a dispute with the Internal Revenue Service over almost $7 million in back taxes the Government said he owed from 1978 to 1980.
And Bear In Mind (Editor's choices of books of particular interest) THE COLUMBIA HISTORY OF AMERICAN POETRY, edited by Jay Parini.
In the only match completed during the day session, the top-seeded Stich turned back 21-year-old Patrick Rafter of Australia, 6-2, 5-7, 6-1, in a match that was also delayed a half-hour by rain.
The whole group of visitors, whose ages ranged from 2 to 72, joined the campers on a 90-minute hike and a cookout with hamburgers and potato salad.
The United Nations officials who made the decisions on camp locations are no longer here, but it is easy to understand how concerns about the environment got lost in the crush of humanity pouring into Goma, where cholera struck quickly.
NASHVILLE KNIGHTS -- Placed Mike De Carle, forward, and Stephen Corfmat, defenseman, on the 30-day injured reserve list.
I did not live and die to see 13-year-old boys get automatic weapons and gun down 9-year-olds just for the kick of it.
Any mission would likely be on a relatively small scale.
War -- conventional sooner or nuclear later -- is topic A.
The 47-to-1 vote, far more than the two-thirds majority needed, brought together the Council's Democrats and six of its seven Republicans.
QUEEN MARGOT Written in French (English subtitles) by Daniele Thompson and Patrice Chereau, based on the novel by Alexandre Dumas; directed by Mr. Chereau; director of photography, Philippe Rousselot; edited by Francois Gedigier and Helene Viard; music by Goran Bregovic; production designers, Richard Peduzzi and Olivier Radot; produced by Claude Berri; released by Miramax.
I'm not one of those guys.
She looked back at me once, then again, and picked up her pace.
The rise in long-term interest rates also shows doubt in the market that the Fed's action will stave off future inflation.
The shape of those obstacles may shrink over the next few days, with the weather forecast calling for rising temperatures.
It said the write-off "raises questions as to the severity of the problems of the picture segment and calls for a reassessment of Sony's overall business profile and long-term strategies."
Green won't start Sunday against the Houston Oilers because he missed important practice time, but will play.
They also recognize, as do many Administration officials, that China might make progress on some issues while falling far short on others.
In 1981, he expanded next door with a sleek restaurant that is still serving everything from chitterlings and pigs' feet to champagne.
Another new element was the appointment of John Harrington of the Boston Red Sox as chairman of the six-person committee of club owners and executives.
Mr. Tese said state officials were beginning to feel apprehensive about the "long delays" with which any suggestions were met by Times Square Center Associates, as well as the developers' "inability to really start advancing the ball."
"We're going to stay humble and continue to work hard because that's how we've gotten to this point."
I mean, we're all human.
A jury in State Supreme Court in Manhattan also found that the doctor later falsified hospital records to cover up his actions.
"Instead of just handing them a list, this forces them to balance the effectiveness of the medications with their cost," said Dr. Kevin Schulman, director of the school's clinical economics research unit.
N -- New York Stock Exchange.
Best of all, and most symptomatic of this company's concern for revitalizing its past, was the "Sadko."
In the late 1970's, mid-80's and into the 90's, our enrollments were falling because of that," the Bishop said.
More likely, taxpayers who lack documentation will have to pay some money, but that should end the matter.
Most of the reporters insisted that they only wanted the pictures to send to their mothers.
They contend that many other guns among the 200 million in the nation have the same capacity to kill and that in the end, the only way to stop gun deaths is to control criminals.
There are several potential issues to clarify.
Gone is the tile floor, replaced by floral carpeting.
MOST AUSPICIOUS DEBUT: Silvia S. Ibanez, a sole practitioner and certified public accountant from Winter Haven, Fla., who had never argued an appellate case before she argued her own, a free-speech challenge to a state restriction on advertising by accountants who also practice law.
Add the pecans and the remaining prunes, and stir until the pecans smell toasted, about 5 minutes.
A group of police employees is charging that New York City's antiquated 911 system led to the failure to respond to a fatal attack on one of the Police Department's own emergency communications workers, an advocacy-group leader said yesterday.
More recently, the scientists have begun mastering the art of finding the dime-sized drops of feces that the monkeys deposit in the leaf litter, and they are learning to isolate hormones from the droppings to tell the emotional and reproductive state of the various members of a group.
Thousands of people ran until they could run no farther, some collapsing into sobs.
New Mayor Feels 'Terrific' At the firehouse of Engine Company 160 on Staten Island, the company's cook, Gus Tripoli, greeted Mr. Giuliani with a hug and a kiss, and another firefighter, William Spade, gushed, "I wish him the best of luck in his next 4, 8, 12 years as Mayor."
I own my own home.
He is a true American hero, who fought valiantly for our country in Vietnam.
Equals Combined Analysts said they viewed the merger as a combination of equals.
Tony Stevenson Prince de Bouillon .
But Mr. Cuomo's hand-picked state party chairman, Al Gordon, has sent clear signals by saying that no Democratic county chairman or chairwoman has asked him to give Mr. Sharpton the 25 percent.
It could also strengthen a new generation of more outward-looking, less bureaucracy-bound politicians, like Mr. Hosokawa himself.
The serious energy crunch is largely due to Ukraine's inability to afford the new, world-market-level prices that Moscow, its chief supplier, is demanding for its oil.
"I think because of the fact that we're not in a drought situation, we will probably have a a very good fall color season," Mr. Krugman said.
Financial World just estimated his net worth at a minimum of $12 million.
In exchange for his admission today, the judge in the case, Robert R. Mehan of Orange County Court, agreed to honor an earlier promise to make the sentence of two and a third to eight years in prison concurrent with the sentence for another evidence tampering case involving a 1991 Rockland County carjacking.
He sold off some belongings, packed a bag, grabbed his skateboard and took off on a Greyhound bus from Boston to Texas, stopping in New York and Louisiana along the way.
His subject was the human condition on a bad day.
There was a time when a spiritual journey involved hardship and travail.
But the arrival of the German company has meant saving jobs.
(Loss)Reliance Insurance Group is the largest unit of Reliance Group Holdings Inc.
Challenging Obstacles Entrepreneurs in the research corridor face challenging obstacles.
BERNIE NICHOLLS missed his third game in a row because of a sprained left knee suffered in Game 3. .
Acting on a tip from American customs officials, Polish customs seized more than half a ton of cocaine on Tuesday.
Fast forward to the fifth inning.
And here we have an intact family that's unfortunately suffering from drug abuse from within."
And the layout of batons and pedals conforms to no standard, American or European.
Captain Breslin said: "I wasn't there.
"The community board is supposed to represent us and so far no one is willing to help us through this."
"It doesn't make a difference who's out there.
And so, through Kenneth G. Robinson, a hired consultant and lobbyist, the Bells have lashed out at AT&T, MCI and Sprint, accusing them of being cozy competitors.
But after a few hundred thousand people recover from fatigue and hypothermia, the bigness will loom larger in memory than either the disarray or the corporate aura that hung over the festival from the beginning.
Those Serbs who remain in the Krajina or in Bosnia and are not fighting do not do much.
Additional Plans Mr. Karl said that curtailing bus service is part of a long-range plan that includes beefing up security and enrolling the guards in a new training program run by the state police, as well as hiring local police officers as guards and adding an upgraded $100,000 electronic security system.
Donald B. Mackay, a career prosecutor, is named to head the investigation.
The longest insider trading case from the 1980's ended as a former Merrill Lynch executive agreed to settle charges.
"Yes, we are concerned and we've expressed our concern to him and we're watching this very carefully," said the chairman of one of the major film studios.
Stockton's youngest son, Ronnie, carried his bag on the final round of the Seniors tourney and watched as his father ran away from the competition.
"Certainly people love to be around a star," Mr. Marco said.
Creditors generally were unhappy with Macy's plan, and the company is expected to submit a revised proposal on April 29.
The premieres, spread out over two weeks, were created for the showcase, which is named after a prime donor, the Aaron Diamond Foundation.
Mr. Cohen said that Mr. Devine had repeatedly asked Mr. Conboy for proof of allegations that Mr. Fiorino and Mr. Simon were organized-crime figures, not just relatives of organized-crime figures by marriage.
The most difficult problem is coming up with a strategy, says Jim Hall, situation unit leader for the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection.
"I would have never been able to do it on my own.
Ahda's instruction is rooted in paradox.
It will be up to Kohlberg, Kravis to prove there was value in those cows that others on Wall Street could not see.
The Constitution is for all seasons.
He submits monthly financial reports to Peter C. Sprung, the assistant United States Attorney in charge of the case.
But back at Silverado, it was not at all clear whether cause-related marketing would pay off with more patrons for the club or more money in the garters.
That sounded convincing, but not everybody around the Rangers is convinced.
"Renoir, My Father," published in 1962, is a big, loving biography based on conversations between the painter and his son.
The Silverdome, situated outside of Detroit, has been fitted with natural grass but it also has an unnatural lack of air conditioning.
Mr. Sylvester was arrested in 1989, convicted of burglary and weapons charges and sentenced to two to four years in prison.
It hurt the Oilers when they intercepted Montana in the first half and got only a field goal.
Mr. Gagosian said he hadn't hired a staff yet but planned to open in the fall.
Faith and Charity, both blue-eyed, used to be so identical in appearance that Charity once sent Faith out on a date with one of her boyfriends.
Asimov has one of his central characters a person who looked at long sweeps of history and tried to understand probable patterns of behavior.
A thoroughly nasty man, the editor is duly dispatched in an early chapter.
said Barbara Allen, who has worked at the shelter about a year.
It was a 90-yard touchdown pass with five seconds left in the game; unfortunately, they were trailing by six touchdowns.
Derek Loville, a third-year veteran from the University of Oregon, will replace Carter.
Of this, "Stringybark Creek" is a prize example.
But being in the last year of a contract can work both ways.
"I went to my client and said, 'Get a court order.'
The arts institutions here, even before an infusion of capital from the city, kept the downtown alive, if barely, during the early years of redevelopment, when the streets were torn apart by rail construction and the first wave of new buildings seemed a stage set for a city rather than a city itself.
Peel the pears carefully with a vegetable peeler and pull out the blossom end with the tip of the peeler so the pears will be able to stand up.
Because it's time for a change.
This flight of fancy, bold as it may be, stalls on the runway.
"I don't know if it's fair for an organization to maybe lay off office help but not fair to call up players with large contracts," Lamoriello said.
At the same time, the audience for straight plays at institutional theaters has been increasing.
And MARSHALL FAULK didn't waste any time being chosen as A.P.
Menu listings and prices are subject to change.
"Teachers are working hard, but on the wrong things."
There was Mark Messier's guarantee that the Rangers would win Game 6 and his three-goal performance that made good on his promise.
When not attending graduations he and his wife work out of a basement office in their house in Babylon.
The females are known to seek places to dig their nests and lay eggs between mid- and late June, and the process will be covered in a program at the Greenburgh Nature Center on Saturday at 7:30 P.M. Dean Fausel, the center's senior naturalist, will lead visitors on a tour of the grounds to look for nesting turtles, as well as observing the resident box turtles indoors and explaining the radio-tracking research that the center is engaged in to learn more about turtle behavior.
Jeff George had not thrown an interception in a string of 278 attempts.
But experts say the new acceptance of risk is a reasonable strategy, as the unusually high fixed-income returns of the last decade settle into more historical ranges.
Nicholas Samaras: Beach Concession Stand on Long Island Sound.
Those who were in the store at the time of the fire but not hospitalized were urged by emergency medical workers to go to local hospitals as a precautionary measure because "symptoms can manifest themselves as much as six hours after inhalation," said James P. Kelly, an emergency medical supervisor for the Nassau County Police Department.
At least, that is the impression given by the 21 paintings now at the Newark Museum, and it seems intentional.
But Mr. Castleman asserted that the De-Con company recorded fake payments of about $3 million a year to a shell management company to conceal its profits and avoid paying taxes.
The destruction of windscreens like the giant evergreen wall and the interlocking little pathways of the dwarf conifer collection opened the landscape.
A sportsman himself, Dr. Redler is team physician for, among others, Fairfield's Sacred Heart University, the University of Bridgeport and St. Joseph's High School in his home town, Trumbull.
Coles scored 5 straight points for a 107-105 lead, but a 3-pointer by Glenn Robinson gave the Bucks a 108-107 advantage with 2:52 remaining.
Corruption became visible when the Communist Government, after the cutoff of Soviet and Vietnamese aid in the late 1980's, officially foreswore its doctrine and opened Cambodia to foreign trade and investment.
In addition to breeding Dark Star, Mr. Jones bred the 1967 Oaks winner, Nancy Junior, and the 1988 Breeders' Cup Juvenile winner Is It True.
Today's experience suggests that if a man with limited flying skill could blunder into a near-hit on the President's bedroom with no resistance, then a determined, skilled and knowledgeable assassin could inflict far greater damage.
Asked whether the Fed would raise rates again this year, he replied, "I don't know."
It is "the personal odyssey of a Deaf gay man."
A new study has raised serious questions about radiologists' reliability in reading mammograms and making recommendations about what to do when a suspicious lesion is found in the breast.
Mr. Schow recalls how the experience, especially difficult for him as a Mormon and "the conditioning that comes from our society," eventually taught him "how I had to learn to be authentic and not live my life in fear."
"If everything is successful tonight, the remaining places of detention should be emptied this week," Mr. Couteau said.
-------------------- Family Members Evacuated BELGRADE, Yugoslavia, Feb. 14 (Special to The New York Times) -- The United States and at least two other countries have evacuated the family members of diplomats stationed here out of concern for possible retaliation if NATO fulfills its threat of air strikes on Bosnian Serbs, diplomats said.
"Most people outside Wall Street do not know him.
We're told that in the United States a woman is beaten every 15 or 20 seconds.
We don't need any problems like this.
In this place, Dr. Goldstein opened fire on Muslims prostrate in prayer.
After the split, the quarterly dividend will amount to 45 cents a share.
He said investigators from the District Attorney's office and the police were biased against the accusers, and had fabricated evidence to make the charges appear to be a conspiracy.
to allow a new appraisal and take new bids to see if the cost to Mr. Zuckerman is fair.
Morris, 29, led the Reds in hitting (.335) and five other categories this year.
Remove grouper from marinade and place on a baking sheet or broiler pan.
It is telling people that we did what we said we would do.
To the Editor: Re "The Crows Are Coming, So Prepare," (letter, April 25): I live in Santa Barbara, Calif., sharing my space with the city cleanup crew -- our local crow population.
Ken Caminiti walked to chase Giant starter Salomon Torres (2-5), and Bryan Hickerson came on and gave up a run-scoring single to Luis Gonzalez.
LWT, which has the London weekend broadcast license for the ITV television network, has fought hard to stay independent but failed to find a white knight to fend off Granada, despite attempts to form alliances with other television companies.
Usually, I have to remind myself it is time to go back.
Justice John Paul Stevens joined the central part of the analysis, but wrote a separate opinion to say that the must-carry rules should be upheld without the requirement of further proceedings.
The Tigers' Carlos Rogers is 6 feet 11 inches, 220 pounds and is versatile and quick.
"When you got used to things, it was easier," she recalled.
Only 350,000 of the state's original 4.5 million acres of wetlands remain, said Dr. Micheal Josselyn, a wetlands ecologist.
Advancing stocks outpaced declining issues by almost 6 to 5e on the New York Stock Exchange, where volume climbed yesterday to 307 million from 285.7 million.
" So the store bought much of the collection as suits.
Although Argentina and Nigeria qualified for the second round of the tournament, a reversal of Saturday's result could have significantly altered their seeding and next-round opponents.
And motion is slightly jerky because of the bandwidth limitations of the I.S.D.N.
Yet in only two years, female- and minority-owned companies almost doubled their share of city business, from under 10 percent to 17.5 percent.
Vigilante self-defense units still operate in the townships, although they keep a lower profile now.
"I don't know what we're going to do with the leadership staffs yet," he said.
So much so that the culture has become a deranged tattling of competing alarms in which the operative question is, Which can be ignored first?
"Some people think that Customs is going to pack up and leave," said Maria P. Reba, who is in charge of the agency's enforcement of the trade agreement.
Made alert and precise in rehearsal, novice orchestra players have indeed been learning the virtues of relentlessness, the efficient achievement of pounding insistence.
Tomasso Bouti, an entrepreneur, said he plans to open a restaurant in Manhattan with models and fashion as the focus.
He has financial support here.
While other regional Bell companies have looked to diversify in video and wireless services, Ameritech sees growth in its core phone business and is willing to defend it.
And on the debit side, the editing, writing and occasional slow-motion flourishes are clumsy in the extreme.
By their excellence in performance it is easy to assume that the rest of their lives are equally polished.
Ms. Rivlin's memo lays out the peril: by C.B.O.
"We have to toughen up," said Knicks coach Pat Riley, after the team held a one-hour walk-through in one of the ballrooms of the hotel where the Knicks are staying.
Reeves sounded as if he had already made up his mind, but wanted to sleep on it -- and tell both players before he told the news media.
It was probably just as well.
The commission said it "awaits the appropriate political and governmental action."
Hebib Zecir, a 53-year-old Bosnian Army soldier, stopped for a minute at the site of Mrs. Pajic's death on his way to a nearby market.
"It is worse," said Mr. Jean-Baptiste, "than it ever was under Duvalier."
In a test last week, which confirmed the findings, The Living Section sent french fries from four fast-food chains to an independent laboratory to see how they compared to fries cooked in beef tallow.
The 507-room hotel is being renovated and has only deluxe rooms starting at $160 available during the stock show (standard rate is $135).
Recognition of Israel's formal authority, for now, over the occupied West Bank is central to the pending peace agreement between Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization.
It tumbled down a 10-foot embankment and rolled over several times, crushing one woman to death, critically injuring at least one other passenger and hurting all the others, witnesses to the accident said.
We may contract with insurance companies to set up benefit plans and so forth under this system, or insurers may find a niche in terms of selling policies that go beyond the universal plan.
The company also spends up to five months a year on tours throughout Western Europe, scrounging for hard currency.
Loophole With Heat Still, it is in Congress where the parking law is likely to create the biggest stir.
He credited the proposition for a slight decline in auto insurance rates since 1988, down from double digit increases in previous years.
The book, which Mr. Canetti called "my life's work," was not completed until 1960.
The Senate is more confusing.
made commitments without getting commitments in return.
Meanwhile, just a few blocks north, the Vineyard Theater is presenting the New York premiere of his full-length "Three Tall Women," first done in 1991 at the English Theater in Vienna under his direction.
The reserve relates entirely to third-party expenses associated with the manufacturing of drug supplies and wind-down of clinical trial activities.
Two American companies have begun offering luxury cruises through the Three Gorges of China's Yangtze River.
Knicks center PATRICK EWING underwent arthroscopic surgery on his right knee yesterday at the Beth Israel Medical Center-North Division in Manhattan.
Keenan has plans for a mini-vacation.
Systems Research Institute, now focuses on strategic development and redesign of business processes.
Officer Sherman entered the cubicle area while the other officers were still descending the stairs, Inspector Loesch said.
Dr. Hilfiker's answers do not entirely satisfy his children.
A memorial service for Dr. Yerby is to be held at 3 P.M. on Saturday at the First Parish in Wayland, Mass., a Unitarian Universalist church.
He told Saul and a few other friends that he was going to "go rob somebody."
After years of rejecting this approach, the F.D.A.
Ms. Sawyer, who has just been handed a lot of airtime and the power that goes with it, is in the position to start drawing the line.
Some go to work the crowd, and it's best to leave valuables at home.
Make a well in the dry ingredients and pour in the egg mixture.
That is as strongly as Mr. Gerber goes into the moral implications of white history.
And although there was no promise that he was going to get it this season, he wanted to return.
This situation is not good."
"I'm not going to be an instructor, but they will put me in uniform," said Brett, retired after a memorable 21-year career.
It also said it had pledged to donate money and other resources to education and training programs for South African children, employees and customers; to invest in local schools and recreation sites; to support a mentoring system with South African universities to develop black professionals, and to audit purchasing with the aim of steering a sizable chunk of business to black-owned suppliers.
The number of reported Lyme disease cases dropped 15 percent nationwide in 1993, to 8,185, Dr. David Dennis of the National Center for Infectious Diseases in Fort Collins, Colo., said on Thursday.
The patriarch's lowest moment in the text, described by rabbinic commentators as "a great sin," is when he enters Egypt and tries to pass off Sarah as his sister so the Pharoah will not kill him and steal his wife for her beauty.
Like the lawyers in the case, Mr. Burt has been placed under a court order not to discuss issues related to the trial with reporters.
The afternoon was fading: it was 2:30, and we hadn't seen the main house yet.
The loser, meanwhile, is the credibility of the awards.
Jonathan Hadary is to be the host of the event.
Penn State had been ranked No.
This produces plutonium that can be re-used in power plants or used in bombs.
As he speaks, some listeners begin to whisper.
Mercantile, with $12 billion in assets, has more than 40 banks in Missouri, Illinois, Kansas and Iowa.
"Will it be open to all students?
MidAmerican Energy will likely pay an annual dividend of $1.20 a share, the companies said.
Simms, 38, had one of his best seasons as a pro, leading the Giants to an 11-5 regular-season finish and a wild-card playoff berth.
NBC has two spaces in cyberspace -- the one on America Online, the other on Genie, which is owned by the network's parent company, General Electric.
In this category are a trio of William Blake's woodcuts done in 1821 to illustrate Ambrose Philips's "Pastorals of Virgil"; a suite of engravings of forlorn flowers, by Louise Bourgeois, and a graceful watercolor of a branch of berries, by Charles Burchfield, from 1911-12.
Just as plaids are rich in family and cultural significance for the Scots and the Irish, kente prints, or "African plaid," used by designers like Mr. Walker, are expressions of black heritage.
I reminded him of a Haitian proverb: "The pencil of God has no eraser."
During a typical election cycle, Mr. Blount raises and distributes about $800,000 to state and local candidates.
Loan demand rose and banks were more willing to lend in January as the economy improved, according to a Federal Reserve survey released today.
But how can anyone tell?
On Saturdays and Sundays in the summer, when it is 88 degrees or so in my office, it helps to open the window to let the cooler air in."
graduate with a doctorate in chemical engineering, loves a good fight.
I want to be a part of something with these guys."
Think Fishkill and Binghamton, Trenton and New Britain.
In the last minute, Moten sank four foul shots, Jackson and Autry each hit two, and Jackson slammed home a dunk at the buzzer.
"But he had made me late for the appointment, so I couldn't go that day.
Julie Kent and Paloma Herrera gave a new meaning to brilliant footwork, while Parrish Maynard, their cavalier, dazzled with a crisp classical style.
Hillary Rodham Clinton said the nation "owes a great debt" to Mrs. Onassis.
Setting the stage for a collision between two longtime partners, executives of the Consolidated Edison Company insist they will continue to seek a new power purchase contract with Hydro-Quebec, and the head of the New York Power Authority, which transports the power, called the utility's strategy "weird."
Over medium-high heat, cook all fruit until tender, about 5 minutes.
And so Karolyi is plotting his own final comeback.
Another member said: "When I first came to the Studio I was very pro-Frank; I think he breathed a lot of life into the place.
So, if you're handy with tools, sneak over to your friend's house, measure the windows and make some clear glass shelves for plants.
Unisource said it would use the same technical "platform" as World Partners, which is a system developed by AT&T.
"Of particular interest is the psychological basis for the Turtles' appeal, and whether Turtlemania should be a cause for alarm," wrote the psychiatrist Harvey P. Greenberg at the height of the craze.
And twice, his neighbors and constituents have returned him to office as their tenant representative.
There are no disputes, even minor ones, among the female golfers on the teams from Europe and the United States.
"Unfortunately, budget constraints have made it impossible to continue the program," said Cynthia Michener, a Texaco spokeswoman.
At the Lycee Toussaint, a public school downtown that is housed in a dilapidated wood building and protected with locked metal gates, teachers and administrators helped students get their identification cards on Friday, planning to welcome a new school year on schedule.
That's what I've been doing for the past four or five years."
Mr. Getz, 33, is a vice president at CS First Boston, the investment bank, in New York.
They also offer timely lessons as Mr. Clinton prepares for a State of the Union address tonight that will define his second year and possibly the rest of his Presidency.
Lincoln Center's chairmen have typically had some influence on the center's programming as well.
And in northern Alabama and Georgia, where several storm systems generated between 20 and 30 tornadoes on Sunday, "there was a lot of bad luck," said Joe Wheeler, a meteorologist in the Birmingham office of the National Weather Service.
A plainclothes officer at the station house, who would not give his name, said that the death had been an accident and that no one knew exactly what had happened because hundreds of people had been running away when the man was struck and killed.
He is to have his name attached to an award that is being established by the Shakespeare Guild.
"But I'm never confident enough to think a horse is going to win unless he's at his best."
Christine Todd Whitman took the oath of office today and wasted no time in demonstrating that she intends to set her own agenda, whether or not it coincides with that of the Trenton establishment.
You repeat canards about a "fickle public" and its "passions," asserting that faxes, 800 numbers and talk radio have made politicians "slaves to public opinion."
One looks to him for restorative, sometimes inspired interpretations of the great orchestral tradition.
Now Mr. Giuliani faces a choice: whether to push on with a new Chancellor search, his fiscal monitor in place, or to accede to the intervention of Gov.
Kyle and Mailika argue heatedly about which one of them has the right to ground the other.
The two-heart raise by North was mildly encouraging in the partnership methods, but even so South should simply have bid four hearts.
In this vision, the United States, a unified Europe and the Soviet Union would come finally to an East-West rapprochement, and these stronger nations of the northern half of the world, working together, would help the poorer peoples of the Southern Hemisphere, ultimately bringing peace and plenty to the planet.
Bonds also got a lift yesteray from speculation the Federal Reserve was buying five-year notes for another nation's central bank, said Chris Madell, head trader at First Chicago Capital Markets.
City lovers that we are, we sometimes think of our dwelling as a country house with a long-term lease.
Unlike last week, when Rabbi Schneerson was admitted to the Hospital for Joint Diseases, the mood at Beth Israel was decidedly somber.
"The Socialist Party in Japan was a direct satellite of Moscow" in those years, he said.
"It would be the death of public hospitals in the city of New York."
After he left, Arnie Zane, who had graduated from Binghamton, approached Jones's sister-in-law.
Metro Digest B1 POLICING SCHOOL TRUANCY In an effort to curb youth violence, the New York City Police Department and the Board of Education are planning to round up teen-age truants and force them back to school.
Under the agreement, senior Turkish officials said, Turkey would be allowed to buy for domestic use at least 25 million barrels of crude oil, including the 12 million barrels that have been in the pipeline since the embargo began.
Seven Congressmen asked the Justice Department today to begin a criminal investigation of tobacco companies on a variety of charges, including perjury and racketeering.
Nearly all cable subscribers receive one or more of B Sky B's news or entertainment channels as part of their basic package, and 63 percent pay an additional fee for a movie or sports channel.
But something went wrong and the ladder began to buckle about six or seven rungs from the bottom and twist to the right.
She said the new storefronts would be a blessing.
Unlike work stations and personal computers, which are intended for individual users and can often be purchased for several thousand dollars or less, a minicomputer is shared by many users who gain access to it through desktop terminals and is typically priced from $15,000 to $1 million.
In the first minute of the second half, the Cowboys tied the score on James Washington's 46-yard fumble return.
The police said the teen-agers had refused to tell them where they had gotten the pistol.
"They drill, they practice, they read literature, they read in social studies and science."
But I don't think that's going to happen.
I rushed the document, which was marked "Cosmic Top Secret," to the captain who was, of course, perturbed.
And everyone involved has a greater desire to solve problems, in part because their careers depend on the overall success of the vehicle, rather than that of their particular piece.
The second tier of an angry marriage, Dr. Maslin says, is the "actual marriage" -- the one most people think they are in, the one about which they complain -- and the third is the "invisible marriage," in which unconscious needs lie hidden.
The families ate a diet high either in sugar, saccharine or aspartame.
Jones, who finished second in 1989 and 1990, is not discouraged.
A Magazine Tradition Of all the company's properties, however, it is the Reader's Digest that has star status.
One also wore a windbreaker with a badge of some sort.
"The more technologically complicated you make your presentation, the greater the chances of it going south on you."
Is the New Jersey mosquito the state bird?
Broadacre City seemed to have room for only one kind of person, a lover of democracy, family, order and the agrarian landscape: someone like Wright himself.
O.K., so you figured that "primera base" is Spanish for first base.
I may not be here when the trade deadline comes.
As with the port, most of the country's international traffic will go elsewhere.
Such a savings would easily exceed the $13.8 million the Mayor is trying to cut in the 1995 budget, he said.
"I guess I'm just a morning person."
When done right, the technology can combine true-to-life video images, sound and animation in a multimedia package that both entertains and educates.
His body type is the kind that he can play nose tackle and inside the defensive line for us.
and the Los Angeles County Health Department tested as many of the 18 patients as they could, and found that in every one the virus was identical to that of the surgeon.
Governors are perceived as leaders who act independently on difficult, technical issues like budgets, taxes, investments and pension plans -- issues still defined as male domains.
"We have a very rich extracurricular activities program," said Dr. Monroe.
In 1993 its shares rose by 82 percent, providing paper profits even for the investors who bought when insiders sold in an April secondary offering at $26.25.
Instead, what is at issue are the sites selected for the enormous shafts that rise from the tunnel.
"There is good competition in the class all around the country," said Dellenbaugh.
; five daughters, Susan Ambrosio of Hauppauge, L.I., and Elizabeth Bailey and Mary Diehlmann, both of Copiague, L.I., Barbara, of Seaford, L.I.
The operation, he said, enables a patient once again to "take a deep breath."
I did what I came here to do."
Jack Heany of Jackson Township had witnessed what happened in between, watching horrified while the helicopter spun out of control at 12:50 this afternoon as he was stuck in traffic about 300 feet away, on Paterson Plank Road in North Bergen.
Some 34,800 options to buy Lockheed at $65 a share, expiring on Sept. 16, were traded yesterday.
Walter J. Hickel, who announced last week that he would not seek a third term.
Traders yesterday bid down 27 of the 30 component stocks of the Dow industrial average and 313 of the components of the Standard & Poor's 500.
Buck said: "I'm worried enough about getting our team going that I don't pay any attention to outside forces."
That move also had artistic consequences.
We should have elections this year.
Last spring, Lehman College in the Bronx inaugurated the Apex, a 165,000-square-foot athletic center with an Olympic-size competition pool (shown above), tennis courts, basketball courts and gyms for its 10,000 students.
14 15 3 GAL: A True Life, by Ruthie Bolton.
Among other things, these agencies seek to match children with appropriate families, screen them for counseling and other services, and help place children permanently, perhaps with adoptive parents.
"And I'm not going to change our goals yet.
J. Morton Davis, a wealthy investment banker, had put both his money and his mouth firmly behind Richard M. Rosenbaum's gubernatorial campaign until his phone rang a few weeks ago.
Twice a week, for about six hours each day, she sends her mother to the Alzheimer's Respite Program at the Parker Jewish Geriatric Institute in New Hyde Park, Queens, again paying the $13-an-hour fee herself.
A slump in the airline industry and increasing competition from Airbus Industrie, the European consortium, continued to hurt Boeing, the world's largest aircraft maker.
The paintings in this exhibit are from the Peabody collection and on loan from many other museums, individuals, and family members.
The National Research Council reports that as far back as the 1920's, Indian scientists were studying what farmers had long noted: that neem trees could withstand locust plagues.
OFFICER'S PARTNER TELLS OF SHOOTING The partner of the undercover transit officer wounded in a subway shootout last week has told investigators that the off-duty New York City police officer who mistakenly fired on the undercover officer "was shooting with a vengeance," and appeared intent on killing him.
A More Moderate View The only Republican who expressed a more moderate view on crime was Christine Todd Whitman, the new Governor of New Jersey, who reiterated her support for the new Federal law requiring a five-day waiting period for handgun purchases and said the emphasis should be on prevention.
The Mountaineers were routed by Florida, 41-7, in the Sugar Bowl, and fell to No.
While saying that the actor may indeed have made that request, the executive emphatically denied Variety's report that Mr. Caruso had turned down an offer of $80,000 an episode.
"We are uncomfortable with the board playing that kind of poker with $70 million at risk.
5 AN ITALIAN BANKING POWER Recent moves by the Italian banker Enrico Cuccia have reminded people of the power he holds.35 INDONESIAN BANK SCANDAL An Indonesian banking scandal may expose corruption among Government and business officials.
In it he and his wife, Louise, raised three daughters, Carlotta, Eloise and Felicity, all of whom went to work in museums, too.
It's confusing to me, this idea that the decision has to be based on my basketball life.
I understood why Bonnie was onstage, with her lawyer.
There were even looms in the Coptic monasteries.
In his plays, Mr. Durang has offered audiences some of the nuttiest images in the contemporary theater.
Pope John Paul II, delivering the sermon he would have made had he gone to Sarajevo today, raised an impassioned plea for peace in Bosnia and offered a "kiss of peace" to leaders of the Serbian Orthodox Church.
It didn't take long for Don Shula's warm familial feeling to dissipate.
The maximum yield for an uninsured bond due in 2024 is 6.60 percent.
"We're simply asking if what they are doing is in compliance with the law," he said.
Under the bill moving through the Florida House of Representatives, any person or company seeking computer copies of public records from the state would be charged on the basis of bytes (a byte is a single character, like a letter or number, stored in the memory of a computer).
On health care the trick was easier than usual because the people everybody was out to fool were in on the scam; they were absolutely hellbent on fooling themselves.
Like most Jets fans, Gutman is very upbeat about the club's chances when the season starts, then takes a different view when reality sets in.
The bride, 36, graduated from the California Institute of the Arts.
"They write letters, make promises," he said.
A recent city study said film work added about $1.3 billion to the city's economy in 1992.
"He was a great labor leader and just a wonderful human being and like a brother to me," said Bill Bywater, president of the union.
"THE SCREWTAPE LETTERS," Church of the Advent Hope, 111 East 87th Street, Manhattan.
Police said charges being investigated included murder, attempted murder, motor vehicle theft and various charges under the explosives act.
He said the reforms would safeguard the colony after China regained control.
"You just hope you don't embarrass yourself really," Wickman said, reflecting on the pivotal showdown.
The Columbia/HCA Healthcare Corporation and Healthtrust Inc. said yesterday that the Federal Trade Commission had asked the companies to provide more information before Federal regulators decided whether to approve their $5 billion merger.
"He's part of the national vocabulary."
Although fascinated with psychology, especially the work of Bruno Bettelheim, Truffaut avoided psychotherapy, believing that his art was sustained by his neuroses.
The car was spotted by a police officer, who chased it into a church parking lot.
Here were lean, long navy cardigans and deep V-necked-collared sweaters worn as sweater sets; short, tidy Eisenhower jackets, trim pin-striped suits with short trench coats, the palest pink cotton peacoat and some of the cleanest whites of the season.
Sally Ann Marsh Prince Froglip .
The Eagles did have 395 total yards on offense, but only 78 of that was on the ground.
Now you mouse around with expensive software.
The trouble for the Speaker is that he shares much of the new Mayor's political philosophy and base.
This is wine country: the terraced vineyards ladder the mountainside with tiny steps of green grass supported by walls of black lava.
She was president of the national administrators' group from 1982 to 1985.
You're supposed to do this in the fall, but if you didn't get around to it, just hope you can get out there in March.
This year we're hanging in there and fighting for our lives."
It included staples of New York Arabic nightclubs in the 1950's and 1960's: Eddie Kochak, a Syrian-American who sang humorous songs in English that toyed with Arab-American stereotypes, and Hakki Obadia, from Iraq, who played a short, classical-style taksim improvisation on violin.
Typically, investigators found that the recipients did not live where they said they did, had hidden income or had started receiving other benefits, like Supplemental Security Income, county officials said.
Yet they all, even Mr. Toney, exude what might be called informed optimism.
Ten members of New York's police force have killed themselves this year, equaling the number in 1987, the worst year until now.
Except for the cruciform platform, this might be a temple in India; indeed, Hinduism and its culture came to Southeast Asia somewhere around the sixth century.
Thousands of Houston Rockets fans came to today's seventh and deciding game of the Western Conference semifinals with a banner provided in their morning editions of The Houston Post: "Clutch City."
And there are the visits with his extended family.
To the Editor: Wang Jingkai, a Chinese scholar, wants to study documents on Chinese history for a year at Pennsylvania State University.
Miller closed the 18-year-old plant in October, putting 920 employees out of work.
Lescaut himself was brilliantly danced, as last year, by Robert Wallace.
There were threats of fines and jail terms.
"They'e not in as good shape as in the past.
When the leftist presidential candidate Cuauhtemoc Cardenas visited the national university here not long ago, the turnout was a highlight of his campaign.
But it still imposes stodgy tastes on music fueled by youthful energy; last year, Eric Clapton's lethargic "Unplugged" cleaned up.
United States Representative Major Owens, whose Congressional district in Brooklyn has endured major corruption scandals in three of its police precincts over the last decade, said he is considering subpoenaing leaders of the P.B.A.
(At the house of Yves Saint Laurent, to cite only one example, a suit requires from 80 to 100 hours to make, with 8 hours devoted to shaping the shoulders alone.)
But there has been widespread doubt in the industry that either studio -- and certainly not both -- could ever get a network up and running successfully.
"If the show's not a dead duck, it's not floating very well in the water," Mr. Levinson said on Monday.
Mr. Ozawa opened the concert with a trim, dark-hued account of Schubert's "Rosamunde" Overture.
At 1:30 P.M., Souter was ushered into the Oval Office for a 45-minute meeting with Bush, Thornburgh, Gray and the White House chief of staff, John Sununu, who as New Hampshire Governor had named him to the state Supreme Court but had also preferred David Brock for Chief Justice.
Of more than 1,200 New Yorkers surveyed in all five boroughs, 62 percent favored designating parks an essential service, along with police, fire and sanitation.
His eye had moved elsewhere.
Many employees of the court and related agencies -- bankruptcy judges, probation officers and many prosecutors on the United States Attorney's staff -- work in leased space in nearby buildings in the Brooklyn Civic Center.
I cook on a hot plate."
Ben VanRyn already knows he will not win a job on the Los Angeles Dodgers' pitching staff this spring.
"I was the best camper in the Girl Scouts in Dalton, Ga." NADINE BROZAN
The Bills have won six straight home playoff games.
He completed 10 of 20 passes for 171 yards, including a 51-yard touchdown to wide receiver Chris Calloway; he was intercepted once and sacked twice.
As Charity explains: "We've stayed around where we're from.
B9 Obituaries D18-19 Julian Symons, novelist.
The Clean Air Act of 1990 authorized a market in "pollution credits" -- a utility that finds it too costly to clean up to meet the law can buy from another the right to be dirty.
NATO's Partnership for Peace, which extends cooperation to the former Soviet bloc countries, is thus a marvelous compromise.
Two other sets of skull fragments, called Meganthropus, were found near Sangiran in the late 1970's.
Unlike many of his predecessors, he does not sit on the board of either of the city's top universities, Carnegie-Mellon and the University of Pittsburgh, and he is involved in few civic activities.
Mrs. Kumaratunga has ordered the suspension of a $72 million arms contract signed with Russia in the last days of the old Government, describing irregularities in the deal for armored personnel carriers, patrol boats and other equipment intended for use in the conflict with the Tiger rebels, some of which has already arrived.
Ideas of time and place remain but in simpler terms.
What is John McLaughlin doing, moderating a panel on the subject of Sunday morning?
"Nothing discourages me more than when I see a cop moping around his post, hands in his pockets, hat on the back of his head, literally looking bored to tears," Mr. Bratton said.
plants in North America, Europe and elsewhere in Asia, but G.M.
Must Impede Stokes The Badgers (9-1-1) will focus on stopping the Bruins' passing combination of Wayne Cook to J. J. Stokes.
The movie trivializes mental illness by suggesting that Joon can find happiness once she discovers a quirky mate.
To prepare the chicken, in a medium-size bowl combine the yogurt, mustard, paprika, cayenne, 1/2 teaspoon of salt and pepper to taste.
In an article in The New York Times in 1964, Angela Taylor, a fashion writer, wrote that Mrs. Julianelli "ignored the rule that bare shoes come out only in spring and summer," designing several sandals for the fall, including "one that is virtually nothing but toe."
It taught us lessons that we put to good use later, and it cemented the alliance that has lasted, in most respects, up to this day."
(He is based in London.)
Mr. Gingrich thus reversed Speaker Thomas P. (Tip) O'Neill Jr.'s famed axiom that "all politics is local."
Unlike staphylococcal toxic shock, which attacks a disproportionate number of women, the streptococcal form affects men and women in equal numbers.
He has a reputation as an able associate of the departing Democratic leader, George J. Mitchell of Maine, who is retiring from the Senate, and as a deeply committed advocate of health care legislation.
On Saturday night, some fans ended up in a screaming match with guards when they weren't allowed to get close enough for autographs.
And this year he will out-spend Mr. Stockman, who is campaigning mostly via handbills and talk radio, by roughly six to one.
For much of the morning, Mr. Knight, well-groomed in work pants, a light jacket and wide bent-brimmed hat, politely approaches drivers and asks them to help him make ends meet.
Mr. Castro, however, has said that the boat was not seaworthy and the Government boats actually saved lives.
Besides its provocative implications, Dr. Jefferson said, the new experiment is the first example of technology on an atomic scale.
Both the report and the television series said the museum was grappling with such problems as leaking skylights, faulty humidifiers, a malfunctioning climate control system and a burst pipe in a storeroom.
The Mayor, who has championed privatization of city services, said he did not now have plans to move ahead with turning over trash collection to private companies but would do so if the new routes did not produce enough savings.
Race Track Bids Goodbye And at Oaklawn Race Track, where friends said Mrs. Kelley had not missed an opening day in years, the electronic greeting that overlooks the busy Route 7 business strip scrolled the message: "Our deepest sympathies to the First Family.
Rodriguez made his major league debut July 8 at Boston, the youngest player to appear in the majors since JOSE RIJO pitched for the Yankees in 1984.
And it is filled with flowers and plants by Denise and Michael Oppizzi (above), the flower designers of the moment.
DURING the first two years of its operation, the most accurate system ever devised for measuring changes in global sea level has discerned a steady rise of more than three millimeters, or about one-tenth of an inch, a year.
Broadway featured an upscale New York.
One is all too aware that Mr. McPhee is observing from a comfortable armchair distance, and without the firsthand emotional and cultural knowledge of Russia that would make the tale come alive.
A1 Business Digest D1 Science Times C1-12 Clues to the cerebellum's role in human cognition.
That is what happened last night as well when Luciano Pavarotti, Juan Pons and Teresa Stratas joined forces in Leoncavallo's "Pagliacci."
The police said the teen-agers were looking for money to buy clothes and had decided that a gay man would be their easiest mark.
His mother is an assistant to the Eastchester Town Supervisor.
Defiance Continues Today, American officials disclosed that North Korea has kept up its quickened pace.
Jayson Williams shed 20 pounds.
"I Love Trouble" is breezy summer escapism, and taken on those light-spirited terms it is loaded with charm.
Ideally, statisticians want to know that number each year.
The July figures for spending and income generally were in line with analysts' expectations.
Also, several recruiters said that Ernst & Young's decision to prevent the dismissed lawyers from using the computers might create the impression that the firm's legal staff might consider stealing files or client lists.
So Foley, the rookie from Boston College, will be the backup to Boomer Esiason and Jack Trudeau.
He ran the mile and one-sixteenth in 1:453/5 and paid $9.60 for $2 to win as third choice behind Soul of the Matter, the even-money favorite.
A seven-member board has been installed for this year, as well as a three-member advisory executive committee.
Professor Taylor also argued that there are times when it is clearly wise not to enforce the laws of war, such as when the Soviet Union marched into Afghanistan.
"They're surprised if we want to talk about drinking.
Your interview allowed many to see a side of Michael Milken only a few had known ("Michael Milken Fights a Hostile Takeover," by Tom Teicholz, June 5).
He then walked to the television trailer to watch tapes and immediately left the arena without making any public comment.
And she sees them when they're stressed."
"It was an awfully fast count.
Ms. Vieira finds no villains but plenty of disagreement among parents and teachers about which children are being better served.
Dr. Robert Basta of Oyster Bay said although he watched infomercials he had not bought any products.
"This fella's been burdened all his life," Mr. Rodham said slyly, "with a first name that comes from a member of the salamander family."
But among the mass of shirtless young men who gripped their dates while repeating the lyrics, hostility toward the army seemed to be rising.
The only trace is in the photos in the book."
Billings were estimated to exceed $4 million.
"This kind of business is based on relationships," Ms. Ingraham said, adding that the stake Virgin is taking in CMG "gives us the flexibility to build the Virgin team at CMG to fit our needs perfectly."
It don't want no dummies.
Combined Properties was also the subject of legal action today.
membership, a gathering that took place six times within a 14-year period from 1973 through 1987, was unlikely.
IOC Charter at p. 10.
Although the academy employs a steady core of players, none has a contract with the organization.
"Tarrytown is a wonderful, very mixed community with an even more mixed school system," said Kathleen DeFemia, an administrative assistant at Village Hall.
has moved against radon before there are sufficient data for political reasons, including the fact that abatement is home owners' responsibility and does not cost the Government any money.
The announcement came three weeks after the Peoples Telephone Company of Miami called off a $280 million merger with IDB, citing IDB's falling stock price and unsuccessful attempts to renegotiate the merger.
Written by Mark Danner and Peter Jennings; produced by Carole DiFalco, Marianne Keeley and Jon Meyersohn; Mark Atkinson, Adam Mosston and Robin Pogrebin, associate producers; Martin Phillips, senior producer; David Gelber, executive producer.
If you get guessing with him, you're in trouble."
We're trying to turn this into a teaching lesson for the children.
If McNeeley should upset McCall the way McCall upset Lewis, King and Showtime would still come out on top.
The Associated Press buys the photo, and in papers from Queens to Hawaii, her face appears just beside his.
The Justice Department is also investigating whether Mr. Packwood solicited lobbyists to find a job for his estranged wife and thereby reduce any alimony payments.
"She's strong and she's healthy," said her husband and coach, Bob Kersee, "so two events are no big deal."
But the proposal is likely to arouse bitter opposition from the House Hispanic caucus, which unsuccessfully fought an earlier round of reductions last year.
"People can see for themselves who the best in the world is."
Was she too passive with Ford, she wonders.
Ms. van Hamel's line remains as beautiful as it was when she danced the Swan Queen.
It is possible to cover a lot of water from the mouth of the shallow cove at the south end of the pond while wading and fly casting.
Let me assure you that those of us who are working on your behalf are well aware that character assassination is normal in such situations, and must be discounted.
Earlier this week, the Semiconductor Industry Association reported that chip orders fell 2 percent and the book-to-bill ratio fell 4 percent in June from the month before.
Writing, of course, was not alone responsible for his exhaustion.
The drive to Kingston, N.Y., which usually takes from one hour to 90 minutes, lasted three and a half hours because of the heavy snowfall.
"Shogun," set in Japan in the year 1600, follows the adventures of the fictional John Blackthorne, whom the novel presents as the first Englishman to reach Japan.
With a presumed ally in charge of the Federal Government, many liberal groups have seen donations diminish.
Of course, Mr. Ronson could take on partners.
"The major asset we have going in is a cohesive community.
And if the reader prepares brussels sprouts his way, the author writes, "they'll be delicious -- trust me."
"You never leave it at the office," Caleb Koeppel said.
As each scene unfolds, you are asked to make choices, and your decisions influence what happens on the screen.
But Larkin said neither she nor any of her staff recalled seeing anyone fitting Stant's description -- 6 feet tall and more than 200 pounds of muscle -- at the arena.
We were mushy and soft in our exercise of judgment.
Even the little leagues aren't playing anymore."
Mr. Annan said that despite some successful peacekeeping operations, the member nations had not faced up to the need for the money, the troops and the political will that peacekeeping requires.
The Dow ended 16.99 points higher, at 3,865.14.
One factor that has made it easier to argue for tax cuts now is the changing revenue picture.
He warned the Senate Majority Leader, George Mitchell, who tried to pass the Clinton plan in some form, that any attempt to cap overall medical spending would provoke him to open hospitals across the Canadian and Mexican borders.
Mr. Layton made his television debut as a choreographer in 1960 with a Mary Martin Thanksgiving special.
that it might seek to regulate the prices of cable television channels sold individually on an a la carte basis.
Shares of Spectrum were down $1, to $6.3125, in Nasdaq trading of 19.6 million shares.
"The letters convince me I am," I said, full of pride.
But what is the point of warehousing other geriatric prisoners to the end of their lives, with the cost of their imprisonment rising ever higher as they get older and sicker?
The first group tour, from Aug. 15 to Sept. 1, visits festivals in Budapest (minimum of 15 people), Vienna, Salzburg, Interlaken and Lucerne and is called the Five Festival Tour.
The menu includes the restaurant's new peach lemonade.
All those involved in the nation's most expensive beach restoration project, a long-delayed plan to rebuild beaches on New Jersey's severely eroded northern shoreline, refer to the endeavor in monumental terms.
Ms. Bracco entered behind her two daughters, Margaux and Stella, wearing her hair in a bun surrounded by a ring of gardenias.
"If there's an All-Star on this team, it's Charles Oakley," Riley said.
RHONA BORK Lake Success, L.I.
But gradually, in response to clean-air laws and environmentally-minded gardeners, hand-powered push mowers may be making a comeback.
Platinum prices soared amid signs that demand for the metal by the Big Three auto makers was rising.
"Now the Japanese are realizing that despite the yen being at 98, they still have to have a substantial presence in the low-priced car market," said Chris W. Cedergren, senior vice president of Auto Pacific Inc., a consulting firm in Santa Ana, Calif.
The 21 programs offer a mix of animation, interviews, biographical sketches, artists at work and fiction, and include early films by Claudia Weill and Spike Lee.
She wove thin steel into the seams of some of her washed silk dresses and skirts, so the fabric could be twisted into rosebuds or gathered into a bustle.
"The airlines consider the Advanced Automation System essential, but, more importantly, we need assurance that the system will be completed in a timely, cost-effective manner," he said.
"He went about this project in the methodical way that a lawyer would, which is how you get things done," Jim Campagnola, the band's saxophone player, said.
Not Exactly a Surprise Though Courier handled him in straight sets on clay in Monte Carlo, Monaco, last spring, Gaudenzi's recent record suggested that he would be far more than early round fodder.
He showed off his constructions at shows sponsored by a nationwide Erector club.
The reason for this tragedy, you assert on the say-so of your military sources, is that "with bases closing and scaling back in size since the end of the cold war," many posts are attempting to maximize the use of their buildings by "blurring traditional barriers that once separated officers from lower-ranked personnel."
THE thousands of trade shows held every year are among the most mundane of marketing tools.
"She has been the driving force," Mr. Kerrutt said.
Among this year's losers are two types of dinosaurs: the cuddly Barney variety and the terrifying creatures of the movie "Jurassic Park".
By all accounts, the members of the Pi Lambda Phi fraternity at Stevens Institute of Technology are not a particularly rowdy or debauched bunch.
No stranger to controversy, he has already indicated he will seek employment with another team next year because the club has failed to reward him with a new contract.
A Difficult Problem "It's a much more difficult problem than people realize because the goose population has grown so much, and they are a federally protected species so we can't just kill them off," said Karen McGuire, the town's parks and recreation director.
Mr. Carne's last box-office hit, "Les Tricheurs," was made in 1958.
Mr. McGrain is a director of North American and a member of its executive and audit committees, and, Mr. Norris said, was kept fully informed of the company's situation.
The division in his interests goes far beyond mere theory.
Tivoli Gardens has been a summertime tradition in Copenhagen for 151 years, but this year the park's 110,000 colored lights will also serve as Christmas decorations for the first time.
He vividly remembers his hockey initiation.
Ms. Zion's temperature rose to 108 degrees.
Mr. Worner said that, in his view, no further meeting of the United Nations Security Council would be required to order a NATO attack.
"I talk to young people, blacks, who say we haven't gone one inch," Gautt said.
-- Louisiana Tech (29-3) vs. Southern California (26-3).
Clearly rebuffed, he backed over the booth, crushing it.
Increasingly, those who cannot find work on their own are placed into programs that require them to earn their benefits as custodians, groundskeepers and file clerks in government offices -- with an eye toward building their experience in the working world.
And it's known that somehow original records of a list of wanted war criminals on which his name appeared never surfaced during Western inquiries into Mr. Waldheim's past.
To the Editor: "Community Policing, Bratton Style" (editorial, Jan. 31) omits one ingredient vitally important to long-term police effectiveness in New York City: a residency requirement.
ACCORDING to Mr. Wilson, Abele "considered himself above and beyond racial description" and was light skinned.
Mr. Wallace dances with a huge whiskered mask until Ms. Tuttle pulls it up from his face in an embrace.
Mr. Helms expressed regret on Tuesday about the remarks and said he would not repeat his mistake.
Others said some people should be allowed to stay on the rolls as long as they were performing some work.
As in much of Tennyson's best poetry, a silvery note of valediction is often struck by Mr. Auchincloss's sixtyish and seventyish heroes and heroines.
But he said Mr. O'Rourke was not doing enough to keep his pledge to reduce the county work force by 10 percent by the year 2000.
"Foreign Student" is a coming-of-age story that happens to be about racism in America, a choice that creates an unbalanced sensation.
Below the Sahara, where 600 million people live, there are 6,025,000 refugees, the United Nations High Commission for Refugees estimates, including 300,000 who have fled tribal massacres in Rwanda into Tanzania over the past month.
The expansion was in degrees of delicacy and expressiveness, made possible partly by the new capabilities of later instruments.
I watched it disappear into the sea, knotted into my line.
THE HUMAN ANIMAL The Language of the Body The Learning Channel Sunday at 10 P.M. First episode of a six-part series based on the book by Desmond Morris.
But he had to cede the Finance Ministry to his deputy, Alexandros Papadopoulos, on Feb. 25, when his health worsened.
For Ms. Smith, the first step was to apply for legal tenancy, which she was granted in October 1992, after paying $1,000 in back rent.
Nude figures and animals in Ms. Saperstein's three-panel ceramic scene may depict the ultimate garden, Eden, although no apple is visible here.
He had been managing editor of the publication since September 1990.
She is searching for her faithless father, an international jewel thief, through a series of religious want ads calling upon the patron saint of lost causes, St. Jude.
There's no law that says an employer has to provide a pension, but once the promise is made, it's the company's responsibility to cover it.
"No, that's my house, no," he replied.
"The central problem is still tobacco."
"It's an unprecedented opportunity for this region to market itself to the world," Mr. Fritsky said.
Canisius The Golden Griffins (4-4), who play at Portland (5-2) tonight, are still basking in the glow of last week's 72-69 victory over Cincinnati, their first victory against a ranked opponent in 27 years.
Unfortunately, as a result of controversy generated by those who do not understand, nor wish to understand the role and obligations of a lawyer, even one acting as White House Counsel, I now believe I can best serve you by returning to private life.
To the protesters and their sympathizers, the party only heaped insult on injury; it came as the furor over the killing itself had not yet cooled.
But at the Mount Kisco office of the Fathers' Rights Association of New York State, George Telesha Jr., president of the Putnam-Westchester chapter of the state group, said that despite the talk of enlightened attitudes toward custody, during 1993 sole custody was awarded to the mothers in 85 percent of the cases, to the father in 3.8 percent of the cases, jointly 6 percent of the time and 5.2 percent to others like grandparents or foster parents.
Shares of Supermac rose $1.50, to $8, also in Nasdaq trading.
One in 10 hysterectomies is the result of cancer.
The announced phone number was one digit off.
It was the first match of the year for the 35-year-old McEnroe, who is no longer a regular on the tour.
He is David Farahat, 28, an Egyptian-born chef who worked at the River Club in Brooklyn and Le Cygne, Raphael, Brasserie du Theatre and Le Metairie in Manhattan before coming to the Garden City Hotel in August.
After a three-putt at the 16th hole dropped him into a tie with Roberts, and after his failed attempt at driving the green at the 17th netted him a par, he came to the 18th hole thinking he needed a birdie to win.
But the series ran with just one minor cut, he said, and the sensational publicity did wonders for the ratings.
As for an injured or sick adult bird, do not try to treat, feed or keep one on your own, but call the state wildlife agency for a list of authorized wildlife rehabilitators who can give help and advice.
Dudley had reportedly rejected a guaranteed $17 million over six years from the Nets.
"A lot of runners made the decision to run in Fred's memory," he said.
Company executives say there are 2,000 OS/2 programs that take advantage of OS/2's advanced features, like its 32-bit architecture and its multi-processing capabilities.
Tenneco, which is based in Houston, said third-quarter net income rose to $151 million, or 82 cents a share, compared with $111 million, or 61 cents a share, in the corresponding period a year ago.
But the price in Korea could arouse even economic bottom-liners in Washington.
It was my father, Samuel Levine, who when he learned he would have to rely on the permission of his neighbor to drive his car through said neighbor's driveway to reach his garage, decided on an independent solution.
The biggest concern has been to prevent the economy from overheating in the coming months, which could feed inflation next year.
"We want to take away any sense of mystery and replace it with a sense of discovery," Liz W. King, corporate marketing director at Microsoft in Redmond, Wash., said yesterday.
In addition, the Rangers played without Mark Messier, their captain and top center, who missed with a charley horse and is out on a day-to-day basis.
Palitha Pelpola, Mrs. Dissanayake's political secretary, conceded defeat.
About $65 for two with a bottle of wine.
'Positives and Negatives' "Peter is a very intelligent, very articulate person," said Mr. Medavoy, speaking carefully.
He even penned "A Fierce Tragedy in One Act," which featured a New York dowager, Mrs. Van Clausenberg, encountering a character called Young America in a fashionable theater: "What is the orchestra playing?"
Both deals, announced this fall, closed on Wednesday.
But those selling products in Mexico whose components are mostly from the United States could see overall profits suffer, since the drop in the peso's value makes dollar-based goods more expensive there.
Mr. Winkel said that he would use the drug if it increased the average daily production of his cows from 80 pounds a day to 90.
Through he considered himself a "full-time racial activist," Mr. Bruno said he was never arrested for violence, which he said he had disavowed except when provoked.
Two sources are Ronniger's Seeds, Star Route, Road 73, Moyie Springs, Idaho 83845 (catalogue $2), and Nichols Garden Nursery, 1190 North Pacific Highway, Albany, Ore. 97321, (503) 928-9280 (catalogue is free).
In his last novel, "The Year of the Zinc Penny" (1989), Rick DeMarinis gave us a wonderfully evocative portrait of wartime California, circa 1943, as seen through the eyes of a bright, disaffected 10-year-old boy.
"It was so happy here, the plants started setting seed in the second year," Ms. Spindler said, bending over the stocky plants, which have the wide leaves of a horse chestnut.
Static descriptive passages and heavy-handed ironies are redeemed by the power of the final scene as well.
Dr. Donald R. Kusel, the district school superintendent, said the system had been building up a surplus to offset the anticipated loss of revenue from General Motors.
London's Natural History Museum has the second-best -- "but I'm working on it," Mr. Bolton says.
The best thing about Tom Walmsley's overwrought screenplay, which he adapted from his novel, is the genuine passion with which they talk about literature and music.
Rates skidded back down to 6.90 percent, and the Dow charged ahead by 32 points.
The air was bone chilling, but the admiring throngs hardly noticed one afternoon as a blue-eyed Snow White smiled engagingly and the Seven Dwarfs performed their antics, singing the tune every child raised on Disney fare knows: "Hi-ho!
"Normally, there's a net reduction in the number of employees in the post-holiday season," Mr. Fromstein said.
There will be a meeting on Thursday at the Mount Kisco Public Library, and meetings are to be held on March 24 at the Joseph G. Caputo Community Center in Ossining, April 7 at the DiBart Neighborhood Center in Peekskill and April 14 at the Mamaroneck Town Center.
Mr. Murdoch's media holdings string from Australia to Britain, where he controls The Times of London and television interests, to the United States, where his empire also includes TV Guide and The New York Post.
The Lebanese immigrant charged with killing one Hasidic student and wounding three others in a shooting attack on the Brooklyn Bridge suffered from a post-traumatic shock shared by many Arab victims of Mideast warfare and was thus not mentally responsible, his lawyer contended yesterday at the opening of his murder trial.
Before the gain, the company earned $ 8,605,000, or 32 cents a share.
"Whom say the people that I am?"
But the 36-year-old Southampton, L.I., native now is in the car business thanks to the Dodge Open Charity Classic, which awards an automobile to the top three finishers every year.
The firearms bureau will try to trace owners of the newly reclassified shotguns through manufacturers and dealers to notify them of the changes.
The woman had attracted attention about 7:25 P.M. as she was preparing to board Air India Flight 102, which is scheduled to depart Kennedy nightly at 8:10, arrive in London at 7:55 A.M. and continue to Bombay and Ahmadabad, India.
Tabasco Cat ran sixth in the Derby on a rainy track in a roughhouse race but came back to win the Preakness and the Belmont.
"Boston has a team with some young players and some good veterans on defense," said Lemieux, who was the most successful Devil against Hasek with four goals, including the winners in the fifth and seventh games.
Sergei Zubov, who led the Rangers in scoring last season, will probably miss the start of the new season with a knee injury.
Civilization is an independent for-profit magazine published under a 20-year licensing agreement between the library and a limited partnership.
The Prodigy notice, for example, asserts that "Prodigy does not verify, endorse or otherwise vouch for" any message on its Money Talk bulletin board.
At one point, he told an earthquake expert that he did not quite know what questions to ask, but he managed to clarify what the phrase "6.6 on the Richter scale" meant, the effect of the strengthened building standards in Los Angeles, the sorts of decisions rescue workers had to make under heavy pressure and other pertinent points.
Although Perez missed the opening workout for pitchers and catchers because, he said, he had some personal business in the Dominican Republic, he arrived here Thursday night and was teased by teammates today when he strutted through the clubhouse door and shouted, "Que pasa?"
Would you want to live your life like that?"
"One of the others, 'Evening in the Studio,' he finished in November, just in time for the opening."
It's time we had reuse-recycling bins.
He poked his head back out of the bin and into the day.
By the 1970's, however, emery mining slackened.
But abortion foes are up in arms over another clause in the law.
Although a number of states lag in fully meeting the new requirements, the Justice Department says, only California and three other states -- Pennsylvania, Illinois and South Carolina -- are actively resisting the motor-voter law.
Once the 1993-94 term got under way, evidence seemed to mount that Barrett's characterization was no overstatement.
But we had our chances after that to still win the game.
And it could further delay Macy's return from its long bankruptcy detour.
The case was widely reported and was featured on the syndicated television news magazine show, "American Journal."
The key characterizations come for "The Deluge" in the Chester cycle.
Gary Tooker, chief executive of Motorola, and Diane Tooker.
I am not an expert in tying flies, nor do I hope to be one, even though I fashioned my first streamer for trout more than 30 years ago.
Not content with having its products on every supermarket shelf, it also demands the right to make claims about the positive effects of vitamins on heart disease and cancer.
Even while undergoing treatment of some sort, Gooden could challenge the severity of his suspension in baseball's grievance procedure.
During the campaign's first four weeks, according to the board report, the police arrested 13 students and issued court summons to 83 others.
"We consider health insurance as a benefit freely provided to attract people to work for our company," said James Schwaninger, Penney's director of government relations.
Stephen Gerald Breyer was born in San Francisco on Aug. 15, 1938.
b-Included a gain of $ 11,491,000, or 38 cents a share, from the adoption of SFAS 109, and a charge of $ 5 million, or 17 cents a share, for payment to the company's principal buying agent for past services occasioned by the consummation of the initial public offering.
The Borough is a mosaic of caricatures and "types": the schoolmistress, the quack doctor, the minister, the widow and so forth.
"I was second in bonds, third in stocks.
The Boeing Company reported yesterday that its first-quarter profit fell just over 10 percent.
The fact that Mr. Adams went public with such a statement was taken as a sign that he felt that hard-liners on the organization's army council, or top leadership body, were willing to follow the course toward peace.
He joined the Giants last year after seven years with the Broncos and had a career-high 58 catches for 708 yards and 4 touchdowns.
"That's what we have to do; that's what I think we're going to do," said the junior quarterback Brook Berringer, who has recovered from a collapsed lung and will play this week in a Robocop vest as Nebraska unveils an offense previously kept under wraps by his injury.
Surprise Over Timing Myron E. Ullman 3d, the chairman and chief executive of Macy, said Federated's new role as a Macy creditor would have little if any impact on the company.
And in addition to the several competitive Congressional primaries, there are a number of races to watch in the State Legislature.
In the upcoming season, the playoffs can end no later than June 10.
After Mr. Charlap's death at the age of 45 in 1974, Miss Stewart eased her way into commercials and a show business comeback.
With both Mr. Kohl and Mr. Scharping dependent on smaller parties for a majority, much attention was focused on whether the Free Democrats, led by Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel, would beat a yearlong losing streak in state elections and make it into the federal Parliament.
"Preserving the land by helping to prevent conversion to development, which is the purpose of 490, is important to the state," said Marcia Standish, municipal assessment adviser at the Office of Policy and Management in Hartford.
HALLOWEEN BASH, with treats, a costume competition, a haunted ship and game booths.
The new production of Stravinsky's "Rake's Progress" is a perfect embodiment of the atmosphere that has evolved here at the Salzburg Festival since Gerard Mortier took over as artistic director two years ago.
"We've been here longer, and we stay here."
He said the Rangers played a great game.
As a result, the survey's results imply that domestic manufacturers may not be competitive when the market turns down.
From elsewhere in the train, New Jerseyans ranging from Fred Abbate of the Atlantic Electric Company to Adam Zellner of the State Democratic Party made their way through the clamorous cars, making good the train's informal name, the Walk to Washington.
Search Was in Question The report had raised questions about the legality of the search at Mr. Simpson's estate the day after his former wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend Ronald L. Goldman were stabbed to death outside Ms. Simpson's condominium.
The superb opening-day performances against Texas by Wickman and Hernandez and the 10 1/3 innings of one-run relief through four games were distant memories after the fifth game.
Large, say the legal scholars and defense lawyers who point to scientific advances in the understanding of human behavior.
"The decision to expand the house was crazy financially, but it was the first decision I made in my life that was only about me."
Though the budget, now two weeks late, must be approved by the Legislature, Mr. Cuomo said today that legislative leaders had already agreed to renovating the dormitories, in effect giving the green light to the Excelsior School program.
But, Mr. Barstow said, the organization of which he is now the director emeritus, was in the vanguard of those that have fought to protect whales and it is respected worldwide.
Inside the family's apartment yesterday, the 17-year-old cousin, Wendy Puntiel, said she took Yelitza and her own 2-year-old sister, Joselyne, to the supermarket Thursday evening after the toddlers had been inside all day.
Today, Price spent as much time in the sand as many Miami Beach tourists, hitting five greenside traps and one fairway bunker.
This may seem like rhetoric to SoHo regulars who have experienced, say, the loft half-filled with earth by Walter de Maria or Willie Cole's sculpture made of scorched ironing boards, not to mention the pornographic photographs of Jeff Koons.
"Hapgood" is the first of two Stoppard plays Lincoln Center is to present this season.
In a bleak assessment of their Government, 91 percent of the people surveyed in a poll said they had little or no confidence in Washington to solve problems.
Call for meeting location and reservations.
Of course, anybody can toss together a pile of pasta with vegetables, or a vat of chili con carne, for little.
He persuaded strangers to make a personal investment in his team.
Tuesday night, Larry Johnson rained four-letter obscenities at Australian big men.
Ornate elevator doors and heating grates end up as coffee-table tops.
Tillman was in Chicago yesterday to work out for the Bears, a team desperate for a solid running back.
Thanks to Mr. Kingdom, Thomas and Capote will be playing in repertory through Feb. 11.
If it must be a wedding cake, top to bottom, there are deals to be had.
There's just so much your body can take."
In an interview on Thursday, Ms. Breslaw denied that assertion, and criticized the quality of Ms. Lewis's investigation.
The credit card company was able to move so quickly with construction plans in part because of Wilmington 2000, a downtown-development group made up of representatives from the area's most powerful businesses.
Stores like Tower Records are stocking vinyl again, record companies like Mobile Fidelity Sound Lab and Blue Note are making it again, and musicians are championing it as a better-looking and -sounding medium.
He said she had died "with incredible courage and dignity."
But a media expert hired by Democratic candidates said: "We don't do the morphing.
"Even when you think you've got it together you lose it," said a woman who has been caring for 11 years for a husband partly paralyzed by a stroke, and who did not want her name used.
"It was a courageous chance," said Alessandro Costacurta.
Ms. Hermann, who is a vegetarian because she does not like the taste of meat, went off to the butcher to buy a little red meat for him.
Schools were shut down and government offices closed early.
"There is no way that saving money is pork," he told The Spokane Spokesman-Review.
Messier Thwarts Comeback Michal Pivonka, Kelly Miller and Mike Ridley scored for the Capitals, who came back from one-goal deficits to tie the game at 1-1 and 2-2.
One young man, to fulfill his civil service requirement, spent two years helping Turkish immigrants settle in Germany.
His first major purchases, on a $750,000 salary, were a suburban house next to a golf course and a Volvo.
Gross margins for the quarter were 24 percent of sales during the first fiscal quarter of 1994, down from 40.5 percent for the comparable period a year ago.
He merely said: "You've got to stay professional about it.
Mr. Clinton sent American troops as monitors to Macedonia in hopes of heading off ethnic conflict.
Just as important, so can the younger generation of Indians.
There are small refrigerators but no telephones in the rooms.
About a month later, when the tenant returned to court, he said he found that his file was missing.
Before Dr. Blaze began sharing his discovery two weeks ago by circulating a draft research paper to professional peers and Federal agencies -- and well before he shared the information with The New York Times, which reported it on Wednesday -- company executives debated whether the information should be disclosed.
At 2 A.M. yesterday morning, when she realized that her son still was not home, she said, Ms. King considered calling his friend Duran Satterwhite.
Among the better entrees are cassoulet; roast cod with red pepper coulis and garlic mashed potatoes, and confit of duck with green lentils and a chickory-tomato salad.
This Week THE OPEC GAMBIT On July 31, Fehr returned often to a theme that the 28 club owners constitute a cartel.
The blue flames flickered across the frozen swirls of sugar, a joyous reminder of how much fun life can be.
The Marchesa del Poggio, Belfiore's own beloved, is about to marry a Count.
Juries watch programs like this and are ready to listen."
He was asked whether he had discussed the decision with Deputy Mayor Ninfa Segarra, who is also one of two mayoral appointees to the board.
Shawn Burr staked the Red Wings to a 1-0 lead in the second period.
Jim Florio of New Jersey from 1990 to 1994.
Robert Gammon, a physicist at the University of Maryland, was excited with the results of an experiment he was conducting from NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Ala. Dr. Gammon was investigating properties of the element xenon, a gas used in very bright lights, by painstakingly altering the temperature of a sample by 20 millionths of a degree at a time, in an experiment hampered on the ground by the effects of gravity.
The New Jersey court, in unanimous opinions written by Justice Robert L. Clifford, found that the state has an interest in protecting residential privacy rights, as well as access to medical services, the maintenance of medical standards and public safety, even if that means restricting the "peaceful, expressive activities" of abortion foes.
The process was repeated, more or less, in 1992.
"She came to office promising to cut taxes and not do anything else, and she's kept both promises," said Mr. Salmore.
But he added that the bombs are the first evidence that the Bosnians have obtained new weapons since a peace accord between the Muslim-led Government and the Bosnian Croats opened the main overland route to the Adriatic coast.
But almost no one seemed to care.
If we win on Monday night, I'm sure it will ease the wounds."
He despised waking up in strange hotel rooms.
Citing its "no deity policy," Virginia's motor vehicles department denied a pastor's request for GODZGUD earlier this year; both the decision and the policy were reversed.
Unleaded gasoline prices soared also, with the April contract rising 1.27 cents, to 46.09 cents a gallon, while April heating oil gained 0.76 cent, to 45.80 cents a gallon.
Rejecting arguments that his opinion in the Dudley case last year had foreclosed further N.B.A.
Mr. Harper, like many candidates, hates begging for contributions.
"The scale of damage to Jamaican reefs is enormous," Dr. Hughes said in the article, adding that there was "an urgent need" to stop overfishing around Jamaica.
"Everyone expected a lot from foreign investment," said Mr. Demeter, who moonlights at other jobs.
Le Monde said, "Appearing to cave in to the threat of terrorism is certainly not the best way to fight it."
In "Four Weddings and a Funeral," before the coffin of a friend, his lover, Matthew, recites lines from W. H. Auden's achingly sad "Funeral Blues": "Stop all the clocks, cut off the telephone/ Prevent the dog from barking with a juicy bone/ Silence the pianos and with muffled drum/ Bring out the coffin, let the mourners come."
But in recent years, lawmakers of both parties have expressed concern that the agency sometimes seemed more eager to make policy pronouncements than simply to provide information.
Cheryl Kemeny married and settled in Norwalk and teaches voice privately to 45 students.
It's, 'Can I be the best?'
Best-Seller Lists Publishers and authors seem to enjoy few things more than being able to announce that a book is a best seller.
Estimates of a smaller world coffee crop this year and next caused prices to jump to around five-year highs.
During the suspension, Ms. Cytowicz was in constant touch with Mr. Kovalev, who was hard-struck by the decision.
"We've got to stop glorifying poverty and building up the ghetto, and instead provide mixed-income housing and business development to help people work their way up," he said.
"It's all Richard Chamberlain, I'm convinced," Ms. Weissler said of the consistently strong ticket sales, which explains why, despite the bitterness, she said she'd rather extend his contract than have to find someone else.
The editorial positions may appeal to one group of readers, some of them say, while the approach to news may appeal to another.
If an agreement is signed and the Clinton Administration approves, the number of calls between the United States and Cuba could rise to 25,000 a day from the present 100 or so, telecommunications officials said.
But six of the seven can be visited on Sept. 24, to benefit the building fund of the Montauk Library.
KEY ADDITION Bip Roberts returns and could create some excitement in the empty ball park.
Although the juror was not named as a defendant in the civil case, her actions as a supervisor and accusations that her husband had been a Ku Klux Klan member, played a role in matters raised by the suit.
The law also sets up a one-call telephone number that contractors can call to find out the locations of underground utility lines.
After 19 b4, Lautier could not struggle for space with 19 .
Snow and freezing temperatures take their toll on batteries, putting new ones in demand and making them a target for thieves.
It took her word that these outside activities did not interfere with her management of CUNY.
Japan said it would all be accounted for; critics said it showed how easy it would be for any country to make off with several bombs' worth of material under the cover of ordinary "shrinkage" in processing.
Mr. Aronson, 27, graduated from Yale University.
MAKING THE IRREGULAR REGULAR What to say, then, of the cries of genocide, the resistance to the whole idea of curing the deaf?
The costume designer is Anthony Powell.
After they called the desk, the night manager and a security guard appeared and the manager said the police were checking downstairs.
Colonel Conforti said Italian law permitted the immediate seizure of any stolen artwork so identified.
"If our test scores were going up and getting better, why do we need a new superintendent?"
Get-well cards, mostly electronic but also on paper, flooded in.
Gasoline prices recovered strongly from a seven-month low.
Returning to Harvard in 1982, he became a senior lecturer at the Graduate School of Education and co-director of its principals' center, where heads of elementary and secondary schools are trained.
Instead, the U.S. should strongly support independent oversight and make it clear privately that our judgment of the outcome will be decisively guided by the observers' verdict.
"My theory is it won't be over till the fat lady gets high."
Dehere, the former Seton Hall star, finished with 16.
Some 'Axes to Grind' But lawyers for Titan Sports and Mr. McMahon contended that the company had nothing to do with the purchase of steroids by Dr. Zahorian, his distribution of them or the wrestlers' decision to use them.
That "but" implies an unsound temperament, someone possibly a bit harum-scarum, flaky, given to acts that make other members of the firm say "Ohmigawd!"
Illinois's first game in Chicago in 55 years and first ever at Soldier Field attracted 39,472 to the 66,950-seat stadium.
Sniper Fire Hindered Care "Yesterday my child was lying on a table, and there was no one to help her," Mrs. Dzenanovic said, referring to a health center on the west bank of the Drina River in Gorazde.
"We would be doing well if that is the final number," said one New York City school official who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Plus, New York through an infant's eyes.
Some executives with ties to Mr. Tisch described him as less than pleased with this characterization because it implied that he was the one who had let CBS run out of ammunition when, in fact, the company had just announced record profits and had won the prime-time ratings race for a third consecutive season.
In June 1941, Milan Budak, then Croatian minister of education, is on record as stating that Croatia was to be a state of two religions: Roman Catholicism and Islam.
Readers wishing corrected copies of the table may write to the Business Editor, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
director, the local branches of the civil rights group are just too busy to pay much attention.
The bridegroom, 26, was until recently the law clerk to Judge K. Michael Moore of the Federal District Court in Miami.
Unlike other interactive shopping services, Peapod trains its own staff of shoppers and delivery people who receive the orders, select the products and produce, and deliver the orders within any 90-minute period chosen by a shopper.
"We'll just put a 175-pounder against him and see how he does," said SanFillipo, laughing.
"It's not that these people really have 15 personalities," said Dr. Spiegel of Stanford.
No longer do New York hockey buffs, inside and outside the organization, suggest that the Rangers would be better off if they traded Aleksei Kovalev.
09-19-94 The music was notable for its unusual sonorities.
Plans for a viewing area and educational center have been proposed by the South African National Foundation for the Conservation of Coastal Birds, but there is opposition from town officials and homeowners in Simon's Town, who fear visitors will damage their property and the environment.
In contrast, the 27-year-old Manning said he was generally pleased.
They doused Johannes with gasoline and set him aflame inside his house.
To the Editor: Re "Needed: Steady Hands on Haiti" (editorial, July 9): With respect to your comments on Panama's position, I must point out that: * As we lawyers say, to have an agreement you must have a meeting of the minds.
But few other women in City Ballet appear to be interested in choreography.
So said, "a very unimportant individual in the politics of the time.
Ed Koch went from being a reasonably liberal guy to a flag bearer of Reaganite politics in New York in the 1980's.
They have, for instance, bought many of the apartments in the Three Lincoln Center tower.
Indeed 18 of the top 20 declining stocks in the Nasdaq 100 stock index were some of the most famous high-technology companies in the country.
One way to minimize heat was to install a salamander, or overhead broiler, on a column away from the stove.
And that's barely the half of it.
Billings were estimated at $2.5 million.
They included the leasing of what the state said was a rat-infested building for use as a school in an arrangement from which several district officials profited.
* Siegel & Gale, New York, a corporate identity company, formed Siegel & Gale Interactive Communications Group.
Mr. Benjamin said his recommendation had nothing to do with the Sega deal, which he said would have no significant impact, but instead on the strength of the video-rental business and the assumption that a merger between Blockbuster and Viacom Inc. would be completed.
In all, six women were robbed.
It is not just that baseball has become more business than sport.
"He lived at the beach.
He made two more 3-pointers during the next two minutes.
In "Number Five," the stasis was a low, tolling ostinato, eventually topped by a plaintive saxophone melody.
Data Only for Privileged Others have found that the traditionally secretive bureaucracy is not quick to recognize its new masters.
"I loved New York; it's not the greatest place to raise kids," he said.
If they hadn't been happy, the company would not have been happy.
Of course, there are no time records in rowing because of varying wind and water conditions, so no crew "breaks" world records.
This was the last of three performances.
Then she launched into a withering treatise on the course of 20th-century classical music -- a stampede toward impenetrability that pushed her into the figurative bushes.
Seldom did more than two companies bid on a big contract.
Madison Avenue's Role "The main reason the networks are not going to go away is because of the advertisers," he said.
Mr. Samansky, 52, said that in all his years of commuting, he had never been stranded in Manhattan.
Agreements will be necessary to get votes scheduled in the Senate, where Republicans outside the mainstream group have mounted a considerable delaying action.
When asked about the film, Dr. J. Sehdeva, who books and rents the theater, said he was unaware what the film was about.
Others are benefiting from advanced technologies like speech recognition systems, which enable users to create documents and interact with personal computers by voice.
Analysts predict that United States-Brazilian trade will grow steadily in two areas -- computers and tourism.
Because nicotine is eliminated quickly from the body, the longer-lasting cotinine is the more reliable indicator of extent of exposure to smoke, researchers said.
Most recently he specialized in trusts and estates.
Leo Burnett Worldwide, the overseas operation of the Leo Burnett Company in Chicago, said yesterday that it had formed an Asia-Pacific regional management group of three senior executives to oversee offices in 13 countries.
"People didn't want to give Parcells credit for what he accomplished then, but look what he's done with the Patriots.
These plans are believed to involve the deployment of at least two divisions, or about 20,000 NATO troops.
But the commission also recognized the strong biblical and historical basis of the traditional ban on homosexual acts, he added, and "none of us is prepared to ride roughshod over this position."
Instead, the board was told the company would present a revised proposal on April 28, the day before it is scheduled to present the revisions to Cyrus R. Vance, the court-appointed mediator overseeing the negotiations on a plan of reorganization to get Macy out of bankruptcy.
With automobiles now generating about 42 percent of group sales, Fiat's mix of cars and other products and services will remain "rather stable," he said.
L. Douglas Wilder signed into law a measure allowing a person to buy only one handgun each month.
Yet throughout the region that became a war zone last week, the painted symbol of the President's vast anti-poverty program, Solidarity, stood out in town after town, a haunting leitmotif.
Nobu, 105 Hudson Street, TriBeCa, (212) 219-0500.
A relatively recent entry on the city's restaurant scene is the Babylon Grill, which promises and delivers Mediterranean wining and dining at 910 South Alamo, (210) 229-9335, in the King William section.
Normally, the producer of a successful series tries to increase the license fee, so that it can recoup its investment more rapidly.
Trailing, 3-0, early in the third period, the Rangers erupted with a three-goal burst only to watch the Canucks win, 6-3, as the Stanley Cup remained locked inside a room in the Garden catacombs.
A16 PACKWOOD FAILS TO KEEP DIARIES Senator Bob Packwood lost hope of shielding his private diaries from the Senate's Ethics Committee when Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist rejected his plea to keep them secret until a court battle is resolved.
The weekday fee is $250 an hour with a two-hour minimum and a minimum of 70 guests.
That's because soccer is fast, uncomplicated and inexpensive and can be played at a young age and by all sizes.
Shares of Copley Pharmaceutical Inc. tumbled 18 percent yesterday after it said it had been told by the United States Attorney's Office that a Federal investigation of two recalled products could be broadened.
In his first game since Game 5 of the 1993 N.B.A.
One is dealing with straight people, on and off the stage.
Mother: I guess that would be a CD that skips.
All afternoon, aftershocks, some quite strong, could be felt throughout the neighborhood.
b-Included an extraordinary gain on sale of real estate of $ 575,000 in both the quarter and 6 months.
Mr. Walsh says he hopes eventually to produce single-estate chocolates.
Both Bihac and Gorazde have been declared "safe zones" by the United Nations.
The scene was almost like a cathartic picnic, as people sat in lawn chairs before the foul weather began, and the children played games like solitaire and tic-tac-toe.
Through her agent she said: " 'Uncommon Women' was a career highlight.
1 issue the personal protection business is making a killing by associating self-defense with holiday cheer.
The policeman Jack McGarvey on the trail of a serial killer in Los Angeles.
William F. Brown 3d, a spokesman for the New York State Department of State, said the project would result in an expansion of public beaches along Dune Road, where oceanfront property owners have long denied access to beachgoers.
If only she could have gotten a date, she wouldn't have had to act like a man.
I feel like that's the difference in the ball games."
A Summer Special rate that is available through Dec. 10 allows children ages 2 to 5 to stay free of charge.
Gooden lasted through the seventh, when the Phillies finally figured him out.
"Sometimes, there might not be no food in the house.
Whites resisted black migration to Harlem housing, and it was no different with jobs.
New-home sales surged to 8.3 percent, to an annual selling rate of 664,000 in July from a revision of 613,000 in June.
The 1986 legislation that created the Long Island Power Authority specified that if it ever took over Lilco, the authority would have to make payments in lieu of taxes to local governments and payments to the state equal to the taxes that Lilco would have paid.
One can readily understand why Berlioz chose to withdraw it after two performances in the mid-1820's.
Daly hopes that the Nets can stop Charlotte's stretch drive, and he seems to be looking to Walters, Wesley and Williams to contribute more minutes to the effort.
Rolls-Royce Motor Cars is a North American unit of Vickers P.L.C., a London-based holding company.
A doctor at the Benadir Hospital in Mogadishu said that 58 wounded Somalis had been brought there, many of them women and children with severe gunshot wounds, and that 5had died.
But last week, after months of haggling, Euro Disney worked out a deal with Disney -- which owns 49 percent of Euro Disney -- and its creditor banks, giving it more than $1 billion in new capital.
Ms. Sandison, 46, is keeping her name.
He can rattle off the names and calibers of guns as if they were baseball players and batting averages.
Like Bertrand Russell, who, despite later being credited with the slogan "Better red than dead," once told the author over a beer that the United States, while it still had a monopoly on the atomic bomb, should use it on the Soviet Union to get rid of Stalin.
But she does not blame him.
No wonder they are first in the league in goals-against (198) and second in goals scored (277).
He can maintain this strategy for a time.
While many commentators today gave Mr. Berlusconi a victory for media mastery, he scored much lower on substance.
Carlos Alberto Parreira, Brazil's coach, has lost the starting fullback Leonardo to suspension (for elbowing the United States's Tab Ramos in the head), and has tinkered at midfield, especially with Rai, but Brazil otherwise has had a fairly stable lineup.
With no sounding board, they say, these daughters may bottle up their realistic fears that they may get breast cancer, too.
"Given the information in these two reports, it is absolutely critical that the crop insurance reforms pass so that the same kinds of abuses never happen again," said Senator Patrick J. Leahy of Vermont, the Democrat who heads the Senate Agriculture Committee.
At the time, Mr. Packwood was obtaining a divorce and his alimony payments would have been reduced if his wife had gotten a job.
Carmen Cognetta, a vice president for the Institute for Community Living, said: "We've already talked to many people in the community and we're looking forward to working with them.
She moved to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and appeared in a small role in "Idiot's Delight," starring Clark Gable, in 1939.
Christopher Clark, a representative for Forbes who attests to the value of the medium, also cautions that just like the handshake and shoeshine, computer presentations are tools that work only as well as the salesperson using them.
Brigantine lies east of Grassy, Little and Reedy Bays and a maze of endless meadows of spartina grass and tidal creeks.
Schoharie Memorial's experience is being repeated throughout the region as hospitals abandon decades of independence and join networks like Bassett.
One of Mrs. Mukambaraga's sisters, Jeanne, 21, was also killed.
In "Quiz Show," she's Jewish.
Mr. Peterson takes full measure of Lincoln's many sides without giving in to cynical disillusion on the one hand or hero worship on the other.
With the exception of a few patches on some clothes, some bare feet (which to some children saturated with "The Flintstones" may seem quaintly or comically primitive) and a bit of moaning about freedom, the families depicted in Gershom Griffith's illustrations give the impression of being a self-sufficient community of aspiring pilgrims rather than slaves.
Because he is, after all, the champion of many a new death penalty in the crime bill: To show that living treasures are really special to New York, I suggest Mr. D'Amato press for a new law that will make capital punishment mandatory for anybody who kills one.
It is an era when the companies that own most American news organizations are hunting for new multimedia alliances to try to insure that they aren't stranded in the electronic age with no way to get their news to consumers.
If the top tickets to "Show Boat" were $65, the weekly gross at 85 percent capacity would be about $680,000, an $80,000 profit, which would mean the show would need 100 weeks, nearly two years, to break even.
Q: Is there a danger that the needs and wants of individuals will be overlooked as the titans rush to stake claims on the new media frontier?
"There is room," he said, "if they want to negotiate the numbers."
Mr. Fuchsberg, 30, graduated from Harvard University.
John Billmyer's son could not be reached for comment.
The New Music Seminar has three elements that would be the basis for the New Fashion Forum: educational programs with panels, lectures, demonstrations and workshops; a trade show, and the showcase program, a five-night music festival with 500 groups and 30 venues admitting more than 75,000 people during the week.
Come on, the ink's starting to come off that book!"
Advocacy by gay men and the public focus on the urgency of a new epidemic helped draw resources to the treatment of AIDS.
To the Editor: Re your "Looting Student Aid" series (Feb. 2-4): Our accrediting commission accredits about 1,000 trade and technical schools throughout the country, and have been recognized and relied upon by the Department of Education as a "gatekeeper" to the student aid programs you discuss.
"Plazas were very poor bargains for the city, as far as we were concerned," said Mr. Schaffer, the former planning chairman.
"This is not a sure thing, in the sense that they still have to be approved by the board," the network executive said.
"I have urged him to reconsider.
It creates a sense of community.
Key, who is 5-0 in starts after losses this year and 16-3 in his year and a half with the team, was acutely aware of how significant this contest was.
Basketball National Basketball Association ORLANDO MAGIC -- Re-signed Anfernee Hardaway, guard, to a 10-year contract.
A cheap one-day round-trip ticket to Sevenoaks from Charing Cross station, available after 9:30 A.M. from Monday to Friday and all day Saturday and Sunday, costs $7.80.
Fisher's added projections and canopies around the stage have calmed a lot of acoustical hyperactivity.
West could not be expected to hit on a diamond lead, but in the circumstances the heart king, rather than the seven, would have been a good choice.
(All had died of natural causes.)
The world will find out next month.
Even at full length, the Rachmaninoff Second leaves a quarter-hour of space on a CD.
The report also said torture and ill treatment of political detainees occurred in 19 Asian countries, including China and Indonesia, and that hundreds of Government opponents were imprisoned in Myanmar, formerly Burma.
But even before unification, propaganda began giving way to honest scholarship, curiosity to real pride.
The vote on the ban is the second defeat for the National Rifle Association in six months, following House passage in November of the Brady bill, which requires a five-day waiting period before a gun can be bought.
The awards will be presented on Feb. 21 during the association's annual meeting in San Francisco.
Those are insidious proposals and they are still making the rounds in Congress.
They argue that with improved training, expanded tax credits and universal health care most welfare recipients will find jobs on their own.
Then she thought about her life.
JOSEPH DE ROSE The Bronx
Mr. Freund refrains from using the word executive when referring to the company's private dining rooms because, he said, they can be reserved for business luncheons by any company department.
* Luxor Hotel and Casino, Las Vegas, Nev., to GSD& M Advertising, Austin, Tex., to handle its account, previously at Stranger & Associates, Los Angeles.
"You'd walk up to me and say, 'Do you have Red?'
To clear the atmosphere for proper sniffing, a new air-handling system changes the air three times more rapidly than in a normal office building.
said this week that they had some preliminary answers to these questions.
The well-known philanthropist, who died last December at the age of 91, could always spot a phony, whether it was a person or a chair.
Banks accepted the truth of this, and are reluctant to make loans to buildings with more than a certain percentage of renters -- just one more reason why it is necessary to limit sublets.
The insurance gives those bonds a triple-A rating by the rating agencies.
Mr. Andrews said that what has changed most since he began to stage Whole Life Expos around the country in the early 1980's is the greater acceptance of ideas and beliefs once labeled as fringe.
We had enough experience in there."
There is a long and dishonorable tradition of Wall Street analysts knuckling under to pressure from the investment banking side of their firms.
As a New Yorker with chronic medical problems, I have searched long and hard to find personal physicians who do not treat their patients this way.
A two-story, red-brick house on a quiet, leafy street in Flushing is at the center of residents' latest battle to prevent what they perceive as an unfairly burdensome concentration of group homes and other social-service centers in their community.
Then comes the Atlantic 10 Conference tournament.
It wasnay just in the poky that happened I mean Sammy once went to work in a factory for 10 minutes, down in England, and that's the way it was.
During the day yesterday, the Dow fell 67 points, to a low of 3,559.67, extending the correction to 10.5 percent.
As for the strong start, and a bright future, Esiason said, "It's too early to get pumped up with what we've accomplished.
In 1989 he wrote an opinion holding that the State of Massachusetts could regulate parts of the curriculum of a fundamentalist Baptist school in East Longmeadow, Mass., without violating the First Amendment.
Ms. Lawson replied: "I'm afraid I can't help you there.
No one knew if he was going to make it.
Susan Zuckerman, his wife, added that she did not want her children's religious experience to be a burden or a pressure, but rather to be positive.
This is a tribute to the architect, William Rawn, whose firm had not designed a concert hall before, and to the acoustician, R. Lawrence Kirkegaard, who had reworked the acoustics of Davies Hall in San Francisco and helped improve the Carnegie Hall renovation.
When he spots one, his face darkens, his shoulders square, he picks up his pamphlets and strides to the center of the driveway.
They draw a line between Us and Them.
The taste problem is easy to fix.
On the afternoon of Jan. 14, troops and armored personnel carriers sealed off the town of Larba, the scene of frequent firefights with the guerrillas 30 miles southeast of Algiers.
Jack Be Nimble Written and directed by Garth Maxwell; director of photography, Donald Duncan; edited by John Gilbert; music by Chris Neal; production designer, Grant Major; produced by Jonathan Dowling and Kelly Rogers.
Mr. Miller was the founding partner of Miller, Rosnick & D'Amico of Bridgeport and a member of the Connecticut bar for 59 years.
I promise to read the former, and might even read the latter, though that will depend on alternative opportunities."
We don't have the same inspiration, the same goals, the same motivation.
With a stronger actor in the role of Edwin, "Booth" could perhaps achieve the intensity of focus it needs as a two-character work.
Williams had been ranked fourth in the East region and Rochester Tech sixth before the upset of No.
Her stepmother was a freelance writer and editor.
On Friday, President Clinton sent a letter to the leaders of Germany, Britain, France and 10 other industrialized nations to urge them to grant debt relief to Jordan, whose overall government-to-government debt totals $6 billion.
The President has done more than a few things right, but such is his low estate that even the foolproof tonic of a growing economy won't lift his poll numbers.
At Picholine, Mr. Brennan employs eastern Mediterranean "flavor enhancers."
Dr. Kay Scarpetta probes mysteries of a man executed for murder.
"One of them said to this woman, 'I'll burn you with my own hands,' " said Oswin Werner, a policeman from the adjacent city of Weimar, who was interviewed on television.
Some of his political appointees are experienced and well respected, like former Vice President Walter F. Mondale, who is the Ambassador to Japan.
In ruling on several defense motions, Judge Ito said police investigators did not violate Mr. Simpson's constitutional rights in searching his estate and using what they found to obtain a search warrant.
Since 1992, in response to state legislation, at least 8 percent of Nassau County's poorest citizens have signed up with managed-care networks, which rarely refer patients to the Nassau Medical Center, in East Meadow.
By the way, none of the film's droll English characters would ever dream of phrasing anything as vulgarly as that.
"But we did it in a way that we could keep a version free as well," he said.
Legislative leaders and the Governor have reached agreement on this second bill, but neither house has voted on it.
Drug and fraud convictions dominate the Federal system, too; more people are sentenced to Federal prisons for passport fraud than for murder.
"If they have the resources, if they have that magic wand, do not hold it, bring it here," she said.
I think it's interesting that we watch each other so much to gain information.
Beyond the Term 'Marriage' Evan Wolfson, the senior staff lawyer of the Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund of New York, a gay-rights law center, called the ruling a major victory for gay couples because the court "is recognizing that family relationships are not always limited to those who are married or who are otherwise recognized by law."
Teachers referred to problem students as "Haitians" regardless of background.
A11 U.N. VOTE SOUGHT ON HAITI President Clinton is seeking explicit United Nations authorization for any invasion to oust Haiti's military leaders, senior officials said.
The choreographer's tone and style shift so sharply within "Baseball" that he seems to be sharing his dreams with us.
Much warmer weather was forecast for next week.
As early as this week, Japan's leading car makers are expected to announce plans to buy American auto parts in 1995 and possibly beyond.
But it is also a choice with public consequences.
The new measure would go far beyond the Brady law, which requires only that a background check be conducted.
It is an ongoing process."
Making a Link Mr. Waldrep will soon open a second studio near San Francisco, to be near all the computer game companies sprouting up in Silicon Valley.
Mattingly has not played since last Monday in Boston, so the move is retroactive to June 28 and the first baseman is eligible to be activated for the first game of the second half in Seattle July 14.
b-Included extraordinary charge of $ 6.1 million, or 49 cents a share, from debt retirement, in the quarter and year.
The board said the county would, subject to the approval of a bankruptcy judge, make $3.9 million in interest payments on six bond issues.
He is a son of the late Mr. and Mrs. William B. Beeson of Chappaqua, N.Y. His father was a regional sales manager for Diamond Alkali, a chemical company in Cleveland.
While the measure is unlikely to win any sudden Republican converts, it includes pet features taken from proposals made by about a dozen Republicans.
"We had an opportunity to put them away.
"If your property is not selling, partly it's the market," Mr. Schwane said.
Mr. Nussbaum was present at all three of the meetings, and in an atmosphere of tension and recrimination at the White House today there was some talk among White House officials that he might consider stepping down from his post to accept blame for what had gone wrong.
Selective Approach To avoid the pitfalls of repeated amnesty programs, Mr. Wetzler said his department expressed its reservations "rather vigorously" when the idea of a second tax amnesty began surfacing in the Legislature in the late 1980's.
The ceiling, a soaring yellow cone paneled with wooden acoustical baffles, holds players and listeners within one radiant embrace, conferring a sense of ritual at once familial and urbane.
"If the child is still alive, this is an important case," said George Annas, director of the law, medicine and ethics program at Boston University of Medical and Public Health.
Hint: The answers to those questions are not the same -- yet one leads into the other.
General Cedras's show of confidence has to some extent also undermined the economic sanctions imposed on Haiti that were intended to encourage the country's economic elite to move against the military.
Three years ago, retailers white-knuckled over the ordering of any single-breasted jacket with more than two buttons.
Barthman does all the maintenance, which basically means polishing the crystal twice a year.
Severin Beliveau, a former state Democratic chairman, said that Mr. Andrews's only option was to mount a negative campaign.
Housing starts tend to turn down later than the rest of the economy because they result from business decisions made one to three months earlier.
It is actively opposed by the regional phone companies.
Experience, wisdom and continuity are what make a good producer.
The most important piece now is an angular Gustav Stickley sideboard, for which Ms. Streisand paid $363,000 in 1988 at Christie's, the record for Arts and Crafts.
"Willis is dramatically improved," Graber said.
Though Barneys is building a 500-square-foot Vera Wang shop in its Madison Avenue store, her line of 65 pieces is much smaller than other established designers of evening wear.
Stars of the Hour That afternoon, as Mr. Reed's and Mr. Marcano's crews turned their trucks onto Wanamaker Place in Greenwich Village, a pedestrian crossing the street pointed at a small pothole in the roadway and continued walking without looking up.
Since she is apparently trying to foster this relationship, she doesn't say more.
Their union's leaders were unable to reach an agreement over concessions with United's management.
"At best, we'll start to see some improvement in the economy toward the second half of the year."
The stonefly's faltering efforts to use its wings may approximate a transitional stage of evolution that occurred some 350 million years ago, when swimming insects first became fliers.
In February it is scheduled to open at the Center Theater Group's Doolittle Theater in Los Angeles.
"When the fans start to cheer, they stop buying hot dogs," he said.
At the same time, "the Mayor has to realize the Governor is dealing most of the cards."
* First Chicago Corp., is selling $200 million of 6.375 percent subordinated notes due in 2009 priced at 98.886 to yield 6.492 percent through CS First Boston Corp.
"All these young stars think acting's about saying the words," she continued.
The tanning response is initiated by this cutting process, Dr. Gilchrest said.
The researchers found that the lower risk of dying from heart disease was offset by an increase in cancer in those who had more than a drink a day.
Shishi said that about a half-hour before the Feb. 25 attack, Dr. Goldstein's wife called an army duty officer in the security office of the Qiryat Arba settlement, where the Goldsteins lived.
"The President himself," said Mr. Farrakhan, "is actually punking out to the Jewish lobby!"
Way back in training camp before this season, the N.F.L.
The distinction between amateur and professional skating has been impenetrably blurred.
As the squad raced to the scene, sirens carving a path through commuter traffic, an absent-minded businessman returned to the luggage store and retrieved his briefcase, which, it turned out, contained nothing more perilous than a Bible and a laptop computer.
Another neighbor, Alvin E. Anthony, 81, who is a former member of the Jackson, Tenn., All Stars, a minor league team that barnstormed through the South in the late 1920's and early 1930's, said that despite his love of the game, he opposed its being played next door to his home.
The more orderly Senate hearings began inauspiciously.
In all, about 600,000 cubic yards of soil will be hauled to the park by the end of the excavation process in September.
It begins rehearsals on Jan. 10, a lucky date for the playwright, Mark St. Germain.
Iacocca Capital Partners will engage in securities and investment banking businesses from its Los Angeles headquarters and an office in Southfield, Mich. Mr. Iacocca, 69, was Chrysler's chairman from 1978 until he retired.
Mr. Nazzal killed himself and 22 other people in the bus bombing in Tel Aviv on Oct. 19.
The analysis, he said, "is an interactive process," with the authors of the various bills under scrutiny given the opportunity to make changes and have those changes analyzed in turn.
There are 13 different trails on the north shore.
Mr. Ezra said that if he had a vacant storefront available, "I think I could get 10 percent more now than I did last August."
Economists had forecast a $9 billion deficit in January.
The work still has a religious cast in its chordal proclamations, its chorale for four horns, its four-voiced canons.
With Burton (Richard) and Taylor (Elizabeth) one almost forgets the other extravaganza, that of the Queen of the Nile, Caesar (Rex Harrison) and the rest.
His comments were relayed to the news media by White House officials.
The candies are "very successful" and the toy industry "is particularly excited about them," according to David Leibowitz, a toy analyst and senior vice president and director of research for the Republic New York Securities Corporation.
The Horizon headed out to sea, carrying whatever luggage the passengers had left in their cabins.
Associates of Mr. Jackson said the closely guarded settlement was worked out by his two lawyers, Mr. Weitzman and Mr. Cochran, and the boy's lawyer, Mr. Feldman.
You have to stop him," Miriam Goldstein was quoted as saying.
Good music is heard on the stereo.
"Each was carved in a round dowel form with grooves cut into it on each side for the wire.
"Rudy's life revolved 100 percent around that garage, around those men.
Denny's has said that the popularity of Mr. Bohana's soul-food menu helped spur the chain to use a regionalized-menu concept at its 1,504 restaurants as a way to increase generally sagging sales.
The weapons were not supposed to be loaded.
LATE START: Tom Mulvoy hit Jim Gillard with a 50-yard scoring strike in the fourth quarter to erase a 7-0 deficit, as BRUNSWICK (3-0) went on to defeat HOPKINS (2-1), 14-7.
Last year it became the first Argentine company listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
In 1989, Mr. Bruno sponsored legislation that created a regional solid waste authority in eastern Rensselaer County that then hired Mr. Featherstonhaugh's firm as counsel.
Such former college head coaches as Dennis Green of the Minnesota Vikings, Bobby Ross of the San Diego Chargers and Jimmy Johnson of the Dallas Cowboys have recommended that the N.F.L.
Thanks, but no pundit is that powerful.
This hearing, they said, may be the opening of a discussion about the future for cigarettes in the United States.
United States naval forces finished four days of war exercises near Puerto Rico on Saturday and steamed toward Haiti to resume patrols off the coast.
Government officials said that they picked March 27 because it was the earliest practical date for national elections, which under the Constitution must be held on a Sunday.
By Wednesday, Mrs. Clinton had returned to the office after her trip to South Africa to witness the inauguration of Nelson Mandela as president.
"GATT's ratification is not a done deal."
It is the policy of this state that properties of a similar nature within a taxing jurisdiction be assessed at an equal percentage of fair market value.
By the end of the meeting, he's going along with it."
"What we are seeing is the legacy of a whole administration that is now crumbling," a spokesman for the leftist Democratic Revolutionary Party, Ricardo Pascoe, said.
Lemieux one-timed a blistering shot between Hasek's pads and sent the crowd into the delirium.
Nick Anderson had 27 points for the Magic, which played without Anfernee Hardaway, who missed a game for the first time as a pro because of a sore hamstring.
"I expect nothing to stand in my way of playing," Matthaus said.
"The part about Raleigh and the killing of the natives and the dreadful things about the jails never entered," he said.
The 19-year-old Lindros, the Islanders' first-round selection in the 1994 entry draft, surprised many by making the National Hockey League team in his first training camp.
"You've got to feel the balls.
He needed to make par from there, 90 yards short of the hole, but the bad lie prevented him from hitting the shot he needed to hit.
The Bosnian Government is convinced that an open-ended cease-fire without a political agreement would merely cement the Serbs' current territorial advantage.
routed Southern Cal, 101-72, last night in Los Angeles, the most lopsided game between the crosstown rivals since 1968.
Representative Peter King, a Long Island Republican, observed: "By nature I'm an Irish fatalist.
City Councilwoman Ronnie M. Eldridge, a Democrat-Liberal who was robbed at gunpoint at a cash machine in 1991 and was a co-sponsor of a council measure that became the toughest A.T.M.
When the Barons announced Saturday that Jordan wouldn't play, I could almost hear a sigh of relief from the legion of purists among baseball writers who would have had to traipse to Memphis essentially to pay homage to a player who has met, and in many ways, surpassed expectations.
Astros 15, Cardinals 5 Jeff Bagwell and Steve Finley each homered, drove in four runs and scored three times, powering Houston's 20-hit attack against St. Louis in the Astrodome.
"For Japan, long-term relationships are built on a series of ceremonies and rituals that are extremely important, probably more important than 'yes' or 'no.'
Commuter planes typically fly 8 to 10 hours a day, 7 days a week, or about 3,500 hours a year.
If Estonia, after 50 years of foreign exploitation, could do this, why not Russia with its practically unlimited natural resources?
It has been attacked, and Security Council measures have not protected it.
"We will give the Congolese soldiers basic infantry training," Haim Borro, a company official, told Israeli reporters.
But Rivapalacio, in particular, gave conspiracy theorists ample material to work with, even after he was released by a Federal judge for lack of evidence.
Yet despite efforts to placate the doctors, the furor continued, and the committee soon excluded from its program for Congress any proposal for health insurance.
But she said New Jersey had many programs likely to win new support.
It involves the spirit of Cinderella's dead mother, which has entered a tree, and utters a warning to a traveling minstrel.
Could he ever move back, now that apartheid is imploding and elections are coming in April?
Recent CD-ROM promotions at Blockbuster stores indicate that computer owners are gradually becoming more knowledgeable about what titles they can operate on their home systems.
With blacks constituting 30 million of South Africa's 40 million people, it was not just a matter of letting blacks live next door and compete for job promotions.
Mr. Moldovan was a premedical student at the State University at Stony Brook whose family came to the United States seven years ago from Romania and lives in Ridgewood, Queens.
Awaiting the President "From today we will not go to the League or to anyone else," he said, a reference to the Northern League, whose rough-tongued leader, Umberto Bossi, issued his latest broadside against Mr. Berlusconi today, calling him "Berluskaiser" and saying democracy would be jeopardized if the businessmen became Prime Minister.
Not everyone is tortured by ambivalence over how to choose between these two candidates.
The Education Department lags behind all Cabinet departments in staff training, the 1993 G.A.O.
The meaning is "to see if we can improve it," not the opposite, but here, too, an idiom takes over.
And in today's issue of Nature Genetics, two different teams announce yet more evidence of malfeasance among the growth factor receptor clan: in one case, scientists said a mutation in the gene for fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 causes Pfeiffer syndrome, which also leads to the untimely fusion of the cranial sutures, but in addition makes the thumbs and toes very wide.
or its lab ever made the correct diagnosis."
He would later say that had it not been for Mr. Adkins, he would probably have become another laborer in the steel mill that employed his father.
Charlotte N. Montgomery, a pioneering consumer writer, died on Nov. 10 in Amherst Nursing Home in Amherst, Mass., where she had lived since April.
In addition to whatever damage Mr. Gingrich feared the conflict could do to his legislative goals, a dispute over a lucrative book contract holds a special political edge for him.
Kevin Williams, the Cowboys' return man, took the kickoff 87 yards and Smith scored on a 5-yard run that seemed to ignite his team.
The two publications, according to Elizabeth M. Butson, the papers' publisher and Mr. Butson's wife, have a combined circulation of 100,000.
For nearly all its life, Stackpole's -- as it is commonly known -- was in an old building at the corner of Trumbull and Asylum streets.
Seahawks 22, Buccaneers 21 Mack Strong scored on a 7-yard run with 42 seconds left and John Kasay's extra point gave Seattle a 22-21 victory over Tampa Bay before the smallest non-strike crowd in the Seahawks' 19-year history.
It's been weeks since the pride of the city's swimming community actually worked right.
(AP) Green Bay Packers When the Packers signed the free-agent running back Reggie Cobb, the purpose was to take some pressure off their record-breaking wide receiver Sterling Sharpe and their $19 million quarterback Brett Favre.
BJ executives said Carl C. Icahn, the financier, had not yet talked to the company.
Places can be reserved by calling (212) 980-5155.
Fee) SOMERS $294,000 116 Mitchell Road 4-bedroom, 3 1/2-bath, 9-year-old contemporary; wraparound deck, office, pool, tennis, clubhouse; taxes $5,600, listed at $294,500, 6 weeks on market (Brokers: Coldwell Banker; Preferred Realty) CONNECTICUT DARIEN $670,000 246 Mansfield Road 4-bedroom, 4-bath, 39-year-old, wood and brick framed contemporary; dining area, den, eat-in kitchen, family room, balcony, terrace, screened porch, 4.15 acres; taxes $7,532, listed at $697,500, 30 weeks on market (Broker: Preferred Properties) NORWALK $144,000 20 Glasser Street 3-bedroom, 1 1/2-bath, 38-year-old, split-level; fireplace, finished basement, 1-car garage, 0.32-acres; taxes $2,633, listed at $149,000, 58 weeks on market (Brokers: Preferred Properties; Hawkins Realty) RIDGEFIELD $760,000 43 Olmstead Lane 4-bedroom, 3 1/2-bath, 3,133-sq.-ft. 60-year-old, brick and wood-framed colonial; dining room, breakfast room, circular driveway, marble fireplace, in-ground pool, 4-car garage, 4.26 acres; taxes $8,303, listed at $825,000, 1 week on market (Brokers: Coldwell Banker/Schlott Realtors; Homestead Realtors) WESTPORT $725,000 145 Roseville Road 4-bedroom, 3-bath, 9-year-old, wood-frame contemporary ranch; family room, c/a, vaulted-ceilings, 2 fireplaces, 2 greenhouses, 6 skylights, 2-car garage, 1.46 acres; taxes $7,172 (Brokers: Preferred Properties; Prudential Connecticut)
Though Regan appears to spill details of her life as easily as her confessional authors, she's cryptic at first about her own romantic history.
The stock, which surged on Wednesday after Dan Dorfman reported Bally's interest on the CNBC cable channel, closed yesterday at $43.75, up $1.625.
She not only denied knowledge of the calls, but also openly complained that she had become the victim of what she described as "sinister forces" seeking to destroy her.
Telecarts, as BAE calls them, zip around narrow tracks on three levels, sometimes slowing to pick up or dump some battered bags from conveyor belts.
Less is known about the fighting around its walls, but the clues are still there: machicolations were added, arrow slits were widened into loopholes, a floor still opens into an oubliette, a trap dungeon where the enemy or troublemaker was dropped and confined to oblivion.
The board is to make the allegations public at its Jan. 19 meeting, he said.
Milla never became a supermodel.
I think a lot of us are accepting the fact of take what you can get."
His comments echoed other indications from Mr. Solzhenitsyn that he will be critical of the authorities.
The Vanguard fund lost 4 percent though March, compared with a 1.9 percent loss for its peers.
In Pennsylvania, Senator Harris Wofford, a Democrat who had seemed doomed to defeat 10 days ago, has fought back with a television commercial accusing his Republican rival, Representative Rick Santorum, of favoring a delay in Social Security benefits until recipients reach the age of 70.
2.9991523619 Why Do You Think They Call It Floating Point?
Mr. Patricelli said he feared that the employer mandate would "overwhelm us with new costs, regulations and bureaucracy."
But if you bought shares in a fund at various times and paid different prices, you can trim your taxes by selling the highest-priced shares first.
"I think that passes the test of reasonableness," he said.
Soft-Shell Crabs Meuniere With Hazelnuts Total time: 20 minutes 8 ready-to-cook soft-shell crabs Milk for dipping Flour for dredging Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper to taste 2 tablespoons unsalted butter 4 tablespoons sliced roasted hazelnuts 2 tablespoons hazelnut oil 1 tablespoon chives, finely chopped 1 tablespoon parsley, finely chopped 1 tablespoon fresh tarragon leaves, finely chopped 4 lemon wedges.
Strictly speaking, it was not up to the nominating jury to choose a winner; according to Pulitzer rules, the jurors submit up to three names to the Pulitzer board, along with a letter from the jury chairman describing the deliberations.
As a result, even companies like P.& G., keen to purvey a panoply of products, realize they must rationalize their lineups.
"Take a law or medical practice," he said.
To assure that the observing male was not merely responding to indirect cues from the victorious male, whose recent proximity to a female could in theory have aroused him and made him more aggressive and unapproachable, the scientists also did the same experiments without letting male No.
The country shuts down from 1 to 4 in the afternoon, and most Kuwaitis go home, eat a large meal and then sleep before returning to work.
He explains the right way to do it."
It marked the first four-game losing streak during Riley's three seasons as coach.
When he asked how many in the audience had been immunized against hepatitis B, fewer than half said they had, and most of them were younger surgeons.
But the first customers should be drivers who normally approach New York from the Long Island Expressway, as well as Long Island Rail Road riders who now get off at the Long Island City station to transfer to Manhattan-bound subways.
Snow and bitter cold have sent New Yorkers rushing to the video stores, desperate to stock up on tapes and wait out the weather with nonstop triple features.
"They need to look at more structural changes: restrictions on children's television advertising, major campaigns in schools, some of the same incentives that have been used to get people to stop smoking."
IDENTITY: Actor; brother of the actresses Rosanna and Patricia Arquette.
He was also the author of six books on religion.
"It didn't look to me like Penn had anybody who could really stop him.
Even though an electrical fire recently destroyed his home, he remains confident that the house can be repaired.
The monks were costumed as skeletons and hopped grotesquely in the "Dance of the Cemetery Lords."
In other words, if the Mets had a total payroll of $34.5 million, they would fall under the tax threshold and pay no tax.
matzoh brei, pot stickers, nasi goreng, elk-and-eggplant patties.
According to Ernest Hemingway, the poet Gertude Stein found a there there in France with the lost generation after World War I; Winston Churchill, in 1930, called it "a generation shorn by the war."
There is a sense of ageless routine, like a rural village in Europe.
I'm thinking of all the hedgerows and gardens and ponds people have made, all those vibrant edge communities where life seems to flourish with a variety and intensity unmatched in the wilderness or in an old-growth forest.
William Murray, Philip Morris's new chairman, said that his "first message is that all of our businesses are performing well, particularly our two tobacco units."
The National Association of Purchasing Management said its December index rose to 57.9 percent from the previous month's reading of 55.7 percent.
They get cross with us.
Its gross domestic product of more than $1 billion, for example, is about 15 times larger than Zimbabwe's.
The electronic revolution, which swept the vacuum radio tube away 40 years ago, may be about to do the same to the lowly light bulb.
From 1960 to 1965, he was with The Niagara Gazette.
I think mathematics is essential to becoming a contributing citizen.
"He's a very fair but tough manager who at I.B.M.
on whether the disclosure is needed.
"I tell patients: 'My job is to make you as smart as you can be about what's going on with you, so you are able to take better care of yourself.'
He has won an r.b.i.
Saberhagen entered the game concerned with his past three performances.
New orders for transportation equipment of all kinds dropped 9.2 percent for the month, to $37.6 billion, while orders for electronic equipment dropped 5.6 percent, to $21 billion.
The smaller-company Nasdaq composite index fell 0.60 point to 748.11.
And in the playoffs where all things can appear equal, this is an element that can't be routinely defended.
Eugene A. Ludwig, the Comptroller of the Currency, made two new proposals in a letter today to the Federal Reserve, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Office of Thrift Supervision and the S.E.C.
A Hartford resident, he was 79.
Everyone said: "Good idea, let the cameras roll."
He anticipates that renovation, which will cost $800,000 to $1.2 million, will take an additional year and a half.
The man charged in the slaying of Dr. Britton and Mr. Barrett was an abortion opponent named Paul J. Hill, obscure to much of the country before the shootings but already well known to many at Regent Law School and its sister organization, the American Center for Law and Justice.
"People really don't know what was going on.
His 17-yard touchdown pass to Jason Streeter gave Lehigh (3-1-1) the lead for good over Yale (3-1) with 9 minutes 44 seconds left in the fourth quarter.
With nearly 12.4 million participants last year, compared with 3.6 million in 1990, in-line skating is among the fastest growing recreational activities in the United States.
"He made a statement and backed it up."
Riverside is not the only California city where emergency room personnel have reported fumes.
They wanted to look in your garbage.
The issue has been a major irritant in American-Turkish relations.
People would bring their vehicles to him for inexpensive repairs.
PRESIDENT CLINTON went to a white-tie dinner for arts patrons on Wednesday evening and urged them to continue to support the arts at a time when the budget deficit is restricting the availability of Federal funds.
So as the mating dance goes on, many smaller hospitals debate which princely suitor best fits their needs.
A half-portion of creamy risotto loaded with scallops and shrimp hit the mark.
Judge Marquez says he has been outraged for years as he has watched families being torn apart because the nearest such center is 332 miles away, in Big Spring.
The 1993-94 rates will show a reduction.
"But I don't think you can turn 40 years of an organization around in one fell swoop."
In addition, the gratuities those Russians would likely receive from those four people would feed their families for a week!
The misplaced jingoism of the old philosopher found inspiration in a peculiar poetry, the poetry of geographical place names.
He told a crowd of republicans that assembled to celebrate near Sinn Fein headquarters in Belfast today that Britain should release republican prisoners, estimated at between 400 and 600.
This was when I went to court to testify during the first trial.
Which he kind of is.
It could have been Argentine neo-Nazis."
The journalists said that 12 people had been killed instantly and another two died after being taken to a hospital.
But all the circumstantial evidence suggests a sale."
Last month, parks workers sprayed the oils on 15 swings in three parks in Harlem: Jackie Robinson playground at West 152d Street between Edgecombe and Bradhurst Avenues; Fred Samuels playground at Lenox Avenue between West 139th and 140th Streets, and Bill Robinson playground at West 150th Street and Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard.
CENTRAL CONNECTICUT STATE -- Extended the contract of Mark Adams, men's basketball coach, for two years.
Complaints that Agriculture is too cozy with industry interests to provide strong meat and poultry inspection did not begin with Mr. Espy.
I really love you, son.
Among the disappointed were Wendy Sue LeBeau, a real estate broker, and her uncle, Jay Stone.
"But then I think, wouldn't a true animal lover know how bad we feel?"
But then again, he did tell me what he was throwing."
One of the most popular, and broad based, network gathering spots is the Internet Relay Chat service, the cyberspace equivalent of citizens' band radio, where people gather for free-ranging discussions on a virtually limitless array of topics.
"If it's just a few hundred people who can be housed with relatives, then I don't see a problem," said Anthony DeFino, Mayor of West New York, which like Union City is heavily Cuban.
Hurley, 23, the point guard from Jersey City who sparkled at Duke University, threw away several passes during a scrimmage.
Eunice S. Groark, who succeeds Mr. Weicker as the candidate of A Connecticut Party, and a former State Senator, Tom Scott, an even more conservative anti-tax Republican than Mr. Rowland.
Tests found high levels of antibodies to Y. pestis in some humans and dogs, supportive but not conclusive laboratory evidence of recent exposure to the organism.
Duke The Blue Devils were earmarked as the dark horse in the Atlantic Coast Conference, the strongest league in the country, and they may justify their role.
"But it's only going to be for six weeks."
On seeing the school's soccer field, an Italian official said the field was a little too close to the road, which could have been a problem for a team that is seeking privacy during its practice sessions.
Among the cast of characters: an abortion protester and undercover agents from Scotland Yard.
At least 16 Mozart pieces are scheduled, along with another 16 by Beethoven.
Mr. Proctor said that would not mean raising taxes over all, but the Mayor's aides argued that it would have that effect for some properties.
Moreover, the military threat that frightens Eastern Europe is, at worst, years away.
"Magnificent," was the word chosen by Jim Calhoun, the Connecticut coach.
The code could be cracked only by finding the component primes, one of the most mathematically difficult tasks imaginable.
Ronald Perelman, the financier, is seeking a license to buy or control a casino in Atlantic City.
Today, the Government will release revised data for third-quarter gross domestic product, or the total output of goods and services.
Herring had an optimistic, allwelcoming nature.
Other cast members looked like mummies bound by untidy wrappings.
The driver was found slumped behind the wheel of his car at the intersection of Brisbin Street and 97th Avenue, she said.
This is certainly true on the evening news.
"Writing had stopped being fun," said the playwright, who is 41, as he served tea and pastries in his small Manhattan pied a terre (he lives in San Francisco).
Women younger than 50 will thus not be abandoned to the vagaries of their economic circumstance or the level of knowledge of their health-care providers.
On first down, Sanders ran for a yard.
An affiliate of Conseco Inc., a holding company that invests in insurance companies and related financial-services businesses, said yesterday that it had agreed to acquire the Statesman Group in a transaction valued at about $350 million.
Homeless people cause at least one notable fire a month in the subways, though more frequent track fires arise from the debris they leave, Mr. Lebow said.
Breed Technologies Inc., Lakeland, Fla., 3.75 million common shares.
When we discovered oncogenes, we had to spend 15 years figuring out what on earth they do.
Ms. Neagoy said NBC expected to return to the bargaining table soon.
Conspiracy charges are often preferred by prosecutors for two reasons: They can be easier to prove, and the rules of evidence, particularly about hearsay, are different for conspiracy cases and favor the Government over the defendant.
The intensity of his gaze on this particular organism summons other complex longings, and botanical metaphors abound as the author lets one narrative strand lengthen and twine with others.
Third, to lift the embargo now would send exactly the wrong signal at a fragile and pivotal moment in the peace talks.
The cathedral is one of the options.
The tricentennial of Handel's birth drew worldwide attention in 1985, and a bright spot appeared on the horizon about then.
The dialogue often has a hollow ring ("Your guilty soul slipping into the mist").
They expected 200 paying guests and got twice that many.
If Ontario were to block imports from an independent Quebec, for example, "it would break up what has been built over long years and which America takes for granted," said the separatist, Lucien Bouchard, who heads the Quebec separatist opposition in the House of Commons.
In 1993, China produced a bumper crop of wheat, rice and other grains, about 440 million tons.
But I think it's a terrible idea to make people identify with only one element of themselves."
6 67 I KNOW WHY THE CAGED BIRD SINGS, by Maya Angelou.
Still, the show (on view until Jan. 22) can bring on a serious case of period envy.
Knicks Beat Bulls Again Led by Patrick Ewing and Anthony Mason, the Knicks defeated Chicago, 96-91, to take a lead of 2 games to 0 in their N.B.A.
Profitable Weekend Thus over the weekend, New Jersey knocked off the teams above and below it in the Eastern Conference playoff race back to back, moved three games over .500 and firmly back into the playoff hunt.
Relying on these weaknesses, panderers manipulate, exploit and degrade their prostitutes.
They lived in the shadow of the great reptiles, subsisting mainly on insects.
Ten guards at the Westchester County Jail were charged today with smuggling food, vodka, cash and what they thought was cocaine to prisoners in exchange for bribes of up to $1,000 and favors like a trip to Atlantic City.
But Battaglia wasn't figuring Devil His Due to be that lucky.
Beyond this initiative, the Administration has under development a comprehensive strategy to increase exports of environmental products and services and to develop innovative environmental technologies.
But the media and the public get on you.
If the National Party wins here, the ignominy for Mr. Mandela's local supporters in the African National Congress would be personified by the survival in power of Hernus Kriel, the current Minister of Law and Order in the National Party Government.
The Trashing of Space So many spent rocket stages and other pieces of debris are orbiting the Earth that they put satellites at risk, experts say.
Mr. Westergaard's piece, in any case, is an opera serving a play rather than a play serving an opera.
Last January, Cooper was convicted of six counts of mail fraud and one count of wire fraud, related to the insider trading by Mr. Singer.
His mother is a private art dealer.
The term "Catholic hospital" suggests substantial financial support from the church, a charity institution paid for with coins from the collection basket.
Following a heart transplant operation, a television host finds her life enriched -- and threatened.
Despite the overall decline in the number of E.A.R.P.
Professional short-sellers essentially bet that stocks will fall in price.
Hollywood Park had a $2.6 million loss in the quarter ended March 31.
The prose of "House Work" has the pleasing complexity of high-flown lyricism frequently brought down to earth with sensory images that are exactly right: a group of boys on a city street, "church-solemn about being boy"; a man's beard stubble seeming to a child a chin "blue as mud," while laundry gives her mother "new hands afterward, changed by the starch, bittered."
B15 Basketball: Rockets drop Knicks.
The American Stock Exchange market value index rose 0.46 point, to 456.00.
"As long as they signed the letters, that's good enough as far as I'm concerned."
See how rusty is the band?
But democracy by definition is based on on disagreement, debate and criticism.
"Sometimes I even now feel like a stranger in my country.
WILLIAM N. LEONARD Tampa, Fla., Sept. 22, 1994 The writer is an adjunct professor of international studies at the University of South Florida.
In her new book, "Children First," she writes "to suggest that a woman choose between her relationship with her child and her individual adult identity, largely vested in her salary- or wage-earning role, is as idiotic as asking her to choose between food and drink."
The coming changes in disability policies are the result of years of rising claims that have left the industry leaders, including the Paul Revere Corporation of Worcester, Mass., theProvident Life and Accident Insurance Company of America in Chattanooga, Tenn., and the UNUM Corporation of Portland, Me., with large losses.
"There's no reason why we can't be at least almost as big," she said.
"She Loves Me" had been struggling at or below break-even level for many weeks and had counted on the Tonys to get it through the summer.
"What is different here is that bars are taking responsibility," she said.
Peter Glassman, the owner of Books of Wonder, a children's bookstore at 17th Street and Seventh Avenue, said he was not worried about the new Barnes & Noble store.
Ms. Cabraser asked if she could propose "a trial plan right now," but the judge asked her to submit it in writing by Monday.
Several analysts noted that Apple seems poised to move forward on a recovery track in much the same fashion as the Compaq Computer Corporation, which has been financially rejuvenated since Eckhard Pfeiffer took over as chief executive two years ago after heading Compaq's European operations.
Joseph Lacey performed the ceremony at Holy Trinity Roman Catholic Church in the Georgetown section of Washington.
b-After an extraordinary gain of $ 5.8 million, or 15 cents a share, from the cumulative effect of accounting change.
There was an illusory revival during the Reagan years, based on deficit financing.
She broadcast from Paris until the German Army was about to enter the city in 1940, when she escaped with fellow journalists.
The important thing is to face up to it and do it when it's got to be done."
"Over the last month or so, there have been an increased number of delays in home care, in processing checks and delays for people who haven't been able to find out who their caseworkers are," she said.
Hunyady said that she left Hungary in 1985 to follow a coach to Vienna and often returned home, but that she now works in a bank in Vienna and is proud to become Austria's first gold medalist in speed skating.
C13 Theater: "Night and Her Stars," by Richard Greenberg.
Some have come home to places where there are no longer any homes."
Having rejected, as contrary to the spirit of self-rule and his own pride, the requests of foreign nations for an accounting system that clearly shows how money donated to the Palestinian National Authority is spent, he has attracted only a tiny piece of the nearly $1 billion pledged for Palestinian support this year.
We need to be prepared to develop and distribute them quickly and widely when an epidemic looms.
Bonnie and Clyde Barrow, for instance, were discovered in a footnote in a biography of John Dillinger that said, "Not only were they outlaws, they were outcasts."
Not only did Ms. Midler survive with brass to spare, but she also expressed the sadder side of Rose's character with a finesse that enriched the show's quieter moments.
Riding Orchestre, Ward cleared the course without any faults in the two rounds of the $25,000 event, which the Americans won by 4 points over Switzerland's 8.
The Justices today took no action on Michigan's appeal of a recent state court ruling that applied that three-year-old precedent to dismiss a prosecution for drug possession in Romulus, Mich.
To help pay for it, she would eliminate two state agencies, end 1,100 state jobs, close several National Guard armories and privatize New Jersey Network, the state-owned public television network that broadcast her speech.
This summer, at the Goodwill Games in St. Petersburg, Russia, a rematch with Christie is scheduled.
Weicker Steps In Finally Gov.
The new pact is also being driven by big changes in nation's telecommunications laws.
Indeed, NBC has rather ambitious plans to keep expanding the genre.
"I thought we were going to come back and win.
But instead of a place transformed, the Black Belt, so named for the color of its soil, not the bulk of its population, is a reminder that though the civil rights movement ended one world, it did not create another.
Each loss was more heartbreaking than the previous one for Modell.
Betty Campos, a customer at Luv-U Beauty in Fountain Valley, a comfortable bedroom community, used words that could have been spoken by public administrators throughout the county when she described her current spending.
"Some people want the comfort, familiarity and the ritual they know.
Barry Barbash, director of the S.E.C.
"Come on, guys," the comic implored.
It's just preseason football, and already Fox and CBS are squabbling.
It is this version, highlighted by three very different and sterling casts, that returned to the company over the weekend.
This is similar to the way Democratic representatives were free to vote for tough campaign finance restrictions in the Bush Administration because they knew the President would veto them.
Or Mr. Mahinyuza might be picked up because someone says he took part in the massacres.
At Euston you would transfer to a single-decker bus service called Stationlink, which is also wheelchair accessible and operates on a clockwise circular route that connects all the London railway stations.
The name Florham Park was adopted in 1899, when the State Legislature approved the borough's split from Chatham Township.
Jens Weissflog of Germany had just finished pumping his small fists at the bottom of the large hill.
Ms. Arron, ever the responsible businesswoman, hesitated to commit to another year before the first returns were in, but finally allowed, "It will happen."
Like many of the other sellers, she said much of her merchandise had been salvaged from the trash.
Mr. Taylor was prevented from taking Monrovia only by the intervention of the West African force, which entered the embattled city eight months after the war started.
Late Friday, the water district filed a motion in the Federal Bankruptcy Court in Santa Ana, Calif., where the county has asked for protection under Chapter 9, seeking the release of $34 million of the $110 million the district had invested in the fund.
As if to console Messier, he skated out after the whistle and gave the captain a friendly whack on the shin pads with his big paddle.
[ United Nations spokesmen in Sarajevo confirmed that nationalist Serbian troops had taken over Debeljaca, the dominant high ground in the Bihac area.
Yesterday's dramatic events were a major step in putting together the bizarre turn in the life of a man who, if not quite an American legend, is certainly ingrained in sports mythology.
But easygoing Type B people were more likely to die once heart disease became apparent.
On Friday two Italian news magazines reported that witnesses have implicated Fininvest, the huge corporation owned by the Prime Minister, in a recently uncovered network of corrupt business practices.
She now lives in Los Angeles with her husband, Stephen Jones, an aspiring actor, and their young son.
"So to the corporate counsel, hiring minority firms, which are generally smaller, may kill two birds with one stone: save the corporation money and encourage the development of minority lawyers."
"I pushed her, yes, but she wanted to be pushed," Tom Turner said from Sarasota, Fla., where he lives in retirement.
We're going through very tight quarters here."
Cracks filled the walls of her apartment in Tarzana, five miles south of the Northridge area of the San Fernando Valley, where the quake was centered.
Washington's failure to support President Aristide has been rooted in its desire to maintain Haiti's status quo.
To the contrary, there was only sufficient airlift for little more than a single regiment of the 82d Airborne, which could not have been reinforced.
"And you have to get rid of all the old symbols."
"The majority feel now that we're going to see further declines" in the dollar's value, Mr. Takahashi said.
LOS ANGELES RAIDERS -- Placed Napoleon McCallum, running back, on injured reserve.
Half the participants will be treated with progesterone for 50 days after delivery to see if improving their hormone balance will keep depression at bay, while the other half will be given dummy medication.
Then it was Ms. Walford's turn to talk up the food.
"It always has and it always will."
Then gently knock the joints apart with a mallet or a hammer and wood block.
Unlike the panel, the commission is imposing compensation terms on Iraq, which accepted liability for damages when it signed the gulf war cease-fire agreement.
So it seems curious that an elephant is on display at the Long Island Fair this weekend.
One of Mr. Bush's last acts as President was to pardon Messrs. Abrams, Fiers, George and McFarlane, as well as former Defense Secretary CASPAR W. WEINBERGER and DUANE R. CLARRIDGE , a former senior C.I.A.
General Smith earned one of the British Army's highest awards, the Distinguished Service Order, for his performance in the gulf and forged close ties with American officers during the war there.
The decision will leave gasoline dealers in the Northeast holding supplies of new fuel they had allocated to the counties, said Tom Knight, manager of East Coast products trading for the Fina Oil and Chemical Company in River Edge, N.J. "The problem is, the gas is already there," he said, because wholesalers were required to begin offering the fuel to retailers on Dec. 1.
It was the same reaction the time he hit Joe and the day he threatened another resident.
Traders and analysts said unseasonably warm weather hurt apparel sales in the holiday selling season.
For the others, she said, the banning of these weapons, while the state allowed the sale and possession of other guns, amounted to an inconvenience.
And the taxes paid on that additional income would offset the revenue lost from the lower tax rates, completely or at least in part.
A picture caption on Nov. 20 with an article about Koch Industries misstated the approximate date of a photograph of the Koch brothers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
"They would raise $50,000 from the private-sector contributions and the city and state would each give $25,000.
"I did my first show as a child actor in 1928 and in all these years I never saw anything like the monstrosity that the theater became in its closing weeks," Mr. Bora said.
But they own the equipment, have significant risk of loss and profit, can turn down loads and can choose their own routes and stopping places."
These proclamations aside, the 68-year-old Mr. Craib spent most of yesterday settling into a job that was new in every sense of the word.
He said there had been some grumbling from the inmates about missing soap operas or sporting events and who, without television, had little to do.
And the best way to make sure that it doesn't is not to talk any further about it, and I don't intend to do so.
Ira rarely loses a chance to cast himself as a guiltless party.
" Dr. Rohwer, however, says that there is no reason to abandon science as we know it until there is proof that a prion protein can cause disease.
And he was so fast!"
Last year the foundation persuaded the Marquette National Bank to place an automatic teller in the police station on a six-month trial basis.
A composite drawing of the carjacker has been circulated in the South and several East Coast states, but it is vague and, according to volunteers who helped look for the children, could be anyone.
Her father, a lawyer in Garrison, is also a director of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority and chairman of the Metro-North Railroad Committee.
"It's like the touchdown pass to Sherrard.
They arrested me then for the last time."
It was also suggested that teachers should move away from the idea that there is only one right answer to a question.
A gray-haired man in a blue Yankees cap lifts the lid of a garbage bin next to a supermarket.
Nor are the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta.
Removing hundreds of tree stumps was one of the first tasks.
Pacific Telesis previously announced that it would have a loss for the year as a result of the adoption of various new accounting standards.
This week the advocates of taking a soft line are in retreat.
He said such premature claims gave false hope to dying patients, and he noted that in fact most new drugs failed to fulfill their initial promise.
I am inordinately grateful, until I realize what he has said.
Mr. Griffin said investors sold marks and bought yen, believing the Japanese currency would remain strong because of trade tensions.
Testaverde threw for two touchdowns and ran for one.
But these features didn't amount to much when the earthquake struck last Monday.
The declaration of principles that the two sides signed in September said the status of the settlements would not be subject to negotiation for at least two years.
"But that letter shows that she's not a writer."
On trial are new security measures that are supposed to keep weapons out and Muslims and Jews apart at a shrine venerated by both religions as the resting place of Abraham.
After all, it has come to the mall.
Finally, Dr. Elders dared to speak out about masturbation.
The third such office opens tomorrow in Five Penn Plaza, at 300 West 34th Street.
and A.T.& T. to General Motors -- not to mention the Hartford insurance giants like Aetna and Travelers -- companies have reorganized to cut costs and workers.
But he has no interest in reviving his own plays (although "Dr. Selavy's Magic Theater," a musical collaboration with Stanley Silverman, was brought back some years ago).
Antonio Clark, now 39, was sentenced to death and is serving a life term in Michigan for another crime.
Finally, after a rough and tumble Aristophanes, the Electras ran on stage followed by a chorus of Clytemnestras and a phalanx of Phaedras, frogs and foxes, all competing for the spotlight, which was mirthfully assumed by an actor in drag, left over from a Brechtified Aristophanes.
Spurning the Suitors Though it has received offers of affiliation from top-ranked hospitals from New Haven to New York, Greenwich has rejected them, a decision that in time may prove either genius or folly.
The temptation is to place Mr. Kirstein's highly selective memoirs (portions of which were published earlier) within that familiar context: In short, to discuss what is outside this book rather than what is actually in it.
WESTCHESTER Republicans, meeting in convention, failed to agree on a candidate for the 19th Congressional District last week, leaving the choice to a Republican primary in September.
The West was willing to create a new Bosnia but not fight for it.
It can also be revelatory.
"We are aware of the fears of the Unionist community," he said of the northern Protestants.
The United States District Court also ordered him to pay back $10,000 in back taxes, interest and penalties.
"Others feel they couldn't get ready in time.
American forces in the Persian Gulf boarded a vessel today after it tried to escape from ships enforcing the trade embargo on Iraq, a spokesman for the United States Navy said.
Finally the Parliament simply adopted a resolution that said it would do anything the leadership and President Hussein agreed to do.
These products sell for the equivalent of $1 in a country where industrial wages run $150 a month or less.
"The children are not bonded" to Ms. Mann, she added.
"Sam has managed to make that transition as few politicians could have done, from the old Florida to the new Florida," said John Belohlavek, a historian at the University of South Florida, an institution that owes its existence to Mr. Gibbons's sponsorship of a bill in the State Legislature in the 1950's.
The film would seem to offer an almost irresistible I-told-you-so opportunity.
KING-FM was originally part of King Broadcasting, a chain of radio and television stations in the Northwest.
A female Irish singer, Sinead O'Connor, has had great success in the entertainment world despite shaving her skull bare.
HOW much difference does a year make?
The United States, and New York State in particular, are in the grip of a historically severe rabies epizootic (the animal equivalent of a human epidemic) that affects raccoons, bats and many other animals, all of which can infect human beings.
They said they came to that conclusion because a handgun used at the first site was found at the second.
The armed men seized one weapon and three portable walkie-talkies and destroyed two radio phones, Mr. Falt said, adding that United Nations personnel were not harmed.
Reflecting NBC's Direction "Sea Quest," for all its creative disappointments, is emblematic of NBC's programming and business strategy, Mr. Littlefield said.
"I'm not sure many people could survive this kind of interrogation," said Robert Morris, director of the National Archives for the Northeast Region.
The Irish official, who is also Minister of Foreign Affairs, said that sentiment had "come through very strongly" in this morning's 45-minute meeting, which took place in the main residence on the 25-acre compound where the President is staying -- an unpainted, wood house next to a horse paddock.
The original restaurant at the Plaza Shopping Center had closed, and its owner had departed when Dino Ferrari and Vito Patronelli moved in and began a two-month renovation.
And I was afraid, that was my baby, and I wasn't gonna lose my baby for him or anybody else, especially if I can work and I was healthy.
Hans Peter Kuhn, a German composer and theatrical sound designer best known for his collaborations with Robert Wilson, offered a program of electronic works on Tuesday evening at Experimental Intermedia, some carefully shaped and executed by computer, others combining live and electronic sounds.
"She walked over to me," Mr. Sprague recalled, "and she said, 'I'll give you $5 if you watch my car.'
Warlock's story is quirky enough for modern consumption.
In addition, over all, more than two billion people will watch the finals via satellite on TV around the world.
If you can believe it, an architectural education didn't include anything but Western architecture.
Spot gold futures specifying June delivery rose $9.80, to $384.50 an ounce.
I claimed I had terrible arthritis.
"I would not be surprised to see 7 percent or slightly through that in the next three months."
"If the draft were right now, a half-dozen teams wouldn't have the money to pay one player.
Whatever you do, whatever is going on in your life, people are watching you.
LOS ANGELES RAIDERS -- Signed Jamie Williams, tight end.
Inside, it is filled with chandeliers with crystals hanging like ripe plums.
EXTRA POINTS The Jets said they have signed the free-agent cornerback ERIC THOMAS, who started all 16 games at left corner for the team last season after six years in Cincinnati.
"I'm in the stress reduction business," Jeanne Stewart says.
Brazil, with Latin America's largest economy, is the only big South American country still clinging to barriers to foreign investment, but last week Mr. Cardoso said he'd change all that.
A burglar trying to slip through a restaurant's roof vent fell to his death on the kitchen floor, the authorities reported today.
I rarely feel satified with what I've done, but this has made me go back and listen to my older work."
The food is uneven but always interesting.
Reporters don't feel he levels with them, and members of the national press corps often felt Clinton did end runs around them in the 1992 campaign by going the talk-show route.
As executive director, Mr. Proctor was a frequent critic of New York City's budget plans, and he prodded state and local politicians to bring the city's long-term spending projections more into balance with its underlying economic and fiscal situation.
As Coach Bobby Bowden of Florida State said, "It seems like we've already played the game, and you quit worrying for a year."
I left as a partner but continued to have an affiliation with the firm, which is precisely what I said I would do."
One way to make tax cuts feasible is to make inroads into the extensive "underground economy."
And no one enjoys telling them more than Ronnie Lupe, who has been tribal chairman for 20 of the last 28 years and is a dominant figure in White Mountain development.
It will feature Long Island produce, wines and prepared foods.
As for Foley, Steinberg said he liked the quarterback's arm strength, accuracy and competitiveness.
She believes she did the best she could within a rotten system.
Two black sisters, both of them over 100, reflect on their lives.
Dr. Fisher declined to testify at the Dingell hearing, citing ill health, and has declined repeated requests for an interview.
In all, the report said, he fired 108 bullets in 90 seconds.
Although all the rooms in the building, which has been designated a historic landmark, are charming, none is warmer, cozier or more inviting that the rough-hewn downstairs bar where the taproom dinner is served.
Keeping it Neutral Michael Kors is at his best when he sticks to designing uncomplicated clothes in soothing neutral colors, and that's what he has done for fall.
Mr. Rossi was traveling yesterday and could not be reached for comment.
You can do whatever you want.
The gerund takes the possessive case."
For Foreman had carved out a television and Madison Avenue career, cashing in on his Gospel-preaching, jocular rotund countenance.
he said, referring to the number of votes needed to meet the owners' three-fourths requirement on ending the strike.
"When we make dreams come true or they come true accidentally," he said, "you've got more courage to do other things because you're not still trying to get that other dream accomplished."
The size of the rooms and the quality of the audiences changed.
Among the donors to Mr. Pataki were the Long Island residents Angelo Silveri; his wife, Constance; their daughter, Stephanie, and their son-in-law, Richard J. Bodkin, who contributed a total of $85,000 to Mr. Pataki in the final week of the campaign.
In addition to Pete Harnisch, whose rights the Mets acquired from Houston on Monday, they obtained Dave Mlicki, Jerry DiPoto and Paul Byrd from the Cleveland Indians in a Nov. 18 trade for outfielder Jeromy Burnitz.
An undated citation in Merriam-Webster's Sports Dictionary quotes O. J. Simpson, in his playing days: "If we at least clear enough of their guys out to leave me one on one with the last tackler, that's cool, because one on one is my game."
In another part of the forest (Washington), another black-tie crowd was roasting but mostly toasting PAUL DUKE on his retirement after 20 years as moderator of the public television program "Washington Week in Review."
But they know they have no choice.
"Love and Responsibility," for instance, was published by Farrar, Straus & Giroux in 1981.
"Networking is subversive, and that's why the Chinese don't want it," Mr. Quarterman said.
"They feel they have to get rid of me if they are ever to be players with City Hall," Mr. DiCarlo said.
"It's like a Russian diplomat at our embassy in Washington not knowing Martin Luther King."
With only four months to hire staff and produce the shows, Ms. Linde had to scramble to find the right host.
It did a survey of surrounding streets and found hundreds of available spaces in parking lots in the neighborhood.
For Saddam Hussein, this crisis once again demonstrates that however well he understands Iraqi politics, he badly misreads the outside world.
A year of wavering seemed to end in February, when Mr. Clinton led NATO to issue an ultimatum to the Serbs to stop shelling Sarajevo.
Donna Bray, director of Defenders of the Defenders of Life, a Maryland-based group, said: "We'll continue to speak the truth and encourage the defenders of unborn children."
"I know Feather as well as anyone in this world," Graves said.
Mr. Rifkin also faces murder charges in Suffolk County, Brooklyn, Queens and the Bronx, where he dumped the bodies of many of his victims along rivers, canals, dirt roads and empty fields.
Gen. Raoul Cedras to step down and to restore the country's exiled President, the Rev.
Previous proposals had engendered community opposition and concern by the commission about their effect on the landmark.
Of course home court had something to do with this.
But an Internal Revenue Service rule could limit the amount of your contributions and the corporation's deductions, so that the full benefits would not be available to you both.
Also, the investment policy of Westchester, like other municipalities in the state, is governed by state law, which limits the types of investments that can be made and prohibits derivatives.
Each piece involved permutations of repeating sounds: drum-machine rhythms, bass lines, wafted high sustained notes and chords that could have been made by organs or guitars.
"If we'd won that game," McVie said with a laugh, "I'd still be the coach of the Devils."
Chamber music lovers have two programs to choose from on Saturday, both scheduled for 8:30 P.M.
He sings songs like "Brother, Can You Spare a Dime," "Just One More Chance," "Pennies From Heaven" and "Yes Sir!
The Peasant Pas de Deux, influenced by Soviet versions, was decently danced by Parrish Maynard and Shawn Black on Wednesday night and by Steven Hyde and the talented newcomer Yan Chen on Thursday.
"You have to take this out of the realm of mythology," Sanchez-Ramos says.
Where Black Sabbath was clean and focused, Motorhead arrived in a cloud of sonic sludge.
At present, at least 37 million Americans, 15 percent of the population, have no health insurance.
He is a gangster named Cheech (an expertly gruff Chazz Palminteri).
Bush has truly become the invisible political man."
Ms. Bogart points out in a program note that she wanted actresses "capable of playing Medea" for the cast because they would be saying "things that are cruel and difficult."
"Collectively, these provisions placed the Chicago Board of Trade's future entirely in the hands of Reuters," said Patrick H. Arbor, the exchange's chairman, in an open letter to members announcing the exchange directors' vote to pull out.
Mrs. O'Leary said four of her laboratories -- Los Alamos, Livermore, Argonne and Sandia -- were working with their Russian counterparts on security issues.
Tarpley's next, and possibly final, step toward reinstatement would be a meeting with the N.B.A.
I think it's a good bill, and I'm going to do everything I can to push the bill."
In "Bum to You, Chum," Nick Burns, a refugee from Auckland, arrives at the resort town of Sulphur City with nothing but some faded photographs of the women who raised him.
The richness of the string sound together with the clarity of Rachmaninoff's music told us that size and weight move lightly indeed when there is inner agreement between orchestra sections, when crescendo and decrescendo are understood to the farthest back desks of the violin section and when players tune their playing to the intonation of colleagues.
You may see a sign announcing that by your attendance, you consent to being filmed and videotaped.
Talbot refuses to burn the body and set her soul free, so Awbonnie appears as a tortured, vengeful ghost.
But last year a lower court ruled that Mr. Merrick had backed out of the adoption too late, after he had changed the children's lives by moving them to his home and after all but one legal step in the adoption procedure.
"When you sharpen a knife, you are realigning the molecules and it has to be done gradually," he said.
Begun in 1977, an all-out effort in the Muslim Matlab region succeeded in reducing fertility from 6.7 to 5.1 children.
They also spoke of a broader sense that the country was losing its moral roots and that the ever-corrupt politicians could do nothing about it.
The noise of white separatists and the depredations of Chief Buthelezi's gangs cannot hide the central fact: The two major political forces in South Africa are totally committed to carrying out this first nonracial election.
Both Janssen and SmithKline Beecham P.L.C.
"Then I took a few steps forward."
Among his 65 citations is a medal for valor from a shootout with a drug dealer.
The current view is a sweeping one of the Hudson River, and of Donald Trump's Riverside South project.
"I rarely, rarely sit down and do nothing," she says, over a salad at a Westport restaurant during a break from shooting.
So basically we're sticking with the people we have."
The corporation has eliminated about 1,300 positions in recent weeks to close a budget gap, with about 880 of those from blue-collar ranks.
has a better head start than its counterparts in baseball and hockey.
A State Department official said Victor Jackovich, the American Ambassador to Bosnia and Herzegovina, was ignored last week in Sarajevo when he protested General Clark's plan to meet with General Mladic.
The shop -- the first business to occupy the space at 270 Court Street in more than 20 years -- is a bookstore where only books by or about women are sold (or lent -- to customers who stay to linger in the cafe).
Sixty-two educational applications representing $4.8 million in grants have survived initial reviews and await a final arduous screening by a trustee committee.
White House Takes Credit The Clinton Administration was quick to hail the Commerce Department report and to claim credit for what Laura D'Andrea Tyson, the President's chief economic adviser, called an economy "squarely on a path of sustainable growth."
Not until the 1960's, when rock-and-roll and television were the alarming news, did comics begin a resurgence.
But others describe Mr. Gillooly as easygoing and supportive.
The informal moment in the White House briefing room captured some of the uncertainty prevalent in an Administration that will soon have a new spokesman and is trying to reshape its public face.
A connection between two women distanced by all creation is shaped with ineffable grace.
He laughed, and added, "I was too small for that list."
Mrs. Whitman said today that she met Mr. Clymer for the first time two weeks ago, and that he was the only person offered the treasurer's job.
"People are loving it, loving it, and suddenly people are sick of people loving it.
I have to do it upstairs, in my head, and so far it's been going great.
When the third aftershock starts, I wonder if any of us is going to live long enough to make the film.
And through her lawyers, Mrs. Harriman said that she had not been a trustee and that she had understood her role as general tax partner not to encompass investment responsibility.
"I think it could be," Dr. Dasgupta said.
Mild postpartum blues normally disappear on their own within days, but when symptoms of postpartum depression are severe or last more than two weeks, a specialist should be promptly consulted.
Then when Derek Harper missed an open 3-point jumper, the Clippers had a chance to put the Knicks in deeper trouble.
When the first application of genes had dried, Dr. Isner dripped some more of the genes on until, finally, after about half an hour, all the fluid was on the balloon and the coating of genes had given the balloon a pearly sheen.
At issue are visitation rights at the Delacorte Theater in Central Park, a site on which the festival, at this point, has a lock.
Education officials upheld today the expulsion of a 17-year-old Muslim student who wore an Islamic scarf during physical education classes.
In tournaments, if you become too pass happy, you tend to stand around and wait for things to happen.
Mr. Aspin replaced that risk rule with a new definition of ground combat that bars women from units that engage the enemy on the ground with weapons and are exposed to hostile fire and have a "high probability of direct physical contact with the personnel of a hostile force."
She misses her friends in New York.
RANDY VELARDE joined a Yankee teammate, JIM ABBOTT, on two lists yesterday: the list of 111 players who have filed for free agency and the list of 11 players whom the clubs have rejected because, the clubs say, they don't have sufficient service time.
His goal is, through restaging and reinterpretation, to examine the tradition rather than to overturn it, to probe rather than provoke.
Mr. Summers received speeding tickets in both vehicles in the summer of 1990, South Carolina officials said.
The official would nonetheless certify full delivery to board accountants, who would pay the vendors in full.
The Ford Motor Company said yesterday that it was teaming with the Langley Research Center of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration on a two-year program aimed at sharing technology developed by NASA.
She also had, but seldom used, a lively talent for cartooning, as seen in "One Special Summer," an amusing book written by her and her sister, Lee, about a trip they took to Europe as young women in 1951.
The retirees -- retirement age is only 55 in Russia -- will demand another increase in monthly pensions to cover inflation.
They would have stopped by the Croatian church on the Manhattan side of the Lincoln Tunnel.
German stocks dropped 1.23 percent, French issues lost 0.61 percent, and British equities rose 3.28 percent.
"The expression implies that there is nothing else in the computer industry, and maybe not much else of real interest in the business world," writes Emily Andren, who left the company in 1992 and is now a freelance writer.
But the trainer said it had nothing to do with the caliber of the opposition.
The Government has begun to focus on ways of reducing workplace killings.
The hustlers prey on foreigners, the police said, because of the language barrier.
The Devils led by 2-0 in the first period, on goals by Scott Niedermayer and Claude Lemieux, and the Rangers seemed fatigued and frustrated.
Sung W. Sohn, the chief economist at the Norwest Corporation, a bank holding company in Minneapolis, noted that new orders for transportation equipment and other durable goods rose during September.
The line failed to crush the opposition's defensive line.
Lawyers said $700,000 from the sale would go toward mortgage payments, while $200,000 would go to the county for costs associated with the criminal case and other fees.
"You can say consistency is the hobgoblin of small minds and accuse me of having a small mind; I'll take it," he told reporters at a stop in Manhattan, referring to his opposition to capital punishment and his support for tax cuts.
Weeks This On Week List Fiction 1 5 DISCLOSURE, by Michael Crichton.
A fiscal conservative and strong supporter of tough crime control, she favors abortion rights, gay rights, easier access to drug rehabilitation and more money for recreation programs.
"I did what I had to do," Holyfield said.
STUDIO MUSEUM IN HARLEM, 144 West 125th Street, (212) 864-4500.
When the firm tested its original plans for the 140-room Copley Memorial Hospital in Aurora, Ill., using virtual reality, they discovered that all of the sinks jutted out too far and would keep a person in a wheelchair from reaching the faucet handles.
A memorial tribute to the choreographer Agnes de Mille is to be at noon on Tuesday at the St. James Theater, 246 West 44th Street, Manhattan.
"You better come to the realization you're involved in the most political process there is."
An overview of his work was exhibited at the Sculpture Center in New York in 1980.
I chose not to wait.
Tony Meola, the American goalie in the World Cup, has retired from international soccer.
The publisher said that the book, which tapped into a large subculture's insatiable appetite for even the most obscure information about "Star Trek," sold 333,000 copies.
One part of the answer is that all too often we have allowed experts to come between us and our common sense.
Twenty years ago, in 1974, Simpson was the premier pro running back of his time, smiling his way into America's heart as actor, endorser, sportscaster, one of sports' first great crossover stars.
At the agency's request in 1976, according to Cray Research officials, Mr. Cray added a specialized instruction known as "population count," useful for sifting through large amounts of data.
One solution, he suggested, is never to use the word bus.
Jessica, whose mother assisted her at the workshop and who explained the health aspects of a nonmeat diet, said her goal was to own a French gourmet restaurant.
"The assault weapons ban that you helped to win stands between the citizens you and I must protect and the gangs and thugs that would terrorize them," he told the city officials gathered in Minneapolis.
She reaches for a stuffed grape leaf, takes a bite and begins to whisper as she describes the night she finally knew she would have to stop drinking.
Fostering World Peace "Whenever a technical project is subordinated to political ends, the temptation grows to underestimate the technical problems that will arise and substitute enthusiasm for sound engineering," James E. Oberg, author of "Red Star in Orbit" and a long-time advocate of joint East-West programs, said in an interview.
He was charged with attempted murder, conspiracy, robbery, aggravated assault and illegal possession of a weapon.
Braman will run the team until league approval is given.
No culture of victimization for her!
For every institution run by football and basketball dollars, this is nonrevenue nirvana.
And he has the scars to prove it.
Mr. Yasin will report to Anatoly B. Chubais, the newly appointed First Deputy Prime Minister for economics and finance, who until recently was the highly respected chief of Russia's privatization program.
Colleges have allowed 2-point conversions since 1958, but from the 3-yard line.
WITH her June Allyson-style blond bob and don't-dawdle gait, Irene Bender wears her 74 years lightly.
The talks, the first effort at negotiating in two months, will resume Thursday.
Mr. Canelo also noted the refinancing, saying the market was searching for price levels low enough to make it attractive to investors.
The production is as comfortably at home in sunlight as in shadow.
Her hometown team doesn't play anymore.
The seat was given new borders after the 1990 census, moving it south from the seemingly impenetrable Republican bastion of Dutchess and Orange Counties to the more evenly divided political grounds of northern and central Westchester.
And then there are the legal fees.
Mike Richter, the Ranger goalie, stopped 29 shots for his second consecutive shutout.
Dealing a major blow to the growing movement to limit the terms of elected officials, a Federal judge in Seattle yesterday threw out a voter-approved Washington State law that restricts terms for members of Congress.
The last league to challenge Major League Baseball was the Federal League, which lasted for the 1914 and 1915 seasons before folding.
She was referring to the Comcast Corporation and Tele-Communications Inc., two of the largest cable operators, who are the most significant shareholders in QVC.
Will we recognize that even space has its limits?
Three plays later, Fuad Reveiz kicked a 24-yard field goal, Minnesota led by 17 points, and Moon had assured himself of his first victory against the Giants.
"Evidently nobody ever told him right out how great he was, and he had to keep on trying to prove it."
"Coming Out Under Fire," which opens today at the Quad Cinema, traces the hardening of the military's anti-homosexual attitudes as the war progressed.
On the contrary, the stories may remind some readers of a remote cultural time when the "progressive" style and the feminist sensibility, and opposition to racism, were marked by the self-deflating humor that is a form of conviction.
Mr. Rhodes often suggests candidates to Mr. Long and has provided financial support to many of them.
"But I'm an ingrained skeptic.
Playing on a tender ankle, the Maryland center scored 23 points, but Arizona State's lineup of whippets made 4 3-point bombs in the final 6 minutes to escape the No.
Mr. Russell has a smaller part, as the military leader with the brush cut.
Unlike many recent purveyors of courtroom calisthenics, Mr. Guterson does not stop there.
Thanks to its enterprise zone, the rundown city is the unlikely home of one of the largest Steinway piano dealers in the country.
The city's frustrated attempts to meet the basic human need for a safe, clean place to go to the bathroom exemplify how cumbersome governmental processes, flawed planning and a cacophony of competing interest groups can delay the achievement of a common-sense goal.
"The Rams' response has been no response," Steinberg said.
After I write my exclusive article, I will give The Times an exclusive interview about interviewing Richard about interviewing Connie about interviewing Tonya.
If the Islanders' play can continue to be this inspired in their other remaining games -- against Washington, Hartford, Dallas, the Rangers and Tampa Bay -- they could sneak into the playoffs.
Rick Sherlund, an analyst with Goldman, Sachs, said the deal would be good for Lotus, but warned that until the specifics were announced, it was too early to change earnings estimates or declare such a network a winner.
When Neil Armstrong set foot on the moon 25 years ago today, the nation responded ecstatically.
But that's been made impossible."
The dictators have rejected every possible solution.
Friendly staff members, usually knowledgeable about where to find the fish, go out with the boats.
Trying the 'Political Hat' He still plans, though he denies it.
I am very concerned about her.
The roof was ripped off to reconfigure the second-floor into bedrooms and a master bath, now tucked under the bracing of an old water tower.
They had only 1.5 percent body fat."
Spry and dapper, Ray Arcel talked about Benny Leonard as if he had just watched the lightweight champion spar in the original Stillman's gym on 125th Street before it moved down near the old Madison Square Garden.
It can also be bought with optional gear that enables the kayak to sail.
"He brought in some tremendous seizures of money, sometimes up around $100,000," a supervisor said.
A11 A PLAN FOR EMBARGO ON BELGRADE If Serbia accepts foreign monitors to insure a cutoff of aid to Bosnian Serb forces, the United States and four other nations will urge an easing of sanctions against Yugoslavia.
But I have to take issue with your position that the military force structure projected in Les Aspin's "bottom-up review" is too large and should be cut.
Carmen Opera in four acts by Georges Bizet, libretto by Henri Meilhac and Ludovic Halevy, after the novel by Prosper Merimee; conductor, Semyon Vekshtein; production, Jonathan Eaton; stage director, Christian Smith; sets by Paul Shortt; costumes by Eduardo V. Sicangco; lighting by Jeff Davis; choreographer, Daryl Gray; gypsy dance choreographer, Esperanza Galan.
No credit card bill in a month to remind me what happens when I disregard 1 through 5.
If you catch something, you're lucky, because it was meant for you."
Two plays later Mason ran right then shot up field for a 12-yard touchdown that gave Syracuse a 14-0 lead.
A well-known New York lawyer, Kaden also teaches labor and antitrust courses as an adjunct professor at Columbia Law School, a combination that made him peculiarly qualified to speak to the owners on matters most relevant to them.
Still, by mid-1993, employees say, the coin company had problems.
Sultan Zia, group manager for Digital's video server business unit, said the $14 billion computer giant had joined with USA Video because of its agreements with key content providers like Paramount Pictures and Warner Brothers for movies and other content.
That is impossible to disprove.
The film also conveniently forgets that coaches with slicked-back hair and designer suits have been known to tout team spirit and to win.
He was a native of Spencerport, N.Y., and had appeared in 12 feature films, including "Heartbreak Ridge" with Clint Eastwood in 1986 and "My Girl" in 1991.
They noted that the goods component of the index, accounting for about 43 percent of the total, rose three-tenths of 1 percent in August, the same as in May and June and less than in July.
Drizzle with honey and serve.
International New high-wage jobs remain scarce in both Europe and the U.S., and many governments are beginning to fear that the shortage may be permanent.
"They are quite powerful," said Cornel West, a scholar of black studies and religion, after viewing the spots last week at a dinner of the Creative Coalition, a celebrity group devoted to liberal causes.
He felt continually frustrated by the failure of his preservation campaigns, and was saddened by Chicago's inability to love the great art on its streets as much as he did.
Turn the chops and brown them lightly on the other side for three to four minutes.
Moreover, they say aid to Russia has been cut not because of unhappiness with President Boris N. Yeltsin, but because there is a sense that Russia's economic and social crisis has abated.
"In negotiations he's tough as nails, but he has an element of whimsy."
For eight years he lived underground in a train tunnel.
'I Don't Like to Lose' "The three years I've been here we've had a terrible team every year," Schourek said after today's workout at Thomas J.
The person doing the writing has been drinking a soft drink that contains NutraSweet and trying to remember a line from a movie he saw last night, one long segment of which was in CinemaScope.
Either way, their relationship had grown closer over the last year and Jones indicated that Switzer as Cowboys coach had crossed his mind more than once.
He graduated from the University of Michigan as a voice major with a master's degree in music.
Dr. Brugman cautions parents to be on the alert for a serious infection.
They took weekly lessons -- Mr. Whitaker, trumpet, and Mr. Goldblum, saxophone.
"It doesn't change anything for us," said the Rev.
"I think the U.S.-Chinese relationship is very, very important," Mr. Bush told the Chinese President.
7, a packed congregation of the Nation of Islam listened to a defiant Morris Powell, a vendor who is president of the Universal Black Business People's Association, an organization of about 450 street vendors on 125th Street.
guidelines for low-fat offerings, and they had to be reformulated.
My favorite bibb lettuce may be Merveille des Quatre Saisons or in some catalogues, simply Four Seasons.
Pending approval from various city agencies, including the Landmarks Preservation Commission, which gave the building landmark status in 1984, Mr. Richmond said the deal should done by the end of the year.
It quickly turns out, however, that "The Girls" isn't really about these six women at all.
in his past 10 starts.
By using CD-ROM and on line, we can deliver advertising in ways that meet the needs of both those who love it and hate it."
Reviewing Possibilities Mr. Bratton and his First Deputy Commissioner, David W. Scott, and the newly named Chief of Department, John F. Timoney, have been reviewing possibilities for the new posts all weekend, said John Miller, Deputy Commissioner for Public Information.
Every draw of a saw serves to sever him from distractions.
They also argued, she said, that he could not attract big business to the party and would alienate conservative whites.
But it seems out of character only to people who do not know Mr. Leach -- to those outside the Capitol, where he enjoys almost universal respect, and his Congressional district in eastern Iowa, where he has held a safe seat for the last 18 years.
I felt this tremendous tug between my job and my mother.
Copper prices tumbled yesterday, and an important commodity index fell for the first time in five trading session.
Tolerance of conduct like Mr. Greenstein's is quickly disappearing, even in accounting and law firms, where partners are equals and may be loath to criticize one another, several lawyers said.
The owners have scheduled a meeting for Dec. 15, planning to declare an impasse and implement their salary-cap proposal if the next round of talks, which is scheduled to begin Friday, is unproductive.
He said that Dino asked him to steal a Jeep that he wanted to give a friend as a birthday gift.
After all, quarterbacks will always be easy to get commercial deals for, but what about, say, the grittier offensive or defensive players, most of whom lack the flash of Deion Sanders, the Atlanta Falcons cornerback?
Somewhere to the west, those imposing obstacles in Chicago, Houston, Phoenix and Seattle have recently been replaced, at least temporarily, by the threat of a duplex in Sacramento and a rapidly growing skyscraper across the Hudson.
1 WITNESSES FOR THE DEFENSE Lawyers for many important witnesses in the criminal case against Dan Rostenkowski said their clients would challenge some of the most damaging charges.
And it is that weak link in the chain that we are fixing with this initiative."
The entrees are equally ornate: grouper is paired with basil and pomegranate juice, buttery chunks of lobster hide beneath slices of turnip, and sheets of pasta are impressed with herbs and served with spinach, flageolets and a complicated sauce with strong lashings of saffron.
Today, the President dispatched at least two American warships to the Straits of Florida to assist the Coast Guard in patrolling the waters that divide the two countries.
She added that the Mayor's action signaled that Mr. Giuliani is "playing to his core constituents who believe that any attempt to reach out to minorities is reverse discrimination."
In fact, they are proposing to restore to Syria the importance of which they have recently, and rightly, robbed it.
American Eagle said that swapping and rescheduling aircraft would probably take several weeks to fine tune to give cities their usual level of service.
If they want to influence Cuba and changes in Cuba, the best way to do that is not with a policy that has shown for 30 years that it does not work."
The agreement settled a lawsuit brought by the Insurance Commissioner, John Garamendi, against Robert I. Weingarten, Gerry R. Ginsberg and Philip A. Fitzpatrick.
It was described by Vincent Canby in June as "a seamlessly constructed marvel of contradictions, a boulevard farce about incest, about a family of dangerous innocents living in hermetically sealed upper-bourgeois squalor."
Running back Thurman Thomas is still the most versatile running back in the league.
Because many older widows and widowers may have bought homes for $15,000 to $20,000 in the 50's that are now worth $250,000, Mr. Cooper explained, there is a lot of money available from the sale of the house, but only if the widowed person feels comfortable selling.
Small wonder you, Ms. Klimova, have fled to Maria, who has just recovered from amnesia, and that your counterpart in Iowa has fled to .
Rates of cholera, dysentery, diphtheria, tuberculosis and many sexually transmitted diseases have exploded in the past year.
Moreover, the Dow set 33 new highs during the course of the year, including a high of 3,794.33 on Wednesday.
"They were opening holes you wouldn't believe.
The survivor of a species of witches copes with his heritage; a sequel to "The Witching Hour" and "Lasher."
The principle driving the law of privilege is that certain relationships should remain off limits to courts to encourage people to seek help and speak freely.
With all of the talent available in the Big Apple, it would seem that Mr. Giuliani could have found the people he needed among city residents.
Through the first 11 months of the year, every category of bond funds had substantial cash outflows, with the exception of three hybrid types -- asset allocation, balanced and income funds -- that include both stocks and bonds but are classified by the I.C.I.
A Different League Most PBS programs average a 2.2 or 2.3 rating in prime time -- each rating point equals 942,000 homes -- far lower than the 10 to 12 rating garnered by a typical network show.
He's feeling good, he's smiling all the time.
Republicans picked up one House district, the Eighth in Lansing, which had been held by Mr. Carr.
A strategy session is scheduled for this week, and organizers plan to write to the city to see if the market -- 3,000 square feet, with a 4,500-square-foot, 175-seat restaurant and bar -- violates zoning rules.
"What are they suggesting," that if Mr. Giuliani had endorsed the Republican candidate, "that then they would have been able to abandon the city?"
Part of the proceeds goes to the Olympic Committee.
New York and Massachusetts have already passed laws requiring new cars to meet the exceptionally stringent pollution limits imposed by California -- a mandate that includes the gradual introduction of electric cars into private use.
New Jersey, however, is moving faster to solve its waste problems within the state, according to experts, while New York has repeatedly delayed plans to build incinerators and is within a decade or two of closing its last surviving landfill.
But the musical results were ill defined.
More than 16,000 workers from three bargaining units of the Hawaii Government Employees Association had walked picket lines before voting on Friday to accept the contract.
Hobbies: Collecting art and art reproductions, stamps, and coins.
After 29 cancer operations with the next one scheduled for late May, he said he feels as if he has been addicted to cigarettes for the last 15 years.
With a 6-10 record after the 24-10 loss in Houston on Saturday, the Jets were a franchise at a crossroads, anyway.
Brown has offered Wilkinson a four-year contract worth about $1.8 million a year.
At the end of his book Mr. Hume asks a pertinent question about peacekeeping's future that he does not answer.
If it finishes third, it would probably play in Stanford, possibly against powerful Brazil, or in Chicago against powerful Germany.
6 Lyons Journal: Defining France's Islamic tradition.
It is also open every day in March, although hours vary.
"We had to be worried about whether increased claims were caused by layoffs or weather," Brian Jones, an economist at Salomon Brothers, said.
But "in sync" rarely means the precision of the Navy's Blue Angels, but more often the scattering of a flock of geese.
Officials here are considering opening the new Denver International Airport without its high-tech baggage system, which is still plagued with computer glitches more than 10 months after its scheduled debut.
because 18 Bd5 cd (18 .
It began with a dinner at Gracie Mansion on Tuesday night and a moonlight cruise of upper New York Harbor.
spokesman said that the commission had not addressed the question of whether executives in such cases are required to disclose their transactions.
As often as not over the years, the inquiries have passed like a summer shower.
She added that her son is normally very shy and doesn't like to go outside in their housing project.
" So Grey's television commercials for Hasbro's Nerf toys depict "kids in control of the product, telling you it's cool," Mr. Sorokin said, rather than the traditional approach of an omniscient, omnipotent announcer proclaiming the product's wonders as awed children gratefully listen.
Partly, he writes, the paintings were "a consoling necessity," a way to realize his vision even if it would never get on film.
While the calendar on Capitol Hill shows that it is time for a summer recess, Mr. Clinton has left little room for lawmakers to plead for a break.
He was really upset, saying he doesn't know why he had to do this, that he had done more community service, more charity work, than everyone in the courthouse combined."
One thing is sure: there is too much inconsistency in the wines from one producer to another.
The Devils, who rarely checked in a forgettable first period, returned with resolve in the second period.
"Or what if you were a German with your values and you're an Aryan?
The Tutsi returning from Burundi appear to cause the most problems.
With 74,624 fans sounding ready to roar "EE-TAL-YA" all the long sunny afternoon at Giants Stadium, the Italia team started off strong.
Chief R. J. Winkelhake of the Iowa City police, said the guidelines were helpful because officers must shift gears when notifying next of kin.
"For a freshman, there is a great deal of testing going on, and I must tell Mrs. Kelly about that," said Mr.
"Uptown Houston has already gained its reputation on the coattails of the Galleria, but the new street design will help crystallize and focus the image and give it something tangible to identify itself," Mr. O'Connor said.
Or be thrown out a 6th-floor window.
Brushing some guinea pig hair from his black blazer, he began a round of waves and hellos on his way, with crew, to a round table.
"He's the only client I know who can do this, who takes it onto himself to work with the men," said Daniel Louis Goldner, who has been in on the planning of this massive town-house renovation since it started last spring.
After the war, Sigel briefly edited a German newspaper in Baltimore before coming to New York to become the city's pension agent and later its revenue collector.
That is the Pullman Company, the only deal that had junk bonds outstanding before the buyout.
In Brooklyn, he dropped off the woman and picked up his two young sons, the police said.
Later this year, another public debate will ensue as a joint House-Senate conference committee meets to reach a final compromise.
Through Weinstock, Mr. Blumenthal, a former director of the creative writing program at Harvard, voices scathing if redundant attacks on the university, with occasional flashes of wit aptly illuminating its pretensions.
NEW JERSEY'S airwaves are full of Christian sounds.
Citicorp will also cover unspecified rationalization costs of the transaction over a 26-month period.
As for the incongruity of leaving a race he said he would not miss, Nitzken said: "My idea of the Derby is to go from 10 in the morning until I run out of money.
The gallery at 11 Main Street is open Tuesday through Saturday from 10:30 to 4:30 or by appointment.
The Rangers and Mark Messier made no significant progress in their contract dispute yesterday, and despite the likelihood that the season will be postponed today, both sides insist that reaching an agreement is a high priority and they will continue to hold bargaining sessions.
The Apreas said they had decided to leave the area after receiving the state's letter.
The Egyptians sent them a 3,000-year-old mummy -- one of thousands still existing in Egypt -- of an unknown woman to practice on.
'A Little Embarrassed' "I'm a little embarrassed that we didn't ask this question," said Steve Kent, a cryptographer at Bolt Beranek & Newman and a member of the five-person evaluation team that reviewed the secret mathematical algorithm inside the Clipper chip for the Clinton Administration.
But the police telephoned the lawyer at 8:30 this morning, asking him to bring Mr. Simpson in to surrender.
So were the trumpets, although perhaps as a way of suggesting the vagaries of Baroque brass playing, they were intermittently sour.
Snapshots and slapshots from a Supreme Court term now past.
How would you like to hear a performance of Schubert's glorious song cycle "Winterreise" with scarcely a note decently sung?
"We congratulate you for keeping the games alive and doing as well as you did under extraordinarily difficult circumstances," Cuomo said to the organizers, who dealt with a series of logistical and technical errors.
Both choreographers turned to music that their mentor would have found unsuitable for dance.
The company has written off $21.3 million in assets.
Not only did Anderson hit the final basket of the game, a 21-footer from the top of the key that put the Nets up by 5, at 99-94, with 49.4 seconds left, but with 10 points and 6 assists he had a hand in 22 of New Jersey's final 26 points of the game.
now to admit that in the struggle against fascism the Communists were right and almost everyone else was wrong.
The sculpture has three layers.
Poland, the Czech Republic and Hungary are the most vocal in pressing NATO to fulfill its promise to admit new members.
Wines are well chosen and reasonably priced.
But there weren't bearded people or anything going into his home, having long meetings.
In some homes, however, the speakers have a plug, and people pull the plug when they want some quiet.
Dr. Dugatkin had earlier shown that female fish often make their choice of a mate through imitation, observing which male their peers prefer and then picking the same male.
Almost every seat was filled.
But considering that Williams was selected No.
While he becomes increasingly disheveled and wild-eyed during the show, the band stays unruffled, punching out its horn riffs and holding down the funk bass lines.
With Coslet as head coach, Blake was rotting on the Jets' bench.
The Kemper board twice rejected the offer.
Our inflation cycle started in 1968 with the Great Society and an expanded Vietnam War.
His musical compositions are also in the repertory of the Canadian Ballet and the Royal Ballet in London.
"I cooked the chicken soup, drove to the store in the snow, chatted with him as he went to sleep," she said.
The memory of its powerful, fruity aroma brings a beatific smile to her face.
Today they were trying to assess the damage, but they could not get to their homes.
The scene is repeated, with virtually no variation, from one end of Queens Boulevard to the other.
Admission is $40, $15 for students, including a buffet lunch.
For Some, 'a Terrible Idea' But some employers say they find the program onerous nonetheless.
New York City now has 200 credit unions, with about $3 billion in assets and about 633,000 members.
Redgrave, 32, has won five gold medals at world games plus three Olympic golds and one bronze.
Instead, New York fell apart.
"The problem is how do you go about convincing people in this neighborhood to believe what the city promises?"
In the distance, thousands more without tickets strained for a glimpse of their latest local hero from atop roofs, tree limbs and snow sculptures.
By the end of last summer, 100 had enlisted to visit families and camps in states from Virginia to Maine.
Even his most bitter enemies concede his formidable intelligence, and in the wake of his antigovernment theories, it sometimes seems downright utopian for others to argue that Federal support can help the disadvantaged.
The Europeans also prevailed in the the Turf, with Tikkanen, in a race that Paradise Creek was supposed to win, and the 47-1 long shot One Dreamer won the Distaff in a race that Sky Beauty was supposed to win.
But it's a real stretch of the imagination to think he's going to be our kicker."
Tickets, $150, from (212) 288-6220, extension 267; or $65 in advance for dancing and snacks starting at 9, $75 at the door.
Serve warm or at room temperature.
McNair also rushed for 159 yards for Alcorn State (1-1), and he put the Braves on top for good with a pass to Marcus Hinton for 81 yards in the second quarter.
A total of 28 bidders made payments of more than $13 million to take part.
One proposal would refine the definition of educational programming so that only shows "primarily designed" to educate children would be counted.
"I'm going to think positive about the ball game and about Dan.
There, administrators are adding many hours of classes devoted to corruption and several more questions about the subject on final examinations.
Whenever possible, Mr. Link made the 600-mile trip from New York to Roanoke in a 1952 Buick, pulling a trailer filled with large-format cameras and lighting equipment.
It has often been an unappreciated task.
And the Station Inn, down in the railroad gully below Union Station, is always reliable for great bluegrass; the open jam session on Sunday night is a lot of fun.
On Crime: Proposes what he calls a "holistic approach" to crime, primarily by improving the state economy.
In one in-house memo, Elizabeth Whelan, president of the organization, defined it as "the great defender of petrochemical companies."
Insurance For Sublet Of a Co-op Q. I live in Manhattan and own a co-op apartment in Park Slope that I rent out.
LITTLE LEAGUE BASEBALL A Victory and a Rematch Middleboro Massachusetts (4-1) defeated Millburn/Short Hills of New Jersey, 8-4, yesterday in an Eastern regional championship matchup of Little League World Series teams at Breen Field in Bristol, Conn. Middleboro will play Milburn/ Short Hills (3-1) again today to decide which team advances to Williamsport, Pa., on Aug. 22 as the series' Eastern representative.
In the end, the team used old, partly exposed film, which nonetheless was able to capture a clear image of the string of pearls.
In the 80's, available jobs and wages for unskilled workers declined.
Dr. Cooper joined participants in urging caution before adopting the procedure widely.
The mudslinging campaign in the Republican primary to challenge Mr. Sasser was largely a battle between Mr. Corker, a Chattanooga contractor, and Mr. Frist, a Vanderbilt surgeon, with four other trailing.
In the second act, the Foundling Father has vanished.
"I think we were ready for a change," said Ellen McComis, whose family has attended St. Mary's for five generations.
It's the perfect rehearsal suite for Rumblehead, a four-man hard-rock band that plans to begin its music industry conquest from this spot.
These two theaters charge only $5.50.
1 Montrouis Journal: A proposed stepping stone for Haiti's leader.
Basically what I was doing was looking at their library every day, or going to their vault and looking at art.
There are many ways to apply it: with ice packs (plastic bag or hot water bottle filled with ice cubes or crushed ice or even a bag of frozen vegetables), frozen gel pack, chemical cold pack (the kind that when squeezed produces cold for 30 to 40 minutes), a bucket of ice and water (the injured part is immersed in water that is between 55 and 65 degrees Fahrenheit) or ice massage (stroke the injured area with an ice cup made by freezing a water-filled paper cup).
"Not sluggish, not robust in the boom sense."
's confrontations with the Governor.
DAVID LEEMING describes James Baldwin as "a highly complex, troubled and driven individual who was more serious than anyone I had ever met."
One officials calls it a "secret waiting to come out."
"If you don't hold him up or get in his way, he's gone," said Brad Dalgarno, the Islander right wing.
The class-action suit maintained that Executive Life falsely advertised and promoted life insurance products and then speculated with the premiums.
About this time last year, Cross Colours was considered one of the hottest labels in the fashion industry.
is a retrovirus, a type of virus that normally inserts itself into a cell's DNA.
Her new husband stayed out late at the pool hall one night, she said, and when she tried to wake him in the morning to go to work, "he got mad and he hauled off and hit me.
Lemieux played with both Richer and Robinson for the Canadiens when they captured the Stanley Cup in 1986.
Mr. Duff-Griffin was a versatile actor who was equally at home in Shakespeare and avant-garde works.
The interest section represents American interests in Cuba but is not an embassy.
Jong Kyu Kim to stay overnight to conduct a solitary prayer vigil in his humble Presbyterian church in Queens where he was the new pastor.
Missouri: Bond (R) No; Danforth (R) Yes.
To make the chips, heat enough oil in a large skillet to make a depth of 1/8 inch.
She said that she didn't yet know if her swing would be affected and that she would probably not compete in this weekend's Jamie Farr Toledo Classic.
Interpreting reflective ballads, Ms. Laine's vocal shadings turn into powerful dramatic tools.
Dr. Kevorkian did not attend the hearing.
"She is entitled to due process.
It doesn't make a whole lot of sense, though, for the Devil to view himself as one of those poor lost souls, or for Lola, who has been trying to break free of him for much of Act II, to join her strutting step to his.
Mrs. Mukantabana's father and one brother are alive, Mrs. Icymanizanye said.
An emotional current emerges from the visible contrast between the two dancers, and there is bold drama in how the lighting continually changes their space and context.
Season with salt and freshly ground pepper to taste.
His skill was evident two months ago when Manhattan liberals pressed him to act on a bill discouraging protesters from blocking access to abortion clinics.
The grill also has a cover so that the food will cook more quickly after it browns.
But the new players also say that much of where they are now depends on chance, on getting financing, on meeting the right people.
Having grown up in this city, Donna Jackson knows that Newark can be angry.
"This work is meant to encourage a discussion of diversity.
"She won't send health care down the tubes -- no doubt about it.
The bond rally turned into a loss because the report failed to convince investors that wages and prices were not rising more quickly as the economy grows.
At the same time, the silks making up the rest of the web, all the circling and radiating strands designed to catch and hold prey, show a marked reduction in their ultraviolet-reflecting properties.
Some come from the theater, some from film, some from what he called "show biz."
Mr. A. finally overcame his shame at a soup kitchen run by the Jewish Board of Family and Children's Services.
"He said his intention was to pursue every armed Muslim wherever he happens to be in the Bihac pocket," Mr. Zametica said.
"It was a reconstruction of her family."
Then, after participating in more training sessions in nonviolence than Gandhi ever organized, more consensus-building talk than the Quakers ever dreamed of, Feinberg finally goes to Washington.
And to many Republicans in the House, he is part of a leadership structure that is intent, issue after issue, on ramrodding Democratic policies through and trampling the rights of the minority.
Though a plate-glass barrier prevents visitors from coming too close, the effect of the fairly gleaming sculptures -- the two central animals looking outward, the lateral pair inward -- is powerful.
While exciting, the new finding is not the final proof that abnormal prions cause disease, Dr. Cohen said.
"I'm not in a position to judge.
Because of the embargo, Cuba is forced to import medicines, chemical reagents, equipment and supplies from Europe and Asia at premiums said to average from 20 percent to 30 percent.
Noting the even more elderly woman with her, she sighed and said, "We were going to see 'My Fair Lady,' but it was too far uptown."
Allan Glassman was Faust, done in a lean, accurate tenorial style.
"I've been talking to Derek and Pierre," Thomas said.
The AGRICULTURAL MUSEUM at Melstedgard near Gudhjem (56-95-0735) is a living museum with 18th- and 19th-century farm buildings, farm animals and traditional agricultural machinery, demonstrated by costumed docents.
And some musicians have turned to the new smaller independent labels, which are enjoying a small resurgence.
TWO groups of scientists working separately say they have prepared genetically altered mice that can be used to produce human disease-fighting antibodies of unusual purity.
For many models, fill the dispensing tank with hot tap water and add the cleaning solution.
"I can't believe this is an Olympic event," she said.
He added: "I want to know why Fiske was removed.
Hamburger chains became huge, measuring success in thousands of outlets.
All the plays have songs written by Tim Ray (who plays the piano for the singer Lyle Lovett).
In the International Chess Federation world title match between Jan Timman and Anatoly Karpov last fall, Timman used the standard 11 Ne5 Nbd7 12 Ngf3 Qc7 13 Bf4 to prepare for 14 O-O-O.
The Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company said yesterday that it had extended the contract of Stanley C. Gault, its chairman and chief executive, through 1995 with the understanding that a successor might be named next year.
sightings by pilots, many of whom, it is alleged, were silenced or punished by the Federal Aviation Agency.
No one has to like it, but it's a fact of 1994 life.
If you mean for nothing, or want to slam home your point with at no cost to you, say so.
The present-day city and environs were known in feudal times as the Kaga region.
The report comes after a 10-month inquiry into the collapse of Phar-Mor, a discount drug company based in Youngstown, Ohio.
He was a stage manager for "The Ed Sullivan Show" and "As the World Turns" before working his way up to producer and director.
The Marine Corps has dismissed its last pending case stemming from the Tailhook scandal of sexual misconduct at a naval aviators' convention.
73, which asked, "Do you believe that a criminal suspect can be influenced into committing an illegal act?"
Knute Rockne made Notre Dame nationally famous before it was academically notable and Jerry Tarkanian did the same for the University of Nevada at Las Vegas.
The cause was heart failure, said his son, Neal.
It felt marvelous to let it out down in the jungle among the strangling, endlessly intertwining, steaming, stinking commercials.
Over the years since that first episode, the man, like most of the other patients in the study, suffered from increasingly severe negative symptoms -- like withdrawal from former activities and apathy -- that made it extremely difficult for him to function.
Why are some voices in the nation's biggest city saying, "Smaller is better"?
In the time-honored tradition of mobilizing one's constituents on the eve of a budget battle, the groups with a stake in Medicare are beginning to sound the alarm.
That's what makes "The Critic" a delight.
Because the women were unable to pay for abortions on their own, they felt coerced into having their babies, including when it could have endangered their health, they argued.
"God does not throw stones on a human being just like that!"
Tigers 8, White Sox 5 Kirk Gibson hit a three-run homer out of Tiger Stadium yesterday to lead the Tigers past the Chicago White Sox and their struggling ace, Jack McDowell, 8-5.
In 1983, Li Zhu, the principal investigator at Beijing Medical University's National Center for Maternal and Infant Health, working with Brian McCarthy of the C.D.C.
Most of the 358 items realized higher prices than expected and only one offering, a suite of Louis XVI-style furniture, did not sell.
Mrs. Whitman made her tax-cut promise late in last fall's campaign, when she was trailing.
Heat the other skillet and divide the cabbage between the two skillets.
It is almost too late for the Knicks to make major offensive adjustments.
Life in New York City can be nasty, brutish and short.
But you wouldn't know that from looking at the markets around the world.
DAVID J. FORBERT North White Plains, N.Y., July 25 The writer, a photographer, once owned a photograph agency.
In October, the Mayor developed sweeping new requirements for people who receive welfare benefits, compelling them to work for the city.
Build temples handsomely equipped with ashtrays and ornamented with the new logo.
DEREK DEAN, the artistic director of the English National Ballet, who is directing the program, said this week that Ms. Guillem wanted to perform "Herman Schmerman," a 1992 work by William Forsythe, in which she has starred for the Royal Ballet.
NOW that the coldest winter months have arrived, the county has announced that eligible individuals may apply for financial aid to help defer some of their home-heating costs.
Yet the marriage worked, and Mr. Bell makes it seem, by and large, a good one for both of them.
On Friday, almost a decade after the decision was made, the E.P.A.
The 700-word form states near the bottom, "I further consent to the testing of drugs, if deemed advisable by my physician."
Doubtless well-armed and fanatic white extremists still threaten South Africa's democratic transition; so does ethnic rivalry between Zulus and other groups.
Now those efforts are being intensified as officials struggle to better understand the deaths.
When he won last year, Langer averaged 27.25 putts per round on the ice-slick Augusta putting surfaces.
"I thought you'd like to know that General Motors had 750 at their meeting, and I.B.M.
"This time he got me with a shoulder pad."
The Vanguard Long-Term Corporate Bond Fund leads the pack in terms of three-year performance, with both factors having worked in its favor.
Knowing so much about transportation accidents does not bother Ms. Bernstein, who has no hesitation about flying.
The New York study, sponsored by the American Foundation for AIDS Research, Amfar, is the largest and most comprehensive evaluation of needle exchange ever conducted in the United States.
Both Mr. Sterling and Neil Baldwin, the executive director of the National Book Foundation, said they failed to understand why the timing of the nomination was controversial.
"The Bosnians encouraged me to go to Pale," Mr. Redman said in an interview tonight, referring to the Muslim-led Bosnian Government in Sarajevo, "as did the United Nations, based on the fact that I know both the sides very well."
The Rockets were scoreless over the first five minutes of the final quarter.
Mr. Giuliani, meanwhile, moved to shore up other alliances.
No one was seriously hurt.
The songs alternate gracefully between black and European ballad style and are adamantly simple.
It subjects Haitians to discriminatory treatment because of their race and their lack of the powerful friends who have facilitated resettlement for comparably large groups of other nationalities.
But the military governor of Hebron, Col. Shalom Goldstein, testified that he had reported to army officers, and even to Prime Minister Rabin, that Jewish-Arab tensions in Hebron were rising.
With the last interest rate rise now a day old, traders suspect what the market now needs to know is whether the economy is stronger or weaker than the Fed is betting on.
For Venisie Royal, the gaunt but energetic leader of this remote hamlet of 274 people, there is anxiety that if the supplies run completely dry, the situation could get far worse.
Representative Jim Leach, the Iowa Republican who appears likely to become chairman of the House Banking Committee, advocated such disclosure even before mutual funds and municipal governments lost billions of dollars when rising interest rates this year drove down the value of their derivatives portfolios.
But the weapon went off and the bullet struck him in the left stomach.
In June, Mr. Frederick and 30 other classmates graduated from the high school.
Ms. Ader of Blue Cross-Blue Shield disagreed, saying: "The effect of judicial opinion, as defined by law, is that there's precedent only in jurisdictional issues.
According to one participant, the president of the University of the District of Columbia, Tilden J. LeMelle, complained that the head of the local review board had earlier been dismissed by his university.
All the houses are presented at the height of a 4-year-old, and many have boxes to step on so younger children can peer in, too.
Douglas Mirell, a lawyer for NBC, said that no one who is as much in the public eye as Miss Taylor is "can skirt the First Amendment."
Here, nearly everyone was released on bail; most who were sentenced have been placed on probation.
By accident one day he launched a model airplane into the garden of an old Ukrainian man, who broke the plane into a handful of sticks.
("Every time he turned around, there seemed to be someone new who qualified as a target for his revenge.")
Gone is a regulation on dueling that required that the winner compensate the loser's spouse.
Stay with public debt and short maturities.
Starting at 11 A.M., the block in front of Provence, at 38 MacDougal Street, between Prince and Houston streets, will be closed for a competition in the French sport petanque, which is played with metal balls.
"Given that it didn't work and that it's hard to explain, we said just forget about it."
In another threat to peace efforts, the Serbs in western Bosnia called for a general mobilization "because of danger of Croatian aggression," the Bosnian Serb news agency reported.
The Giants' defense has never looked so disorganized -- not even in two games against the defending Super Bowl champion Cowboys.
The work is subtitled "The Bill of Rights, The First Amendment."
Experience in All Branches While at least one Democratic opponent has begun to portray her succession of jobs as the mark of a party hack, Ms. Burstein said that she was the only candidate with experience in the legislative, executive and judicial branches of government, and that the attorney general must work closely with all three.
Friday's program includes a work by the festival's director, Joan Panetti, called "In the Raw Wind of the New World."
The Service Merchandise Company said yesterday that Gary M. Witkin, until recently vice chairman of Saks Fifth Avenue, had joined the catalogue showroom retailer in the new position of president and chief operating officer.
Robert Shaw's performance of Britten's "War Requiem" on Sunday afternoon at Carnegie Hall, the culmination of a weeklong choral workshop sponsored by Carnegie and led by Mr. Shaw, was, as expected, a sublime event, sure to live in the memory.
I was not prepared, however, for his next activity.
Although he presides over a luxurious casino with flourishes such as an indoor waterfall, his own office is in a construction trailer.
The other morning, I watched the Concorde, slim and curved, swooping in toward J.F.K.
At the end of the day in New York, the dollar was quoted at 97.63 yen, up from the postwar low of 96.12 yen in early trading and 96.65 yen on Tuesday.
Mr. Van Doren agonizes but never summons the courage to confess.
Mary Beth Peil Fergus .
Angered, the Jordanian Army called loudly for a crackdown on the Palestinians.
I mean, I started working in the summers when I was 13.
Rabbi Halperin's institute has devised a special Sabbath elevator programmed to stop at designated floors so observant passengers never have to press buttons.
"But you'd worked there five years.
One of the victims, William Macko, was a friend of Mr. Deleo's.
State Senator A. P. Sands 3d, a Democrat, and Richard Burr, a Republican, will vie for Mr. Neal's seat in the Fifth Congressional District.
Messier sounded as if he were making sure to say the the right thing, the safe thing.
A week earlier, they had blown a 16-point, fourth-quarter lead in a double-overtime defeat against the Los Angeles Lakers.
"They have never got over the defeat on the Plains of Abraham," the battle in 1759 that established British rule in Canada.
She was very adamant and really wanted to stay."
What marks it as a quantum leap over Mr. LaChiusa's earlier work is the aching sadness that permeates the heated encounters.
Testifying in a Federal lawsuit maintaining that negligence by the Hilton hotel here allowed rampant sexual misconduct at a 1991 convention of Navy fliers, a security guard who was on duty at the hotel said that there had been few problems at the event and that he had seen no harassment of women.
"If I wasn't in such great shape I would have been killed or at least broken my hip," Mrs. Papa said the other day.
At 3:30 A.M., Greenwich time, the next day, Hall abandoned Gartmore in the dark.
But you don't have to be at the other end of the world to enjoy these sensations.
Those three paragraphs sum up a belief important in American liberal intellectual life -- the belief that war against crime and drugs is largely aimed at and hurts the poor and wastes huge amounts of money that could be used to fight the poverty, discrimination and educational deprivation that are the root causes of crime.
The Power PC delay does not mean that I.B.M.
None of the negative stereotypes show up in the answers, but even positive stereotypes cause pigeonholing.
"Previously undiscovered specimen of the most desired baseball card on the planet," the catalogue gushes.
The department found them guilty of harassing the tenants and fined them $30,500.
The suddenly vulnerable and even shockingly inept-at-times American League East.
"The partnership with Lazard will bring to Credit Agricole new special relationships with multinational companies and experience in structured finance," said Lucien Douroux, the chief executive of Credit Agricole, which is the central organization of more than 3,000 rural banking cooperatives in France.
9 Beliefs: Growing debate over a report on the religious right.
Her mother is a lay minister of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Syracuse.
Chambers secret Government documents for delivery to the Soviet Union in 1937 and 1938.
"What we will have now is a complete circus," Mr. Kuby said.
The company said that it will repurchase an additional $ 4 million of its common shares, as a result of completing a $ 3 million repurchase begun in May 1992.
A layup of an offensive rebound by Kevin Willis, who had a superb game with 31 points and 11 rebounds, pulled Atlanta to within 3 points, at 86-83, with 24.3 seconds to play.
"She seemed to all of us the right person for the job, which had no political responsibilities whatsoever."
It was there he spied his future.
It recently announced quarterly dividends of 700 percent, but the figure is based on par value.
"I hope she's in there long enough that she never hears anyone call her 'mommy' " Mrs. Dunne said.
A lot of people would love the answer.
Ms. Childs herself came out with an African-styled headdress and a shell necklace.
They needed a few lottery prizes to become the Celtics again.
"They're going to use me as -- though they didn't use the word -- a scapegoat, as a message to the Conservatives."
"We squeeze every nickel and dime here to get something done.
Emotional and physical pain ruled Mr. Solymosi's performance in Act 3, which became a cry for help to which Miss Benjamin responded with electrifying rapport even while being flipped over her partner's shoulder.
But he made it clear that his mind was not closed.
well, perhaps, but I know plenty of 20-year-olds who knew exactly what they wanted and had it all together at 22.
It is not the most polarized or confounding situation he has ever seen, Usery said yesterday.
Mrs. Clausen's trip to her office at a midtown Manhattan bank takes two hours door-to-door; she won't see daybreak this time of year until the bus nears Newark.
Over the years the company, whose rich backlist includes books by Nadine Gordimer, Scott Turow and Walker Percy, has been approached eagerly by a number of large companies, including publishing giants such as Penguin and Advance Publications, which owns Random House.
Lisa Sokol, an art consultant who lives at Gateway Plaza 600, said, "I'm expecting my first child at the end of September and I am very worried because they start on the project the beginning of October."
But two albums into a solo career, she has grown tougher and more complicated.
She said the law made no such provision for what she considered a waiver of the fire codes, and she insisted that each school pass inspection before opening.
He still has the touch, as demonstrated in "Criminal Conversation," which combines elements from the 87th Precinct police procedurals Mr. Hunter writes under the name Ed McBain with an oddly touching love story.
She proposes that spiders incorporate into their webs visual signals like attractive zigzag designs and faux floral colors that are irresistible to a wide range of insects.
Most polls have shown that Ms. Burstein is leading Mr. Vacco, though a large portion of the electorate, as much as 40 percent, remains undecided.
He took over Wagner Farms in 1978, after his father's death, and has increased his vineyard holdings from 40 to 130 acres.
I'd be another Lester Piggott."
I can't think of what to say or do.
It had languished overnight in a marinade of onions, scallions, thyme, allspice (which Jamaicans call pimento), paprika, garlic and other condiments.
But Fehr and the union have yet to convince the proper people on that point.
Both Mr. Robb and Mr. Wilder have suffered serious political damage because of their feud.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 46.36 points, to 3,774.73.
Just like offsetting the loss of Sharpe.
They have one extra forward, two extra defensemen and three goalies.
We lived in East Flatbush then.
I AM ROE: My Life, Roe v. Wade, and Freedom of Choice.
In addition, the Times Company said it had entered into a new long-term agreement to buy newsprint from Abitibi-Price.
"Their breakfast and lunch here may be the only good meals they get."
In that capacity he visited Italy, where he was enthralled by the gardens.
And he is definitely out of the first preseason game against Miami on July 30.
Malcolm X loved black Americans and inspired them to love themselves.
Instead, he waited to release the 1993 figures this week along with those for 1994.
He said he expected to begin the renovation in the spring and phase in assisted-living residents while continuing to operate the building as a hotel.
U.S. Electricar has arranged for a Japanese trading company to market its electric vehicles in Japan.
Sometimes the pipes leak because of age, construction work, or because stray electric currents in the ground, usually from the subway system, eat away at the metal.
Charlotte Hornets forward LARRY JOHNSON was activated yesterday after missing more than two months because of a sprained lower back.
Sharnteek Whitmore, 27, a barber who has been cutting hair for 11 years, said that lately, almost a quarter of his customers at the S & B Barber Shop on Malcolm X Boulevard in Harlem ask for Afros.
There will be good days and bad.
For the Government in Khartoum, which is bent on spreading Islamic dominance, often through policies of ethnic cleansing, it is a war of ideology.
They advertised the area as a desert paradise for the outdoor adventurer.
IN 1990, Peter Larson, president of the Black Hills Institute of Geological Research, and his colleagues discovered an outcrop of fossil bones on the South Dakota ranch of Maurice Williams, a Sioux Indian, whose property was "in trust" to the Federal Government -- an arrangement by which the Government retains certain rights to the land, in exchange for freedom from property taxes.
Common * Lam Research Corp., Fremont, Calif., filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a proposed offering of 2.5 million shares through Smith Barney.
Mr. Petrie passed on the chance to buy the chain.
"He has all the physical attributes to be the type of defenseman every team needs, a big, tough defenseman to move players out front in front of the net.
They include Russian Jews in Brighton Beach, Haitians in East Flatbush and Asians in Sunset Park, among others.
If they now do so, that man, Tony George, should turn back from what could be a costly mistake for Indy car racing.
The company has been busily acquiring information for CD-ROM titles.
It's not something I even want to do."
The team got this far in 1954, 1986 and 1990, and after its 2-2 tie with Spain, South Korea's record in the World Cup finals is now 0-7-3.
IN a rare example of a military contractor successfully converting its technical expertise into viable commercial products, the Rockwell International Corporation has developed several promising new technologies for the fast-emerging market for smart cars and the smart highways on which they will travel.
The industry's many critics argue that it is cigarettes that do the killing.
Those planes are equipped with laser-guided bombs, and were used against Iraqi tanks and other targets in the gulf war.
Mills finished with 20 points.
That's because they were required to, the lounge manager, Christine Fava, said.
Agassi delivered a weak serve and pretended to struggle with the ballgirl's return.
There are no abstractionists, unless one counts Ralph Wickiser, who does not paint objects but rather their reflections -- seemingly in water.
The Hot Fudge Disaster ($3.60) comes with a double portion of hot fudge.
"I think it's just terrific," said Kim Hayden of nearby Avon.
Riley needed to get his players' attention.
It ain't that way any more.
X-rays at the arena were negative, but the club's third-leading scorer was scheduled to undergo a magnetic resonance imaging test and a bone scan tonight.
"I have a nasty mind," he said, in tones suggesting that this helped qualify him for service in the Balkans.
Unlike Ms. Siebert, he does not conclude that investors are losers in the current price war.
Mr. Plavoukos said he had discussed the changes "for several months" with Mr. Miller and Kenneth L. Robbins, the chairman and chief executive of Lintas Worldwide in New York.
But other issues remain unsolved.
He received a bachelor's degree from Yale University and a master's degree from the University of London, and he from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts in London.
He has made crucial steals and clutch 3-pointers.
Although the iodine can be pulled out of the water before it leaves the system, Mr. Dunk said it also could be left in.
Ms. McNair's mannerisms teeter constantly on the edge of overkill, yet the other elements of her music making are so intelligently devised, and ultimately so compelling, that one forgets and accepts, often happily.
The city would receive some of the profit.
None of them is on a career track.
Foster finished with 44 rushing yards; Smith gained 171.
"People were screaming and crying: 'My God!
After revising its books, the Dinkins campaign was fined $320,000 for overspending in the Democratic mayoral primary.
But "the first thing to know," says John Hatchett, executive director of the People With AIDS Coalition of New York, who tested positive in 1988, "is that there are a lot of us, and that there are plenty of people eager to help others benefit from their experience or be able to avoid the mistakes they made."
But I said in spring training that we were going to surprise some people."
Caught from behind as the doctor pushed aside heavy sliding doors, I was told, "You have found Miss Bishop."
As a result, the "CBS Evening News" commercials have been awarded the dreaded lead medal for base, and debased, performance, in this column's post-Olympics advertising review.
In these conditions, the coach of the national team doesn't always know who is an actor and who is a player."
It was not the reporter's.
Inside, however, the rather cold results of a 1980's renovation -- higher ceilings, brighter lighting -- have forever done away with the happy coziness that tempered Pappagallo's elegance.
Rudolf Scharping, the 46-year-old Social Democrat who hopes to upset the Chancellor, described the race as "completely open" in his last day of campaigning on Friday.
Barely a moment into his argument, a panelist, Marvin E. Frankel, a retired Federal judge now in private practice, broke in.
But the organization has taken no formal position yet on hollow-point bullets, which are said to do less damage than the dum-dums.
His mother teaches reading at Public School 186 in Brooklyn.
"But during the post-season, the atmosphere is different.
Although these Commerce Department figures might favor Texas slightly by including some goods made elsewhere but only stored here, few doubt that Texas is the overwhelming leader.
"The only thing that's changed is that now I'll get to go to Norway, and that will be fun."
" She graduated in 1932, at the nadir of the Depression, but met greater obstacles than the feeble economy.
As the law mandated, Tiffany was wearing a safety helmet; she was spared injury more serious than a broken leg when she was flung head first into the front grill of a Mercedes Benz.
I've rummaged through the six-page transcript of the "Inside Edition" two-part Harding interview, which starts today at 1 P.M. on WNYW-TV/Channel 5, and concludes Monday at 1.
She wasn't mingling because she'd been on her feet all day, rehearsing for her world tour of "Hello, Dolly!"
Hiring a self-employed cleaning person (someone not affiliated with a service) to clean a one-bedroom apartment in New York City costs an average of $40 to $50.
SUBWAY CARD TROUBLES COSTLY TO RIDERS Some subway riders who swipe their new fare cards improperly through turnstile slots, then try again at another turnstile, have been charged twice, transit officials said.
Your response to the show will depend entirely on how receptive you are to this type of charm.
Locals say the man-made tunnels in the cliffs extend for about four miles.
Maurice Roos, the chief hydrologist of the California Department of Water Resources, said he had not read Dr. Stine's report in Nature.
"He got to the free-throw line just too many times," Riley said of Miller.
playoff schedule precluded, for various reasons, third and fourth games that would have provided a broader geographic mix and slightly better ratings.
At the same time, the unemployment rate, which is calculated from a separate survey of the nation's households, was unchanged at 6.5 percent, the department said.
Each stands alone, a separate work of art.
But it would let states allow mothers to fulfill part of their required preparation for employment in parent education courses, as long as they spent most of their time looking for a job, Ms. Bane said.
The two arrived by bus in October 1989.
No Drinking or Rock Music A fairly rigid social code prohibits rock-and-roll music, smoking, drinking and taking drugs.
"I don't think the system works as well as it could.
Mr. Munoz said the government had given $600,000 in subsidies to dairy farmers.
It typically takes one to three months from the time a home is started until it is finished and ready to live in.
When they feel I am no longer adequately representing their interests, they will surely let me know.
" But the pressure in New York and at Madison Square Garden has been especially intense for Smith ever since he missed three excruciating layups with the Knicks trailing by 1 point in the final seconds of an eventual 97-94 loss to the Bulls in Game 5 of the 1993 conference finals.
I'd rather you walked out without anything."
I find it curious that in 1993 this same study reported as preliminary findings: "Adoptees showed higher rates of licit drug use, illicit drug use, negative emotionality, antisocial behavior and amphetamine use than nonadoptees.
Neither side disclosed the sales price, which did not include the townhouse the restaurant occupies at 249 East 50th Street.
"We've received a lot of complaints," said Robert W. Gluck, the Middlesex County Prosecutor.
Most are part of the class known by the NATO code-name Foxtrot, which can fire up to 21 torpedoes or be used to lay mines.
Commerce is about going for the jugular.
Mr. Simon, a songwriter who produced albums for the Band and others, has a likable singing voice, a reedy, good-natured tenor.
The ecological concern is more directly related to the construction of the overrun.
Ms. Guarino was executive assistant to the superintendent.
The Party of God guerrillas said they killed or wounded 12 Israeli-backed South Lebanon Army militiamen in the ambush.
Regular inspections of these seven sites were broken off a year ago after the International Atomic Energy Agency first found evidence it was being deceived by North Korea.
It may also help in programming the flight of the Mars Global Surveyor, which will be launched in 1996 to map Mars.
Other courses are more rigorous.
Kent pounded the ball deep to center, deep but low, and it just cleared the wall for a two-run homer, Kent's second home run in consecutive at-bats.
He did a three-part front-page series for The Las Vegas Sun.
Even if he is ultimately persuaded to stay on, his unhappiness reflects a broader disaffection among many Palestinians with Mr. Arafat's performance since he returned to Gaza in July to run day-to-day affairs.
George Bardes performed the ceremony at the Church of St. Thomas More in New York.
"This is not a broad amnesty."
Ms. Borakove said the autopsy found that Mr. Dalipram was struck by four bullets.
He plainly doesn't cultivate allies; he doesn't delegate enough; he doesn't laugh enough.
CHUCK HEFFERNAN Boston, Sept. 1, 1994
Apollo, one of them notes early on, liked women "dumb and dancing/ And chose no woman poet to inspire."
In the high-power section such custodial functions are always performed by officers, he said, thus costing nothing extra for Mr. Simpson.
City Tavern is not Mr. Staib's first encounter with American history.
has instituted flagrant foul calls, added a point system leading to suspensions and upped the fines, among other things.
Feature Reporting, Newspapers -- Ruth Reichl, now of The New York Times, for her writing last year in The Los Angeles Times.
Joseph Buckley, an analyst with Bear, Stearns & Company, said he considered Tuesday's defeat for the gambling industry more an anomaly than a trend.
So for those who find themselves in the lamentable state of Bachelorhood II, here are a few personal suggestions to supplement those you may get from Heloise.
"SURE we would have preferred a designer leather-goods store," said Amy Strong, Sterling's director of retail leasing.
International Ecuador and its creditor banks have reached a foreign debt agreement that will restructure the country's payments on $7.6 billion in debt and overdue interest over the next 30 years.
The Fugitive In the sting operation, Federal agents concocted a story of a fugitive who was staying in an apartment in Mount Vernon, where the agents planted a gym bag filled with more than $31,000 in cash.
When she reached the porch she was able to pull herself up by the rail and climb.
C1 Music on New Year's Eve.
Intercollegiate Football Conference championship game, busting through the Lakers' defense for 361 total yards and 5 touchdowns.
The officer, Anderson Garron, 29, is charged in the death of John B. Phillips Jr., 36, of Bridgeton.
But even though he does not have the history of good relations with Mr. Daschle that he enjoyed with Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Dole visited the Democratic caucus to assure members that he planned to deal as fairly with them as Mr. Mitchell had with him.
The step brought a vast potential range of new customers within Philips's reach, he said.
Two guitarists, a bassist and the singer stood on stage in a perfect straight line, bouncing up and down in time to every song and smiling at one another after each metal-fortified number.
At that point, he was sent to Alcatraz.
But I started improving," he says.
Designed by Tiffany & Company, The Presidents Cup, a 14-inch, sterling silver and gold cup -- and individual pride -- are the only things at stake.
Just Following Orders Fraser said that he was merely obeying a National Hockey League directive, issued last week, commanding the referees to cut down on hooking, holding and interference that allow mediocre players to negate more skilled players.
Roberto Baggio of Italy is considered by many to be the top player in the sport, and it is a jersey he gave to Charlie Stillitano that is serving as a yardstick for the ups and downs of the Italian team in the World Cup.
The Attorney General's comments reflect her support for the views of the intelligence agencies, the Pentagon, the State Department and the Justice Department, all of which opposed any leniency for Mr. Pollard.
I urge the citizens of this great nation to continue this beloved tradition and to strengthen it by gathering in their homes and places of worship to express their heartfelt gratitude for the many blessings of our lives.
Most securities firms, however, have somewhat lower ratings in the range of single-A.
Let him know Russia is a great country -- and to play with it in this way, I want one thing today and tomorrow another, that won't work now."
The new policy represents a significant shift for the Federal agency, which had been requiring the owners of planes and ships that inadvertently brought stowaways to the United States to pay the cost of their detention.
A boat crammed with Dominicans trying to slip into the United States capsized and sank today, killing at least 15 people.
"We talked with him about forming one since early in the year, after interest rates started to rise," said Mr. Swan, who is treasurer of the Pacific Scientific Company and sits on the board of the Southern California Bank.
Bophuthatswana (pronounced bah-POO-tots-wah-nah, and often called Bop) is an eccentric realm of casinos, platinum mines and prairie villages scattered in six pieces across northern South Africa.
A close adviser to Mr. Yeltsin said, "If it were easy, the thing would have been settled long ago."
The quaint 200-year-old charmer boasts old-fashioned country gardens and summery dining rooms with floral wallpaper, black-and-white turn-of-the-century photographs, feathery palms and pale-wood floors and flowers everywhere.
P. T. Polysindo EKA Perkasa, $200 million of senior notes due in 2004, ---/BB-/BB.
This year, she created the Foundation for the International Study of Astrology, based in Tucson, which she hopes will bring her field into the 20th century by financing astrological research and education internationally.
Scrambling to keep part of its power grid from toppling like a string of dominoes, Con Edison turned off electricity to more than 20 large apartment buildings on the Upper East Side of Manhattan last night.
"Along with three white shirts, a black knit tie, a black bow tie and underwear."
"I'm not going to say it was my best game," he said.
"In previous times it used to be a declaration of war; yesterday we have heard a declaration of peace," Foreign Minister Shimon Peres said.
The population of Africa, for example, will triple by the year 2025.
In the film's most extravagantly entertaining sequence, Will is invited to a soiree at Alden's estate for the express purpose of being dismissed -- or, to put it more politely, reassigned to a meaningless job in Eastern Europe.
"This is an unacceptable waste," the statement said.
Mr. Cuomo told reporters after his speech that he preferred to let the news media continue to explore that question, rather than engaging in a tax-cutting duel.
The Charlotte, a chopped mixture of greens, roasted peppers and asparagus beautifully nestled in radiccio leaves, is the top pick.
And there is Ms. Haran, in blue jeans and a sleeveless black top, her strawberry-blond hair tousled, her demeanor down-to-earth and her sensibilities very 90's.
The most recent of these latter-day Tolstoyans is the eminent historian William L. Shirer, whose works include "Berlin Diary" and "The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich."
Representative Edward Kasputis, a Republican whose northeastern district does not include Linndale, sponsored the amendment voiding the town's ticket-writing ability.
But the excitement the players showed in both their performances and their statements suggests that the orchestra may be on to something.
Boys' choirs and other performing groups involving children customarily rely on charm to resolve deficits in musical polish.
Yet, in trying to slow the process, Russia is responding with its own foolishness.
Mr. Kazarian said he was "disappointed that the full Borden board declined to meet to discuss our proposal and financing, or to establish a level playing field."
But it said the accounting office "should not risk its reputation for objectivity by moving into policy advocacy."
When inflation is high, she said, businesses tend to time investments to minimize the erosion of returns by inflation.
But he also said that he "did not consider white lies for the purpose of practical logistics as a breach of my honor."
For Mr. Weinberg, the grotesque ambition of Nazi foreign policy is the theme that ties together the years 1939-45.
Many of the 250 specimens are mounted in dramatic poses as the animals must have appeared while hunting or eluding predators, climbing branches, rearing up or running.
Most of the cattle at Hudson Pines Farm, often seen loitering in the fields off Route 448, are Simmentals, a beef cattle native to the Simme River Valley, north of the Bernese Alps in Switzerland.
said it was up to each Federal department and agency to calculate the value of the parking space it provided.
Apple says Pippin is designed to make it easy for software makers to convert Macintosh game and educational CD-ROM programs to the Pippin format.
In his report, Mr. Quinn raised his 1995 earnings estimate for Lotus by at least 30 cents a share and said the company's shares could reach a range of $90 to $100 in the next 12 months.
He has expanded his compositional range by writing movie soundtracks ("The Last Emperor") and music for theater ("The Catherine Wheel").
And since by law university students can study what they like, they are rarely guided toward degrees with better job prospects.
The Dow, S.& P. 500 and Nasdaq composite index all fell sharply until 3 P.M.
HE DIDN'T LIKE TAPPING IN WHITE TIE AND tails, preferring a soft, beat-up fedora to a top hat.
with them," Mr. Yauch said.
A decision is expected early next year, he added.
Broadcasters' Argument The broadcasting measure, if it became law, could delay development of high-definition television, or HDTV.
As South Africa prepares for change, the nation has found that it can laugh at itself and has spawned an industry of liberation collectibles.
"They're not doing real great with Washington-based interest groups," said John Rother, the legislative director of the American Association of Retired Persons and president of the Health Care Reform Project, a coalition that is pushing for comprehensive restructuring and that supports much of the Clinton plan.
"He's made the difference," said Ms. Jeffe, the political analyst.
Shares of Chiron fell $5.125, to $52.625, in Nasdaq trading.
CANDIDATE: Eliot L. Spitzer PRODUCER: Austin/Sheinkopf, New York City and Baraff Communications, Yorktown, N.Y.
The question of what is black dance is one that black dancers and choreographers themselves have wrestled with in a larger context.
16 Inquiries in 4 Decades The plans for the officer, who has yet to be appointed, is the latest development in the Government's long effort to rid the private hauling industry of corruption.
It involves a 1989 trade agreement between the United States and Japan and was not part of the eight-month-long broad-based talks intended to open Japan's markets for autos, telecommunications, insurance and medical equipment.
Crowds began to gather almost as soon as the troops arrived with all-terrain vehicles mounted with machine guns and sealed off the streets, swiftly attracting vendors selling chunks of sugar cane and cold sodas from ice chests.
To the Editor: Kudos to Blanche Wiesen Cook and Sandi E. Cooper for responding with eloquence and not a little common sense to the trashing of the City University of New York (Op-Ed, Sept. 8).
Then he tore knee ligaments in a club match last March 6.
We were hardly around the first bend in the river when we spotted two moose drinking near the water's edge.
They beat her, kicked her and then chased her under the boardwalk, where, they said, four of the men raped her.
The Haitians, on the other hand, leave by the thousands every day.
In a science that is new -- post-modern -- a science producing ideas that in a certain sense allow it to transcend its own limits.
White House and Pentagon officials, in a meeting with representatives of the television networks, asked for a broadcast blackout of eight hours.
To them let us say, may the day of judging President Nixon on anything less than his entire life and career come to a close.
Tickets, $500, from (718) 470-8690.
If he does, he must tell us, soon, not Oct. 14, what he will do if Britain and France pull their troops out of Bosnia as they threaten, or if the war spreads.
"President Nasser knew what it was to be poor, but there is no one like him left."
It will broadcast the ad in which Ms. Stokes talks about condom use only after 11 P.M.
And while Mr. Donahue and his colleagues Oprah, Sally, Geraldo et alia have been on the air for years, it is only very recently that television has reached beyond the studio to embrace talk in its most freewheeling form -- as live, interactive, anyone-can-call-in entertainment.
But don't play air guitar unless the traffic is stopped.
Her program also includes two delightful obscurities.
CASCADE COURT, in the First Hill neighborhood of Seattle, is an anomaly, an architecturally handsome complex for low-income people that fits easily into the neighborhood.
If the death penalty is imposed, how fair is it to execute someone condemned on half the evidence?
"If they wish to deny us information, they could do so," he said, although he noted that the agency had found no evidence of unsafe derivatives activities at brokerage firms.
Wall Street analysts said at the time of the divestiture that by getting out of the hospital business, Humana was acknowledging the failure of its efforts to use health maintenance organizations to supply a steady stream of patients to its hospitals.
The long, often-postponed trial of the men who tried to overthrow Mikhail S. Gorbachev has taken a strange twist in its final days with the state prosecutor asserting that Mr. Gorbachev may have encouraged the plotters by not opposing them strongly enough.
But every six months, she sends out a round of resumes for the business jobs she covets.
What's this country coming to?
The company of five (including Ms. Cannon, a guitarist and a fiddler) will perform at this benefit for the Stevens Cooperative School, a private school in Hoboken run by the students' families, for children ages 3 to 9 years.
"That's another reflection of the New Jersey economy.
To the Editor: For the last 12 days the most incredible story has captured the pages of The New York Times.
City officials have said BAE engineers have to customize computer software to handle each problem.
Considering what's happening to the world, this seems very likely to make him an "angry ecoactivist."
"The foundation world is in a yeasty and creative period; its members are thinking and worrying," he said, arguing that these are cynical times when no organization is immune from scrutiny, including hospitals, universities and religious groups.
The next day Mr. Lake's conclusions were formally embraced at a meeting of the President's top advisers that neither Mr. Clinton nor Vice President Al Gore attended, and American policy on the 32-month-old war in Bosnia reached an important milestone.
Within his own ranks, such disavowals do not always go down well, and his latest remarks provoked a public spat with Alessandra Mussolini, the dictator's granddaughter, who holds one of the party's seats in Parliament.
The budget called for a 7.2 percent increase in school taxes.
After all, no one is immune."
The names of both Chita Rivera and Shirley MacLaine have surfaced but thus far have stayed afloat no longer than the opening scene.
How are investors greeting these, gulp, derivatives?
Not all these bras are created equal.
When a jury is selected, the case will be tried in Jackson in the same courtroom where Mr. Beckwith's juries twice deadlocked.
He says every study of the effectiveness of shoulder rumble strips has shown that the benefit to cost ratio is very high: at least 50 to 1 and as great as 200 to 1.
The circuit takes account of the three-dimensional surround-sound pattern in which modern film soundtracks are recorded.
Whitaker, a former junior welterweight who won his welterweight title by defeating James (Buddy) McGirt in Madison Square Garden last year, retained it in the bout against Chavez, which was ruled a majority draw after two of the judges scored it even and one gave it to Whitaker.
Cuban policy is not being made in the real interest of the American people, in the real interest of the United States economy or in the interest of the Cuban-American community.
Exports grew 3.6 percent, while imports rose 2.8 percent, largely because of purchases of foreign oil.
"I hope differences can be resolved," Mr. Gaviria said, "because judicial cooperation is quintessential to Colombia's fight against drug trafficking."
So they had no record of actual blood sugar levels, which change all the time.
County officials said they were only trying to get taxpayers the best deal possible.
They waited for Pippen and Grant, who were still in the trainer's room.
COLLEGE FOOTBALL ROUGH MAGIC Bill Walsh's Return to Stanford.
"Imagine a bunch of goofy swallows inside the head of the father of our country," he said.
Widowhood exposes the differences between these lifelong friends.
Bond yields surged yesterday, as the second leg of the Treasury's quarterly refunding drew less demand than expected and the auction of the new 10-year note went poorly.
But the huge credit-card association has looked at nine office buildings in White Plains, and in Stamford, Conn.
They would have tried to convince him to speak to the doctor."
Mr. Jacobs of Bernstein & Company recently calculated that over the next four years the Gannett Company, the largest newspaper company in the country, was likely to have about $1 billion in cash available for investment, while the Tribune Company was likely to have $700 million and Knight-Ridder about $600 million.
"Why this has taken off at the level it has is beyond me," he said.
THE Westchester Philharmonic and the Westchester Symphony.
Sarajevo Solution Unique Mr. Churkin told German television that he was very skeptical that the Sarajevo model could be used in such other places because the situation in the capital was unique.
McHenry Boatwright, a baritone who appeared in opera and concerts, died on Saturday at his home in Manhattan.
The decision said rules prohibiting homosexuals were no different than other employment restrictions, like those imposing height or age restrictions or requiring good eyesight.
The Mayor talked easily with constituents who called him a man of character and who said they were "thrilled" at the election of a "fair" and "objective" politician.
In addition, experts say, utility stocks generally do not do well in periods of rising interest rates because utilities need a great amount of capital and must borrow at the higher rates.
The jury decided that Mr. Haft acted without sufficient cause a year ago when he dismissed his elder son, Robert M. Haft, from his jobs as president of the Dart Group and chairman of the Crown Books Corporation.
The variety of jars is dizzying, with some enticing labels: mistletoe leaf, balm of Gilead buds, even frankincense and myrrh.
Through these settlements, Prudential disposed of potentially large liabilities for pennies on the dollar.
While unions, which have seen their membership decline in recent years, have made positive contributions, the commission found, nonunion companies also function well.
Martin Marietta, based in Bethesda, Md., bought the aerospace electronics division of the General Electric Company in 1992, and last year acquired General Dynamics Corporation's space booster business.
It was a Victorian Las Vegas, a town for high rollers, swells and nabobs riding the big-money wave of the Gilded Age.
The skater's high school classmates and teachers, sounding like the witnesses in Woody Allen's parody documentary "Zelig," are hard pressed to remember much about Ms. Kerrigan beyond her smile and good manners.
The corporation counsel's office handles nearly 25,000 appeals a year, he said.
For many African-Americans, he was a black leader hounded and investigated, and finally humiliated by a racist white society.
Cycles and Chance Like other concert promoters, Mr. Scher attributed the summer glut to the cyclical nature of the concert business and to coincidence.
If left to wander about, they argued, even the most conscientious juror would be tainted because of The Enquirer's "ubiquitous presence in every grocery store, newsstand and shopping mall."
But spokesmen for three major Big Brother organizations operating in New York City said they had no record of Dr. Cortes, and Lieutenant Bianco said the police had no confirmation of his involvement in the program beyond statements from the boys who said he sponsored them.
Writing for the Court today, Justice David H. Souter noted that the 1924 law did not include "so much as a word about fault."
Fire Chief Lyn Hutton of Cherry Grove described its evacuation procedures.
Recycling here means dandying up old stars to extend their lives, reviving old hits that fell on hard times, sometimes even bringing back a flop to try once more.
One of the women, Jennifer Branham, had dated a man who posted some of the messages.
"We are today announcing Dallas as the capital of North America," Mr. Bryant said at a ceremony.
Frenzy Over Jobs The horse-trading is not confined to the issue of Mr. Delors's successor.
Article 147 says he may "grant amnesty only for political matters as stipulated by law," and does not give him the authority to pardon common criminals.
The debate promises to touch more and more lives.
Most of us began with macrame plant holders and easy-to-grow spider plants.
I'd be sort of floating as I'm guided by someone, and it will save their back.
Only the Beginning The deal with Diversified catapulted SmithKline into direct competition with Merck & Company, the largest drug maker, which acquired Medco Containment Services, also a managed care drug distributor, last November for $6.6 billion.
For years, the block was the home to the revue "Forbidden Broadway," which played at Theater East before closing earlier this month.
Some 10,000 candy bars will be handed out, marking the launch of a new milk-chocolate-and-peanut-butter concoction called PB Select.
Philip Guarascio, 53, general manager of North American marketing and advertising, was elected vice president.
Four hundred of them were returned today, with their approval, to Haiti.
The presence of real players (Keith Hernandez, Bret Saberhagen) and the announcers Bob Costas and Tim McCarver add some fun.
But researchers have found that people who take medication through hand-held pumps often breathe so inefficiently that most of the medicine is wasted.
To see Terese Capucilli rise up as a towering red specter of war is to shudder at the apocalyptic height of Graham's vision.
I have always been open to any kind of new idea.
Skip Holtz, best known as an offensive coach, was an assistant under his father with the Fighting Irish and also at Florida State and Colorado before taking the top job at Connecticut, in Storrs, Conn. (AP) West Virginia 16, Ball State 14 Freshman Bryan Baumann's 33-yard field goal with 8 seconds remaining helped West Virginia even its record at Morgantown, W. Va., by beating Ball State, the 1993 Mid-American Conference champion.
"This collection can only enhance that reputation."
The Justice Department is also looking into the auto makers' sales to car rental companies, she said.
When the Independent Counsel Act is revived -- as it ought to be -- then this special prosecutor can give way to a court-appointed prosecutor operating with even more independence.
Unbeknown to Souter, Federal appellate Judge Edith H. Jones of Texas was also in the White House, undergoing similar scrutiny; over the weekend George Bush had narrowed his short list to two by deleting Federal appellate Judges Clarence Thomas and Laurence Silberman, both of Washington.
"Henn on Copyright Law: A Practitioner's Guide" was reissued in its third edition in 1991, followed by a supplement the year after that.
And, referring to "the immigrant invasion," Gov.
There are plenty of arresting images in BILL BRANDT: Photographs 1928-1983 (Thames and Hudson, paper, $24.95).
The nine-bill package known as Megan's law, signed by Gov.
You cannot reform and privatize any more quickly than our government has been doing."
The cost for 10 months' enrollment at the school is $22,373 a child.
We are happy to note that spiritual pollution continues apace, and with it defiance of the totalitarian state.
There, tens of thousands of new factories have opened under the economic reforms of Deng Xiaoping, China's paramount leader.
Oakley Gains in Stature Charles Oakley, who finished with 20 points and 13 rebounds Tuesday, would have a difficult time improving on his performance.
He said the problem was twofold.
"I'm just amazed at the appetite there is for this," said Marcus J. Borg, a professor of religion and culture at Oregon State University and a leading figure among the new generation of Jesus scholars.
Taylor will have his No.
What I said last night, I was not angry, but I was determined.
The supporting players double and triple efficiently, although Susan Pilar, Jill Tasker and Robert Westenberg, who gets the play off to a brisk start as a glib auctioneer, are clearly among the more versatile.
had already begun several initiatives in response to mutual funds' growing use of derivatives.
But now Washington and Moscow are at peace, and the supercollider is just one of the scientific enterprises likely to fall victim to the end of the cold war."
"I think you create a whole other area of problems when you deal with 'three strikes you're out,' " Mr. Silver said.
Despite Mr. Rolling's guilty plea, a jury must still be picked to recommend his punishment.
There are generally two reasons for divorce: to end an intolerable marriage and to build a new and better life.
They feared that their chances of finally winning representation in Nassau government were slipping away.
The Russian Orthodox Church Outside of Russia was created during the Russian civil war to prevent any Communist influence in Orthodox churches in foreign countries.
With upturned drums forming an altar, the flags were blessed as in days of yore, when such ceremonies were held for troops as they went into battle.
"There were some errors in judgment and we've experienced a painful education process," he said.
Menu listings and prices are subject to change.
I feel great about what is happening here.
He said he agreed with the basic hardening of America's Cuba policy this week -- except that he favored a total blockade of the island -- but felt individual refugees should not be penalized.
"As far as I'm concerned," he is quoted, "it's got to be forced down their throats."
"Clearly it's a movie about abduction, and clearly he doesn't appear to be a good guy," said one of the top studio executives here.
Before he was ousted, he would sit in his Presidential Palace, railing about his imperialist neighbor to the north.
Mr. Hall said that investigators would look into past incidents for clues.
The egosphere of the capital does not take kindly to anonymity.
"It was territory previously written about by Updike and Cheever," he said, "though he was grasping that material with an extraordinary level of inventiveness.
And that, he said, is not so easy.
Powers, offered his condolences to the family.
BROOKLYN Coney Island and Brighton Beach, 2.5 miles Manhattan Beach, 0.3 miles STATEN ISLAND Wolfe's Pond, 0.4 miles Midland Beach, 2.5 miles
Mrs. Petkovic has lost two sons and a son-in-law to the Bosnian war, all of them Serbs.
That makes it a deft, mischievous, beautifully acted historical drama with exceptionally broad appeal.
Take the case of Hibbard Brown and Company, a rather large New York brokerage firm with 15 branches, hundreds of brokers, and a record of regulatory problems that goes back to 1987, according to the National Association of Securities Dealers.
Mr. Morrison doesn't think so.
On Crime: Opposes the death penalty on moral and practical grounds, but supports a referendum that would give voters a choice between the death penalty and his preferred maximum sentence of life imprisonment without parole.
Three days from today, the Yankees hope the preliminary diagnosis of tendinitis is the full extent of the damage and that Mattingly will be playing first base again.
He has not yet bought furniture.
But the figure could not be directly confirmed, and Roy Winnick, a spokesman for Hicks, Muse, had no comment.
In the 40's, after the ailing Mr. Kintz married his nurse, the stone lodge was called Kintz Garden after she opened a downstairs gift shop with that name.
Talks on settling the dispute continued, but a compromise was not imminent, both sides said.
"I can certainly see African-American ministers saying, 'He's back in the mix.
The three young men, Julio Almodovar, 21, Jose Goncalvez, 17, and Peter Perla, 18, went to the dance hall together.
Second, it must halt all missile tests and deployments.
I guess the clubs need to feel good about themselves."
But Mr. Cutler said the White House was pleased by Mr. Fiske's conclusion that there were insufficient grounds to bring criminal charges against the White House and Treasury officials who took part in those exchanges.
"Caremark absolutely denies any wrongdoing and believes it will be vindicated when all the facts are evaluated in an unbiased forum," Thomas R. Schuman, the company's general counsel, said.
We will see new virtual worlds and new abstract worlds.
All three men admitted to the judge that they stole the money for their own use and that they undertsood that it was a crime to take the money.
He saw immediately that it did indeed possess carved rails.
The central bank's top interest-rate policy panel voted at its July meeting to allow Mr. Greenspan to raise interest rates at his discretion during the following weeks rather than wait for the next meeting of the group, according to minutes of the meeting released today.
I sit around and I do the same thing about other guys around the league."
All three were held without bail in separate prisons.
Out of the timeout, Starks cut to the left corner and was open.
Brown, a 6-foot-10-inch rookie out of Louisiana Tech will start against Detroit.
These pitchers have an inner confidence in their ability, but they have to project that to managers to convince them they still can get batters out.
The fabric can then be cut into jackets and coats without the usual inner structures or linings.
"The third-down game is a little more versatile here," he said.
Carol Mele, a sales agent with The Prudential Ragette, in Eastchester, said she felt property values had been hurt by the public housing.
But it was one more night of another Knick regular-season plot twist.
This film's ending, which allows V to indulge her own heretofore-unknown ecological interests, deserves comparison with the last moments of "Indecent Proposal," a much more entertaining neo-prostitution tale.
An erudite doodler, he writes and draws in ink on linen tablecloths that are then pinned to the wall.
"It was suggestive of a cause, not proof."
Between Thanksgiving and Hanukkah, which begins tonight -- the first time the two holidays have fallen so close together since 1918 -- there were only two days to make the transition from cooking and eating to cooking and eating, with candles.
The two sides labored throughout the day, meeting jointly three separate times, the last two with reduced bargaining teams.
PETER JENNINGS REPORTING House on Fire: America's Haitian Crisis ABC, tonight at 10.
As a former head of the Florida Motion Picture, Television and Recording Industry Advisory Council, it was always my obligation to make sure that producers understood that, while the main thrust of the right-to-work law is not to require union membership as a requisite to work, the law in no way prevents unions from enforcing their collective-bargaining agreements.
But the overwhelming bulk of the devastating attacks on Sarajevo since April 1992 have come from Serbian positions in the surrounding hills.
Now, to make matters more confusing, Mr. Salle is having shows at both galleries and both open this month.
Focus Primarily Diplomatic In an interview today, Senator Graham said he had told the officials: "I have come to conclude that if your objective is the restoration of Aristide, then that objective must be matched with the means to accomplish it.
"We plan a series of initiatives to elevate the total Miller Lite franchise, of which Lite Ice is only a part," he added.
But she needed more help than that.
On that play the pass receiver must land with the ball in his possession; holding it in midair is not enough.
U S West is close to acquiring two cable systems in Atlanta from a partnership consisting of Robert M. Bass and Lehman Brothers for $1.2 billion, several people close to the transaction said yesterday.
Richard Pranke, who as an F.B.I.
The worst problem this year has been a nagging series of delays to repair cracks in the steel frame of a 17-year-old field cultivator.
Another, Nidal A. Ayyad, was found to be carrying a credit card with Mr. Alkaisi's name on it.
The embarrassment of selling off could be too great.
The Skampa Quartet of Prague played two movements of Dvorak's "American" Quartet and, at the end of the day, Smetana's Second Quartet and Janacek's First Quartet; on the evidence of the Smetana, they are a vigorous and polished group.
The leading Argentine newspaper, Clarin, reported today that on Jan. 18, the day he left Mexico, Mr. Caputo was questioned by the police there about a separate homicide case.
The sprawl, air pollution, traffic congestion and water pollution the development will generate throughout Northern Virginia, the District and the Maryland suburbs are unwelcome to most residents, not just the historians and other "elites" Mr. Safire sneers at.
Little is known about the workings of North Korea, a reclusive Communist state, so its worth as an emerging market is hard to calculate.
Unlike most other figures in the report, this is not adjusted for recurring seasonal variations.
With this list, a card holder may arrange, for a fee, to have an organization assume responsibility for notifying all the card companies of a theft.
I won't trust anyone, and, I don't know, I'm kind of afraid of everything."
"A goal always makes me excited."
Last Act for Warner Legend What do Frank Sinatra and Madonna have in common?
The result was a 99-85 victory at Madison Square Garden, a much-needed triumph for the Knicks (21-9).
Also it had advised Deutsche Telekom on a joint investment with French Telecom in Sprint International and on the purchase of a major stake in Matav, the Hungarian telephone system.
A balanced budget eliminates one of the few mechanisms to prevent mild downturns from developing into severe recessions.
"Management tends to talk to management," he said.
In New Jersey they are available at Bon Appetit, 301 North Harrison Street, Princeton, in two-ounce packages for $2.95 (that's $23.60 a pound).
doorman, dining room, 2 exposures; maintenance $2,059, 52% tax deductible, listed at $300,000, 64 weeks on market (Broker: Corcoran Group) BRONX BAYCHESTER $215,000 3318 Seymour Avenue 2-family, 30-year-old detached brick house; 3 bedrooms, 1 bath, dining room, eat-in kitchen in each unit; 1 bedroom, 1-bath hospitality suite; taxes $1,500, listed at $225,000, 12 weeks on market (Broker: ERA/ Wage Realty) SPUYTEN DUYVIL $40,000 3671 Hudson Manor Terrace (Manor Towers) 1-bedroom, 1-bath, 675-sq.-ft. postwar co-op; 24-hr.
How much and what type of urgency constitutes an exigent circumstance?
"One can only wonder how long this can go on," Professor Lardy said.
Children will no doubt want to see Waffles the Clown and Roger the Jester, listen to Heather Forest's stories or sing along with Raffi, the Canadian singer-environmentalist.
"Gris-Gris" (a term for home-brew magic charms), his first album as Dr. John, was a melange of his patented jive talk, street slang and surrealistic poetry, set to a variety of New Orleans rhythms.
Jeff Kensmoe, baritone; Amy Abraham, soprano; Judith Jarosz, alto; Kevin Robert Frost, tenor; John Trout, bass; Robbie Pennoyer, boy soprano; David Fuller, narrator; Christopher Kalmus and Catherine Nicodemo, dancers; Joanne Rogers, choreographer; John Weaver, organist and music director.
She quickly took possession of the set and made sense of its awkward topography.
Plus ratings are awarded to players who are on the ice for an even-strength or shorthanded goal by their team.
"Calvin Klein is consciously or unconsciously using Nazi images in his campaigns," Mr. Toporowicz said.
But after the Eagles tied the score at 50-50 on a baseline jumper by Curley with 12 minutes 8 seconds left, Connecticut pulled ahead to stay on an off-balance jumper by Brian Fair.
Mr. Caldwell said yesterday that he was dismissed Tuesday by Arthur Browne, editor of the editorial page, in a heated dispute over the column, which named the officer and said he was "still on the job" despite an inquiry more than a year old.
I maintain that just as parents love their children and would do almost anything to protect them, at the same time a loving and responsible parent will discipline a child when needed.
"Although Grand Central is not Union Station," said Susan E. Fine, director of real estate for the M.T.A., "the fact that one development team had been through the process of working with the public and the railroad and had achieved such astounding success was a very important factor."
Or that his girlfriend, Joanne White (Mary-Louise Parker), is a sly, winsome neurotic who never fully says what's on her mind.
Deep sea fishing by charter boat is available through Fishing Fever, (803) 869-3216 for reservations.
"My expectations were to go out and skate a clean program, which I did," Kerrigan said.
Both companies have had to cut prices and trim profits under pressure from hospitals, their main customers.
poll this week -- but won't clinch the title outright unless it wins both games this weekend and Princeton loses both.
When he was 46, it was the best year of his life.
There are also monogrammed silver money clips ($85), though her fans aren't necessarily big spenders.
"He likes to see his name."
It expresses concern that the safety of new drugs might be called into question.
Three sessions a week is the norm.
A public fund-raising drive will start this week, she said.
STUART HALPINE, gray-haired and cardiganed, has become positively shocking, and he figures he knows why.
From March 16 to Oct. 31, John Henry and four other celebrated horses are presented in shows at 10:15 A.M. and 1 and 4 P.M. At the shows, a staff member provides a brief commentary on Bold Forbes, winner of the Kentucky Derby in 1976; Rambling Willie, the richest standardbred in history when he retired in 1983; Sgt.
Value Health offers managed care benefit programs for prescription drugs, mental health and substance abuse, workers' compensation and foot care.
Flowers for a municipal service cost an extra $25, and many Russians believe profoundly that funerals without flowers are an insult to the soul.
"But Marly called us so many times," she said.
Perhaps the most widespread belief is that Mr. Colosio was done in by a traditionalist faction within his own party.
"I don't see the film as something strictly literary/narrative-based but as something equally akin to music, something composed," says Mr. Jost, who admits that such an approach does not place him in the mainstream.
Twelve of the 22 awards went to modest, small-scale projects done in New York City.
Cooking fish precisely is a much more difficult feat.
"I need to work on some things, just being more sharp, but I think years from now when I look back I'll feel good about my first game."
Mr. Whitmore and Mr. Pickens were the fifth and sixth inmates executed in Arkansas since the 1976 ruling.
The meeting was reported by both sides to have gone well, and negotiators gave no indication of Mr. Kim's death, if they knew.
Granted, there is nothing like driving along back country roads, the sun blazing down on makeshift vegetable stands and fields planted in perfect rows.
In his book "The New World Order," published in 1991, Mr. Robertson said a secret cabal of international bankers, Freemasons and occultists had brought about the French Revolution, the Russian Revolution and the Federal Reserve.
Federal Realty Investment Trust, Bethesda, Md., 2.5 million shares.
But there is a serious problem with this mass peregrination -- the travelers are almost all Japanese.
Its gunmen are believed to have been involved in incidents of murder, rape, torture, arson and other crimes on behalf of Haiti's military regime.
"The network itself is a low-profit- margin business, compared to the stations," said Michael Wolf, a partner who specializes in media companies at Booz, Allen & Hamilton, a consulting firm.
To those who had a bad hair year we offer huzzahs, hugs and cheer.
" Only one in four of those who reported having had a psychiatric disorder said they had sought professional help.
"Don't ask, don't tell," is how the Rev.
His stubbornness, and his ability to hold a grudge, are legendary among journalists, many of whom Mr. Kohl has banned from his presence for asking critical questions.
7 subway station at Main Street, Flushing.
Mr. Lautenberg said he would step up his lobbying efforts and would speak to Transportation Secretary Federico F. Pena, but given the opinions expressed today by aviation officials, it seemed unlikely that the F.A.A.
"He seems to be having a good time."
In a three-page letter responding to Mr. Levine yesterday, the Chancellor maintained a conciliatory stance.
The last time the Swiss walked away winners in soccer's ultimate tournament was in 1954, when they were the hosts and beat Italy, also by 4-1, to reach the quarterfinals.
But it was not until cardiologists asked engineers to design a high-powered, carbon dioxide laser that technology began to catch up with theory.
One theory predicted that planetary resurfacing was caused by a cataclysmic event, perhaps a meteor storm, about 300 million to 500 million years ago, after which the surface became inactive.
After earning a business degree at Lehigh University and a law degree at New York University, he joined his father's real-estate business, Sam Minskoff & Sons.
She ranks with Madeleine Vionnet, the inventor of the bias cut; Elsa Schiaparelli, who forged links with avant-garde artists like Jean Cocteau, and Gabrielle Chanel, whose style endures under the aegis of Karl Lagerfeld.
His proposals to allow the group to issue bonds to finance vast road and rail projects were rejected by finance ministers last week.
Last year, he was forced from office and charged with corruption, and this year he spent two months in jail.
Alongside Abdullah Handzic, commanding the 1st Muslim Brigade, fights Becir Mekanic, the last peacetime mayor of Vlasenica.
Black Spectrum Theater Company, Roy Wilkins Park of Southern Queens, 119th Avenue and Merrick Boulevard, Jamaica.
There was a limited list of available shows, however.
When his uncle is killed in an accident that also claims their horse, Cephus begins to believe God is vacationing in Miami.
"We're not going to take any enforcement action tomorrow, said Judy Rotholz, a spokeswoman for the State Department of Environmental Protection and Energy.
TRAVEL Fasten Seat Belts for Air Fare Takeoffs (March 1993) .
Nigeria committed 33 of the game's 38 fouls, a number of them rather violent, leaving Maradona, Caniggia, Fernando Caseres, Roberto Sensini and Diego Simeone hurting after the game.
Now all I have to do is wrap them."
Then I was in a car accident and lost my company" in March of 1993, he said.
They were 4 up, and a dazed Graham sidled over to Couples and Love.
The bridegroom, 28, graduated cum laude from Brandeis University and received a law degree from Columbia University.
But he admitted to frustration with the Bosnian Serbs, saying, "No one controls them."
An exasperated Mr. Curry, who has repeatedly said that he has supported the death penalty for more than a decade, answered, "How much of your time do you want to spend distorting other people's record?"
But Mr. Tisch has repeatedly said that he was interested in raising the value because getting the highest price possible was his responsibility as a board member.
There are plans to restore a 4-mile riverside path - initially using $1.3 million dollars inFederal financing - by turn of the century.
"In the days when I was an assistant director at MGM, the academy was the academy," says Howard Koch, who was the organization's president for three years and has produced eight Oscar telecasts.
Kenny Anderson and Derrick Coleman had 23 points apiece tonight, but they were hardly the only ones who played starring roles in the Nets' 101-97 victory over the Celtics.
And in the eyes of some, he has squandered the public relations potential of his transition by spending most of it behind closed doors or on vacation, rather than using public appearances to capitalize on the electorate's goodwill.
American officials said the United States military effort would cost more than $100 million.
"I feel like I'm in 'The Far Side,' " he said.
The Commodity Research Bureau index surged 1.39 points.
It's sad, but people are getting used to the killing."
There is a lot of empty space between home and Rome, and more and more, over the 16 years of his papacy, this space has been filled by John Paul II.
The growth was fueled by the rapid expansion of theme parks, resorts, retail stores and film and television production, but such remarkable gains are now proving harder to sustain than ever before, even with the magic of "Aladdin's" genie.
Just because someone can put together the right hardware and software doesn't mean automatic success on the Web.
"They like to hear about technology, but they want earnings per share."
Easter buffet brunch from 11:30 A.M. to 3:30 P.M. is $35 for adults, $14.50 for children 7 to 11 and free for children under 7.
AMR said it was planning to further trim the ranks of its managers and possibly other nonunionized airline workers.
We're a much better team than what we've played."
MOVIES LIKE "LIFE DANCES On" and the video "Home Improvements" dwell on his daughter's death in a plane accident, his son's psychiatric troubles, other losses.
But he has proven a good friend of the bureaucracy in a number of critical decisions.
Punches were supposedly thrown and Talley was supposedly knocked down.
Both methods of analysis have produced similar conclusions in Fed officials that interest rates should rise.
But Mr. Patten cannot negotiate the mild slope of the street in front of their home.
There are four blackout weeks a year.
Settings of the "Ave Maria" by Brahms, Bruckner, Rachmaninoff and R. Nathaniel Dett, Vaughan Williams's gorgeous "Serenade to Music" and more than half a dozen of Hall Johnson's inspired spiritual settings are just some of the program highlights.
Richard R. Falk, a legendary Broadway publicist who ballyhooed anything and everything in show business putting quotes in the mouths of 10,000 clients, died on Friday at Mount Sinai Hospital.
The resulting uproar drew thousands of messages.
After his arrest, Mr. Rifkin admitted killing 16 other women, recalling the details in a 12-page confession.
Although Carroll kept saying all week that he did not know which quarterback would start, Trudeau got almost all of the work in practice because of Esiason's sprained left ankle.
He said the new mouse might help scientists understand other neurodegenerative disorders, like Parkinson's, Huntington's and Alzheimer's diseases.
He switched to film and eventually changed his subject.
Estimated at $462,000 to $770,000, it sold to Johnny van Haeften, a London dealer, for $6.4 million.
"Let's look at Mr. London's ideas -- ideas that are out of step with the people of New York," he said.
"We don't talk about politics with the workmen or anyone else," Dr. Rosenberg said.
; a daughter, Michelle Ogut of Monroe, N.Y., and five grandchildren.
Its applicability to New York City has yet to be tested, said Israel Schechter, another partner with Podell Rothman Schechter & Banfield.
The states and the percentage of pregnant women who reported violence were: Oklahoma, 6.9 percent; West Virginia, 5.1 percent; Alaska, 6.1 percent, and Maine, 3.8 percent.
Dwight Brown and Griffin each had 10 points for Seton Hall, while Eberz had 22 and Kerry Kittles 15 for the Wildcats.
Mr. Fiske reported on June 30 that the Administration contacts with regulators would not result in criminal charges, and he concurred in law enforcement officials' finding that the death of Mr. Foster was a suicide.
Of course, people are not prohibited from praying on their own whenever they see fit.
Asked about calls from opposition politicians that he form a multiparty Cabinet, Mr. Zedillo said he "would not rule out that people who do not belong to the PRI could form part of the Government."
"It's one of those professions where it takes a long time to grow up," he explained, "because you can lead a very cocoonlike existence.
But, he added, "there are not going to be any deals."
Not only do currency movements confound the best, but to make money on them you must get two things right -- where the currency will go and when.
Upon independence, Bophuthatswana abolished apartheid and created southern Africa's first nonracial state.
According to Richard Williams, nobody from that circuit's hierarchy has ever dissuaded him from letting Venus turn professional.
HAVING grown to love Maxine Kumin's poetry and her elegiac near-mergings with nature ("I believe in magic.
A key area of inquiry for the investigators is the ailerons, devices near the ends of each wing that are used to tilt the plane to help it turn.
Since he first awed Princeton basketball fans by sinking over-the-shoulder shots with his back to the basket 30 years ago, William Warren Bradley has usually had an uncanny sense of where he is.
PAUL O'NEILL suffered a sprained muscle in the ball of his foot Friday night while rounding first, and was not available Saturday night.
The surprise was not so much the size of the estimate as its timing, which came well ahead of an Agriculture Department forecast next Wednesday.
He said he expected profits would rise rapidly this year and next, and the stock could reach $11 within a year, up from a closing price of $7.625 on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday.
Dr. Larry Kessler, chief of the cancer institute's applied research branch, said the racial differences in breast cancer incidence and mortality had long puzzled investigators.
"They thought it meant we didn't know what we were doing."
Cover ratio represents the number of days, at average volume level, that it would take to purchase the number of shares sold short.
Will some form of democracy take hold, as Mr. Arafat promises?
For countries below the Sahara, foreign debts, described by Mr. Boutros-Ghali as a "millstone around the neck," have risen to the equivalent of 106 percent of gross domestic product, compared with 37 percent for another debtor region, Latin America.
It was overproduced and overpopulated to the extent that the tiny resolute figure of Nora became lost in the combined mechanics of Broadway and the Industrial Revolution.
But much of the vote against Mr. Dinkins, as Mr. Manton noted, was racially motivated, and cannot be as easily directed against the Governor.
It turned out to be his last stand in the long battle to control the record of his Presidency.
Remove and drain well on paper towels, and keep warm.
JAN RICHARD GORLIN Maplewood, N.J.
It was rock for a big audience in a huge space.
Seymour Schuman of New York bought the ski area in 1986, but McIntosh stayed on as manager.
"Already so many things seemed so very beside the point that even if she were able to determine how and why she'd gotten here, the here where she'd arrived was long past the point of no return, just outside of wedlock, straight past help, and precariously near death.
A company that's spent the last five years downsizing is not going to be magnanimous about its contributions."
It has only just emerged from one over the treaty that gave the union its new name and tried to lay the foundations for a single European currency by the turn of the century.
Health-care costs, however, had nearly doubled since 1980, and most important, from 1988 on, not only were more people in Connecticut unemployed, but more were out of work for longer periods.
The celebration will also include events for children like a wildlife scavenger hunt and environmental games.
Pete Wilson of California and former Housing Secretary Jack Kemp, and two leading party ideologues, William J. Bennett, the former Education Secretary, and William F. Buckley, the author and columnist, are entangled in an argument over the proposition that is so acerbic it has the potential to threaten party unity in 1996.
Bernie is Mrs. Moliterno's 147-pound Bernese Mountain dog.
All matter is made of atoms, but nearly a century ago physicists discovered that atoms, long considered to be the smallest units of matter, were themselves composed of smaller, subatomic particles like protons and neutrons.
When he throws it at you, you have to catch it -- or you're in trouble."
The 500-mile-long underground pipeline will run from landlocked Shanxi Province to Shandong Province, on the coast.
"These are not defendants that needed to be coaxed," Mr. Ford alleged.
The defendants were also charged with receiving millions in payments from the city for landfill cover that was ineffective or unapproved, the type of material that haulers are usually charged $40 a cubic yard to dump.
Start with a bruschetta of crispy toasted country-style bread, spread with gorgonzola cheese and sweet red peppers or crushed tomatoes ($4.50), and go on to a creamy puree of mashed potatoes topped with flavorful merguez, North African lamb sausages ($5.95), or Mediterranean soup, a combination of Greek lentils, Spanish guindillas (red peppers) and more merguez sausage ($5.50).
So far this year, the portion of trading in stocks has increased to 17 percent.
Similarly in Dagestan, 59 Russian officers and men were captured near the Chechen border on Sunday in a firefight after a military convoy had been blocked and surrounded.
In addition, Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison, who only a month ago was acquitted on ethics charges stemming from her service as State Treasurer, easily won the Republican endorsement for a full term.
We strongly advise men who are diagnosed with prostate cancer to discuss their treatment options carefully with their physicians and make sure they get all the facts about the risks and benefits of both watchful waiting and aggressive surgical therapy.
"Bob Krueger had defined himself," Senator Graham said.
Newsstands decked out for the celebration pitch to every erotic niche that's been thought of, and they show that gay people have organized around a lot of nonsexual interests, too -- like Marxism and Catholicism, dentistry and model railroading.
Sludge is the thick, dark byproduct that remains after raw sewage has been treated and the water taken out.
The 67,000-seat King Fahd International Stadium in Riyadh is the centerpiece of a network of stadiums.
We may go tomorrow afternoon; we may wait a little longer.
When Ms. Mann took a Tony Award in recognition of the McCarter as outstanding regional theater this year, the event had added resonances for the director.
The police left after several hours of negotiations that involved both Deputy Commissioner David W. Scott and the Manhattan North commander, Joseph R. Leake.
"They did not know what they were getting into," Mr. Seshan said with a burst of laughter about his appointment as election commissioner and referring to his confrontations with the central Government in that job.
"The Right Stuff," Tom Wolfe's 1979 book, covers only the Mercury program, but it virtually defines astronaut culture.
"With so many channels available on the information highway, the producing companies will not be able to maintain any form of monopolistic control.
"We wanted him to be our lead singer, because he was one of the greatest singers around," said Fred Ferrara, 51, of Holbrook, who was first a Del Satin and then a founding member of the Brooklyn Bridge.
A dinner for four requires about 1 1/2 pounds.
The failure resulted from "a host of glitches," Mr. Abels said.
"My plan," Wolff said, "would eliminate the financial lure of jumping to the big cities as the same opportunities would now be available in the small ones."
The group has recently begun a project to build a fractionation plant in Nova Scotia.
The only thing to do now is launch air strikes."
Let us start with a guide to something you probably do not want to do: start your own computer bulletin board.
He is more Tom Collins than Tom Wolfe.
HIGHTSTOWN, a hole-in-the-doughnut borough surrounded by East Windsor Township, was once the bustling service center of a rich New Jersey farming region.
Such donations, known as "soft money," also free millions of dollars that local party organizations can spend directly on specific Senate and House campaigns.
"There are lots of in-kind services, but we desperately need more dollars for services because of the cutbacks in funding."
9:15 A.M.: A boom box plays classical music.
And Mr. Haytaian, the Assembly Speaker, pulled a booklet out of his pocket several times and held it aloft or tried to hand it Mr. Lautenberg.
Then, the ravines of Herzegovina were littered with the bodies of Serb civilians massacred by Croats, sometimes fighting in alliance with Muslims.
"I kind of think this was a throwaway quarter," he said, adding substantial growth was possible in the current quarter, given new models and price reductions on the older Quadra line.
"There's no reason to believe anything has changed," Fehr said at a news briefing after the meetings.
Powers said Ms. Lloyd agreed with the Mayor's philosophy of creating a less restrictive law.
Pregnancy, a blessing for those who desire it, is, all too often, a blight for those who do not.
A1 SUBURBAN SEGREGATION Segregation is not declining as black and Hispanic people move to the suburbs, according to a sociologist who has studied segregation around 10 major cities.
He said about 80 percent of the hotel rooms in the United States had some form of cable television service.
"We will win the ball game," Johnson said.
These two parts of the key -- actually two large numbers -- are to be held by two independent Government agencies.
The cause was a heart attack, said his nephew, Ian Freeman.
In the decades before multiculturalism became a hot political issue, America liked to think of itself as the happy melting pot for grateful immigrants who couldn't wait to shed their cultural baggage and gorge on hot dogs, baseball and apple pie.
But excluding transportation, total factory orders rose only a scant three-tenths of 1 percent, after an increase of 1 percent in December.
With an artistically talented friend, he has begun selling large mirrors whose glass is decorated with personalized paintings or photographic arrangements.
Anderson got into foul trouble against the Washington Bullets in Landover, Md., Saturday night and finished with only 14 points and 3 assists and committed a team-high 4 turnovers in his 30 minutes of play.
Still, when the State Commissioner of Education, Vincent Ferrandino, assured the committee, "It's strange to me that a group of businessmen who are concerned about being competitive would even consider the idea of dumbing down standards," someone in the audience hissed a possible motive: "Robots!"
Designing a new plaything is the fun part of the toy business.
Coleman is 56; lean and fit, she moves in an emphatic, slightly awkward way.
In the essay, he compared the leadership to an "old wolf" who would never change it ways.
How many Americans even know of him?
Those prices include destination charges.
"People are reassured that the business did not fall out of bed" in the quarter, Mr. Smith added.
"I wish I could do something."
"He" is Mauro Vincenti, owner of the fabulously expensive Rex, which occupies a landmark Art Deco building downtown, and former owner of Pazzia, which once occupied this space.
But his view, shared by a number of younger Chinese economists, is not holding sway, as the growth of investment in state-owned factories shows.
Considering the source, it just might be Geronimo's.
Does it not seem both cost-effective and appropriate to offer support services to prevent such outcomes?
Mr. Shapp also instituted full financial disclosure for top officials, the most comprehensive of the so-called Sunshine Laws for open government in the nation and a strict code of ethics for all state employees.
A recreational racing series, the Heuga is intended to raise money nationally for people with multiple sclerosis.
But the military junta that overthrew him immediately reinstated the section chiefs, and Father Aristide said today that he could permanently eliminate section chiefs until "Parliament passes the appropriate law" allowing the communal councils to "assume their responsibilities."
A column last Sunday about living in Jericho misidentified a school official, Ben Ciuffo.
On a recent evening, almost 100 applicants crammed a hospital waiting room here, where they were interviewed and given blood tests before being inoculated.
The sudden appearance of the 52-year-old heir apparent before the diplomats capped a day in which North Korea began to return to normal after a frenzy of mourning over the weekend for its 82-year-old "Great Leader," who had ruled the Communist nation for nearly half a century until he died, apparently of a heart attack.
The current Fox affiliate, WTXF, has a 10 P.M. broadcast, and Fox is seeking to buy its own Philadelphia station, which would almost certainly start a new 10 P.M. news program.
Today, the situation in Vlasenica and Kladanj illustrates why the Bosnian war could continue for decades and international mediators are continually frustrated in their efforts to bring peace.
That is rampant throughout the league.
The MCI Communications Corporation said today that it would make a "significant" announcement on Tuesday.
"Bob Dole used to support a mandate, now he doesn't.
Alliant has calculated the total value of material from the munitions at $100 million and the cost of dismantling at $57 million.
Kushnick wanted the story in a New York newspaper; she wanted it to get great play and to have absolutely no fingerprints, no attribution at all.
"I mean calling me 'the sofa heiress,' that sort of thing," groaned Ms. Castro, a 50-year-old Republican business executive, with a saucer-eyed look of exasperation that heightened her resemblance to Nancy Reagan.
A copy of the memorandum was obtained by the industry newspaper Communications Daily, which then gave it to The New York Times.
-- and in other places have gained concessions for facades not visible from the street or for modern houses included within a district.
The agreement was reached on Saturday in Geneva after secret talks between representatives of Abu Dhabi and the Justice Department, the Federal Reserve Board, the Manhattan District Attorney's office and lawyers for First American.
"In addition, there are potential ramifications and consequences that have placed the company at risk at our corporate level."
Only people with virtually nothing to lose are admitted to phase I trials.
Place the pancetta in a large skillet over low heat and cook until it has browned and released half of its fat.
Others words are memorable, important, artfully choreographed (by Kathy Halbreich of the Walker and Neal Benezra of the Hirshhorn in Washington), and overdue, considering Mr. Nauman's influence.
"I can't recall ever dealing with the Clintons," Mr.
Equipped also with table tennis and pool, Quisisana is well suited to teen-agers, although during our stay we mostly saw children under 7 on the lake shore and in the well-stocked toy room.
Yet high-minded themes need not provoke startling insights; most of these essays show the author in a relaxed mood, noodling in an agreeable manner.
Capcom sold 6.5 million copies of the game for the Nintendo machine in the fiscal year that ended in March 1993, and an additional 5.4 million for the Nintendo and Sega machines combined in the year that ended last March.
For proponents of expanding women's roles in the church, the approval of altar girls was a small but symbolically sweet victory; for those who fear departures from long-established church practices, it was a bitter defeat.
The Reconnaissance Office is probably the most secretive of the intelligence agencies.
In the 1990 census there were 7.5 million never-married males 25 to 27 years old; there were 9 million never-married females 22 to 24.
He said it was his impression that it would take "a couple of weeks" for the budget office to finish work on the plans.
On Monday Mr. Berlusconi went on two of the television stations owned by Fininvest to defend the decree, arguing that it was aimed at protecting suspects' civil liberties.
Linda Morris has a problem: her marriage to a successful entrepreneur is beginning to seem "an unspoken agreement to see the same things incorrectly."
Here is a sampling of shows and exhibitions in New York City that are to close soon: Closing This Weekend "RENT," New York Theater Workshop, 79 East Fourth Street, East Village.
But thoroughly understandable, given that folks of a certain age were raised to believe that wasting even a mouthful was a sin -- somewhere people were starving.
"It's on my mind every single day of the year," he said.
Traditionally, most synagogues only have room for members at holiday services, and seating is by ticket only.
And his attacks on Mr. Bush aside, Mr. Gonzalez seems remarkably resistant to partisan pressures on most issues.
In other words, give the sheep what they ask for.
He is a son of Mr. and Mrs. Leslie Rubin of Trumbull, Conn.
The makeup of choice seems to be either very cheap and from the drugstore (Maybelline mascara, Blistex, a 99-cent matte lipstick), or costly and found at Bendel's (MAC lipsticks) or Barneys (a poppy lip pencil).
Here lies the interests of the peoples in the region and the peoples of the world.
Seventy-two percent polled said yes.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Preps ONE-MAN SHOW: Mike Wall (29 carries for 246 yards) rushed for two touchdowns and threw for another on a tailback option, as HOTCHKISS knocked off TAFT (2-6), 34-8. .
Another mystery is why the cockpit wind-shear alert never went off to warn the pilots.
But he indicated that the company would pursue the offer and would be willing to consider a higher price if Unitrin could demonstrate additional value during negotiations.
Sing along to 'Extinction Stinks.'
While deaths of 15- to 19-year-olds caused by accidents decreased by 15 percent, deaths by homicide doubled.
"I can't always shoot over people.
It will take compromises piled on compromises, and it will take patience.
Through them we can connect with all the unseen clothes inside the paper house and with the unseen paper people who wear them, as well as with all the other duos in the universe: left-and-right, salt-and-pepper, mother-and-child.
The company, Value Behavioral Health, is the largest managed-care company for mental health; it is not the country's largest managed-care company.
Another said: "Rufus is pimping 3 girls.
It is estimated it costs $500,000 or more to take a death-penalty case through trial and all its appeals.
The game was tied, 50-50, before the Engineers (2-1) went on a 17-7 run keyed by the two Columbia technicals.
"Arrive in Jericho and progress to Jerusalem," it said.
Ms. Hudson, 47, is already an energizing influence at Brady, until now a quiet, family-controlled operation.
"This way some of the burden is being shared," said Mr. Calagna.
"Once he understands the offense more, he won't do it as much."
Above all, Mr. Mandela is so indispensable to his organization's campaign that his security is a constant topic in his entourage.
1 pop album on the Billboard charts for four weeks in 1991.
Nike led the American athletic shoe market with a 32 percent share in 1993, followed by Reebok with 21 percent, according to the Sporting Goods Intelligence newsletter.
Certainly, Riley hoped the excursion would help ease the tension surrounding the team.
The officers' club has been renamed the Community Club.
Edible toys are showing up in some unusual forms, from the flashlight-inside-a-lollipop Laser Pop (Cap Toys) to Incredible Edibles (Toymax Inc.), which allow children to use real food and molds to make inspired snacks like Macaroni & Sleeze and Corn on the Slob.
Where do all those dancers come from at the masquerade ball that opens Act II of "The Phantom of the Opera"?
They they said there was no interference."
But these movements have tended, on the whole, to splinter architecture rather than unify it.
Gary S. Mayerson, the lawyer for the family, argued that the funeral home was negligent in sending the body without first seeking the permission of the family.
Never mind that a North Korean official declared a while back that Seoul might be turned into a "sea of fire."
But disease and death, for all their seeming relentlessness, were finally slowed in large part by the same sorts of military skills that distinguished the allied victory in the Persian Gulf war: the ability of military personnel to organize the supply of water, shelter, sanitation, medicine and food for vast numbers of people over great distances under challenging conditions.
In response, Macy is trying to hammer out an agreement with its secured creditors that would limit an extension to four months or less, representatives of the secured creditors said yesterday.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
"I suppose you could do that," muses Bayless, who is much more comfortable with authenticity than with revisionist pandering.
Mrs. Whitman, who argues that there is no direct link between her decision to hold the line on state aid and tax increases by local governments, has been promoting privatizing some municipal services and consolidating others to save money.
Johnson was born in Indianapolis and played on a kids' league team called the Baltimore Colts.
They are simply sent back to China.
In late New York trading yesterday, the dollar slipped to 1.4940 German marks, down from 1.4998 on Friday.
Wilkinson had become the most famous football coach in the United States.
Charles Murray knows he treads on nonpolitically correct ground when he writes of genes and intellect.
More information: 283-1042 or 283-4707.
In the Semi-Slav defense, distinguished by 4 .
A Wheatley Heights, L.I., commuter, Aaron Vanliew, 24, who works for HIP, the health maintenance insurance organization, said he called everywhere without finding a hotel room.
But other senior American officers have expressed concern over the screening standards.
It was no comfort to some of Bergdorf's vendors that Gucci clothes and shoes were in all nine Bergdorf windows on Fifth Avenue this week, only blocks away from the Gucci boutique's own windows.
In an industry that worships the newest technology, hanging on to obsolete machines was long unthinkable.
Last year, it said, 9.6 million children under the age of 18 were uninsured, an increase of 900,000 from 1992.
And this is not one of those occasions naively and futilely demanding that you forget the cinema classic or that you check predispositions at the door.
Despite assertions to the contrary there is no a priori or experimental evidence that a controlled and taxed legalization of drugs would lead to exploding drug use.
It was taken at Blenheim Palace.
If there seem to be more fashion profiles in Vanity Fair than Vogue these days, if models seem more like Ziegfeld showgirls and runway shows like the plotless Ziegfeld shows themselves, it is purely intentional.
His 205 points also rank fourth, behind the same threesome.
It was a little like the day when Khrushchev was banging his shoe at the United Nations and Castro was holding news conferences at the Hotel Theresa on 125th Street, or maybe a little like the first time the lights went out and because New Yorkers didn't know any better they all ended up being nice to each other.
But Trevino got a big edge today before the third and final round of the $650,000 Northville Long Island Classic began when a stroke was deducted from the score of Jay Sigel, who had been tied for the lead with Trevino.
With the victory, the Comets clinched the North Jersey Interscholastic Athletic Association Pacific Division title, which St. Joseph had won the last nine years.
Steve Fitchpatrick Scott Mercereau .
To show that responsibility starts with me at the top, I've cut the budget of the Mayor's office by more than 15 percent.
For good, the company says.
has been without a contract since October 1991.
This fear of intermixing music types or style is not imposed by the customers but by store managers and record company executives.
HARTFORD -- Trinity Episcopal, 120 Sigourney.
Last Thursday, with the average adjustable-rate mortgage rate at 4.93, the payment would have been $798.83.
Helen Gonzales, a staff lawyer for the National Consumer Law Center in Washington, an organization that supports the heating program, said two-thirds of the people who use it earned less than $8,000 a year.
An eerie twilight zone greeted people who showed up 90 minutes before game time at the Astrodome.
"In this context, we support the decision by the South African Government, working in concert with the multiparty transitional executive council, to take necessary steps within the law to end the violence and maintain order and security during the campaign and balloting."
Tall and thin-haired, with a noble nose that could be used as the prow of an ocean liner, Jack Charlton was a midfielder on England's 1966 World Cup champions.
China is a big importer of American aircraft, agricultural products, machinery and textile technology.
One of her main themes is that quaint inns are essentially manufactured fantasy worlds for guests, and that the cost of owning and running such a place is that the hosts -- if they are doing their jobs right -- are too busy creating the details of mood, food and ambiance to enjoy any of it themselves.
Rampoldi, an Italian restaurant near the Place du Casino, is very popular with the local people, while another nearby Italian restaurant, Giacomo, provides good food and elegance, with prices to match.
And a commercial embargo imposed by the United States was carefully crafted to exclude assembly plants, which are used by companies outside Haiti to assemble goods in Haiti (with cheap Haitian labor) for export elsewhere.
President Clinton said today that he planned to name Martin Indyk, a top adviser on Arab-Israeli affairs, as Ambassador to Israel.
If Governor Weld's plan wins Federal and state approval, then all new welfare recipients would be required to find jobs within 60 days.
b-Included an extraordinary charge of $ 13,069,000, or 53 cents a share, for the quarter and 57 cents a share, for the year, both in connection with early repayment of debt.c-After charge of $ 13,086,000 for write-off of deferred pre-acquisition costs for the quarter and year.
Bernie was too human, Pierre too perfect.
"Lighthouse here, small sailboat over there next to a clapboard house on a rocky cliff," Mr. Johnson said.
To the Editor: Although my "clubbing" days are over, as a former club event producer/promoter, I read with great interest "The Mighty Nell's" (Feb. 27).
Amid the come-ons, there are hints of worry.
And the scout Jim Thomas would like to squint through the Lopez limelight to spot something about one of his St. John's teammates that might someday help the Toronto Raptors.
A firing pin strikes a percussion cap in the sensor and tiny explosion generates a wave of pressure that moves through two plastic tubes.
Many believe that the real agenda of the boycott was to recreate a world that guaranteed black valedictorians, black homecoming queens and black class presidents -- a return to segregation, but with the public resources going to blacks.
A six-day raft trip along nearly 90 miles of the river is a journey through one of the most pristine, unspoiled wilderness areas left in the United States.
Speaking of selling wood, Jonathan Kaplan directs "Bad Girls" in a surprisingly stilted manner, without the slightest feel for the western genre in either its traditional or neo-feminist forms.
HOCKEY Palffy Scores Again for Isles in Preseason Pierre Turgeon and Steve Thomas both had goals, and Zigmund Palffy continued his hot scoring last night in the Islanders' 4-2 exhibition victory over Florida in Cincinnati.
Despite the tough and difficult steps that I must take to remove our structural budget deficit, and be sure that I will take them, still we can dream about and believe in and plan and work for an improved economy built on New York City's magnets.
(AP) GYMNASTICS World Championship Worth the Wait Ivan Ivankov lost his obscurity and won a championship last night.
One of Mr. Beckwith's two court-appointed lawyers, Merrida Coxwell, told the court: "By the time this case is over you will see that it was physically impossible for Byron De La Beckwith to have killed Medgar Evers.
The reader gets the feeling that the author knows his territory: his impressions ring true, and his irony, however exaggerated, is fitting.
It documented a number of apparent inconsistencies in compensation from group to group: One group on Long Island, listed as Circulo de la Hispanidad in a separate document, paid its top executive $107,147 but had total revenues of only $762,147.
After putting perishables in the refrigerator, a person chooses corresponding tags.
But he has made no conciliatory speech to Palestinians in general, many of whom continued to denounce him for letting his police officers fire on fellow Palestinians.
Foster Wheeler provides engineering, construction and design services in addition to plant managment and environmental services.
Shares of Dime Savings closed down 25 cents yesterday, at $8, on the New York Stock Exchange.
He's so influential in the party.
Attracting attention is a challenge.
Bourque converted with a backhander after a right-to-left move on Terreri.
"Customers are like a family here.
Mayor Zaleski said that people with Federal housing subsidies, known as Section 8 certificates, had moved into southwest Yonkers from the communities in Westchester, as well as New York City, without going through the Yonkers Municipal Housing Authority, which administers the program here.
But when Jerry asked me, I thought it was a joke."
Those rights, he said, include the right of association and assembly for both political and social purposes.
The player, they said, quieted.
Lohmiller has also missed a 34-yarder versus Seattle and a 23-yarder against the Giants.
He is this generation's Harold Stassen, a man known more for what he seeks than for what he believes.
Basketball shoes had been replaced by hiking boots, dozens and dozens of hiking boots that suddenly overwhelmed the security force and tromped all over the floor of the Carrier Dome.
At the end of this case you will come to one conclusion: that a life is more valuable than a penis."
A New York City travel agent who married at 25 and divorced at 26 said she had no idea of the magnitude or permanence of marriage.
Security around the courtroom was relatively tight for the arraignments.
A special panel appointed by the U.S.
"This budget is iniquitous and inefficient," said Sergio Cofferati, head of one large labor union.
Mr. Pataki supports abortion rights, though he has voted consistently for restrictions.
Not to mention a hockey lockout.
Mr. Corder was released from active duty after nine months, in July 1975.
"Somehow you are criticizing someone for not wanting to have their kids' lunch money extorted in their school.
To win a primary where voter turnout is widely expected to be low and party support is considered paramount, Mr. Rosenbaum will need every Henry Grassi he can find.
Twenty years after Ranger players failed to come to the aid of Dale Rolfe as he was battered by Dave Schultz of the Philadelphia Flyers, three of Leetch's teammates had an immediate response to Momesso's slash of Leetch after play had stopped.
Asked if he had ever been given a speeding ticket in New York or Los Angeles, Mr. Franz was uncharacteristically cautious.
Haiti's exiled President, Jean-Bertrand Aristide, will be invited.
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration said Japan's first female astronaut, Dr. Chiaki Naito-Mukai, discovered the Medaka minnows as she prepared to feed the adult fish.
In a Southern town in which behavior tends toward misogynistic extremes, a doctor contemplates the shards of his relationships and many others'.
The patients will undergo brain imaging at the North Shore University Hospital in Manhasset, L.I.
"It's like you roll the dice."
When the breeze blew, it bore the scent of herbs and flowers.
Sent Quinn Mack, outfielder, outright to Calgary.
Players Won't Be Locked Out Even though baseball is now officially without a labor agreement, the owners have indicated that they will not lock players out or disrupt play in 1994.
Scion of Blair House Family A native of Boston, Ms. Blair was raised in Washington, a scion of the family that gave Blair House to the United States Government, which turned it into a residence for dignitaries visiting Washington as guests of the White House.
With greater education, fewer children and a realization that a man will not necessarily always be around to provide, Colombian women of all classes are aggressively pursuing a financial independence unthinkable before.
Born in the northern Transvaal, Mr. Motsoaledi became a factory worker and then a trade unionist, joining the congress in 1948.
After intermission, Mr. Gothoni took up another grand sonata, the Schubert B flat.
Critics say the national health institutes should not have ignored these recommendations by insisting upon having some unvaccinated subjects.
"I am sure," Mr. Arafat said, "that we are at the end of this long march."
Japanese stocks traded lower here today.
And I did, and I've been going there as a trainer since 1953.
In that instant, a black man with a gun -- Officer Pannell -- was taken for a bad guy and shot.
The performers gave thanks to the audience and to various Latin American countries, but mostly to Puerto Rico.
The Administration is embracing tighter sanctions after many supporters of Haiti's exiled President, the Rev.
Best Western Young Travelers Club: (800) 528-1234.
While the response from readers has been steadily enthusiastic, advertisers have been slower to accept the magazine.
Mr. Burrows has twice served time in prison for burglary convictions but was never before accused of a violent crime.
Until 1993, that's exactly what the U.S.T.A.
Warning to European Buyers Although Gazprom said its customers in Western Europe would not be affected, Ukrainian officials have warned that a cutoff could result in syphoning from pipelines that cross Ukraine.
We are one family, one community, one state.
In November 1992, 63 inmates died in a breakout attempt.
Minestra, a thick mush of vegetables, beans and pasta, is stirred together with a handful of pecorino cheese until it tastes like the minestrone of your dreams.
Rebuffing Parents' Efforts But the prosecutor, George L. Bolen, gleaned a different portrait from today's testimony and the testimony on Monday of Mr. Cox's mother, Mary Vandernoot Cox.
"He was fine when we got on and until two days before we got off," she said.
For the first 17 minutes of today's playoff game, the Dallas Cowboys resembled players who had forgotten how they became Super Bowl champions last year.
"Because it's the U.S. Open, it's important to try to play," he said after some treatment in the player's training room.
's strategy is to rely on neighborhood development groups.
spends up to $500 million a year selling itself, making this the biggest account migration in ad history.
TRANSPORTATION Metro-North will be on a holiday schedule today.
That is why any advance in yields of 20 to 25 percent is so exciting."
He played on three N.B.A.
"She had a drug arrest in her unit.
The three-month bills mature on Feb. 9, 1995, and the six-month bills mature on May 11, 1995.
A Fish and an Astronaut Helmsley-Spear has stated that it wants to dismantle the work, an exuberant piece with ecological symbols including a giant silver fish, an astronaut on the moon and the god Mercury jumping from a bathtub.
* Dennis Byrnes was named executive vice president and worldwide account director on the Colgate-Palmolive account at Foote, Cone & Belding, New York, succeeding Ned Wiley, who will work in corporate development at FCB International, New York.
These and other scenes of physical and psychological torture capture primal feelings of fear and helplessness not often found in a horror film.
His company, which does about 100 reserve studies each year, found that the average fund in its client base of 100 associations fell 10 percent more behind actual need in 1993 than in 1992.
"Some water fowl started swimming in it," Ms. Clement said.
Some days the signature sea urchin tempura, with its shiso bite, is one of the finest flavors on earth; other days it is so overcooked the sea urchins are grainy and almost tasteless.
Both France and Germany favor completing the three reactors under construction, raising the possibility of a dispute within the Group of Seven, the world's major industrial democracies.
This gives it powerful advantages even without resorting to fraud.
His desk is covered with cookbooks, but they are all in French and they are all by dead people."
"; where Protestant gunmen will take credit for shooting the sister of an Irish Republican Army member in a pharmacy, and where the I.R.A., upon learning that one of its car bombs has killed the wrong man, will issue a statement offering "deepest regrets" to his family.
At 2:30 A.M. on March 5, Dr. Luise Weinstein, nine months out of medical school, was left alone with 40 patients, including Ms. Zion.
Mr. Fugard speculates that the explanation may be in the histories of African and Afrikaner, who unlike most oppressed and oppressors share "a sense of what freedom is about" from their separate experiences of having fought against colonialism.
They asked, for example, how a child would feel upon discovering its genetic mother was a dead fetus.
Although some health-industry experts say that private management of the medical center, Long Island's largest public hospital, is an idea whose time has come, resistance is growing and bidders complain that the county's requirements make privatization almost impossible.
"These small-cap stocks in many cases have been oversold and are ripe for recovery as they respond to strong earnings," Mr. Shaughnessy said.
Open to the public will be a memorial tribute held by the New York Road Runners Club on Wednesday at 12:30 P.M. at the New York City Marathon finish line in Central Park, near Tavern on the Green.
Through some of their comments, teen-agers suggested that underneath their often monosyllabic replies to adults and their alienated airs, they still needed the approval of adults and their reassurance.
Mr. Finlayson has presented us with a pleasingly deranged dark comedy of erotic and cultural misalliance.
The recording, recently rereleased on CD by Supraphon, presents folk songs of her native land; the piano accompaniments are by Jan Masaryk, the son of the former president of Czechoslovakia.
Federal District Judge Franklin S. Van Antwerpen issued the order after a three-hour hearing, officals of the union, the Brotherhood of Maintenance of Way Employees, said.
Mr. Trabich, as an individual, contributed $500 last year.
In a letter replying to Mr. Fiske on Friday, Mr. Gonzalez said he was deeply disappointed by the prosecutor's unwillingness to appear.
So have a dozen other players, all of whom are well within striking distance.
And for many years astronomers have been tempted by the possibility that the tiny perturbations in these signals are not simply noise -- that they might sometimes be caused by planets orbiting the pulsars, giving them a periodic gravitational tug.
Once nostalgia passed, however, I saw the article's irony.
In her quirky, perverse, mannered and, of course, revisionist production at the Hartford Stage Company, instinctive ruthless femininity is perceived through the vistas of multicultural militant feminism.
Lincoln Center Theater alone appeared capable of combining innovation and tradition, Broadway's proclivity for spectacle and an Off Broadway spirit of adventure without losing its soul or developing a split personality.
Prime customers are plopped down in a cockpit-sized office whose tall glass walls allow them to see all the Wiltel action around them.
"We entered into a contract for 10,000 room nights," said Jim Howard, general manager of the Hyatt Regency in Dallas.
By 1997, it said, the average American will devote about 165 hours a year to reading a newspaper, down almost 11 percent from 185 hours in 1984.
It certainly is not an attempt to try to dupe the city into paying more than what they should pay.
Then bras and corselets of every description turned up in the resort and holiday shows, worn both as underwear and outerwear.
But since you're going electronic, try for more sophisticated skills for the more cognitively developed child.
He was hired in Mount Vernon in 1988 and later promoted to an elite investigative unit.
You try not to put added pressure on yourself and just handle it like it's the sixth or seventh."
Like Mr. Reinking, Mr. Heck is also a former street racer.
On the other, one who treats it as a religion.
The Shubert Organization, perhaps emboldened by Merrick's successful ploy with "42d Street," announced that critics must cover its new import, "Amadeus," on opening night, rather than at a preview.
Before Friday, when the stock dropped $3.875, to $68.375, investors had focused more on the company's bright prospects for rapid growth and high profits from its health care business rather than its unprofitable property and casualty business.
You figure out the first scene and last scene and work backward and forward.
It will be 4:40 p.m., Eastern time, and it will be televised by NBC, opposite the Rose Bowl on ABC.
Mr. Gruet said the high incentives appeared to stem from Ford's efforts to clear 1993 models from dealers' lots.
Several dishes are exceptional values.
The price of a 30-year bond falls if its interest rate goes to 7 percent or more from 6 percent -- as the rate has since early February.
East Coast Hockey League NASHVILLE KNIGHTS -- Acquired Matt DelGuidice, goaltender, from the Charlotte Checkers.
There are also more houses valued at more than a million dollars than there used to be."
Ironically, it was Fallenius's "good" heart lead that helped the declarer by correcting the count for the squeeze.
Soft-spoken, shy and physically frail from two recent strokes, this Russian-born composer is incapable of self-promotion.
He has also gone on the offensive, suing the authority for $12 million for enforcing HUD's sanctions against him and challenging HUD's debarment proceedings.
The quote actually works both ways: as a summons to action in the State Legislature, and as a reminder to himself that he must work harder than he has in the past to get his program through.
Letter of Protest Mrs. Shulman engineered a bipartisan letter of protest from the New York City Congressional delegation.
No player represents the leap from the lower level to the top of the game more than Jent.
Each horse in the event, which dates to the 17th century, is led by a man in a white shirt and dark pants.
Spurred by an amalgam of opportunism, megalomania, true love for music and sheer greed, they managed to document some of the most vigorous popular music ever recorded in America.
Gen. Raoul Cedras, to halt the political torture and murder, to restore to office Haiti's first democratically elected president, the Rev.
There is no rough and there are no long par-4 holes.
During Mr. Giuliani's mayoral race, Mr. Teitelbaum specialized in courting the Jewish vote, one of the same demographic groups that the Governor's aides are using Mr. Giuliani to reach, sending him to Williamsburg and Borough Park in Brooklyn last weekend and to Spring Valley midweek.
"We should keep our villages intact as much as possible," said Joseph Hennessy, the mayor of Malvern.
"We feel more comfortable here."
He uses several percussionists on a few tunes and appropriates two tunes from the pianist Randy Weston.
Each team does need a relief goaltender."
"This shows me I can really brace myself and be tough when the chips are down."
The whole structure rests on a vaguely tortoise-shaped steel platform.
I chose the University of Chicago with no greater care than I would have taken in hailing a taxi.
Strangling Cuba's Economy Repeatedly during the hourlong interview, Mr. Alarcon returned to the embargo and his assertions that it was strangling Cuba's economy and pressuring people to flee.
program, four conservatory teachers gave weekly instrumental lessons to small groups of elementary school students and conducted an orchestra made up of middle school and high school students once a week.
Such ambition is not to be apologized for; it used to be described as the American Dream.
Although these represent portraits of four pharaohs and a queen, they were placed in tombs to perform tasks for the deceased in the afterlife.
I trust that they would prefer that child to grow up in a peaceful Middle East.
Prosecutors said Frank Voce, who has been working for Nynex as a telephone services technician in Rockland County since 1992, told one drug dealer who was a friend that the authorities were listening in on a phone at the bar where the group of dealers operated.
At 2 A.M., the club was reaching full boil.
Vanguard's Windsor Fund, another large fund, rose just eight-tenths of 1 percent during the week.
He resisted, saying he would prefer deals on a show-by-show basis.
They are showering millions of dollars in donations to members of Congress with prominent roles in the debate, like Mr. Cooper, whose plan is the alternative to President Clinton's proposal most often preferred by business because it neither requires employers to provide coverage nor limits insurance premiums.
How about taxing schools, whose appetites for cash increase as the literacy of our children decreases?
A3 Reports of intimidation in Bosnian towns, by Serbs and Croats.
Simms was offered a job on Reeves's staff, but chose not to accept it because he still hopes to play in the N.F.L.
Once Akzo has acquired more than 90 percent of Nobel's outstanding shares, the new company will officially come into existence.
Presented by Lincoln Center Theater, under the direction of Andre Bishop and Bernard Gersten.
Under the existing system, the candidates were greatly tempted to outspend one other -- buying good will, if not outright votes -- because they had no difference of policy.
But I know the down side.
Sally Clinton, the director of the Vegetarian Education Network, a nonprofit organization in West Chester, Pa., that focuses on education, school lunches and supporting young vegetarians, said that while young children's vegetarianism seems to be nearly always related to animals, by the time they are about 9 years old, they avoid meat for what she called "environmental reasons."
He also collaborated with Cole Porter on the ballet "Within the Quota," a relationship Mr. Rubin hints may have been homosexual.
All Eyes on CBS Since the season began, NBC executives have been talking almost as much about the shortcomings of CBS as they have about their own successes.
The reductions are part of a turnaround program that has slashed I.B.M.
Cutoff for Christmas, Dec. 15.
With your help and God's help it will be.
"It was horrible to hear it, but at least now I've heard something."
Will she appear in the film?
Foreign economic experts say that of all France's former West African colonies, the Ivory Coast, with its extensive road and communications networks and relatively diversified industries and banking system, is the best placed to profit from the changes and can become a powerful economic engine for the rest of the region.
"We have saved this $52 all year and have decided to give this money to your fund," wrote the children, Kate, Tom and Rob.
Using the noisy leaf blower, a basic tool of the trade, has become the quality-of-life crime most likely to rattle a town meeting.
Paths and roads are impassable in the rain.
Analysts said his appointment came at an important juncture for the firm, which remains mired in a bond-trading scandal and is trying to dig out from losses in its mortgage-backed securities business.
Yet many of the companies went bankrupt and some small savers lost a lot of money.
The final decision is with the State Department of Environmental Protection and Energy but, so far as the public is aware, the corporation is in charge.
There really is no easy answer here for Woods.
Much of the interest in White House electronic mail dates from the Iran-contra investigation, which was helped by the discovery of backup E-mail tapes after the originals were destroyed.
In exchange for those concessions, workers were given convertible preferred stock equaling 30 to 37.5 percent of the company's equity.
Come hither, she beckons with each sinuous move, even as something about her, an arch of the brow or a defiant stare, cautions the onlooker to keep his distance.
But other people say they are nervous about having Sergeant Brown come back on the force.
Stating that the X-Men "grapple with the pain of being misunderstood outsiders .
They are often daughters tending to parents and in-laws, distracted at work and feeling guilty that their own children are being neglected.
He began the evening expounding on his recent successes in the market with the happy confession that he had finally saved enough money for his sex change operation.
from disintegrating even before it takes control of the Gaza Strip and the West Bank town of Jericho.
"But let us not deal with this on the basis simply of what quid pro quo is involved," he said when asked about his obligation to repay Mr. Clinton by leading the I.R.A.
There are a few surprises.
In 1857 the inventor Elisha Otis installed the first regular passenger elevator in the world in the Haughwout china and glassware store at Broadway and Broome Street, and after that he and other inventors made steady progress in improving speed and safety.
"You can survive being the small book in a three-book field if you are really careful about your costs, but to be a major factor in the business you have to dramatically grow your circulation."
But the quiet nature of the campaign has actually displeased some members of Congress and the Administration, who dislike the content of the welfare plan and want the advocacy groups to be more vocal in opposing it.
On Dec. 20, after meeting with Marc Klaas, whose 12-year-old daughter, Polly, had been kidnapped and killed in California, Mr. Clinton decided to endorse a tough-sounding provision that would require life in prison for anyone who had been convicted of two other violent felonies, as had the man accused of kidnapping Polly.
So do explorers, stonemasons, playwrights, sailors and soldiers, poets and lawyers, schoolteachers and country clergymen.
(It seemed to be about the inner life of a dance troupe.)
When I walked back around, there was no activity, so I guess no one got hit.
USAir's net income, before preferred dividends, doubled.
New York: Birch Lane Press/Carol Publishing Group.
But if the program proves effective, it may be extended to the Long Beach high schools.
I did all the work and my sister came out perfect.
LIZ CLAIBORNE INC., New York, said that Harvey L. Falk, vice chairman and president, would retire, effective Jan. 1.
The ranks of the attaches began to swell in the summer of 1993, after the Governors Island agreement for the restoration of Father Aristide to office collapsed and violence in Haiti began to intensify.
In a recent amendment of its proposed S.E.C.
He could either join the French under-23 national team and, if all went well, represent the country he was raised in at the 1998 World Cup finals in France.
Among them is George Lucas as a patron Axel annoys by cutting in line at Wonder World, Barbet Schroeder as a man parking a Porsche, and John Singleton as a fireman.
The health programs were the answer to Ramon Tejeda's dream.
Why did Aldo's father never mention the treasures he was holding?
The London Stock Exchange, already Europe's main market for the fast-growing biotechnology industry, said today that it would make it easier for food and agriculture companies to join the exchange.
"That we have to stop walking over bodies in the train station and stop to find out if someone is just sleeping or in trouble."
One piece has the vermilion-and-green palette of the Tibetan Buddhist paintings called tankas; another has a complex pattern of stars within stars that suggests Islamic manuscript painting; in another, a gold cross is set off against circles of lapis blue.
An Old Foe Returns Roger Craig is psyched about playing the Giants.
The fact that Japanese bureaucrats are secretive about their intentions does not distinguish them from bureaucrats elsewhere.
The guide is designed for Microsoft Windows running on a PC with a CD-ROM drive, and it will tell you all there is to know about the 1995 models, including how much to pay.
I remember some 20 years ago attending a Modern Language Association session devoted to Mrs. Lessing's novels in which most of the papers chastised her for insufficient allegiance to the women's movement.
"; those who were laissez-faire, saying that all emotion should be accepted, and those who actively helped their children to think about their emotions and express them in acceptable ways.
Derivatives and reverse repurchase agreements have become important to the New York financial services community in the last decade or two.
The gifts have paid for past Elderhostel programs and will go to future ones.
According to the scholarly tome based on the survey, 6 percent of the interviews were made in the presence of a spouse or a sex partner; an additional 15 percent were done in front of the respondent's children.
A 30-year-old Englishwoman attempting to board a plane bound for London was arrested yesterday at Kennedy International Airport after a Port Authority police officer noticed an unusual bulge under her coat and discovered a dead newborn girl, the police said.
He will succeed Jack E. Chinn as president of Madison, while Mr. Chinn will remain chairman and chief executive.
By the weekend, however, Mr. Liftin said, they had concluded that the only explanation was fraud.
Even as Craig O. McCaw and William H. Gates planned their newly disclosed $9 billion satellite communications venture, Mr. McCaw was attempting to play matchmaker between Mr. Gates's Microsoft Corporation and top officials of A.T.& T. in an effort to draw the two companies into a strategic alliance.
His syncopated figures, repeated, drew the band into feverish exchanges.
Some of those forces are unique to Albany.
Firms with more than 500 employees will generally not be allowed to participate in the alliances.
Detective Ray Swieczkowski of the New York City Police Department's crime prevention division noted, "If they want it bad enough, they're going to get it."
If you want to know more, pamphlets are available in the visitors' center in the church's lobby.
That iceberg lettuce, when sliced in thin ribbons, delivers a satisfying crunch and a quick rush of juice, even if its flavor is totally evanescent.
That decision is expected no earlier than Friday, when the panel is scheduled to reconvene to hear a report from John Bennett.
The number for more information is 631-8200.
She also wrote fiction for adults and young people.
Angered by 57 unforced errors and a vulnerable second serve, Ferreira manhandled his racquet as Agassi manhandled him into having what he called a bad "mental day."
At the American Greetings card shop at 40th Street and Broadway a few days ago, throngs of shoppers stood paralyzed in the aisles, frozen in a pre-Mother's Day panic.
Architect of Teams So Finks returned to New Orleans, where he had been president and a minority owner of the Saints since 1986.
Similar arguments have spurred an all-white yacht club in Savannah, Ga., to offer a membership to a black doctor they had rejected a year ago.
A Difficult Sell "We knew this film would be incredibly controversial," said one Warners executive.
Trimpin installed the sculpture for this week's "American Eccentrics" program, about 20th-century composers who experimented with the objects of everyday life or nature to produce new textures of sound.
By simply stating that jurors will be anonymous you are giving them the impression that their lives are in danger and they may be more prone to convict."
Accommodating a Community "Is it fair to say that government power was transferred here to a geographic entity based on the religious beliefs of its residents?"
And in the meantime, George Steinbrenneer will lose $20 million.
In all, Mr. Dahmer, who admitted killing and dismembering 17 men and boys, has received more than $12,000 from letter-writers around the world, according to prison records.
When Mr. Bentsen visited the kingdom last month, he came armed with position papers stating that the Saudi budget deficit was too high and that the Saudis did not understand the depth of their economic problem.
The Government's chief negotiator, Roelf Meyer, said today that talks would continue in an effort to persuade Inkatha and the right-wing holdouts to change their minds.
It also shows how a canny advertising agency used a bit of gender reversal, improvisation and a sharp pencil to hone a comic concept for the fragrance.
The vision of this chain of events made that tired old word heartburn live again.
New York: Charles Scribner's Sons.
A young mother and her child go hungry because the state bureaucracy dawdles in establishing paternity.
"But I can understand that many taxpayers are now retired, that the population of the Island is aging and that many young people are moving out," Dr. Fanelli said.
"By Saturday evening we were back to our normal schedule."
Each principal has a problem that is conveniently addressed during this one-day interlude, thanks to a screenplay (by David Koepp and Stephen Koepp) that feels like the work of a committee.
"The Modern is an obedient nonstatement," he said, "and the Guggenheim is a disobedient work of art."
It said it would develop software, maintain computer systems and communication networks and link NASA's computer networks with outside groups.
Though he also grapples with the geographical and cultural contradictions of California ("Unfair") and re-interprets the jazz pianist Dave Brubeck's "Take Five" ("5-4 = Unity"), at heart, "Crooked Rain, Crooked Rain" is an album that celebrates and denigrates itself.
Call 632-7878 for more information.
In the future it will be inexpensive information for masses."
A preliminary injunction, issued by the trial judge, C. Weston Houck of Federal District Court here, has allowed her to attend classes there since January.
Investors often buy dollars as a haven during international crises.
At the peak breeding season in June, the staff members work 12 hours a day and more.
Prime-time usage, from 9 A.M. to 5 P.M., carries a surcharge of $2.95 an hour.
The corporation will add $2 million for the task.
Mr. Gephardt, the Democratic leader, and his colleagues made a plea for inclusion as Republicans marched along the road to change on Capitol Hill, promising to eliminate committees, lay off staff, shift issues around among the panels and give Americans instantaneous electronic access to the business of Congress.
Matsushita also feared a backlash.
Women who have breast cancer that has not spread outside the breast can almost always safely choose a lumpectomy followed by radiation rather than a mastectomy, researchers concluded at a workshop here today.
Because, Mr. Inclaniato said, "now that the 80's are over, diners are demanding value, and low-cost steakhouses are giving it to them."
She hasn't always in the past.
Lyndall Gordon, one of Eliot's chief biographers, has criticized the movie for leaving out what she said were key ingredients in Eliot's betrayal, like the presence of another woman in his life.
That alone is a matter of national trauma.
The Commodity Research Bureau index was down 0.79 point, to 232.25.
Ellen G. Hirsch, a partner in the law firm Becker & Poliacoff in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., and a condominium specialist, knows all about the impact of the elderly from her work in a region heavily populated by retired people.
"It amounts to that for us."
But when Arum took the case to court, the W.B.A.
For many years, families and fishermen gravitated to the laid-back inn overlooking Fort Pond and found comfortable rooms and a nautical-style dining room offering a traditional Montauk menu.
The Proper Use of Museums In a statement last week, the minister said fund raising by museums should insure that "the conservation and correct display of art collections are not damaged."
May crude declined 7 cents, to $15.16 a barrel; April unleaded gasoline was up 0.25 cent, to 46.87 cents a gallon; April heating oil edged up 0.11 cent, to 45.20 cents a gallon, and April natural gas rose 5.2 cents, to $2.107 for 1,000 cubic feet.
Now, there is renewed interest in making that view available to bicyclists and pedestrians.
If they had let him, he'd probably have stayed forever.
Spurs 90, Rockets 80 Negele Knight scored 11 of his 15 points in the fourth quarter, helping the San Antonio Spurs clinch the home-court advantage in the first round of the playoffs with a victory over the Houston Rockets in San Antonio.
Certainly that is what Hiroaki Ohmori, the president of Daishin Marine Products, says he has been trying to do.
This prospect gives the crime package an edge over other programs that are authorized by Congress to spend billions of dollars but are often budgeted at far lower levels because the money does not exist.
"I thought I'd take a chance and suffer through possible embarrassment," he said.
to the 14th century A.D., will be on view through Nov. 27 at the American Museum of Natural History, Central Park West at 79th Street.
That's the old Jimmy Carter, blame-the-public "malaise" bit.
The Republican National Committee disagreed.
Against Harvard this season, the Bears lost and tied back in November.
There were few tears on the line that stretched from Grozny to the Dagestan border.
"I think they are buying time with this," Mr. Silajdzic said he had told the American envoy.
The seafood industry loves the idea -- its image has nowhere to go but up -- but consumer groups say the rules will not do enough.
Today there they were, two tennis professionals who have declared this a springtime of rebirth, locking horns in the third round of the Lipton Championships in a stadium jammed with fans who anticipated a bona fide brawl but settled instead for a bravura showing by Agassi.
Comment: In the second week of the season, Freeport beat the perennial power Hempstead, 36-12.
The order of words in this delicious morsel of dialect varies with the user.
"If that's true, why would you want to get rid of me?
Some rail riders went out to Jamaica only to return to Penn Station, angrier and colder than before.
In general, his writings reflected the various fields he investigated, like clerical celibacy and marriage and charismatic renewal.
"The three reasons that caused Brazil to stop growing in 1981 -- the debt problem, the American interest rate problem and the oil crisis -- have all solved themselves," said Stephen C. Kanitz, a Brazilian business consultant.
When he finally earned his PGA Tour card for 1981, he showed up for a Tucson Open qualifying round with his clubs in a small canvas bag.
Wendeen Eolis, chairwoman of Eolis International, a legal consulting firm, said: "Most law firms don't want to move right now; it's an expensive proposition, and they are only just recovering from a complex recession.
Brodeur, a rookie made 49 and Hasek 70.
More often he could be found hunched under fire, up to his hips in leech-infested swamps or following infantrymen along booby-trapped jungle trails.
With new trade agreements breaking down the barriers between continents and nations, consider the case of East Orange.
Perhaps, having heard stories of J. Edgar Hoover in a dress, students figure the bureau has loosened up.
But their expectations of the outcome differ widely.
South Korea, meanwhile, made a point of declaring that it was prepared to repulse any military attack from the north.
"It was before everyone started dreading their hair.
"If they do," he said, "the co-op may have established a practical cost-sharing alternative that may be fair."
People say, "It's really about Arkansas and the culture of Arkansas."
Mr. Wadsworth of Mississippi Power, which serves 33 counties in the north of the state, said 640 of his company's transmission towers were damaged.
While Penelope Leach is clearly a woman of strong opinions, she is by no means authoritarian or out of touch with the fact that parents are not child-rearing robots but human beings with personal needs and interests that extend beyond their parental roles.
Two factors stand against an immediate devaluation of the Argentine peso, which is linked by law to the United States dollar.
If Congress refuses to recognize the plight of Florida, California and New York, the political mood will inevitably turn ugly.
"I used Gallego's bat," Abbott said.
Stir together sesame and cumin seeds and 1/2 teaspoon salt.
3 person at the Justice Department to deal with accusations that he had overbilled the Rose Law Firm, where he, Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Foster had been partners.
Mr. Uribe said he is the chairman of both companies, as well as their chief operating officer.
Joe Fitzgerald, an American League spokesman, said Brown was waiting for a film of the fight and the umpire's report before deciding whether Anthony's action warranted a suspension.
Anthony Mason, who tied Charles Oakley with a team-high 12 rebounds, felt the Knicks deserved most of the credit.
Mr. Arafat may be holding them out in the hope of persuading other top officials who have so far refrained from serving under him.
"But, frankly, I didn't think that would be an asset when I got my first job at Diversified.
Steve Pettengill of Middletown, R.I., in second place over all, will move into the top spot.
"I was just a step away from going from the cornfields to the big time," he said.
Perhaps not, but the Colts (4-5) were on top by 28-25 today despite five turnovers, despite allowing the gritty Jets to keep coming back.
Ways to teach children about spending and saving money.
I'm in Bosnia to fight for what's left of the Yugoslav idea, not to live in a one-party state."
The Lake Buena Vista, Fla., layout includes wrist telephones, computerized guitars and a house in which all the plumbing, heating and lighting thinks for itself.
b-After a charge for adoption of SFAS 109 and SFAS 106 of $ 20,000,000, or 22 cents a share.
*Concerned by the Charlotte crash, F.A.A.
The first is that the primary care physician is little more than a romantic image from days gone by, a myth reinforced by your early-20th-century photo.
But this winter, the Redskins cut loose older and high-salaried players like Mark Rypien, Charles Mann, Tim McGee, Ricky Sanders, Al Noga -- and Banks.
There was nothing remarkable about that until last summer, when they found a 12-foot brass statue buried in a shipment they acquired for about 50 cents a pound.
"This is not something that's going to be swept under the carpet," said Winona H. Varnon, the Equal Employment Opportunity director since April.
Mr. Kim served as an anti-Japanese guerrilla in Manchuria, Siberia and the North Korean border areas starting in his early 20's, but it is impossible to verify the claims of his astounding feats, including the killing of a unit of Japanese special police who were tracking him in 1940.
Four nights earn a free weekend night or 2,000 frequent flier miles; six nights get two free weekend nights or 4,000 miles; 8 nights, 3 free weekend nights or 6,000 miles.
Country-western dancing also seems to be an increasingly popular way for singles to meet other singles.
Mr. Coleman is particularly worrisome to Republican leaders, because of the slim 1 percent margin by which Mr. Wilder defeated him in 1989 race for governor and for Mr. Perot's strength in Virginia, which gave him 14 percent of the vote in the 1992 Presidential election.
One of the more talked-about sleepers is Stephan Elliott's "Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert," which is said to feature a very special performance from Terence Stamp in a dress.
One-third of the space would be set aside for public services: telephones, newspaper vending machines, maps, recycling bins or interactive video terminals, for example.
President Clinton is no exception.
Anyone lucky enough to help out will receive a Captain Planet power ring.
The show is not a departure for her; it is a holding pattern.
"We can live with it the way it is, but even now we hear planes coming in late and they literally make the buildings shake.
"They called me Al" is how the lyric goes.
He also said that while he had felt right away that Mr. Garner had hit upon a perfect idea for the times, he had had no way to gauge how the book might fare in a marketplace where humor books are a dime a dozen.
Every one of them expresses enormous affection and respect for the company.
EGYPT TOURS Nabila Tours and Cruises is selling a weeklong trip to Egypt this fall and winter for $1,450.
Asked to name the one thing he had the most fun with, he hesitated again.
Insert the screw through the object being fastened and then into the open end of the anchor.
Woodbridge beat Jerome Golmard of France, 6-4, 3-6, 6-2.
The culprits are two kinds of snow molds, said Richard Weir, a cooperative extension agent for Nassau County.
"With minor exceptions, you have to have backers today."
Companies that want to sell more stock now face the possibility of seeing their share price slide in anticipation of the offering.
The money filtered into them was from agencies whose own operations were usually sub rosa, so the resulting work was usually not publicly available.
"Randy is a first-class strategic thinker and a fast study," Mr. Zeglis said.
Wall Street had been anticipating 79 cents a share.
"When the consumer sees that mark," Ms. Dunbar said, "they know that product is evaluated completely."
Lovable Reggie Miller, who whispers such sweet nothings into the other players' ears that he makes their thumbs quiver for his throat, has got his wish.
At 36, with only 12 years on the job, Capt.
Chief of Personnel Michael Julian left recently to take a job in private industry, and Mr. Bratton said yesterday that Chief of Detectives Joseph R. Borrelli had told him he planned to retire around the first of the year.
A10 FACING REALITY IN BOSNIA Residents of the city of Mostar, emerging from basement shelters in a cease-fire, have to adjust not only to the devastation of their city but also to the fact that their former enemies are now their allies.
Among those companies are the two largest owners of cable systems, Tele-Communications Inc. and Time Warner Inc.
Serbs and Croats agreed today to hold their first talks on formally ending a war that began in 1991.
Brown, 27, led the American Conference with 1,180 receiving yards last season and caught 7 touchdown passes.
"Our concern has been and always will be the conditions in which the people must live and the well-being of the residents."
IT was supposed to change, but Frank Sinatra is still this town's great unrequited love, the one that got away, got famous, came back, but won't commit.
And even with the benefit of her parents' book, Zoe said, "I was a little nervous and almost scared on the first day of kindergarten."
In addition, bagels were bought from five other shops and simply weighed.
Trailing Mr. James were William Payne, the brother of Representative Donald Payne of Newark, with 20 percent; Ras Baraka, the son of the poet and civil rights activist Amiri Baraka, with 8 percent, and Dr. Colleen Walton, a podiatrist and vice chairwoman of the Essex County Democratic Committee, with 8 percent.
No sign identifies the place, and its entrance is off an alley lined with garbage Dumpsters.
"There were a couple of horses capable of beating us if things went their way," said John Campbell, who drove Cam's Card Shark from the No.
"When the official figures are in, and we do not expect them for several months, I think that they will show that 1994 was a very good year at the shore, approaching the summer of 1993," she said.
Consider that the Colts had four rushing touchdowns all of last season and you get an idea of how important Faulk is to their offense.
Both the New York Cycle Club, (212) 886-4545, and the Five Borough Bike Club (212) 932-2300, Ext.
5 5 13 WOULDN'T TAKE NOTHING FOR MY JOURNEY NOW, by Maya Angelou.
For a limited engagement, from Feb. 1 through 5, the highly praised Willow Cabin Theater of New York, which brought "A Midsummer Night's Dream" to the theater in 1991, will perform "Twelfth Night" with a cast of 12.
"He's in a boat," she said in an awestruck tone.
Symptoms include skin itching, joint pain and nervous system impairment.
Jewish contributors like Robert and Marcia Blecker of Roslyn, L.I., often give in multiples of 18, a figure connected to the Hebrew word for life, chai.
Honda owns 20 percent of Rover, and Rover owns 20 percent of Honda's British manufacturing subsidiary.
True, these sanctions had only marginal economic impact; their real impact was political, and that was vital.
'Meeting of All Cultures' "This conference was a meeting of all cultures and civilizations and it has succeeded in adopting a text which was composed by a blend of religions, values and traditions," Mr. Moussa told the final session.
As the end of "The Far Side" looms, the considerable licensing and merchandising empire created by Gary Larson's cartoons faces an uncertain future.
Dr. Shepard and another professor, Mary Lee Smith, have conducted much of the more recent research that has found no educational gains.
First, President Clinton did not follow up on his inspiring inaugural promise to return Washington to the people by putting campaign finance reform high on his legislative agenda.
To the Editor: "In Azerbaijan, Armenia Is the Aggressor" by William H. Schaap (letter, June 9) is in error both in interpreting Transcaucasian history and on the work of the Security Council.
The jury must decide whether he is guilty of murdering Ms. Bresciani, whose decomposing body was found in the back of his pickup truck by state troopers who stopped him for a traffic violation, or not guilty by reason of insanity.
He said his wife, a telephone operator on the base, will look for another job and rent an apartment until it is clear that their exile is permanent.
On the one hand, Mr. Hale pointed out, there is little objective evidence that inflation is a significant threat.
"We're caught in the throes of something right now," Riley said.
The first was an old British Ariel 600: Make this work, my father said, and I'll get you one you can take on the road.
The guest of honor sang after every two or three numbers, Samuel Ramey appeared unexpectedly -- to the audience, anyway -- to sing "Ol' Man River" accompanied by James Levine, and Ms. von Stade read a congratulatory letter from President Clinton.
Abraham Hirschfeld, the real-estate developer who ran for lieutenant governor only to be knocked off the ballot by Mr. Cuomo, is seeking revenge with what he says will be a $1 million advertising campaign against the Governor.
His calculated mixing of realism and Impressionism is probably the chief attraction of his work -- it was a very American approach -- but the sense of caution and reserve that results sets the tepid expressive temperature for nearly everything he did.
The Administration had asked for a $1 million increase over last year's budget.
It doesn't matter where he plays, just that, at age 33, he will play.
Once again we have an absolutely stunning body housing a cabin with interior space that recalls the glory days.
She appears either in the person of Aurora, the recollected old-time movie star, or as Aurora's incarnation as the Spider Woman, the angel of death.
A memory consists of an assembly of neurons firing together in a way that mimics or repeats their firing when an event was experienced.
Flush with cash, McDonnell Douglas has decided to spend a bit on stockholders.
By statute, the President heads the council, whose staff is directed by his national security adviser.
Denver city officials are sticking to a plan to open their new $3.2 billion airport on May 15 despite a request from United Airlines to delay the opening because of glitches in the airport's computerized baggage system.
(AP) Unser Leads Sweep by Penske Team: Al Unser led a Team Penske sweep of the first three positions in the Miller Genuine Draft 200 at Lexington, Ohio, by capitalizing on a penalty against Paul Tracy, who finished second.
Reformers' Role Uncertain The fact that Mr. Yeltsin just reappointed Deputy Prime Minister Anatoly B. Chubais, the powerhouse behind his privatization program, put some muscle into that "nyet."
Japan Airlines and All Nippon Airlines, the two largest carriers, said recently they would not hire stewardesses next spring.
And if it can find a lower-cost Broadway Alliance theater, "My Thing of Love," a dark comedy about marital betrayal in the suburbs, will open at the last Tony-eligible second in May, starring Laurie Metcalf, who plays Roseanne's sister on "Roseanne."
Washington has offered to provide this group of about 260 officers housing vouchers, too, to help them leave.
Talk of a large export sale of cotton to Asian countries and reports of damage to Georgia's cotton crop from the remnants of Tropical Storm Beryl lifted cotton prices.
And you have to decide carefully when to use it."
"You can't get your car out to go to work, traffic's backed up so bad."
But Administration officials recognized early on that this strategy dovetailed neatly with their goal of pressuring Mr. Castro to clamp down on the flow of refugees.
The nearly $100,000 profit enabled them to buy a house, invest in securities and real estate and provide a nest egg for their daughter, Chelsea.
It can help produce a new Middle East community."
Powers said: "New York does have to bear a disproportionate share of Medicaid costs.
United States Basketball League ATLANTA TROJANS -- Signed Shawn Golden, guard and placed him on the active roster.
The fire was confined to one apartment at the Paradise Haven Nursing Home, firefighters said.
"The world trend is digital," Mr. Egawa said at a news conference, expressing what many officials here had known but did not say publicly until today.
"Now that I'm in the semifinals, I feel not surprised," said McNeil.
"Nothing," Franco said, "that I can think of right now."
Over the last 27 years, the company he founded, Homespun Tapes, a marketer of videotaped music lessons, has expanded from his Woodstock living room into a multimillion-dollar operation with 14 employees.
The reaction in many states against Indian gaming, they say, shows how uncomfortable the country is with Indians who have the money and power to exercise their rights as sovereign peoples.
His father pledged in the 1960's.
"Before, even if you advertised 50 percent off everything, you still wouldn't get anybody," he said.
Released Toddrick McIntosh, defensive lineman, and Coleman Bell, tight end.
He now acknowledges making payments in February, March and June of that year, totaling more than $50,000.
Kansas 81, Massachusetts 75 Coach Roy Williams was in a hurry after his Kansas Jayhawks had beaten the No.
Then one time I stood up and started to walk and suddenly I felt this tingling in my spine.
"You probably wonder why I'm wearing a coat and tie," he said, then paused.
The bones of the tiny birds crackle horribly in the old lady's mouth but she remains the picture of elegant ease.
Now, even if Liberty somehow overtook the ITT-Cablevision bid and won the Garden, the other issues with Mr. Malone would apparently remain unresolved.
The first round was postponed a day because of rain Thursday.
Lilco's electricity supply in 1993 was 33 percent oil, 19 percent gas, 7 percent nuclear from its share of the Nine Mile Point 2 reactor, which is operated by the Niagara Mohawk Power Corporation and is near Oswego -- and 41 percent purchased from other producers.
Not only did Ewing have a strong first half with 10 points and 10 rebounds, New York's second-string backcourt of Greg Anthony and Hubert Davis combined for 16 points.
Would have required election-day expenses over $50 to be paid by check.
Since Mr. Sayon's death, it has only gotten worse, he said.
Joseph D. Abruzzese, senior vice president of CBS network sales, said that even if CBS wanted to "capitalize on the Tonya Harding and Nancy Kerrigan story," such a risky maneuver would yield little because "skating has always been the focal point of what we sell and of the advertising dollars."
One brokerage executive, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said that the firm of Gary Goldberg & Company.
But when he talks about his battles with the Croats in 1991-92 he refers atavistically to them as Ustasa.
In a news release titled "Doug Wilder for U.S. Senate," Mr. Wilder said Glenn K. Davidson would be his campaign manager.
The World Health Organization predicts that if it continues to spread at the same rate, the total will reach 30 million to 40 million by 2000.
For the most part, California is the national leader when it comes to controlling smoking because of passage in 1988 of another ballot initiative -- one that imposed higher taxes on tobacco products and mandated that some of the increased revenue be handed over to communities for use in anti-smoking campaigns.
The 13-year-old suspect's name is being withheld because he is being tried as a juvenile, prosecutors said.
In the late 1800's, it was the leather capital of the world; zillions of shoes came out of it.
Tonight, Olajuwon, working at a moderate pace and letting Maxwell, Horry and Kenny Smith carry the load, had 10 points at the half on 5-of-9 shooting.
"They've got billions on the line here, and many of them have sort of allowed a minority of small businesses to define the business interest in this debate," said Bob Chlopak, a consultant to the Health Care Reform Project.
Only slow and patient workmanship could achieve these seemingly spontaneous curves.
He noted that in the 19th century, children from Irish-speaking homes were made to wear "tally sticks" around their necks in school, a notch made in the stick for every time the child spoke in Irish that promised a punishment from the teacher at the end of the day.
"This is the most 'right' relationship I have ever had," he added.
Most people give me a budget to work with.
Antiterrorist specialists know what could be done, given the will.
If you fused military basic training with charm school and added precision drilling in Broadway-style song and dance, you might come up with an approximation of the Takarazuka Music School, a Japanese cultural institution with a status roughly comparable to that of Miss America in the United States.
"I called teams in the International Hockey League first, but I couldn't find anything.
It would be a good deed, and might solve our Haitian refugee problem besides.
Dispatcher: O.K., you just want him to leave?
(AP) ROWING Fordham Crews Ahead in Regatta Fordham men's freshmen-novice crew had the fastest qualifying time of all the 25 crews entered, 6 minutes 15 seconds, in the 56th annual Dad Vail Regatta yesterday on a wind-swept Schuylkill course in Philadelphia.
Both sides expected the weekend-long negotiations with the Cardinals to be resolved today.
The movie also makes reference to Federal Express.
The cause was congestive heart failure, said Anthony Heilbut, a friend and her recording producer.
Chicago Corp. Amtech Systems Inc., Tempe, Ariz., 350,000 units, each representing three shares and three warrants.
It was as intense as he is when he is playing football.
In a ritual repeated each morning, the agent removed the tape from a tiny recorder hidden on Mr. Johnson's body and replaced it with a fresh one.
He's afraid to bargain because he's worried he may not get the best bargain.
"We basically got that set of 18 pictures from Sipa six or seven hours after we dropped out of the bidding," Mr. Parker said.
The Rangers will need to replace him as coach.
Except for editing two films in the country, Mr. Lumet has never deviated from the idea that East Hampton is his refuge.
The poll did not specifically give respondents a choice of three other candidates -- Robert T. Walsh of the Right-to-Life Party, B. Thomas Golisano of the Independence Fusion Party, and Robert Schulz of the Libertarian Party -- but 1 percent said they would vote for someone other than Mr. Cuomo or Mr. Pataki.
I'm afraid that if we can't find another home there'll be a lot of people out of work who will have to go on welfare."
He published News from the U.S.S.R., with a focus on human rights, and an annual listing of Soviet political prisoners.
He said the Representative had objected to several of his appointments and become angry with him because he had other people in mind for the posts.
It's a multifaceted matter; it's not as simple as saying don't charge the mound.
He avoided the draft in Vietnam.
Miss Duke, the tobacco heiress and philanthropist who was a friend of Miss Graham, arranged a $1 million loan to the company in 1993.
Wisconsin's lack of bowl experience and U.C.L.A.
Christine begins to worry seriously about why "every time I see a cute guy my brain turns to mush."
Last year, China's Ministry of Electric Power estimated that the country needed to add 120,000 megawatts of generating capacity by 2000 simply to keep pace with demand.
It is not difficult to see the artist's early self-exile symbolically depicted in "Fisherman VII" (1993), with its figure of a screaming man adrift in a tublike boat amid a netlike latticework of white lines.
The Speaker of the House told reporters in his final news conference that he left Congress today without bitterness over his defeat earlier this month, when he became the most prominent of the many Democratic powers toppled by a Republican tide.
Mr. Jacott is survived by his wife of 42 years, Julie Garcia Jacott; a son, Carlos of Chicago; two sisters, Leisha Hollis of Fort Walton Beach, Fla., and Tenchie Gillespie of Phoenix; three brothers, Raul, also of Phoenix, and Hector and Manuel, both of Globe, Ariz.
A big company is just going to see it as a quick buck."
Tourism officials hope that by next spring, in time for the annual Historic Center Festival, a new subway line will be running through the center and that the beautiful Palacio de Bellas Artes will be fully reopened.
Susemihl argued that the context of Moran's remark was different from the Harding case.
"CRIME was certainly a factor in our recognition that the university and the city are inextricably intertwined," said Linda Koch Lorimer, secretary of Yale.
"Who are the best cheaters?"
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
If you have any doubts, just walk into a bookstore and request a book about modeling geared toward prepubescent girls.
Not too long ago, 30 miles per hour was a fast speed for a skiing or fishing vessel.
But Mr. Brown emphasized that for the Clinton Administration, like the Bush and Reagan Administrations, law enforcement remained an important part of the country's drug strategy.
But the Serbs' advance on Bihac, and General Rose's apparent reluctance to call in air strikes since Wednesday, has brought strains between the two sides into the open.
Iraq is surely an aggressor state; but it can also respond rationally to diplomatic incentives.
Right now I think I'm close to 100 percent."
They were "so thankful that the Americans are letting Japanese students go as representatives of the United States," she said.
It was Mr. Slovo, two years later, who first floated the idea of a unity government, including the defeated white rulers as junior partners.
The literal answer, that Mr. Baz is the son of a Lebanese Druse father and a Palestinian Muslim mother, is hardly unusual in the uprooting and unrest of the Middle East.
He points out that he won 11 tournaments, including one major, during the 20-month period between the 1992 PGA Championship and his victory last month in the ICL International in South Africa.
In El Salvador, for example, legislators wanted to prohibit the media from damaging the "images" of political leaders, "dead or alive."
"When you're printing billions of stamps every year, you have to get them out early to get them nationwide."
THE end of both a century and a millennium seems a natural time to get interested in one's family history.
So it was that a number of the participants at the Whole Life Expo gathered at a Manhattan hotel this weekend to listen to people who said they had traveled beyond the pale and returned to praise the experience.
b-Included a restructuring charge of $ 500,000.
Too bad, kid, but that's baseball.
The award increased earnings net by 46 cents a share.
In Moscow and St. Petersburg, callers can usually count on getting a dial tone, but not much more.
He said the study "is not going to take a very long time" and was designed to build a consensus on the plan.
That's the best kind of money.
The computer file instructs a robotic tailor to cut a bolt to the woman's measurements.
OUTCOME: The boys are forced to perform excerpts from "The Nutcracker."
The project is expected to start in August, just before the beginning of the school year.
SNAPSHOTS FROM HELL The Making of an MBA.
So the squirrels on the college campus learned to "Dumpster dive" he said, feasting on pizza crusts and chicken bones.
But Mr. Stitt and Ms. Berezin feel that the first step has been completed; there is now, at last, a fundamentally sound business plan in place, something beyond artistic idealism to earn the confidence of supporters.
Bartabas will accept comparisons now only with Peter Brook, Ariane Mnouchkine and Pina Bausch, who happen to be artists the Brooklyn Academy has prominently imported.
The cold war is over.
Not that thrifters have time for food.
It was a mood of relief.
The kinds of issues that Proviso is constantly up against -- lack of financial support, lack of community support, racial hostility and white flight, unmotivated students -- can be found in suburbs across the land.
The Tutsi have given the white people their daughters.
Our organization consists of health professionals who create self-management plans and offer counseling that is not often available through family physicians and general practitioners.
He added that the situation was being closely studied by regulators.
If the Republicans gained only 20 House seats, the low end of most current forecasts, the Democrats would need 92 percent.
The 6-foot-8, 225-pound forward led the nation in scoring with a 30.3 average last season.
Even when her campaign promise to cut taxes was so derided that it was costing her points in the opinion polls, Christine Todd Whitman stuck to her guns.
But the officials said that decision would have required the exercise of prosecutorial discretion just as Mr. Clinton signed the statute and could have created an impression that the Administration was halting the investigation to keep it out of the hands of an independent prosecutor.
Thomas Devery performed the ceremony at the Holy Name of Mary Roman Catholic Church in Croton-on-Hudson, N.Y. Ms. Clarkin, 36, is keeping her name.
More importantly, he said, his story is teaching cancer victims never to give up.
The first that came to mind was the Meiji uprising of 1868, when the power of Japan's feudal shoguns was cracked, and fighting raged in Kyoto, Gekkeikan's home.
To replace a shower arm, shut off the water to the shower and use a wrench to unscrew the arm from its fitting inside the wall.
During the four months that their clients are working for a private company on a trial basis, the clients are on the America Works payroll, receiving $4.25 an hour, minimum wage.
Rabbi Joseph P. Sternstein officiated at Temple Beth Sholom in Roslyn Heights, L.I.
Most Republicans hold that taxpayers should not be required to finance candidates they do not approve of, that public financing leads to an entitlement program for politicians and that spending limits are an infringement of candidates' constitutional right of free speech.
However, she continues to use her friends and family in her attempt to vilify Woody Allen.
The smell goes from sweet to rancid as one walks in different parts of the camp.
At its center is the unhappy and ultimately homicidal love life of the Maurrant family.
In a statement, Whittle acknowledged "working with an investment bank to serve as our adviser to explore future financing options."
On the final play of the game, Esiason threw a desperation pass from the Miami 35 but it sailed 10 yards behind the end zone.
So far, only G. Oliver Koppell, the Bronx Assemblyman who is serving out the term of former Attorney General Robert Abrams, and Charles J. Hynes, the Brooklyn District Attorney, have announced their plans to run for the job.
As a consolation to Mr. Brooks, the bargainers re-opened the weapons ban, but they talked about options far less drastic than he had proposed.
But the 45-day period did not begin until Tuesday, when the Administration delivered its bill to Congress, and Congress is scheduled to break for the election campaign in nine days.
Later, the Massachusetts-based organization Cultural Survival took over the funding.
Webern's treatment of "Ihr Bild" wisely used Schubert's own orchestral style, with string choirs against dark horns in harmony.
The script continued, "For most Japanese, it was a war to defend their unique culture against Western imperialism."
"You need a pause to refresh," Mr. Hays said.
The market was also turning more volatile.
The Publicity Gamut She must have known it would be like this.
"If a male friend calls, I don't have to feel threatened anymore," said a 44-year-old Air Force lieutenant colonel based in Colorado.
Some residents of this mainly agricultural town of 22,000 accept the potential danger as the price for the heavy concentration of military installations here in San Diego County.
WOMEN who walk a mile a day, whether on the track or in the course of a busy day, reduce their chance of losing bone density as they age.
And the exposure certainly helps album sales.
"Let everything settle down and revisit it next week.
That is quite a comedown for the plastics company.
"It's sold in large quantity around university campuses, because it is sort of a gag to have it," said Lyle Stuart, the publisher of Barricade Books.
(Eventually the group landed a larger table in the spiffier Rose Room.)
Further, in the case of a small co-op like ours in Greenwich Village, a shortage of resident owners means that a handful of people end up doing all the work of running the building, which can be substantial.
The officers said the drive took only four minutes; they and their union contended that many witnesses were distorting the facts or lying.
The findings of the judge, Capt.
One of my favorite movies is a French film from 1978 called "Dear Inspector."
The Republican Senator from North Carolina is trying to attach a prayer amendment to legislation that would set national standards for students and pour about $5 billion into school reform.
"I would not characterize this as an assassination attempt at all, no way," said Richard Griffin, assistant director for protective operations at the Secret Service.
The high cost of hiring and firing workers discourages companies from doing either.
In an interview Friday, France's delegate to the United Nations, Jean-Bernard Merimee, denied that his country, whose troops restored order to large parts of Rwanda in the summer, was in any way impeding progress there.
But the numbers were below the company's expectations, and the growth came entirely from international sales.
"Mr. Claes is frustrated," Mr. Silajdzic said, adding that the failure of the United Nations to protect Bihac had erased any hope for an international peace plan that the Serbs have refused to sign.
FOR thousands of telephone users, the party on the other end of the line is, more and more often, a computer.
Business Day begins on page D7.
Prince Edward Island mussels, steamed in a rich white wine-garlic-herb broth, were winning, despite mussels that were merely lima-bean size.
He has become a master at exploiting the wounded pride of Russians who feel that the last decade has left them poorer, weaker and more humiliated than they ever were before.
But perhaps we should consider that the gene or genes responsible for obesity define our adaptation to a particular nutritional environment, which we have altered dramatically.
But the real experts here will be the cancer patients themselves."
Another quick exit by the Americans -- they were bounced after three forgettable games at the 1990 World Cup in Italy -- and the fear is that soccer will not become the fifth major league but rather disappear into the fifth dimension.
Some of their fellow Republicans accuse them of selling out by giving the Democrats a one-day excursion ticket, valid only for one trip out of the Finance Committee.
SHELDON MILGROM Durham, N.C., Jan. 19, 1994
Mr. Finkenstein's latest project is a carousel with an endangered-species theme: mountain gorillas, wolves, pandas, manatees, grizzly bears, otters, leatherback turtles, Indian elephants and whales.
At Christmas, delivery time is never normal.
Unlike construction jobs, which all but disappeared in the recession, most convention centers boomed.
That mix is in the stories of Stephen Crane and the essays of W. E. B. DuBois; in the photographs of Alfred Stieglitz and the short films of D. W. Griffith, and in the dances of Vernon and Irene Castle.
I like it because it contains memories, and what I paint concerns memory."
On a glass coffee table is another indication of Ms. Moutoussamy-Ashe's strong belief in the celebration of lives that have gone before: a copy of her second book, recently republished, "Viewfinders: Black Women Photographers" (Writers & Readers).
"Crybaby" follows Rachel as she travels from Chicago to Santa Barbara to help care for her former sister-in-law, Melody, who has been injured in a bad car accident.
Izzy, as Bennett was known, was a flame-haired, canny, irascible visionary, and she liked Mr. Reinhart immediately.
Linebacker Carlton Bailey, who played with the 1992 Buffalo Bills team that made it to the Super Bowl as a wild card, is almost a piece of history and, the Giants hope, a good-luck charm.
His father retired as the president and chief executive of the Chrysler Capital Corporation in Greenwich.
Here are a few of their stories.
He likes the way they think.
Police officers in search of a murder suspect burst into the wrong house on Wednesday, handcuffed the homeowner, a state prison guard, and killed his two dogs.
"All politicians are crooked, and he happened to get caught," she said.
The firm, said its editor, Dr. David G. Martin, is named for the New Jersey branch of the Longstreet family famed for a Confederate general, James Longstreet.
It represents fair treatment of a Government that has been the victim of outside aggression since its birth and that is even now prepared to give up half its original territory in exchange for peace.
The note yielded 144 basis points less than the 30-year bond, up two basis points from yesterday.
In recent months, an increasing number of private companies, restaurants, government agencies and even cities and states have reduced in number or eliminated the areas available for smoking.
Stools, seven small tables indoors and four more in front offer sufficient accommodations to enjoy a strong bitter espresso ($1.10) or foamy cappuccino ($1.85).
Two or three minutes before the meal is ready, add the corn from the cob or frozen corn kernels to the zucchini.
At that rate, Mr. Gephardt's proposal would cut the bill of an average eligible taxpayer by about $290, but how the money would be distributed is not clear.
A18 EVILS OF SUGAR DISPUTED Researchers have found evidence that they say should refute the belief that sugar or the artificial sweetener aspartame can make normal children frenetic or make hyperactive children wild.
"The one group that's truly happy are the suppliers from New Jersey," Mr. Fox said, referring to in-state retailers who are required by law to automatically charge the sales tax.
Blistering, prolonged heat well over 100 degrees killed thousands of people in India in June, and forest fires have ravaged Spain and the western United States.
The goal was never to impose a single profile of academic programs on CUNY or to reorganize the system of colleges, but to stimulate campus-level planning and priority-setting when city and state resources were severely curtailed and enrollment was soaring.
That's why students are not intimidated by failure.
For Russia, the pact offers an ally in combatting organized crime, which has become a serious political issue because it is eroding Russian confidence in market-oriented economic changes.
The changes will also encourage riders to sit anywhere on inbound trains, instead of bunching on the front, as they do now.
Even garden-variety dishes like rigatoni alla vodka and cannelloni were superior renditions.
Palestinians had expected Israel to release 1,000 prisoners today, but the Israeli radio said only 170 had been freed, while hundreds of other prisoners refused to sign a pledge renouncing violence and "terror."
Of Ms. Westwood, Mr. Galliano and Mr. Gaultier, she added: "Designers like them don't do marketing.
Lorrie McHugh, a White House spokeswoman, termed the actions of both organizations counterproductive.
sells components to racers through its subsidiary, Hughes, and many companies have bought electric versions of vans from Ford, General Motors and Chrysler.
Two proposals were received, one from Urban Space Management, which consulted on the design of the Grand Central Terminal market and has created retail centers in England.
Add butter and tarragon, and stir to blend.
"I didn't know what was going to happen," he said.
It has also fueled a sense of hopelessness among other young Kuwaitis, who see no future in their country, look to the West and revel in American popular culture and habits.
The proposals, which the commission could carry out on its own, are aimed specifically at investments known as derivatives, because their value is derived from an underlying security, but one result would be a new dimension of disclosure by the entire fund industry.
The only shot Starks made before halftime was a breakaway layup.
The interview session begins, and the crowd immediately forms around Derek Harper in the far corner of the Summit floor.
Ms. Gartner said, "In 1979 and 1980, four Federal appellate courts held that state Medicaid programs must pay for all abortion services for which Federal reimbursement is available."
Clark Center for the Performing Arts and Louise Roberts, its longtime director, will be honored in "Remembering Clark Center," a free program of dance and conversation on Sunday at 7:30 P.M. at the Charles Moore Center for Ethnic Studies, 397 Bridge Street, in Downtown Brooklyn.
He was just a very vital person."
Who would expect to find New York's best xiao long bao at this modest restaurant?
"Some of the stuff I watch I have trouble with," said one American League hitter who requested anonymity.
When the Arab League refuses to end the embargo, Israel talks about the exceptions Arabs graciously grant from time to time.
Salmon is probably the fish most often served whole, and therefore the most readily available.
With the victory, he leaped past Ballesteros into second place on the final European money list -- worth a bonus of $135,500.
Lawyers for the Zwynenburgs acknowledge that the three-year deadline was looming when the I.R.S.
18 FLOOD WATERS UNABATED The town of Albany, Ga., has been cut in half by the swollen brown torrent of the Flint River, and an area accustomed only to occasional street flooding suddenly finds itself a city of transients.
"We are not trying to undo the Erisa system.
In this week's hearings, Mr. Summers's lawyers are arguing that the confession should not be admissible as evidence at a trial scheduled to begin in September.
"It can look to the market to recalibrate the work force, or we can attempt to manage it more directly."
Such a move could have enormous implications for an array of interest rates in the economy -- everything from home mortgages to savings accounts -- and for the pace of economic growth.
But the six were singled out for detailed discussion, the agency said, because they "reported a significantly more aggressive use of either leverage or derivatives, or both."
Whether they are terminally ill, in intractable pain, or like me, just know that the right time has come for them, more people might want to know that this way exists."
The city already has much of the money it needs for the street improvements, including $4 million for construction costs, half of which comes from Federal Community Development Block Grants and half from state highway-improvement funds.
"Once you quit learning, it's probably time to get out."
"I didn't show any ball gowns," he said, "because the short evening dress -- we used to call it the cocktail dress -- seems more acceptable to more women."
The study asked about many different sexual practices but found that only three were appealing to more than a small fraction of heterosexual Americans.
Mr. Giuliani's presentation and the supporting documents did not provide a narrative of the effects on services.
David Florence, 41, executive vice president and general manager at Kobs & Draft in New York, will continue to head the office.
The lenses and optics company says it faces collapse unless it further slashes jobs.
WITH interest rates rising and the stock market stagnating, certificates of deposit provide a soothing choice for conservative investors.
All are made on the premises and all are terrific, as are the scones and banana muffins.
And she goes on to age throughout the film with magnificent delicacy.
They start listening and looking around and pretty soon you've got cheerleaders instead of players.
The promoter, Don King, announced a tentative agreement under which Chavez would meet the winner of a Pernell Whitaker-Frankie Randall for Whitaker's title.
There were other skeptics later who said the sky would fall if we passed the North American Free Trade Agreement.
These programs have suggested retail prices -- $149 for Personal Time and Billing, for example -- but we all know by now that these are fictions.
"It was my decision to resign," said Mr. Hayes, who declined to elaborate or to comment on reports in trade publications of friction between him and other top executives like Lee Garfinkel, vice chairman and chief creative officer, and Frank Lowe, chairman of Lowe and its parent, the Lowe Group, in London.
Revenue for the quarter, which ended on Sept. 3, was up 12 percent, to $7.06 billion from $6.32 billion.
Wrote Two Books In the 1960's and 70's, Mr. Reinhardt divided his time between Los Angeles and Salzburg, Austria, where he directed plays.
Even then, they almost lost their apartment to another couple in a bidding war.
Without the charge, net income increased 39.5 percent.
Since the Iranian Islamic revolution led by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini in 1979 overthrew the Persian monarchy, Iranian religious leaders have worked to galvanize Shiite communities, enhancing Iran's leading role in Shiism.
THE WATERWORKS, by E.L. Doctorow.
Whatever it's called, the Jets will have to fill the void left by Rob Moore, who broke his wrist against the Eagles last Saturday and will miss at least the first two regular-season games.
They cited the letter at a hearing earlier this week when they asked the judge to order a psychiatric screening examination, which concluded Mr. Duran could understand the charges against him.
She could certainly soften the culture clash next month when hordes of soccer fans come to America for a game that is not yet American, and some thousands of athletes come to New York for the nonexclusive Gay Games ("Who's going to test?"
Aikman and Irvin played some and did not aggravate their injuries.
Anthony Cave Brown, then a correspondent for The Daily Mail, is gazing out from his hotel balcony.
The selloff just seemed to take matters into its own hands."
"This is a very tightly controlled, hierarchical company," said John P. Relman, a lawyer for plaintiffs in one of the suits.
Decorative encaustics cost $110 a square foot.
Mr. Nocera traces the change to three major financial innovations: the widespread acceptance of the credit card, which democratized debt; the rise of the mutual fund, which democratized investment, and the coming of the discount brokerage house, which democratized investment strategy.
B9 Editorials/Op-Ed A34-35 Editorials Who is running our Korea policy?
And experiments in dealer obsequiousness, like G.M.
Many states, including Georgia, allow lawyers to accept payment by conventional credit card.
Then they would be required to comply.
No, he doesn't think of Ballet Theater anymore.
Walter Malouf of the Hudson River Club is the celebrity chef tonight.
Bucking a Trend Salomon, which earned a record $827 million last year, has curiously bucked a downward trend among brokerage firms that trade in public markets this year.
Kevin Edwards was getting treatment on his left knee, Dwayne Schintzius was complaining about his back and Jayson Williams was being given a magnetic resonance imaging test on his left knee.
It might not be your religious sensibility.
"Really, I prize my freedom and I don't see giving it up until I'm biologically forced to.
First Game as Opponents More is likely in store for him Sunday afternoon, when the 49ers play at Kansas City in their first game against Joe Montana since he was traded to the Chiefs two seasons ago.
Mr. Caine performed on Broadway and appeared on dozens of television programs, but was most widely known as the Gestapo commander Hochstedder in "Hogan's Heroes," which ran on CBS from 1965 to 1971.
More important is that exercise makes the nine months of pregnancy easier.
The poet is saying, 'Other people come and we fade away,' and the book is saying, 'We fade away and other people come.'
The bank also lowered by one-quarter of a point the Lombard rate, which acts as a ceiling on German money market rates, taking it to 6.5 percent from 6.75 percent.
Wide receiver Rob Moore earned admiration from teammates with his early-season heroics, playing with a broken hand and making great plays.
Joining them are some small-business owners who argue that a project of the magnitude planned by Exxon -- with giant pulverizing mills and shafts as deep as 2,800 feet -- could wreck a healthy rural economy based on forestry, recreation and light manufacturing.
Simmer until tender, about 5 minutes.
"I never said that," he said.
Except for animated blockbusters like "Beauty and the Beast," and "Aladdin," and a handful of successes like "Cool Runnings," and "The Joy Luck Club," one of the studio's rare serious films, Disney's recent offerings have proved disappointing, if not dismal.
Mrs. Yu gave $93, or an amount equal to how old her mother would have been.
The company also announced a new on-line service, but it will not be available before the middle of next year either.
Ms. Alexander's voice does not have the stentorian gorgeousness of Ms. Price's at her best; she is not the virtuoso Mr. Browning has in mind.
The novel opens with Liliane on the couch exploring her unconscious with the help of her analyst.
In attempting to suppress the problem, authorities have made it worse.
The year also included a charge from an accounting adjustment of $ 44,165,000, or 32 cents a share.The company said the latest quarter included a pretax gain of $ 101 million on the sale of Envirotech Pumpsystems group and an unusual charge of $ 51.1 million related to the reorganization and restructuring of oilfield operations.
The bride's previous marriage ended in divorce.
That has left the candidates frustrated, election officials bewildered and many observers flabbergasted.
The $100 meals, called the Mill River Inn's Roots of American Cuisine, trace the culinary influences that contributed to the cooking style of the executive chef, Michael Meehan.
's in plain vanilla form will bring investors back to the market," Mr. Zipp of Lehman Brothers said.
Mr. Martland's music, at any rate, stands between two sets of values and only excites the conflicts between them.
Jail officials maintain that collusion by anyone on the staff is highly unlikely, but the Nassau County District Attorney's office says its inquiry remains open.
Government soldiers captured two companies of Mr. Abdic's forces today and artillery and mortar duels were continuing, the sources said, with Government troops advancing to the strategic town of Pecigrad.
Coach PAT RILEY said he gave special thanks to Ewing and Oakley before the team meeting.
"I'm just saying the risk is higher."
I knew him as Rashed.
Was he hurt, scared, bored, taking a dive?
If it proves to be feasible, the venture will build a demonstration plant adjacent to Nucor's sheet steel plant in Hickman, Ark.
It is received with amazement -- and with skepticism.
The bride is the stepdaughter of Edward J. Birkner.
"We certainly recognize we cannot control all municipalities," Trecker said.
McCardell's great accomplishment is that she made comfort and wearability look stylish and attractive.
"I couldn't get a better seat," said Mr. Spitz, who is now trying out to be an umpire.
Another inmate, Jesse Anderson, who was serving a life term for killing his wife, was also slain.
"We've moved well beyond a world in which a single set of currency rules is practical," he concluded.
Tonight's game at the Palace of Auburn Hills featured Wayne Gretzky and other N.H.L.
Lenny Garofalo, the owner of the pizzeria, which is on Mount Vernon's busiest street, said he was talking to Officer McClendon, a regular customer, when a gun went off outside the restaurant.
* Michael O'Rourke, executive vice president and general manager at the Portland, Ore., office of Borders, Perrin & Norrander, was promoted to president, succeeding Bill Borders, who continues as director of creative services.
She got up to go to the nearby bathroom "in the firm belief the child was still asleep," he said, "and in the ensuing few seconds, the child got hold of the gun and fired."
"It would change the school absolutely," said Maj. Rick Mill, a former marine and a Citadel alumnus and spokesman who adorns his office walls with military memorabilia, a photograph of himself with President Ronald Reagan and a Rush Limbaugh calendar that promises, "Rush Shines the Light of Truth."
She described Priscille as a "radiant, extraordinarily happy" child who was strangely adult for her age.
The fund, which is conducting its 82d annual appeal for donations through Feb. 28, gives all gifts directly to the charities because The Times pays the campaign's overhead costs.
The company also said that first quarter net income was reduced $ 7.4 million, or 12 cents a share, from specific debt hedging transactions.
Those inside cannot walk any farther than the end of the road.
All of this at bargain prices.
The $9 billion cash offer expires at the end of business today, and is only good if American Cyanamid, a maker of vitamins and vaccines, agrees to a friendly merger.
"Martin Pemberton is going down Broadway," Mr. Doctorow said.
"I would not make a statement that there is general corruption."
In addition, they said, the agency will soon begin a review that could lead to banning atrazine, cyanazine and simazine because they are so widely used.
But the case could have broader implications, affecting the terms on which music videos are made available to interactive pay-per-view services and cable channels as varied as Black Entertainment Television and Country Music Television.
"My concern is that the bill may become just an unenforceable law," Mrs. Fox said.
AFRICA, POLITICALLY The current leaders for selected countries are pictured.
But give Reed and the Nets credit for their ultimatum to Coleman that he would be traded by the Feb. 24 deadline if he did not sign with them.
I don't know what the Giants are thinking but I don't think they are ready to go to the young guys yet.
On most weekends, Mr. Medica works.
We know only enough about the characters to push them toward their destinations.
Therefore, the pernicious effects of faction had to be controlled.
How that value is apportioned among Macy's various creditors was not spelled out yesterday, although people familiar with Federated's discussions with creditors said its plans would probably disappoint junior creditors.
About 10,000 have been allowed into the United States to apply for political asylum.
General Instrument, which makes cable television equipment, plunged 6 1/8 in heavy trading, to 44 5/8, after Tele-Communications said it would cut its spending.
Tonight, Mr. Kinchla's strength was in his rhythmic guitar riffing, and his quest to create the perfect hippie brand of metal.
She was severely retarded and had to be fed through a tube.
He was never thrown out of a ball game.
Lack of Firm Data Since scientists do not know for sure what drives the strep cycles, and since there is no requirement to report strep infections to the C.D.C., they can only speculate about whether the surge in deadly infections that began several years ago has passed its peak.
And the entertainment at the black-tie dinner tomorrow, which usually runs to performers of a certain era like the comedian Rich Little, will be the Capitol Steps, a group from Washington that fashions today's headlines into song parodies that mock high-profile figures like President Clinton and the conservative talk-show host Rush Limbaugh.
"When I watch the films, I write down things to tell the guys," Collins said.
The authors spend so much time arguing in favor of temping's legitimacy that readers must wonder if they are not protesting a bit too much.
As Mr. Berlusconi prepared to speak in Palermo today, Italian newspapers ran front-page stories quoting Mafia informers as saying there had been business ties between Mr. Berlusconi's Fininvest Corporation and the Mafia.
8 P.M. Tickets: $35 ($75 includes preferred seating and a pre-performance reception.)
She accused him of ignoring promises to give more influence to the city's five borough presidents and of jeopardizing whatever consensus he hoped to build for the budget to be presented in April.
He mentioned the possibility of helping NBC explore new-business opportunities as another attraction.
They are Piper Jaffray Institutional Government Income Fund, Managers Intermediate Mortgage Fund, Monitor Mortgage Securities Fund, American Government Income Fund, American Government Income Portfolio and American Opportunity Income Fund.
The evening will begin with cocktails at 6:30, followed by dinner at 7:30.
Earlier this month, he was to have been released to live here with a sister who had not been born when he first went away.
She does not have to live on Rodeo Drive to be part of the film community."
And in a world of political spinmasters and corporate message makers, perhaps cynicism itself has become a subject journalists need to cover.
402-A runs counter to this shared objective in various ways as described below.
NEW YORK METS -- Released Doug Dascenzo, outfielder.
Ms. Landau's text and lyrics -- which borrow from the works of Jean Genet, Walt Whitman, Langston Hughes, Andy Warhol and others -- and Mr. Gordon's other-worldly music are sometimes stirring, but too often gushingly inspirational.
We can't let some misinformed truckers take away that distinction.
Athletics, once a haven from drugs, is now home to a virtual drugstore.
The three civilians killed in the last two months, all Roman Catholics, were victims of Protestant paramilitaries, who have also attacked the Belfast headquarters of Sinn Fein, the I.R.A.
The common features allow parts to be interchanged, and can lower the costs of pilot training and maintenance.
Yet the youthful passion for social justice that shaped Dr. Berkman's political past is still intact, much as it was for Jeffrey David Powell, the former Weatherman leader who surrendered last week after 24 years on the run, spent working in relief agencies for poor children.
On the other hand, consider a series like "The Jeffersons."
The trial here is the first courtroom challenge of recovered-memory therapy, a treatment whose attempts to loosen the recollections of victims of childhood sexual abuse have polarized the mental health profession.
"Case Closed," said the front-page headline.
"I know I'm just 19, and it's just my first Slam final, but it's difficult not to be disappointed, because I really had a chance to win here," said Pierce, whose off-court composure -- which borders on diffidence -- has been remarkable throughout her hellish and her halcyon days.
Bonds purchased since Nov. 1, 1982, and held at least five years earn either the average of semiannual rates during the holding period or the minimum rate in effect at the time they were purchased, whichever is higher.
The cancer treatments severely damage the cells' DNA, he explained, and that damage signals the cells to kill themselves.
D10 Senator George Mitchell said he would enjoy being a Justice.
If indexed bonds are indeed the best idea since knee guards for skaters, why hasn't the Treasury already issued them?
"I can't eat plants," he said.
And we should hold out South Africa's decision to disclose and abandon its nuclear weapons program as a model for the Asian subcontinent.
"As the President said yesterday, our policy has not changed one iota," said Anthony Lake, Mr. Clinton's national security adviser.
As I wrote in "An Embarrassment of Riches," the issue was not nepotism but the consolidation and abuse of critical power.
He is survived by his companion, C. M. Wirth, and a brother, Paul, of Manchester, N.H.
About 1,000 jobs have been eliminated, and the Mayor hopes to eliminate at least 3,600 more through severance.
And to contrast with this portrait of the bloated, uncaring career politician, candidates are vying to show that they -- unlike their bloated, uncaring opponents -- have real feelings and real values.
"It is not a matter of adjusting," he had said to me rather firmly the first time that we met, "but rather a matter of changing."
On the tennis court, their differences broke down to what Agassi said after outlasting Michael Chang in a five-set match on Labor Day and what Gilbert recycled yesterday afternoon.
The hiring of Mr. Kavetas ends a search that began when Mr. Steffen, a turnaround specialist, left Kodak only a couple of months after he was brought in.
It is a common practice in Asia to grind the bones of both animals for medicines and aphrodisiacs.
But Daniel Maier, an A.M.A.
"We've come too far in this budget-deficit cutting to let the next Congress turn back and start cooking the books.
"I don't know what else to say.
* The codependence of scent and skin care.
"This is definitely a win on our part," said Carmine Santa Maria, chairman of the Citizens Opposing Unhealthy Gas Hazards -- known by its acronym, Cough -- which had been asking the city to conduct an environmental impact study for months.
With the conservancy's help, St. Bartholomew's Church in Brooklyn is undertaking emergency repair of a Tiffany stained-glass window damaged by a bullet from a street fight.
"I have clients who are natural for it."
The problem was resolved by late afternoon and did not affect deliveries or regular Federal Express pickup sites, Mr. Martin said.
Fibbing is bad, especially to sensitive sofa yams.
The AMR Corporation, the parent of American Airlines, said yesterday that a strike by its flight attendants last fall cost the carrier $190 million and led to a fourth-quarter net loss of $253 million.
NATO carried out the first two air strikes in its 45-year history, but Britain lost a jet in a third attempt, two of six American bombs dropped were duds, and the moment of decision turned into one of humiliation.
Describing himself as "totally calm," Mr. Berlusconi said he would not resign since it was his "firm intention not to abandon the task that was entrusted to me" in the elections last March that brought his conservative coalition to power.
Rabbi Ira F. Stone is to perform the ceremony at Temple Beth Zion-Beth Israel in Philadelphia.
And it is betting big that the combined company can be a leading provider of 401(k) employee retirement plans.
Jack Faris, president of the National Federation of Independent Business, which represents 600,000 small-business owners and has been extremely active in the formation of the bill, praised the proposal as "the most viable" alternative to other proposals.
However, Mr. Rosenblatt said the city has for three years maintained an informal agreement with local officials that among other things establishes stricter eligibility requirements for shelter residents here than in New York City.
"But all of it fell on deaf ears."
"With your English," says his wife, "he doesn't have much choice."
I was pretty bummed out.
Portland has my deepest condolences; he's your problem now.
EIGHTH ANNUAL THROGS NECK HALLOWEEN PARADE AND PARTY, starting at noon tomorrow when parents and children, in costume, are eligible for age-category costume contests.
However, 9 to 5 is releasing a survey of callers to its job-complaint phone line that paints a less-than-happy picture of employer responses to requests for leave and points, Ms. Bravo says, to the need for changes in the law.
They're employed for at least some portion of the year.
"Florida could ill afford it in August, and nothing has changed."
And though Akihito's father, Hirohito, renounced notions of divinity, it is still easy to shock Japan with even the slightest hint of disrespect for the world's oldest, unbroken imperial line.
Today it fluctuates wildly against the German mark and Japanese yen.
They asserted that the judge, David G. Trager of United States District Court in Brooklyn, had a conflict of interest.
Bob Hulburd, the legendary Andover coach, was said to be recovering from cancer surgery in Florida.
Some said it was a result of the national recession; others said it was the result of high business costs directly attributable to Mr. Cuomo's policies.
Mr. Hamilton, who as head of the House Intelligence Committee said he had come to know and respect Mr. Inman, added: "His news conference yesterday was extraordinary, one of the most amazing events I've seen in Washington, a stream of consciousness that confirmed the fact that he was not going to be comfortable in the job.
Those parts of the financing that are not insured by the Ambac Indemnity Corporation -- and thus triple-A rated by the rating agencies -- are rated A by Moody's Investors Service and A- by Standard & Poor's.
The slow-moving line for disaster assistance stretched far outside into the chilly night.
Mr. Collier's self-appointed task here is to make sure such developments are never without foreshadowing of an attention-getting, opportune kind.
Besides, the Army has gear that cityfolk never see, like the Phillips Arctic Living System, comfortable in temperatures from 70 to 120 below (with windchill), the perfect outfit for waiting for a bus on lower Broadway.
Last week the tobacco industry faced the prospect of the sharpest restrictions on advertising yet, as the Surgeon General said she would rather see no advertising for "something we know to be a poison and a killer."
Rates start at $275 for a double room.
The heads of these institutions would try to avert any tendency toward narrow nationalism or protective regionalism that would fragment or weaken the global economy.
"This is the most excitement we've had," he said, "since the flooding in the basement."
Among those steps would be requiring state agencies to analyze any regulation's effect on the economy and ordering a review of all state regulations to reduce "as much as possible the burden that the people of this state suffer under."
"You look stupid with you mouth open."
Their films -- often about subjects like sexuality, sociopathology and cultural dislocation -- have not only garnered critical praise and swept film festival honors, but have also proved commercially viable.
But the study also raises questions about why black women started out heavier, gained more weight during the study and more after pregnancy than white women, said Dr. Jules Hirsch, an obesity researcher at Rockefeller University in New York.
Simmer for 20 more minutes.
Yet within the terms that he established nearly three decades ago, Mr. Olitski is probably making the best paintings of his career.
On Tuesday, he appeared in court as his lawyers joined prosecutors in asking Judge Lance A. Ito not to grant the press access to photographs of the crime scene or other sensitive material from the case files.
Will taking it cost them their lives?"
NEW HAMPSHIRE Democrats -- Swett, Y. Republicans -- Zeliff, Y.
In any case, there is a civility, if not a back-slapping relationship, between the two quarterbacks.
Peter Struck, a leader of the opposition Social Democratic Party, told a television interviewer on Sunday that his party would press for a favorable vote at a meeting set for Thursday.
This is a powerful landscape: stark, solitary, ferocious -- and, to Bates, irresistible.
A1 PATAKI PROPOSES TAX CUTS State Senator George E. Pataki proposed deep and broad-based cuts in personal income taxes that would reduce the tax burden of virtually every New Yorker.
The league has four teams in California, including Palm Springs and Long Beach, and four in the Pacific Northwest, including one in British Columbia.
"People who had better diets at the beginning did better at the end," said Marion Nestle, the chairwoman of the department of nutrition at New York University, hardly disguising her glee.
Analysts Are Split Ms. Ferst and some other analysts speculated that the board was still considering breaking up the company.
"This is a planned four-year phased restoration," Mr. Verre said, that will require some demolition and construction.
Lee Douglass, the Insurance Commissioner of Arkansas and chairman of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, said yesterday at a gathering of insurance executives in New York that 38 states were now accredited and that "nearly all" would be accredited by the end of next year.
The 4-2 decision over the Brewers yesterday ended the New Yorkers' five-game home losing streak.
The parade, organized by the Ancient Order of Hibernians, steps off at 11 A.M. tomorrow at 44th Street.
"I inherited it," Mr. Zyman said of the campaign, developed under his predecessor, Peter S. Sealey, who was dismissed when Mr. Zyman was brought back to corporate headquarters in Atlanta.
That is a red herring."
And Saberhagen had not allowed seven runs in a game since June 25, 1993, an 8-5 loss to the Cardinals.
The initiative should not be left in the hands of our enemies."
Cutoff for Christmas, Dec. 21.
He changed his mind and reported to spring training with the A's in 1980, but suffered a knee injury and was sent to a minor league team in Ogden, Utah.
Apple Computer also made a strong showing, selling more Macintosh machines than expected, though its sales growth was not as large as that of many PC makers, Mr. Goldstein said.
Miss MacLean asked Edward Chavis, 10, one of 540 city children returning from two weeks of summer camp sponsored by the Fresh Air Fund.
that before it grants a waiver it has to consider whether it is an experiment from which we can learn and what its likely effects will be on families and children."
All this makes for much unhappiness at Macmillan, even if Paramount hasn't been quite as Darth Vaderish about the transition as many employees had feared.
But it has yet to define how it will build a credible alternative.
This is a policy driven by economic necessity, one that is inevitably followed by the overwhelming proportion of American companies and accepted by nearly all unions.
A black satin nightgown with spaghetti straps in the spring collection is $225, a silver lace slip in next fall's collection is $850 and a cashmere tunic is $975.
The programs "have been a major stabilizing influence" on the surrounding neighborhood, said Jonathan Kleinbard, the university's vice president for community affairs.
But the Interior Minister, Seth Sendashonga, said in an interview, "It is a joint operation."
Also called Oregon grape holly, this brute (Mahonia bealii) bears little grape-size fruit that attracts birds, so listen up, nature lovers.
The optimum soil temperature for good growth ranges from 55 to 70 degrees.
The nimble tailback squirted to a career-best 211 yards and scored a touchdown today to lead the Huskies to a 25-16 victory over Ohio State.
'A Massacre Is a Massacre' "In no case is there, nor can there be, an army order that says it is forbidden to shoot at a settler even if he is shooting at others or at you," he said.
Former contras still on the political scene are looking to Mr. Helms for help as 1996 elections approach.
Federal authorities today arrested Jeff Gillooly, the former husband of Tonya Harding, and said they had grounds to believe he has implicated her in planning the Jan. 6 assault on her figure-skating rival, Nancy Kerrigan.
Say hello to the bizarre new world of baseball.
Barbara Corcoran, a real-estate broker, offers the usual services plus two galleries where customers can look at videos of properties while sitting on plush sofas.
Mr. Taub made much of the contrast between the Sinfonia and the dance movements that followed: the Sinfonia was painted in big strokes, a mixture of grandeur and plainness, and Mr. Taub's more delicate rendering of the Allemande seemed almost to emerge from within it.
Beatings like this will have the President and his advisers focused on what the American people really want."
1913: WESTWARD, HO Morgan dies in 1913, the same year the Gainsborough returns to America and becomes the property of Morgan's heirs.
"You have to be careful with chicken so it doesn't get too blackened on the outside before it is cooked through in the middle," he said.
This compared with 4,720 points after the first day, when he set the world record of 8,891 points two years ago at this meet.
Just before leaving, I get a fashion tip from one of the regulars, which perhaps I should pass on.
Mr. Weprin also held the post before he was named Speaker three years ago.
Its shares fell $5.75, to $26.25, in Nasdaq trading.
WITOLD RYBCZYNSKI Professor of Urbanism, Graduate School of Fine Arts University of Pennsylvania Philadelphia
Rates: $70 to $90 a room (includes breakfast and Mount Van Hoevenberg trail fee).
Walk down 13th Street in Gulfport and count 10 empty storefronts.
Prime Minister Mokdad Sifi of Algeria made no mention of such negotiations in a condolence message to his Italian counterpart today in which he promised to "work ceaselessly to eradicate terrorism."
A narrative written by Robert Kornfeld retells the legend of St. Nicholas, who brought candy to fill the wooden shoes of the good children of New Amsterdam and lumps of coal for the naughty ones.
"What do I always say?"
And he assures the sometimes discouraged Chris, "You look at things in a way I could never think of."
The calendar listing the shows of 20 members of the Chambre Syndicale, the quasi-governmental body that organizes the shows, included five nonmember designers as a service to the viewers.
The autopsy, which found the baby was stillborn, did not establish a precise time of death, and Ms. Borakove refused to discuss whether a delay in bringing Ms. Ortega to the hospital contributed to the death.
A successful vote of no confidence would force the Cabinet to resign or new elections to be held.
"He's carrying the burden of three championships on his shoulders," said Pat Riley.
Terrified, she slammed the door shut and called for her husband to get his gun.
NEW YORKDallas Green didn't like Jeff Torborg's spring program so he gets his chance.
In the past, he has spoken of his own life and the lives detailed in his raps with stark resignation.
My daughter, her sneakered feet dangling a foot above the floor, turns to me and says, "I want a backpack."
I made many American friends, compared cultures with them, and I had a wonderful stay."
Then it tried to seek loans from people who did business with it.
"This is not a good day to be a bull in the commodity markets," said Jeff Wilson, editor of the Brock Report, a farm marketing newsletter.
My first time out, I skated against the line of march, clutching onto blue police barricades, police officers and Learning Annex boxes (they are not, novices beware, bolted to the ground, only chained to posts).
Its pieces mesh like fragments in a finely cut jigsaw puzzle that is different shades of the same color.
Lawyers for the victim contended that the city was liable because it failed to keep the pool open and fully attended throughout the night.
Taking note of this trend is certainly not intended to imply it is limited to those who create advertising.
That is because spending for big infrastructure projects like roads, railway improvement and telecommunications, which generate jobs and improve consumer spending, hinges on the Government's ability to set spending priorities.
David N. McCammon, vice president for finance and treasurer of Ford, confirmed that the company was in preliminary negotiations with the Japanese lender.
The authors, Dr. David M. Hillis and Dr. John P. Huelsenbeck of the University of Texas in Austin, independently analyzed additional sequences from other infected individuals in southern Florida and the older ones that the centers and Dr. DeBry's team had sequenced and analyzed for earlier reports.
It was almost 6 P.M. She had carried Candelario for five hours as she walked from her remote village.
He's not cut from a formula of studio heads.
It will be Arkansas's first appearance in the title game.
In April, Codera began buying wine produced by the Vintage Group, replacing six bottling operations it had contracted with in previous years.
"The doctors may be all over, but this is where the pharmaceutical companies are," said Mr. Konsker, who brokered the deal.
The escape was discovered around 9:30 P.M.
Israeli troops occupy all but a tiny portion of the West Bank, and for the Palestinians, the rigors of military occupation have not eased.
Overseeing Mr. Pataki's fund-raising campaign is Charles A. Gargano, a real estate developer from Long Island who has been a major fund-raiser for Mr. D'Amato and the state Republican Party.
With backing from the Intel Corporation, Next has produced a version of its software that runs on Intel-compatible personal computers.
The bride is a granddaughter of the late Rabbi Jacob P. Rudin, who was a president of the Central Conference of American Rabbis.
Although not its capital, Auckland is the largest city in New Zealand; its population, nudging one million, accounts for nearly one-quarter of the people in the country.
"But Chechnya is a criminal republic.
The only thing that would be essential is that the couple -- or the triad or the quintet -- agree freely.
"Even though I'm having a bad shooting game," he said, "I'm going to keep shooting."
The situation was remarkably fluid.
The firm was emphatically unpolished and wore its Irish-Jewish ethnicity like a badge.
And would more stores would drive out manufacturing jobs?
His father is the president of Strategic Quality Management, a management consultancy in Rochester.
Born to an Irish Catholic family, he says he has no great use for religion.
Hispanic residents, 30 percent of the population, provide 65 percent of the students.
Productions are limited to the ground-floor to ease accessibility; the audience's moves are kept to the natural breaks between acts.
Time saving is probably the biggest factor."
'Starting With Ourselves' Abdi Soltani, a Stanford University junior, said: "We're not telling other people how to live their lives.
"He's got the best blue eyes I've seen since Paul Newman," says the producer Mace Neufeld.
After the announcement, Mrs. O'Leary had the newly disclosed information delivered to the Russian Embassy in Washington.
The plan mentions the word abortion only in a discussion of the public health problem of deaths from "unsafe abortions," but it does not explicitly rule out offering abortions.
Before the war, he had dreamed of becoming a classical pianist.
He began his recital with a brilliant stroke, using an evocative Aria by Domenico Zipoli to lead right into Liszt's B-minor Sonata, so that the surprised audience's focus on Liszt's initial spare repeated notes and unfolding motif matched the pianist's own.
"I hold a 3.7 here," said Joe Marney, who plans to transfer to Kean College as a senior next year.
"Maybe she can bring a check."
Tyrell King harangued Mr. Grunberg, saying: "You're getting rich and you don't pay enough.
As part of her sentence, she agreed to return the $129,026 she admitted stealing.
As a Prix de Rome winner, Mr. Greene had firsthand experience of the post-war gloom in Europe, not to mention the writings of the Existentialists.
The International Amateur Athletic Federation announced yesterday that Modahl's second drug test was positive with a testosterone ratio of 42 to 1.
"What's going on is that Congress has passed significant employment laws like the Civil Rights Act and the Americans with Disabilities Act, and companies are basically opting out of the law."
His return to active play remains up in the air and there may be an effort made to effect a redshirt season for him, extending his varsity eligibility.
There's so much pressure that my big toe is taking a lot of pressure off that second toe.
Mr. Nelson, for one, said that by his worst-case calculation, the agency's formula would quadruple his payments and leave him and his second wife, Shirley, with only about $60 a week on which to live, after housing expenses, out of his annual salary of $22,000 a year.
But he's got to understand that baseball has got to be it now for this season."
The latest nine months included a gain of $ 8,197,000 from the sale of two television stations and a charge of $ 2,592,000 from the sale of property.
He composed "Semele" while recovering from a paralytic disorder and completed "Jephtha" despite the onset of blindness.
That authority was also conveyed on Saturday by the presence at the retreat of Ira C. Magaziner, the chief health adviser at the White House, and Judy Feder, a deputy assistant secretary of health and human services.
In November he was nominated by Mr. Wilson to serve out the last year of a four-year term as the Superintendent of Public Instruction.
Weeks This Last On Week Week List Nonfiction 1 1 67 EMBRACED BY THE LIGHT, by Betty J. Eadie with Curtis Taylor.
; his mother, Florence, and a brother, Walter, both of Alexandria, Va.; a sister, Grace Hagen, of West Islip, L.I., and six grandchildren.
Was Mr. Woodruff killed because he had stumbled onto intelligence about Mr. Ames, who came to Georgia on assignment in July, perhaps because Mr. Ames had met with Russian contacts while he was here?
Leighton will own 5 percent and the rest will be held by the public.
On Thursday, after three days of a civil disturbance organized to support a jailed opposition leader, someone threw a grenade into the bazaar.
Both periods also included extraordinary charge of $ 3,322,000, or 17 cents a share, for refinancing of debt.c-Net lossd-Included investment gains of $ 337,000 for the quarter and $ 3,670,000 for the year.
Larceny for the first eight months of 1993, 11,623, compared with 13,194 for the same period in 1992.
China's rate is now below replacement level; India's is expected to reach it between 2015 and 2020.
In the context of Pentagon spending, a cut of $1.4 billion represents little more than 0.5 percent of overall annual military spending.
And now, it looks like each will have ended up running the show.
We want to keep the levels of violence down, and one of the ways we found effective is to increase the adult presence in the schools.
"Maybe Calvin Klein's a funder," he said.
"We can't get involved in civil disobedience," Mr. Meirowitz said, "because we're lawyers.
(Which sounds grander than it is.
Dodge did all this remains unanswered.
Inventories on the London Metals Exchange have dropped 45 percent so far in 1994.
In a world as complex as ours, and as interconnected, even the strongest individual necessarily relies on all kinds of government actions.
This Christmas Eve, more than a few inner-city parishes will hold Midnight Mass early in the evening so that parishioners can get home safely.
NEC will sell its super-fast machine for more than $100 million, virtually guaranteeing it will never have to build one.
Although WTA Tour officials suggested, in the interest of lessening the limelight, that Venus make an afternoon debut, it seems that both her father and the International Management Group, the agency that not only owns the tournament but is also energetically pursuing her as a client, prefer she plays an evening feature match.
Choir of Boys and Men and the New York Kammermusiker; Donald George, organist and choirmaster.
A wave of pained impatience rushed across his face.
b-Included an unusual pretax charge of $ 5.7 million ($ 3.2 million, or 49 cents a share, after tax) for an inventory markdown reserve as a result of higher than expected inventory levels, in the quarter and 9 months.c-Net income(Loss)Sales are net sales.
Mr. Wang, Mr. Zhai and Mr. Ma were detained during the March visit to Beijing by Secretary of State Warren Christopher.
And synagogues have hired gentiles to handle functions forbidden to Jews on the Sabbath.
b-Included a gain of $ 4,085,000, or 21 cents a share, which reflects cumulative effect of adoption of SFAS 109, ''Accounting for Income Taxes.''
They said he had run out of new ideas and innovative fire.
Then two or three decades pass, an aging quarterback makes a Super Bowl appearance, and suddenly you've picked up the same obnoxious habit.
Interneuron Pharmaceuticals Inc. of Lexington, Mass., has applied to the Food and Drug Administration for approval to market dexfenfluramine in the United States.
"Nobody believed a theater in Queens wouldsurvive," she said, "but we have."
If North supporters have any concerns about their candidate -- and many will admit to none -- they reflect the impact his nomination could have on state party unity and the degree to which he could operate effectively in Congress.
Still, she was nervous about going for an M.B.A. "When I came to business school," said Ms. Whalen, "I thought I'd be ostracized for not being a money-grubber."
But here in my neighorhood, we are all still haunted by that terrible accident on 20th Street five years ago.
In the Roseau area, shots of 200 to 300 yards are not unusual.
SoHo has not always been a choice destination.
Perhaps the most dramatic measure of the Palestinians' first week of self-rule in Gaza has been the sudden normalcy in people's lives: barbecuing at the beach, leaving home without I.D.
Ms. Koslowitz said yesterday that she expected the administration to develop a plan on illegal vending by the time her committee holds hearings on the issue in November.
The biggest threat facing the museum, however, is irrelevance.
His latest endeavor is the Gruntal Financial Center in Hewlett, which is to be completed this year.
Some people change because they read about it in the magazines, Nina says, but for her, it's just a feeling that comes from the tumultuous void.
But I think there is a genuine fear of going back."
He had been on the move since early July, stopping and camping along the way at various refugee sites, and had become separated from his wife and two children.
"It increases the danger of a less peaceful, less satisfactory transition to a post-Castro Government."
The constitutional guarantee of equal protection is also at issue in a second case the Court accepted today, a challenge by a Colorado construction company to a Federal law that takes race into account in awarding Federal contracts.
Greyhound lost $61.4 million in the first half of this year.
On an ordinary afternoon, Le Colonial looks like a lazy tropical restaurant and sounds like the Champs-Elysees.
The church is in the Zuk Mikael suburb, eight miles north of Beirut.
The Americans made 76 percent of their shots, including 7 for 7 off the bench by Dominique Wilkins and 5 for 6 by Joe Dumars.
"This is a military force fighting a defensive war with all its heart, scraping together whatever weapons they can," said a United Nations official, who asked to remain unidentified.
She graduated from Georgetown University and received a law degree from the University of Texas at Austin.
In the furor that followed, it was disclosed that the Defense Secretary at the time, Les Aspin, had denied a request from commanders in Somalia for additional armored equipment that might have saved lives by reducing the time that the lightly armed and outnumbered helicopter crews had to be on their own.
Toward the end, Geoffrey F. Bowers came to define himself by his work as a lawyer.
"Maybe there's a cloud over us," mused point guard Kenny Anderson, whose mental miscue helped contribute to the loss, the Nets' fourth this season in the final seconds of a game.
'We Will Not Cringe' "We will not cringe," he said.
William Smallwood, a wealthy planter who had frequently been elected to Maryland's colonial assembly, served with distinction as a general in the army.
He previously held a similar post at Frontiers Newsmagazine, Los Angeles.
Will Congress decide, for instance, to spend housing money to build more public housing or to help the homeless?
"I'm sorry," the woman says, "but at this point in my life I'm actually more interested in a talking frog."
That possibility was undoubtedly on the mind of Mr.
"The situation in my last ministerial post was not as much fun as I wanted it to be," Mr. Gittings said.
The plane shivered and taxied back to the hangar twice before takeoff.
"What these two surpluses in a row tell us is that we have brought the ship through those rough waters," said Gov.
People at tables and red banquettes talked and laughed.
So employees at large and small businesses alike found themselves cleaning up, just like what they had been doing at home over the last 48 hours.
This legislative legerdemain is called earmarking, a word derived from the old herdsman's practice of cutting a notch in the ears of swine or cattle as a mark of ownership.
"The cancel facility was not intended to be used this way, and it could easily be abused by people who want to set themselves up as censors," Mr. Newman said.
But the fundamental issue here is not one of White House tactics but of clear-cut journalistic principle.
After checking in at the trucking yard Friday morning, they rolled down the streets of Denver and its suburbs -- Santa Fe, Sixth Avenue, Bryant Street, Interstate 25 -- loading and unloading, filling out forms, calling the dispatcher.
Audited results for the quarter and the year are expected to be released on Tuesday.
To the disbelief of many of Ms. Brookner's colleagues, the agency's inspector general and top managers believed her deputy, and that ended her climb through the C.I.A.
In November, the company said it would become a 40 percent owner of a new cable programming venture, the Popcorn Channel, which would provide previews and information about films.
Jean Zimmerman: Breaking the barrier.
The investigation could result in the site's being assigned to the state's "Superfund" toxic-waste cleanup list and thus further threaten efforts to build a $450 million garbage incinerator at the Navy Yard.
As a result, she said, Mr. Baz suffered a "catastrophic" type of the syndrome.
Risotto With Asparagus And Morels Total time: 30 minutes 2 ounces dried morels, soaked for 30 minutes in warm water 6 ounces fresh morels 2 shallots, minced 3 tablespoons unsalted butter About 5 cups hot chicken stock 1 tablespoon olive oil 1 1/2 cups Arborio rice Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper to taste 1/2 cup dry white wine 8 asparagus spears, sliced on the bias into one-inch pieces 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese 1 tablespoon parsley, chopped.
He said keep doing what you're doing.
"And that is what the youth are watching for, the issue our forefathers struggled for in the three centuries since the land was first taken from us."
Banesto shareholders voted last weekend to approve a bailout plan that includes the $1.3 billion capital increase, to be backed by the Government's Deposit Guaranty Fund.
MAN ACCUSED OF PLOT TO KILL SON-IN-LAW Rohee Sibadan sent one of his daughters to St. John's University in the hope that she would become a physician.
"Listen," the man said, "I'm going to tell you the truth.
Plus, of course, it's got a great name.
"These were key people involved in every component of the Soviet bureaucracy," including senior intelligence officials and a top nuclear weapons expert, the official said.
We still use some of the terms of that era, such as a "litter" of pups, a "host" of angels, a "school" of fish and a "flock" of sheep.
With both his "Last Yankee" and "Ride Down Mount Morgan" having had their world premieres in London, and the National itself having already revived "The Crucible," "The American Clock" and "After the Fall" in the 1990's, it has certainly seemed so.
The decision to stick with ballet was his own, Mr. Stiefel says, and the fact that it was not imposed by Mr. Sutherland or his family is a point he goes out of his way to make.
Senior economic officials from the Dominican Republic and its international bank creditors signed a $1.1 billion debt deal today, completing years of negotiations and returning the Caribbean country to the international capital markets.
"The stress is a sign that we need new blood."
The papers freely bash Lenin, Boris N. Yeltsin and anyone else.
The book ranks 79 breeds by instinctive intelligence, how easily a dog adapts to its environment, and obedience potential.
"Conditions have been great -- probably the best in our 20-year history," said Scott Brown, the recreation supervisor at the Winding Trails Ski Touring Center in Farmington, which has 12 and a half miles of cross-country trails.
Now, scientists at the Harvard School of Public Health in Boston believe they have identified the mechanism by which it damages arteries.
In the long run, the Government would save money by avoiding the enormous costs of emergency relief.
After the 1985 Super Bowl, a soft drink company made a commercial featuring the two quarterbacks.
"We were spending enthusiastically in the weeks before the Tony Awards, but our advertising during the show wasn't unusual.
Torre and Boone were the exceptions.
Both depict nightmare-haunted protagonists whose tenuous holds on reality lead to automatonlike behavior in one case and an eerie twist in marital relations in another.
The untreatable form of enterococcus has also spread quickly.
"This is their craziest time of year, yet these designs are even showier and more complicated than the ones they did last year."
Three Straight Appearances Things changed for Doug Lidster because Aleksandr Karpovtsev was not playing well, Jeff Beukeboom was given a one-game suspension in the Devils' series and, most important, because Lidster seized his opportunity and made the most of it.
Crack could buy them sex from women and respect from men.
EXTRA POINTS On the final play of practice, DWAYNE WHITE, the right guard, sank to his knees and then stretched on all fours.
"I'd like to think the C.N.O.
Dartmouth improved to 4-4 over all and 2-3 in Ivy play.
closed at $62.375, up $6.50 for the day.
A few dozen prisoners started the strike on Monday, and were joined by 300 to 400 prisoners today.
It requires that all teen-age mothers under the age of 20 and on welfare attend school or have $62 a month deducted from their welfare payments.
Cafe Beulah, 39 East 19th Street, (212) 777-9700.
The user then tells the copier whether to begin copying on the right-hand or left-hand page and how many pages to copy.
Can that be ergonomically sound?
(The bill is on the House floor.)
Baggio, Italy's star striker and newly appointed savior, strained his right hamstring during Wednesday's semifinal victory over Bulgaria and could only train lightly on Saturday.
Salomon Brothers is recommending three sectors.
"I think that probably this set of cuts from the city has made it all but impossible to avoid cuts to the classroom," said John Beckman, the Chancellor's spokesman.
In general, Mr. Gibbons's proposal would allow lawmakers to say they had produced universal health insurance coverage without an increase in broad-based taxes.
But 87-year-old Arthur Sachs of Miami cheerfully went ahead with his plan to take a cruise this summer from St. Petersburg to Moscow.
Too many parental pointers, like telling your child what clothes to wear for work or a job interview, can backfire and leave your child feeling resentful and inadequate.
"We took care of things early, like we should have in this game," O'Neal said.
A demeaning travel ban to Cuba.
Houston held Portland to 6 points in the first 10 minutes 39 seconds of the fourth quarter, turning an 87-77 deficit into a 100-93 lead.
Like the Mayor, Mr. Vallone has long advocated cutting taxes, helping business and, above all, expanding the Police Department.
b-After losses from discontinued operations of $ 10,186,000, or $ 1.06 a share, in the quarter and $ 11,343,000, or $ 1.19 a share, in the 9 months, reflecting the discontinuance of consumer products unit.
Aides say she hopes to name an independent prosecutor quickly to take over the inquiry into the President's Arkansas land dealings.
SOME investors say that things are no more difficult in Vietnam today than they were in China in the early 1980's, as Beijing began to open its markets to the world.
"Bill came down here, and he really was incredibly convincing."
If it is an employer, graduates must be full-time employees, and their starting date must be within a year of graduation.
On Tuesday, Speaker Thomas S. Foley said he could settle for a bill providing progress on insurance-law changes -- something, as he said, "that can pass and make significant, if initial, steps toward the goals of coverage, avoidance of cost-shifting, maintenance of all quality, all those things."
processing centers than had in the previous tax year.
The Whitman Administration today asked the New Jersey Supreme Court to give the Governor a chance to solve the problems that have created financial and academic gaps between rich and poor districts.
Executives had been concerned that a long gap in production would interfere with their schedules for the February sweep -- a period when networks avoid reruns of any kind.
The British glass company Pilkington P.L.C.
The Council is scheduled to vote on June 7 on an ordinance saying that the owners of defaced buildings have 21 days to clean them up before being issued summonses and then fines from $100 to $1,000.
Contributions to the fund are deductible on Federal, state and city income taxes to the extent permitted by law.
But don't talk to him about guns.
Her team, which includes a Federal judge, Amalya L. Kearse, and Jacqui Mitchell, both of Manhattan, had bad results in the first 16 deals.
A History of Elderly Prey The authorities said Mr. Jerome had a criminal record dating to his youth.
By the time the steel gate opened at dawn, the line of Zairians stretched around the corner and down a street.
But players have given no sign they are about to touch a single feather on the free-agency goose they (perhaps mistakenly) believe has been laying all those golden eggs.
At some point this season, Brown will be on his own when the running game breaks down.
There are at least a dozen species of petunias, all tender perennials, from Mexico and South America.
Unlike the drama of a sudden stock market collapse, this year's bond market plunge has been a slow, seemingly inexorable decline.
Eventually, Mr. Mulay followed his wife's footsteps with a buyout from AT&T and went to work with her full time.
"Emmitt does a great job of exploding through the holes," said Tim McDonald, a San Francisco safety.
Men in film used to cross-dress out of sheer expedience.
"I also believe many schools are set up primarily to take advantage of Federal dollars and not to educate students."
LIVING IN THE SHADOW OF DEATH: Tuberculosis and the Social Experience of Illness in American History.
"But what else do you think about when you're a parent?"
What Mr. Katz is receiving via computer is self-centered emotional indulgence, the "horde of scribblers" Hawthorne wrote about.
I am not talking about Mr. Quayle's spelling, though he can't stop talking about it in "Standing Firm," even to the point of playing gotcha with critics like the columnist Ellen Goodman, whom he accuses of once dropping the "e" from "gaffe."
It is three inches thick.
We might say: 'We liked it very much, but you have to see it for yourself.'
It would also change symbols -- turning the lurid stereotypes of urban decay into signs of life.
Both Mr. Garth and I spoke to your columnist Sam Roberts, to whom I suggested, in answering a question, that the Cuomo campaign's scheduling of Mayor Giuliani's one-day trip upstate may have backfired.
"We don't feel that we have to do something different and spectacular," Mr. Thompson continued.
Japan and Europe have carefully guarded against the inflow of the products of this low-cost, labor-based sector, whether it has been based mainly in Taiwan and Hong Kong or, as now, in China.
The tiny, almost imperceptible flaw that crept into his swing changed one of the finest, purest ball strikers in golf into a confused and uncertain man who often had no idea where the ball was going when he stepped up to hit a shot.
And he was chairman of the governors of his old school, Rugby, in the mid-1970's, when it became coeducational after four centuries of admitting only boys.
The film ends with a note that one neighborhood woman who figured prominently in both Mr. Olmos's film and this documentary was murdered by members of her own former gang.
Although the Jets wound up losing, for Mr. Hubbard and the lung association, which grossed more than $65,000 on the routine, the day in the Meadowlands was a triumph that would long be remembered.
"The Cooper proposal to put a cap on deductions would cost us an enormous amount of money, and it would cost an enormous amount for any company with a good health insurance plan," said James D. Johnston, a G.M.
Most dishes on the eclectic Southampton menu are available in Manhattan.
"Our public opinion research shows us that as long as these groups can talk about these things in vague terms, it works, but get them talking on specifics and the public moves away."
A strike that began over wages two and a half years ago has turned into a challenge of the right of employers to hire permanent replacement workers.
"It's a wish list of where we want to be in 25 years," Mr. Podgorski said.
Of course the quarterback was let go by Coach Dan Reeves, one in a series of his decisions that at the time was controversial but has turned out in the Giants' favor.
They have to do this for themselves."
Mr. Colosio's slaying in the northern city of Tijuana, on the same border where he grew up in a small, dusty farm town, took place almost as far as it could have in Mexico from the peasant uprising that exploded with the New Year in the southern state of Chiapas.
And six hours later, at the next hotel, the fragile edifice is dismantled again.
I just hope it doesn't go to our newly elected leaders' heads.
Even when low-wage jobs are available, Ms. Margolin said, educated and skilled immigrants are sometimes reluctant to take them.
Angels 6, Red Sox 4 Mark Langston outpitched Roger Clemens for the first time in his career and Chad Curtis drove in three runs as host California defeated Boston.
Pastas -- available in half-orders -- include seafood ravioli in a shrimp and tomato sauce; farfalle tossed with broccoli, fresh ricotta and fresh tomato, and black tagliolini with smoked salmon in a creamy tomato sauce.
Many counselors advise doing anything anything possible to survive, and trusting one's own judgment.
Of the roughly $1.5 trillion in the Federal budget, about $1 trillion is mandatory spending, most of it for Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid and Government pensions.
Fined by New York State The Solomons previously owned Qualified Executive Training, an employment agency that promised but never delivered jobs to people who went through its vocational-training course, said Jeff Maclin, a spokesman for the New York State Attorney General, G. Oliver Koppell.
"I asked the band to follow me.
Survivors Recall At an audience earlier in the day, Jack Eisner, a survivor of the 1943 Warsaw Ghetto uprising who lives in New York, told the Pope: "My Grandma Hannah had 11 grandchildren.
A "behavioral treatment unit" is being designed to teach the most volatile patients how they can deal with stress, frustration and anger in nonviolent ways.
Rivals are expecting the worst.
Tucker, everyone's friend, pointed that out.
The biggest upsets of the day were significant and they happened in tandem, with two of the most stellar talents in their sport undone by underdogs inside the uneasy confines of Court 1.
"We had support from 15 volunteer fire departments," Mr. Collins said.
A new brown body of a man rises over them, dressed in jeans and a T-shirt, and plunges down with its arms flinging wide as it goes.
teams are affiliated with N.H.L.
There's a general sharing of information about 'How can we close the clinics down.'
THE ROMAN Catholic Church abandoned its centuries-long commitment to Gregorian chant with the Second Vatican Council in the 1960's, and many American parishes put their faith in a watery folk-pop idiom to stanch the flow of young worshipers.
An Israeli monitoring group called Peace Watch recorded 65 Israeli deaths from such attacks in the last 12 months, compared with 49 in the previous year.
Critics and sponsors said audiences who filled a screening hall over the weekend reacted with a mixture of enthusiasm and bewilderment to their first glimpse of the scratchy, sometimes grainy black-and-white film, which Welles began in 1954.
The film is best at defining the characters and depicting how gingerly they dance around the deep problems they are creating.
This menu is a dictionary of third-world ingredients: fufu (mashed plantain), malanga (also called yautia, a root like taro), bacalao (dried codfish), conch, yuca (another root) and plantains are sprinkled liberally about the menu.
inquiry into the possible misuse of secret Fed interest-rate information.
I also feel that I'm playing for the greatest coach in the league.
Mr. Kaddah is held in $2 million bond on charges of felony murder, first-degree sexual assault and criminal attempt to commit murder.
She graduated from Smith College.
She says she feels stupid; he tells her he once felt so insecure he judged his normalcy against a story that rich people have sex less frequently than poor people, but take off more of their clothes.
Traders said the combination of the data released was neutral for the market.
Councilman Hal Bernson, who represents the Northridge area, said today that hundreds of buildings in the area might be unsafe and that he planned to call for new ordinances.
Their interviews were liberally intercut with scenes of Nixon being interviewed by David Frost.
Stocks retreated from their highs and the yield on the 30-year bond ended at 7.56 percent, down from 7.60 percent on Wednesday.
SOUTHERN EXPOSURE SEED EXCHANGEemphasizes heirloom varieties adapted to the mid-Atlantic region.
With Travis Ford, a 39-percent 3-point shooter, missing the four he took today on a 2-for-11 shooting day, the sophomore Tony Delk became an essential part of Kentucky's stretch run.
The People's Daily editorial today also suggested that false economic statistics were hurting the Communist Party's image as it confronted such problems as eroding control over local governments and the threat of widespread labor unrest.
13* 15 THE TE OF PIGLET, by Benjamin Hoff.
The woman's bedroom had also been ransacked the day of her murder, but the boy "denies robbery was a motive," William P. Davis, a police department spokesman, said today.
But the gap between the Ducks and the Florida schools may have closed slightly this past weekend.
"There has been a notable rotation away from stocks whose earnings are economically sensitive."
He named it for his father, a member of the post-Civil War Klan.
You can be a coach in this league if you can treat a person like a person.
There's a novel-in-the-works in a drawer in Ms. Webb's apartment, a living space that she's transforming from a standard floor-through to a duplex with a glass roof.
The four commercial towers will be flanked on the north and south by residential neighborhoods.
Golden West, a savings and loan holding company based in Oakland, Calif., offered to buy California Federal, formerly known as CalFed, in December.
And he was a friend to many musicians.
A cocktail buffet will follow at Le Max Restaurant, 147 West 43d Street.
: Third Annual Beer-Tasting Party All men and women are invited to join us for this fun-filled event in the synagogue's Garden for Meditation.
I'm hopeful about Betaseron, but we don't really know if, in two years of four years, it will look as good."
The company is a unit of Valhi Inc.
Serve in goblets decorated with mint sprigs.
More imprecations from the fans.
BRUCE S. FOWLE The writer is a principal in the Manhattan firm of Fox & Fowle Architects.
A: I already had the fame and glory.
Some for Abortion Though the trend has changed somewhat in recent years, in most cases teen-age motherhood tends to be less tolerated in affluent communities where youths are expected to complete college and concentrate or a career.
From Vladivostok, the eastern gateway to Russia, Mr. Solzhenitsyn intends to travel slowly across the vast expanse of the country on the Trans-Siberia Railway, 5,778 miles and seven time zones to Moscow.
It was only after Ms.
Bill T. Jones, H.I.V.-positive son of migrant fieldworkers, has been required to do both.
It then veers off into loopy fantasy for a while.
team to win 11 games this season.
The program is for Macintoshes from the Plus up, with hard drives, two megabytes of RAM and System 6.05 or later.
But the closing is being more widely mourned by those in the theater community, who say McGraw's was one of the mainstays in the fragile cabaret business, keeping alive the tradition of intimate dinner theater that flourished in the 1940's and 50's.
Public and private school activities.
"When they said she needed to have the whip man, I said that's not right, because I am not a traditional person," the mother said in an interview this week.
Nonetheless, the premise was novel.
Boats blackened by oil lie abandoned on the shore.
His defenders say the attacks are from younger liberals in the White House who view with disdain his position as a member of the Washington political/media establishment.
"In that sense, yeah, I think the illusions about it are impossible."
Your main message, that "a swift transition from a mostly French to an all-African operation in Rwanda seems the safest and wisest course," runs contrary to the lessons we in Liberia have learned from our four years of conflict.
Violets, Violets, Violets Horticultural Society of New York, 128 West 58th Street; (212) 757-0915.
In Washington today, The Associated Press reported that Senator Dole said he wanted to shift the debate's focus away from the refusal of Republicans and some Democrats in Congress to use the word crisis when describing the health care system.
A5 An agreement to stop sniper fire in Sarajevo.
A few weeks more, and you'd learn how to live."
Beverley, 47, had been with the Kings since retiring as a player in 1980 and had held a variety of jobs in the organization.
The Yankee Group estimates that the market for Ethernet switches will grow from $100 million this year to about $1 billion in 1997.
The bride graduated from the University of Michigan and received a master's degree in social work from New York University.
Since last November, Mr. Christopher has removed Clifton R. Wharton Jr. as his deputy, Samuel Lewis as his director of policy planning and Lawrence Pezzullo as his special envoy to Haiti.
The NATO decision does include an authority to suppress air defenses as appropriate."
The afternoon will end with alfresco feasting on chicken, ribs, country breads, fruits and pastries.
Mr. Ozawa's record as the hidden American agent is being exposed, increasing Japanese public anger at the United States.
"I'm the one who should be doing that -- I could use some funding," Ms. Saubel said, as a waiter placed an espresso cup before her.
Without David, we have no scorer but Dale.
You have seen rare seared tuna before, but Mr. Troisgros makes it his own by serving the fish on sheer pads of daikon so soaked with soy and ginger that the flavor becomes forward and aggressive.
No one in the historic 1913 Armory Show was better represented or sold more works out of it.
Just when you thought, after the strange case of Bobby Ray Inman, that credibility could be stretched no further on this subject, here is Mr. North, one more Washington insider and wheeler-dealer turned outsider denouncing Washington insiders and wheeler-dealers, one more expert leaker with the Washington press corps who speaks with distant disdain of "political tea leaf readers and armchair quarterbacks in the press."
There were concerns that the Quattro sale would limit the company's prospects.
Just as the menu is hybrid, so is the show.
It's a network from the top models to the top actors that moves from city to city."
"I believe there is a great psychic shadow over Africa, and it has much to do with our guilt and denial of our role in the slave trade," said Kofi Awoonor, a Ghanaian writer and former delegate to the United Nations who led a discussion on slavery at the festival.
(307-4100) "A FIELD IN HEAT" Ricky Spears, a columnist for Paper, the downtown magazine and coolness barometer, forsakes the East Village for the 1950's and the Dust Bowl in his playwriting debut.
As Ms. Bouvier walks toward the front of the stage, Mr. Obadia throws chalk powder at her.
The 8 1/2-by-11-inch sign said: "For Peace in the Gulf."
"We recently announced the 1992 Lake at $200.
Service is friendly, professional and mostly feminine.
So far, the market has been driven upward by foreign investors, who view the Japanese market as one where bargains can still be found.
A FEW minutes' walk from Warsaw's Old Town, and next door to the President's palace, the Cafe Bristol is a handy and inviting place to warm up after some fall or winter sightseeing.
The two sides are looking for a solution before a court fight Thursday.
He sometimes has trouble projecting his tone, and the second half of one of his recitals may not sustain the energy or focus of the first.
The styling of the show completely upstaged whatever fashion was here, from big glittery jewels to Day-Glo orange bras and panties, to striped tights and fuzzy caps that indicated an unwelcome and premature revival of grunge.
A game in which one team has a couple-of-hundred-run lead can be looked on as a real nail-biter.
Autumn amaryllis is one of several common names for Lycoris squamigera, whose aromatic, spidery-looking lilac-pink flowers brighten the early autumn garden.
LOMO, a defense and optical company, used American consultants and European banks' money to restructure and successfully sell its shares.
Anthony Barlanti, a police spokesman.
A Republican Pocket In an overwhelmingly Democratic city, it is one of the few pockets where Republicans are frequently elected to legislative office.
The oldest brother, Jorge Luis, regularly landed on Forbes's list of world billionaires.
"Get off me," he said.
Mr. Cortines was appointed last year by the seven-member Board of Education, which in turn is appointed by the five Borough Presidents and the Mayor, who names two members.
Ms. Sloan's matching of artistic means with ends is not shared by all her colleagues here, but "Artist in the Marketplace," which was organized by Marysol Nieves, Lydia Yee and Jackie Battenfield, is less notable for its outstanding individual voices than for the wide range of its sources.
And I realize I am totally naked."
The point allowed the Penguins to move into first place ahead of the Montreal Canadiens in the Northeast Conference.
's failures by joining with legal briefs, public statements, letters of support and backing of tree-protection legislation.
Faced with a year-end budget deficit, the South Street Seaport Museum has laid off eight staff members, closed its boat-building and metalworking shops, and eliminated its public-relations department.
But Hasty and the Jets survived, defeating the Broncos, 25-22, to raise their record to 2-0, and Coach Pete Carroll is confident Hasty will bounce back against the Dolphins at Joe Robbie Stadium.
I'm a foreigner, and I grew up looking at the United States as simply a leader.
Only Cahors wines continued to appear erratically in world markets.
The show went on that evening after all moviegoers, in accordance with Mr. Mohammed's rules, were thoroughly searched for weapons.
and Compaq, and from strategic missteps.
For example, the Silversteins limit Jesse's involvement in organized sports "because it teaches violence and misogyny," Dr. Silverstein said.
Despite the simple construction and low cost of these cameras, they can produce pictures of surprising quality.
I mean, there are a lot of young, good shortstops around, like Royce Clayton and others.
The Clinton Administration promised Jordan $700 million in debt relief as a reward for King Hussein's decision to meet Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin of Israel at the White House this week and sign a pact formally ending a 46-year state of war.
Operagoer: He has good taste.
TWO ADDITIONS TO CITY'S MENU A second stage of the San Francisco restaurant boom continues to gain momentum, and two relatively new places visited recently -- one American, one French -- are worth seeking out.
Peter Reuter, a drug expert who teaches public affairs and criminology at the University of Maryland, said the Administration might be expanding in these areas "as much as they responsibly can in one year."
Mr. Castro has said the migration is primarily the result of the United States embargo that he calls a "criminal economic blockade against our country."
Once Mr. Fuhrman had climbed over the fence and opened the gate, Mr. Vannatter said, the two detectives roused two sleepy residents, Arnelle Simpson, Mr. Simpson's daughter by his first marriage, and Brian Kaelin, a friend of Mr. Simpson, in rooms in an out-building on the property.
And a reduction in rookie salaries would gradually lower the pay of everyone in a business in which the average career lasts about five seasons.
Sooner or later, he said, this would have an impact on fares.
Veronica Webb doesn't do gyms.
Jose flew into a rage.
CHRIS MORRIS was activated from the injured list and played.
MUGLER: No one wants to be more feminine than a transsexual.
But however the voting goes, it may not be the most important thing that happens here.
If things looked a bit drab in the prologue, the turning point was Ms. Durante's superbly musical Rose Adagio, embellished with the longest-held balances on one leg in recent memory.
"La Fille du Regiment" takes her a few steps toward her next goal, which is a firmer foothold in the bel canto repertory.
Victoria Lee Stuart, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Alan L. Stuart of Harrison, N.Y., is to be married today to William Ira Richmond, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Irving D. Richmond of Norwalk, Conn.
"You people didn't do anything.
The scheme would destroy the elementary need of insurers to charge healthy customers premiums when they are well to cover their costs when they get sick.
The specials fill a void."
These defections were one reason why Mr. Zhirinovsky decided to impose dictatorial rule over the party.
Bruce Springsteen and Bob Marley boomed from huge speakers mounted on the deck of a houseboat rented by Rob Gerson, a 31-year-old construction company owner, and his nine male friends from Chicago's South Side.
b-Included a gain of $ 4,900,000, or 9 cents a share, which reflects adoption of SFAS 103, and also included is a 3 cents a share charge resulting from 1993 tax legislation during the second quarter.Share earnings and shares outstanding are adjusted for a 200 percent stock dividend distributed on Jan. 13.
In other words, the type of computer and video communications now possible with only special high-capacity copper or fiber optic lines, would be possible without the sender or receiver being anywhere near a telephone network.
His brash style at the University of Miami would simply not work in the N.F.L., his critics said.
The Australian squad, which pulled off the 10-day tournament's biggest upset by beating Canada, 18-17, in the semifinal round Thursday -- and came within two goals of the Americans during a 16-14 loss earlier in the round-robin preliminaries -- could not break through the United States defense in seven penalty-prompted extra-man opportunities.
Over the years, Mr. Blum has dispensed advice to Mr. Loughlin, including the idea to try merlot.
Second and third were Denmark and Poland, who also qualified for Bali.
In part, the book's advice is extreme, but over all Mr. Christensen offers some solid counsel.
And that is his point: that he has had drops before, and Elway came right back to him and Simms should now.
Mr. Clinton added that it was time for the Haitian military leaders to go: "It has run out, and maybe we've let it run on a bit too long.
Through his lawyer, John Nields, Mr. Hubbell declined to comment about his motives or his crime.
In the end, both sides reached an agreement with which they could be satisfied.
He is survived by a daughter, Harriette Johnson of Shelburne Falls, Mass., and two grandchildren.
He was as big a reason for the Giants making the playoffs as any.
They will go above ground, more visible reminders that the city's deeper afflictions need curing.
Like previous albums of Charles Manson songs and Jim Jones sermons, "Voice of Fire" consists of relatively tame subject matter delivered by a controversial cult leader.
Mr. Rockwell fiddled with the 16 dimmer switches until determining at exactly what points each switch should be set for lunch and dinner.
This is the sort of thing most middle-aged people have observed in their lifetimes, but it is good to have an example documented.
A12 MANY MILES, FEW CROWDS The first of five health care caravans financed by supporters of President Clinton's health plan have so far made barely a ripple in the health care debate.
Fee, said it was possible to get a newly constructed house in Edgemont for $550,000.
In fact, the film is a tender story about a young boy and a grown man.
A16 AWARD IN BREAST IMPLANT CASE A Houston jury awarded three women $27.9 million in damages in a lawsuit charging companies with making silicone breast implants that leaked, causing illnesses.
So Mr. Hughes, a 51-year-old Pittsburgh-born actor who looks like Clint Eastwood in his less craggy days, surrendered to the lure of a bowl of pho in the same way he had given himself to Vietnam and the cause of the homeless urchins he sheltered in his Shoeshine Boys hostels in wartime Saigon a quarter century ago.
You have more information on the stallion's side.
Shaka, the brutal militarist of the early 19th century, built the Zulus by forcible amalgamation of many powerless clans and tribes into a war machine that gave nightmares to both the British and the Boers.
Frankfurt this summer hosted a visit for 124 such guests.
The suspect, Joseph Abbatiello, 27, of 360 West 21st Street in Deer Park, in Suffolk County, was charged with three counts of first-degree reckless endangerment and criminal possession of a weapon, an unlicensed gun.
MUSICAL EVENTS Music to set the mood for the holiday season will be available in abundance this week.
"It's sad," said an older woman named Elsie, who did not want to be further identified.
Henry Gonzalez, the Texas Democrat who runs the hearings with an iron gavel, has the facial creases, liver spots and sly down-home courtliness to be the next Sam Ervin, but all resemblances end there.
Some of the day's catch ends up atop Mucuripe hill, a rocky outlook where about a dozen open-air restaurants and bars offer harbor views, ocean breezes and spectacular sunsets.
I was nearby when he told her.
As one student said, "The most difficult material is at the beginning -- and then it gets harder."
The baseball diamond was once an oasis where the game came first and advertising was relegated to signs along the upper decks.
SWEET, cuddly Reggie Miller, the man who John Starks punched in the mouth with his head last year, is coming to town again.
You know, he'd have to do a lot to be his own man."
Mr. Nixon and Mr. Kissinger made a singular team.
"This eliminates one of our options, but there are plenty of others."
For decades after its introduction in the 1960's lithium was the only effective medication for manic-depression.
That he is at once living proof of that makes Palermo all the more a compelling figure to youngsters, many of whom weren't even in the professional ranks when Palermo last umpired in 1991.
It is hard to imagine a more gaping loophole, and few customers would be helped if the S.E.C.
"Not a very good game by us at all.
So much that Nicole Simpson told the cops, according to the 1989 police report, that she'd called them eight times before.
Mr. Borinsky also helped to return a former State Senator, David J. Friedland, from the Maldive Islands in 1987.
In percent *Estimated daily average, source Telerate**Municipal Bond Index, The Bond BuyerSalomon Brothers and Telerate for Treasury's bellwether bonds, notes and bills
Since Beard took the job, he has seemed to be straddling a thin fence, wondering whether he was going too hard or too easy on the players and whether he should acquiesce to demands of his All-Stars.
Michelin said today that it planned to close its 432-worker truck-tire plant in Bois-le-Duc, the Netherlands, by the end of the year.
We strap the baby into the stroller for safe-keeping.
"My only words were that it was an interesting idea."
Mr. Pataki named his former law partner to the position of counsel to the Governor.
I'm happy our way was shown to be the correct way."
Included are "Jawbone," a powerful, uncharacteristically wordless painting by Jean-Michel Basquiat, and an exceptional four-panel painting by Francesco Clemente in which a seemingly living face is progressively readied for burial, winding up dead.
The dealer is promptly arrested and brought to the Seventh Precinct station house.
While the plan earned praise as a necessary step toward readiness for the work force, some educators expressed concern that the rigorous new standards would replace the current two-tiered system of academic and nonacademic courses with another two-tier system -- in which one group of students can meet the requirements and succeed, and the other stumbles, becomes disillusioned and ultimately drops out.
The bond gains were slowed though, by comments of Robert T. Parry, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco.
Should the Jets pursue an experienced free-agent quarterback, such as Frank Reich, the longtime Bills backup?
At Girls Incorporated, we urge young women like Tamika to "find a family" with us, help them give up gang life and go on to college.
The residents were away at the time.
"The union probably does more negotiating with the Mayor on the school budget than the Chancellor does.
Most condemned killers choose that option in the states where it is offered.
My kids drop in all the time.
Darci Kistler, new as the ballerina in the dance's closing "Rosenkavalier" section, was a charming girl-next-door rather than the mysterious, slightly sad lone waltzer suggested by the choreography and the music's haunting, fleeting emotional dissonances.
Under the original deal, the owners of the center are only obliged to provide $50 million in backstop financing after this year.
The noncallable notes carry an interest rate of 7.8 percent and are priced at par.
And Hull said that he plans to tell Keenan that he did not mean what he said in July, and that he is sure they can work it out.
Placing the birth before 5 B.C., yet during the time of Quintilius, would mean Jesus was born in 6 B.C.
"Sublime," he said of the door of his Park Slope brownstone, which was spruced up last year with Schreuder's black.
Bring water to boil in a covered pot for pasta.
A7 Argentines accused Iran of a role in a fatal bombing.
"There is a spectrum of sophistication, and you could imagine a company saying that a product was so complicated that it did not have full knowledge."
Many people argue that encouraging China's economic boom is the most effective way to improve human rights.
If that pattern continues this year, the combination of angry voters and absent ones will ratify the reverberating message of the campaign so far.
Mr. Marion looked around the room in desperation, but no one raised a paddle.
The ITT move followed its acquisition of Madison Square Garden and coincided with the sale of some of its financial service operations.
We miss each other when we're not together."
Featured are hanging scrolls, intended for public display, and handscrolls, meant to be seen by a single viewer, as well as album pages, all painted by scholar-artists in ink on paper or silk.
Tass, monitored by the British Broadcasting Corporation, quoted a spokesman for the Russian Ministry for Civil Defense and Emergencies as saying that the man was demanding $2 million in ransom, more fuel for the aircraft and continuation of the flight to Iran.
She has already won on the L.P.G.A., European, Japanese and Asian tours.
But "The Taffetas," a popular send-up of 1950's girl groups, is what is known as a "booked in" show made to travel.
But with an abuse excuse, a defendant has another recourse besides committing the crime that he should clearly have taken; for instance, in the case of a killing supposedly committed to end abuse, one could have gone to the police for protection instead.
Mr. Browne is survived by his wife of 60 years, Katherine Hall Browne; four sons, Stephen H. of Morristown, Anthony H. of Los Angeles and William H. of Greenwich, Conn., and Christopher H. of Manhattan, who both are partners in Tweedy Browne, and eight grandchildren.
"But I just realized that there's one goal just a tiny bit better.
Surprising Problems Creating the mall school has been harder than anyone expected.
Or would he be treated as innocent until proven guilty?
"I'll look it up," Mr. Foote says, leafing through his notes at the Kampo Cultural Center in the East Village.
FOR the last four or five years, downtown Manhattan's landlords have watched vacancy rates soar and rents spiral down.
Collect as many varieties of tomato as you can find to make this salad.
If the group's stylistic hybrids lacked the brutal austerity of its more orthodox flamenco, they still communicated a punch.
"You can't regulate major industries without staff," said a Democratic aide who seemed unaware that that was just what the Republicans had been promising.
The Administration should also make clear that the amnesty agreed to on Sunday will not shield anyone from prosecution for crimes committed from now on.
At Madison Square Garden, beginning at 1:30 P.M., the Rangers play the Pittsburgh Penguins and, possibly, Mario Lemieux, the superstar center who returned to uniform Saturday night in Montreal after missing two games with renewed back pain.
A pharmaceutical house, for instance, would regularly invite groups of doctors for lunch to introduce new products to them."
Moore has become one of the toughest and most admired Jets, playing earlier this season with a broken wrist.
The character may have been shaped in part by Britten's personal concerns, but it was also a canny dramatic choice.
" The pupil made his old coach a prophet tonight.
Like the Magic Kingdom, the newest park would be divided into several lands connected by a central hub.
But the British pound continued to advance.
He said that the remaining issues were primarily wages and health benefits.
Between Washington and Chicago, the USAir youth fare, again with a change in Pittsburgh, would also be $118 each way, $236 round trip.
But the Reagan people took a strange way of upholding America -- refusing to meet U.S. financial obligations.
Boston U. has won the most Beanpot championships, 17, and Northeastern the fewest, 4.
Before final approvals were granted last fall, the developer agreed to extensive deed restrictions on the most sensitive lots.
But what distinguishes Eli and what potentially makes make him a unique radio talent is that his historical and political insight into athletics have been shaped from his experiences as a player, not a fan.
The head of the conducting department at Westminster, he was formerly the director of the United States Army Chorus and associate bandmaster of the United States Army Band.
"We just shouldn't keep jiggling it," he said.
But there were also works by Henry Purcell, Tarquinio Merula, Giovanni Baptista Draghi and several lesser-known men.
David Angelo, 33, has joined Cliff Freeman & Partners in New York as executive vice president and co-creative director.
Years later, memories of events leading up to the murder still evoke the class tensions and unspoken social codes of the depressed farming community where the narrator grew up.
While officially a defendant in the case, Mr. Yousef left the country the very day of the trade center explosion and was not on trial.
He was 67 and lived in Wilton, Conn.
Some preliminary research also indicates that fish oils may help to prevent a potentially fatal disruption in heart rhythm called ventricular fibrillation.
Grilled salmon was expertly cooked but overwhelmed by the mustard in the basil Dijon sauce.
"This has been called the Nobel Prize of music," Mr. Jones, the composer, producer and arranger, said yesterday.
Two days later, Ms. Ortega tried to stab Mr. Peguero on the street, witnesses testified.
Still, it is evident that Showalter would rather have Key pitch an inning in relief instead of starting and pitching more.
Last year, one student tossed out an egg attached to a frying pan.
For those who might, for whatever reason, still want the original model, Apple is knocking down the price of the original Messagepad to $499.
With this fresh information in hand, Myrlie Evers pressured Mississippi officials to move for a new trial.
" In another train accident, a woman and four children were killed today near Stockton, Calif., when their station wagon was hit by a freight train, the California Highway Patrol said.
'Use Their Influence' "We weren't notified in advance of the specific agreement outlined today," one White House official said.
My friend and I, both ovo-lacto vegetarians (we eat eggs and dairy products) are traveling to Bonaire in the Netherlands Antilles in January.
Well, that's a start, I told him.
In NEW YORK, Kofi Annan, the Undersecretary General in charge of peacekeeping, said the United Nations planned to reopen Bosnia's TUZLA airport on March 7.
Vendors who resist the move will face fines, seizures and possibly arrest.
We're hoping we can find total restoration of funds that way."
Yet New Jersey's economy is in better shape than Connecticut's, which has suffered from severe cutbacks in its heavy concentration of defense industries.
In addition to that research, to insure that the campaign took the right tone, it was turned over to two Burnett vice presidents and associate creative directors who, Mr. Montgomery joked, "have an arrested adolescence" -- Jonathan Hoffman, a copywriter, and Rich Johnson, an art director.
Mrs. Rieger, 31, is an associate at Sheft & Sheft, a New York law firm.
Trinity College named Evan S. Dobelle, the president of City College in San Francisco and a national urban policy expert, as its 18th president on Saturday.
"His really big job is how to harmonize the state's needs and that of the retirees' legitimate entitlements," said Robert A. G. Monks, a founder of the shareholder-rights movement and now head of the Lens investment fund.
During the reception at the Round Hill Country Club, cocktails were served in a sitting room where the tables were decorated with silver cream pitchers and sugar bowls filled with tiny tea roses the yellowy-white color of antique lace.
Workers who have income tax withheld from their pay are far more likely to comply with their overall tax obligations."
"I think that Japan actually has the ability to have nuclear arms but we restrain ourselves," said the parliamentarian, Hirokimi Oki.
"It's helped us quite a bit in terms of who is using what; before we had no idea at all," said Michael Zuelke, a technician with Mobil Exploration and Discovery, a unit of Mobil Oil based in New Orleans.
Alfonso Compres, 33; on the force four years; charged with two counts of first-degree robbery, two counts of first-degree assault, intimidating a witness, tampering with physical evidence, narcotics conspiracy and violation of civil rights resulting in a bodily injury.
Most of my travel is on Central Park's circular drive.
From 1986 through 1992, the median income of men then in this age group fell by 17 percent, after adjustment for inflation, to $41,898, according to data collected by the Census Bureau.
2 11 CHICKEN SOUP FOR THE SOUL, compiled by Jack Canfield and Mark Victor Hansen.
"And the quote was not that Mayor Dinkins had provided it."
The midsection of Guam is common ground to both populations: strip malls, fast-food joints and traffic jams, although it is also home to a burgeoning resort industry, much of it Japanese-owned.
An inveterate creator, he seems incapable of speaking without illustrating his thoughts at the same time -- on scrap paper, checks, bank statements, even the palm of his hand.
Indeed, the mood among currency traders remained downbeat about the dollar, with many dismissing the Administration's defense of the currency as lame.
At the signing ceremonies here on Friday, rich nations pledged little new money but committed funds for further exploratory studies.
But Republicans asserted that the proposal envisioned new benefits worth hundreds of billions of dollars without suggesting any way to pay for them.
Several analysts said Disney was much more likely to go after CBS now because a bid would be considered friendly at this point.
I will pick up and start again."
In that case, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruled that V.M.I.
Mr. Wagoner attributed the jump in part to surging sales in South America.
At halftime of Georgetown's game against Seton Hall tonight, with the Hoyas trailing by 24-21, Thompson repeated his challenge.
Now the backup tackle Greg Bishop will get his 15 minutes of fame.
"On some streets it is piled the whole width of lots, four to six feet high," said J. Paul Patterson, the city's administrator of solid waste management.
Most said they had long despaired of using favorite family numbers to beat the lottery's odds of 9.3 million to 1.
But his choice dismayed several American human rights monitoring organizations who said Mr. Lasso lacked experience and served as Foreign Minister under the repressive military Government that ruled Ecuador in the late 1970's "The challenge for Ayala Lasso will be to prove he can overcome his past as an official of an abusive military government and become a forceful advocate for human rights" said Kenneth Roth, executive director of the Human Rights Watch, based in New York.
She persisted: "You are very welcome in the Republican Party.
In a finding consistent with past studies, Catholics gave far less than members of other churches, even though their incomes were higher than all but Presbyterians.
And there aren't too many models for it."
Essays, Criticism & Letters BEYOND DESPAIR: Three Lectures and a Conversation With Philip Roth.
That such a format could discourage teams from bidding for high-priced players has not been lost on union negotiators, one reason that only less serious overdraft charges could ever attract players' interests.
Jackson, who also holds the world record, had a winning time of 13.22 seconds.
For two years, through the steady destruction of Sarajevo, the endless food shortages, the deaths of friends and the constant atmosphere of fear, Zlata Filipovic, now 13, kept a diary that recorded the life and feelings of a young girl trapped in a war she could not understand.
But on another level, the Hispanic influx here is merely the most striking example of a broader national trend.
Administering the sacrament of baptism is presumably what the Zionists were up to when, Keller writes, they "gathered to dunk new members in the foul water."
"The genie's out of the bag," he said in an interview.
Sunday morning has become the linchpin of the democratic process, where civic-minded citizens inform themselves on the major issues of the day.
Failing that, he added, France would back all requests for military action from the United Nations peacekeeping force.
Allegations of fraud against the accountants in a series of limited partnerships sold by Prudential Securities are raising questions about the future of a $120 million class-action settlement reached with the firm over those partnerships, lawyers said yesterday.
The fourth-quarter charge also means that Disney has "written off the entire investment," said Thomas J. Deegan, a Disney spokesman.
The three slain in Irving were all gay men who frequented bars in a nearby Dallas neighborhood and who were stabbed to death in a similar, grisly fashion.
Yet for all its flaws, this last Rama book does deliver the goods in its final pages.
An Internal Revenue Service investigator said Mr. Millar spent $62,400 more than his reported income in the months after the robbery.
"People have been warning us, especially our parents, that you need to have an escape plan," Mr. Palmer said.
Hitchcock's Films In 1944, officials at the British Ministry of Information were sure of at least one thing: no more propaganda films by Alfred Hitchcock.
Conspiracy and Fraud Nonetheless, International Signal and Control was a criminal enterprise that "engaged in a decadelong conspiracy to export embargoed arms, munitions and technology to the Republic of South Africa" as well as in money laundering and a business fraud of hundreds of millions of dollars, according to a Federal district judge's findings in the case.
Other satisfying meat dishes were the pan-seared veal chop (a bit fatty but thick, huge and meaty) in a peppy lemon sauce replete with green peppercorns, and rack of lamb (five small chops cooked medium-rare as ordered) in a Merlot-rich sauce perked up with roasted garlic and a sprig of fresh thyme.
That was not the only news out of Oxford yesterday.
After reading the numbers book to his 3-year-old son, Christopher, Mr. Crosbie said his son had only one complaint: "The number six shows six ducts, but Christopher was looking for ducks."
The National Association of Securities Dealers said yesterday that the Securities and Exchange Commission had approved a rule proposed by the Nasdaq exchange to strengthen its authority to prevent listing some companies on the Nasdaq trading system.
Further proof of its effectiveness came more recently when Dr. Irwin Ziment of the University of California at Los Angeles found that because chicken is a protein food it contains an amino acid called cysteine, which is chemically similar to a drug called acetylcysteine.
STEPHANOPOULOS: I think that's not a decision for me to make.
And by the first grade, Robyn knew how to multiply and divide while the rest of her class was learning to add and subtract.
Todd was producing, and I was directing, "January Thaw" for Broadway).
A hard-edged question was posed to Hillary Rodham Clinton at her Whitewater news conference: what about "the suggestion in the R.T.C.
Then, he delivered the message that he would repeat over and over again in his speech today, in French, Creole and English: "No to violence, no to vengeance, yes to reconciliation."
As members of her audience cooled themselves to the steady waving of fans printed with advertisements for a local funeral parlor, Ms. Avital reminded them that her country was also devoted to a peaceful solution to the Palestinian question.
Fires have been so frequent throughout the West this year that O.K.
To put that in perspective, the industry's old record was 12 months, a string that ended with the 1987 crash.
All three countries have sizable Kurdish minorities whose separatist ambitions could grow if the Iraqi Kurds achieve independence.
Because the payoffs ultimately increased the cost of building maintenance, tenant-owners and shareholders ended up being bilked out of untold millions of dollars, the officials say.
Explaining his governing philosophy, Mr. Giuliani said last week, "Government has a role, and if we're able to achieve all of the reforms that we want to achieve, government will still have a role, an important one."
That's not to say the Knicks, the league's most physical and best defensive rotation team, won't figure something out.
In the last five games, his longest completion has been 33 yards, in the loss to Miami.
Long-Distance Relationship Asked how uncomfortable it was to pitch with the Traveling Show sitting five rows behind home, Hitchcock said: "Usually, they're sitting in the dugout.
"We've had two days to prepare for Game 2 whereas we only had one day to prepare for the first game," Riley said after practice.
Mr. Baranik's work also elicits admiration and reservations, but for different reasons.
Cleveland's Johnny Allen and Baltimore's Dave McNally share the A.L.
business," and the two quickly agreed to collaborate.
Classic tales respun to avoid offending current sensibilities.
Anyway, for the last two years I've been singing 'Star Dust' to myself every morning when I run in Central Park."
And of course the riders scrape their pedals all the time.
The production is appropriately pulpish.
A plan to overhaul Connecticut's property-tax system over the next few years, including phased-in tax breaks for inner-city renters and suburban retirees, advanced through a major committee of the Legislature today.
Talk of privatizing places like Metropolitan Hospital in his district stirs worries that the new private operators might turn away patients that cannot pay, or reject illegal aliens, which city hospitals cannot do, he said.
THERE is precious little good to report about baseball on this, the eve of the third in-season strike since 1980.
He had a career-high 31 points and took over the ball game down the stretch.
It offers what many schools, public and private, are unable to provide: small classes and extensive individual attention.
Pascal Allio, Agnes Dufour, Katharina Bader, Nasser Martin-Gousset and Dominique Collignon-Maurin were the committed performers in a piece that somehow flattened its own originality.
A Western diplomat said, "They've come a long way, but they still have a long way to go."
"Tina can be the next Jodie Foster," predicts Jessie Nelson, the writer, director and producer of "Corrina, Corrina."
Invited to appear on what was billed as a new children's program, soccer stars, cooks and rugby players showed up only to have Mr. Blobby knock down their goal posts and splatter their custards.
He said the vote would come next month.
The chocolate should have been better quality for $6.50.
It is the one way to douse the flames of criticism.
We made a great run."
Bernard Berton, a lawyer for Mr. Khan, said that he was not aware of a relationship between Mr. Khan and Putnam and that Mr. Khan had been "irreparably damaged" by news coverage.
But some Peruvians see the women's candidacies as a sign of progress in a country of 23 million where many people still think of women as the property of their husbands.
Dr. Levine said he suspected that most people would probably give permission "if you had time to sit down and talk about it at length."
The $10 billion deal, one of the biggest mergers ever among military contractors, was announced by the two companies in August.
Its key, G minor, was one Mozart would return to in his next-to-last symphony.
The House and the Senate are set to adjourn Oct. 7 and not return until January.
Maj. Gen. Eugene Santarelli, commander of the 17th Air Force in Europe, will appoint a judge to handle the investigation into Colonel May's case.
The Perot Mission Ross Perot's organization has its people in place, but at a weekend meeting, members were still trying to decide just what to do.
Treasury futures were slightly higher, while the Treasury market was closed in observance of Columbus Day.
JEFFREY LAURENTI Executive Director, United Nations Association of the United States New York, Aug. 1, 1994
But recently Saturn's role has been diluted by G.M.
In 1974, he was named Ambassador to Burma, now Myanmar, and served until 1978.
Homeless groups suspect the choice was affected by the number of residents and businesses in the area who disdain the homeless.
Michigan's record was 28-2-1 after 31 games and then 5-5 in its last 10.
"I'd feel like it was a way of getting control," said another.
Because the deficit was so large and because they benefited from tax cuts in the 1980's, we did ask the wealthiest Americans to pay more to reduce the deficit.
Stuart M. Saft, chairman of the Council of New York Cooperatives, agreed.
He was shot in the chest during festivities in the auditorium of St. Paul the Apostle Church at Ninth Avenue and 60th Street, possibly in a dispute that broke out over a disk jockey contest.
As he also did on Wednesday, Mr. Greenspan indicated that a fifth increase in the central bank's short-term interest rate target this year was possible in the near future.
The Atlanta locker room seemed amicable enough, though veteran players conceded that the team was still in a state of stunned disbelief.
Proposals to change the Medicaid formula create a political problem for President Clinton and Congress.
* Twenty years ago, the quintessential singer-songwriter product was an emotional torrent that flooded the borders of the pop form in its race to grasp the world whole and say everything at once.
In WASHINGTON, President Clinton backed the move.
If Unaccounted For runs, we won't.
Rabbi David Gedzelman, a brother of the bridegroom, is to officiate at the Mamaroneck (N.Y.) Beach and Yacht Club.
A16 BACK TO EDUCATIONAL BASICS A leading business group called for less emphasis on social goals and services in schools and a renewed focus on academic basics.
But Jonathan Bond, president and chief executive at Kirshenbaum & Bond, the New York agency that sponsors meetings and other event-marketing promotions for distilled-spirits brands like Hennessy Cognac, disagreed.
First, he said, there are simply more delays for rain than for snow because here in the Northeast, it rains more than it snows.
Since Mr. Clinton first threatened to use force to oust Haiti's junta, his aides have said he recognized that he was on a path in which he would see no option but to go forward with an invasion if economic sanctions alone did not force it from power.
Mobil plans to reduce jobs in its chemical operations by a fifth.
But the passionate language was not repeated in a note he left behind at his home, where his wife and four children survive him.
In addition, Chris Morris is on the injured list with a broken right thumb, and he was joined there today by the 7-foot-2-inch reserve center Dwayne Schintzius, who has a bad back.
Although largely self-taught, Phillips taught himself well, carefully studying the works of other artists he encountered as his own commissions took him from house to house and town to town.
ANALYST SEES SAVINGS IN LILCO TAKEOVER A state takeover of the Long Island Lighting Company could save customers up to 13 percent on their electric bills, an analyst says.
Jadot's is about $210 and the Domaine de la Romanee-Conti's version is about $850.
Its gimmick: gourmet submarine sandwiches.
This time, he was strong and fast.
"Production of autos, vehicle parts, steel and building materials is near capacity," the Fed said.
Peter Lynch, a Boston money manager and author, paid record prices for two purchases: $354,500 for a Pilgrim-period blanket chest and $486,500 for a 1925 painting of a Civil War scene by John Orne Johnson Frost.
Rear Adm. Ralph K. James, former chief of the Navy's Bureau of Ships.
vice president for energy and environment, in an interview in his office here.
Allied Clinical's largest shareholder is Haywood D. Cochrane Jr., the company's president and chief executive, who holds 4 percent.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
But he had never written a story.
In the end, the Zachs calculate that they spend about half the amount on housing costs, as a percentage of their income, that lenders prescribe as maximum, not an unusual situation for well-to-do buyers who refrain from stretching into more exclusively high-income communities.
But this soporific advertising campaign also happens to be quite a sleeper, belying a controversy surrounding a popular idea among airlines to form marketing alliances to broaden their route networks.
Remove, set aside to cool slightly while you make pie filling.
While state Republicans from Mrs. Whitman on down sharply deplored what they said was the commercial's inflammatory tone, the candidate seemed almost to get a lift from it.
A new editor in chief, Jane Chestnutt, added more features.
Even the concerns of homeowners on Beech Road, a racially integrated street where homes cost more than $300,000, were quieted by promises that the state land would be kept as a nature reserve.
Ms. Stern, who moved to Los Angeles in 1955, said of the callers: "Some of them are reluctant.
C9 Theater: "The Shadow Box."
In the photos, Shelley stands primly wearing a red scarf and an innocent smile.
Open Doc applications will not appear until the end of the year, and it will probably be well into 1995 before significant numbers arrive.
The Republican Party had pledged to name judges opposed to Roe v. Wade, the 1973 Court ruling that found a constitutional right to abortion.
But the basic need in humanity for what music provides is eternal, and if we didn't have it, we'd have to invent it."
All agreed that the top priority should be to evacuate Americans from Rwanda.
"We didn't believe John Bobbitt," a male juror said.
But after communing with reality, a chastened President came before a press corps drawn up in vast, cumbrous array to record his acquiescence with political necessity.
The United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Missouri, Edward L. Dowd Jr., described it as a landmark air-pollution case.
"The proposition that there is no such thing as objective reality is easier on researchers than on consumers of information," she writes.
When the special-education teacher brought her down the hall, Mrs. Bays recalled, "She just stood there with that girl in her arms and cried."
And her obsession with riding makes her sound, at times, a bit like some character out of P. G. Wodehouse.
But it refuses to recognize the border with Kuwait, or Kuwaiti sovereignty, although Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz told United Nations Security Council members that both were possible in exchange for a commitment to allow Iraq to sell oil.
Suddenly a big green darner, dark greenish brown, appears.
"They're not sensational, but they've done their jobs," said John Rekenthaler, editor of Morningstar Mutual Funds in Chicago.
Auntie sold her to a bar owner.
But Bophuthatswana (bah-POO-taht-SWA-nah) last week proved an important turning point on South Africa's way to democracy.
Wouldn't it be safer to drown him before he grows up?"
A Slight Twist on a Standard: A Man Sings Women's Lyrics Ballroom "While I'm There," one of the smartest contemporary songs in Phillip Officer's new show celebrating female lyricists, is a refreshingly spunky declaration of sexual independence.
"The momentum behind the Power PC makes it an attractive bandwagon to jump on," said Michael Slater, editorial director of the industry newsletter Microprocessor Report.
Economically, that was significant, since it reduced Japan's yawning surplus in the broadest measure of trade, known as the current account.
Lawmakers assume that affluent people can buy private health insurance, costing $4,000 to $6,000 a year for a family, if they do not receive coverage through employers.
At the Hillside Maintenance Complex in Hollis there is little talk of management decisions or new emergency plans.
He has also planted butterfly bushes and sunflowers, popular with goldfinches.
Another officer, Yvette Boros-Aponte, "struck him with a nightstick trying to subdue him.
Though it is still a minority that can pull it off, many parents are ambitious for their daughters.
He identified a particular bone whose size and shape are related to the thumb muscles that enable people to grasp things with force and precision.
The clot was dissolved two days later, but Frazier was readmitted on Oct. 4 when a second blood clot appeared in the same spot.
A study of service-station workers in northern New Jersey, where oxyfuels were being used, and southern New Jersey, where they were not, found no difference in frequency of headaches or other health effects between the two groups.
Continuing Nightmares The counseling program, he said, is intended to help engineers work through the stages of grief.
We must relearn some lessons and treat this generation as generously as we did the veterans of World War II.
There is public relations value in looking sage and magnanimous, of course, and musicians who teach speak of learning from their students.
Just like tycoons of previous eras, these "swashbucklers of the Information Age" are seen posing on yachts, helicopters and private jets, unabashedly displaying the perks of immense wealth and power.
But unlike those running the show a half-century ago, when weather of almost exactly the same sort forced Gen. Dwight D. Eisenhower to put off the invasion for another day, the generals stuck to the schedule this time around -- muddling on, as always in Britain when it comes to the weather, wrestling with their umbrellas in the wind and using squeegees to soak the water from the red carpet beside the royal yacht Britannia.
He said the store would close in 10 weeks because its lease will expire, and it had a city license for its sale.
While it is usually standard practice to take someone with an acute stroke to the nearest hospital, the former President was driven to New York Hospital, on Manhattan's East Side, by the local volunteer ambulance corps, which made the trip in about 45 minutes, Ms. Taylor said.
But no, they are the actors in Edward Albee's newest work, "Fragments."
"The other is the operating software; to regain momentum in the marketplace, I.B.M.
b-After an extraordinary charge in connection with early repayment of debt of $ 621,000, or 1 cent a share, in the quarter and $ 4,261,000, or 6 cents a share, in the year.c-Net lossd-After an extraordinary charge in connection with early repayment of debt of $ 29,164,000, or 43 cents a share, in the quarter and $ 29,445,000, or 43 cents a share, in the year.
1 and that Trudeau is his backup.
The other visible change here is a surge in foreign tourists: a sandal and sun-hat tribe that rarely ventures into Colombia's Andean interior.
Whichever, the enduring image of Mr. Pataki's first three weeks as Governor-elect may be of a man who set out to even the score with those Republicans who sought to undermine him during the campaign.
Improvements Are Cited The Professional Association of Diving Instructors, which certifies more divers than any other group, contends that diving has actually become safer under their private oversight.
But the allies then stood by while Saddam Hussein used what remained of his army to suppress these rebellions.
Four people who were not students were detained yesterday, three for disorderly conduct and one for possession of marijuana, Officer McInnis said.
At that time, when Elizabeth Coleman's peers were debating whether to combine career and family, her mother "didn't have a lot of patience for the whole subject," Ms. Coleman recalled.
How true it is when Mrs. Lindbergh says, 'The most exhausting thing in life, I have discovered, is being insincere.'
Among those appearing was her former husband, Jeff Gillooly, who had told Federal investigators that Miss Harding was involved in planning the attack.
Those benefits, he said, could quickly give Sprint and its partners as much as two-fifths of what is now a $10 billion market for multinational business communications.
To salvage at least a 40 or 50-game season, they need an agreement around the end of December.
"He does not have to be former military, or a chemical engineer or anything special," Mr. Jenkins said.
Until quite recently almost nobody knew exactly how many sculptures he had made or what they looked like.
Whole-meal dishes, for instance, are indicated by a sheaf of corn, macrobiotic dishes by the yin-yang symbol and dishes produced mainly from certified organic growers by a flower-like sign.
Unless enough program slots exist for people to enter as soon as they make that critical decision, the entire rehabilitative nature of the Mayor's plan falls apart.
"I say you're called Goldstein, Silverstein and Rubenstein because you've been stealing all the gold and silver and rubies all over the world -- and it's true, because of your stealing and roguing and lying all over the face of the earth," Mr. Muhammad declared.
The victory was the 999th for Manhattan, which began playing basketball during the 1904-05 season.
The Cooper plan, in contrast, would order companies to offer the required health care coverage to their workers, but would not require the companies to pay the premiums.
In the earlier poll, the flawed question used a double negative: "Does it seem possible or does it seem impossible to you that the Nazi extermination of the Jews never happened?"
Despite that record, City Hall officials suggested in interviews that Mr. Cortines's efforts to cut the payroll have been less than ambitious.
-- John P. McConville, New York, N.Y. A.
(It's no use arguing that this reflects ambiguity; there's a problem if we're straining to see a character's eyes.)
Crafts knew that Lageman would rush from the outside and Washington would try to bull his way through, but knowing was not enough.
The deficit in the hospital corporation's budget came about because of an unexpected $10 million decline in revenue, a sharp $82.9 million increase in spending and a decision by the city not to pay for $73 million the hospitals sought in reimbursements from the state and insurance companies but failed to win.
A high credit rating is essential to attract derivatives customers.
The new service, as envisioned by Pacific Bell, will permit customers who obtain digital phones to use a single telephone number for an array of uses, including paging and data transmission.
Compagnie Generale des Eaux will also invest $247 million for a 10 percent stake in the cellular operations of the Southwestern Bell Mobile Systems unit in Washington and Baltimore.
That is fitting enough, since her depictions of lower-class depravity have also been done in a Gothic style.
On the other hand, if the documents turn out to be damaging, then Mr. Nussbaum may have had good reason to try to keep them secret.
To the Editor: Cigarette manufacturers dispute that cigarette smoking involves addiction to nicotine.
The Saudis attempted to undermine Yemen by arming Yemeni tribes and financing politicians.
The ITT Corporation formally confirmed yesterday that it planned to sell its financial services empire, seeking an estimated $3 billion to $4 billion to finance the conglomerate's debut in the media and entertainment business.
But people kept saying to me, 'Helen, wise up.
The girl and her parents were eager to be on the show, which is understandable.
Ms. Stewart echoed Ms. Watts, asserting, "The beauty of direct marketing is its ability to test."
700,000 Without Power This was a mixed blessing in parts of Mississippi, where the thaw has left fields muddy and inaccessible to the heavy vehicles needed in replacing the snapped utility poles.
Bret Taylor, president of the Gillette Chamber of Commerce, said he had organized the hunt in response to ranchers' complaints that coyotes were costing them thousands of dollars a year in lost livestock.
Then came the depressing "First Hundred Days" report: "Still won't do."
And at other stops, including Atlanta, New York City and San Francisco, well-organized groups of Chinese-Americans have met the Imperial entourage calling for formal apologies for World War II and shouting reminders about atrocities in China.
The merger, if completed, would add American Tobacco's 7 percent of United States cigarette volume to Brown & Williamson's 11 percent.
"It's such a great what-if season that people want to know what's going to happen," said Kenneth Miller, president of Miller Associates, who has offered the firm's Baseball for Windows game to 10 newspapers free of charge.
The spacecraft was supposed to be launched two years ago, but was delayed by design problems and additional tests.
Flower scents are not uncommon; they include rose, violet and magnolia.
Now 14 new families have moved in and about 20 houses on the street are under contract.
But by emphasizing the interplay between her life and thought, Mr. Paris also highlights some very disturbing -- or, depending on the degree of one's sympathy, tragic -- paradoxes.
The boy died last Nov. 18 after being left alone briefly with Ms. Santiago by the foster parents, who were family acquaintances, at the Bronx apartment of the boy's paternal grandmother, the police said.
More than two years in construction and nearly a decade in planning, the wing is the largest space in Maryland dedicated to 20th-century art.
and Microsoft, which rose 1 5/8, to 61 1/2.
On the other hand, the crew of Flight 1016 told investigators they do not recall hearing the plane's wind shear detection system go off.
Basketball National Basketball Association NBA -- Fined Clifford Robinson, Portland Trail Blazers center, $7,000 for verbally abusing the officials and failing to leave the court quickly after being ejected from a game against Golden State on March 10.
he spouts to his old friend Tom Downey, a former Representative from Long Island.
But others say Shade's strategy has merit.
The cause was lung cancer, said Joan Harris, a spokeswoman for the family.
The company is emphasizing its willingness to enter into public-private partnerships that may ease local governments' capital shortages.
*In September, after months of controversy, Disney announced it was abandoning plans to build a historical theme park, Disney's America, near Civil War battlefields in northern Virginia.
Alfred Forbes scored a game-high 24 points and Mark Lueking added 22 to power ARMY's 81-68 victory over CORNELL.
"It was very disappointing dropping out last year, so this year I've been pretty eager to come here for a while now.
Mr. Yeltsin has said the President represents all the people and should not have any party affiliation.
"Those who do the work quickly get tired of doing it all," Mr. Murphy said.
Peggy Ahwesh and Margie Strosser's video "Strange Weather," which focuses on the lives of four crack addicts -- three young women and a man -- who share an apartment in Miami, is another entry that has a strong feel of documentary reality.
Riley may consider giving Smith more playing time, or at least calling more plays for Smith.
For today, most people were riding the trains simply for fun, with transportation as a secondary concern.
Women are often confused about hemlines, and some designers are, too.
The hospital owns one 27-unit building at 50 East 76th Street, which was donated to it, and also leases some apartments from Rockefeller University.
Only the experiences of Mr. Glassner's Vietnam veterans rise above the garden variety life hitch.
The Government spent $4,599 for every American last year, handing out money for grants and benefits, buying goods and services and paying salaries, an increase of more than $200 a person from the year before.
Recognizing that all these seeds of change can only sprout if they fall on friendly soil across the city's 32 districts, Mr. Cortines has been tilling the fields.
"To take on what I take on, you have to be very organized and energetic," he said.
More than 2,000 of the militiamen, together in one mass for the first time since their assembly earlier this week, quick-marched through the hot sun and passed puzzled-looking and sometimes laughing civilians in what was intended to be a show of force.
With a fraction of the Hamptons budget and no direct relation to each other, the festivals promote the cinema as an art form, independent and student film makers and the industry on the Island.
'A Man of Genius' During a recent conversation in his apartment on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, Mr. Said was reminded of these statements from happier times in his relations with Mr. Arafat.
But the official said Mr. Camacho had rejected the Zapatistas' call for parallel Indian governments, and would not move from that position.
Middlesex eliminated 282 positions after a restructuring in August, but some of those laid off have been rehired in new jobs.
"Our plan is tentative and presented to show the city's willingness to go forward," Mr. Stern said.
He had this innate ability to know when something was up, if something was coming -- this innate ability to figure things out.
After all, he was introduced publicly at the swearing-in, they have been to the White House together as a couple, and some of Mr. Lehman's friends casually mention the partner's name during interviews.
At the same time, telephone and data-communications companies are constantly expanding the capacity of twisted-pair phone lines and speeding the installation of fiber optic lines, which also offer data-transfer speeds fast enough to handle video signals.
But his role in trying to sell you on the radio is now posing some problems.
Ms. Salhany said United Paramount would add new affiliates in cities where the Federal Government had approved applications for new stations to be built.
He had been swinging on the other duck when mine hurtled out of the sky and struck him in the stomach.
"I had gone through a fence at Hollywood Park, and five horses fell on top of me," he said.
He led his team down the field in the final minutes of the regular season, into the end zone, overtime and the playoffs.
All of these alternatives are a response to New Yorkers' almost primordial unhappiness about their supermarkets, a feeling underscored by a New York Times computer analysis of regulatory and industry data, as well as an informal survey of markets in five city neighborhoods.
Ms. Curtis's Shelly is the ideal stepmother: beautiful, patient and wise.
Nothing is of major interest by itself; taken together the collection is entertaining because of what it reveals about the lives of the Marquesses of Lansdowne, Bowood's owners, over the last two and a half centuries.
On the Oilers' first scoring drive, Carlson found Wellman three times.
"We have been looking for ways to get bigger, faster, to grow into a diversified media company," he said.
Gross revenue last year in baseball was $2 billion, with salaries rising only proportionately.
As, for example, with deep-fried baby calamari, which is served in a cute little wire basket and paired, inexplicaby, with sweet-and-sour mango sauce.
Bernardin Cardinal Gantin, 72, is a native of Benin and prefect of the Congregation for Bishops, which reviews appointments of bishops worldwide.
Young black women, however, have sharply cut back on cigarettes, statistics show.
The fastest-growing and most formidable show business management company in Hollywood, Brillstein-Grey manages comedians like Gary Shandling, Dana Carvey, Jon Lovitz, Dennis Miller, Carol Burnett and Mike Myers, as well as Lorne Michaels, creator of "Saturday Night Live," and actors like Brad Pitt and Nicolas Cage.
McFarland & Drier, with 35 employees, has an estimated $43 million in billings from clients like the American Automobile Association and the South Florida Ford Dealers Association.
"If the dinar is removed from circulation it could see a rush on the banks and a diminishing of our foreign reserves," a Government economist said.
The Prime Minister handed in his resignation to President Oscar Luigi Scalfaro, who "reserved judgment" on whether to accept it, a formality by which Mr. Berlusconi remains Prime Minister while Mr. Scalfaro begins discussions on resolving the government crisis.
nationally of not being relevant and of losing the young people," said Jim French, publisher of The Charleston Chronicle, a local, black, weekly newspaper.
In another of her moods, shearling coats top matching sweater dresses.
"The Maid of Pskov" was composed at the time of "Boris," while Rimsky-Korsakov and Mussorgsky were sharing an apartment.
The name derives from Le Cigare Volant -- French slang for flying saucer -- which is the vineyard's best known wine.
But that tape, if it exists, has never been shown publicly.
The write-down included $ 56 million after tax, or 48 cents a share, against the company's 80 percent owernship in Wahlco Environmental Systems Inc.; Phase One Development Inc., the company's wholly owned unit, incurred a one-time charge of about $ 12 million, or 10 cents a share; and the utility recorded a charge of $ 12 million, or 10 cents a share.c-Net income(Loss)
Every one of these companies may have been shipping components and materials to Iraq completely within their countries' export laws.
The meeting and ceremony, after years of secret contacts, come just two weeks after the Washington meeting between Mr. Rabin and the Jordanian King, which ended the state of war between the two neighbors.
John P. Spellman performed the Roman Catholic ceremony at the Church of the Nuns of the Visitation.
Thousands fled Burundi today after nearly 100 people, including several children, were killed in tribal clashes near the capital, diplomats said.
The United States and France brought their NATO allies around in February to issuing an ultimatum to the Serbs to withdraw their heavy weapons from a zone around Sarajevo.
"I suspect I'll learn very quickly."
A18 BLUEPRINT FOR PUBLIC FORESTS The Clinton Administration unveiled a plan that would reduce logging in public forests in the Pacific Northwest from the high levels of the 1980's while trying to protect a host of endangered species.
Referring to the volatility of airline stocks, Mr. Wrightson said that regional airlines, despite their many attractions, were not for everyone.
"This is the happiest day of my life," said the mother, Virginia Ramos, of Union City.
No swimming, no gym, no tennis courts.
Ms. Codianni, a member of the Latin Kings' board of directors, is a well-known spokeswoman for the group, who has defended the organization as one that has violence in its past but now is increasingly committed to community and cultural work.
To help taxpayers understand the system and structure their own finances advantageously, as well as file their 1993 returns, Jan M. Rosen of The New York Times in consultation with Daniel Caine, a tax lawyer and author of the popular program Taxcut from Meca Software, prepared this return for a hypothetical two-income New York family using Taxcut.
The Cairns Red Ochre repeats the successful formula of its sibling, with a warm, stone-colored floor, creamy-yellow walls hung with Aboriginal prints and, opposite the entrance, large tank of freshwater crayfish (two varieties: the southern yabby and the North Queensland red-claw).
And if reality fails to fulfill the billing -- if the coach later concludes that the player he described as a priceless diamond is really just zircon, or simply that the team has someone better -- so what?
"It's a typical short-sighted, short-term approach, because if the refugee flow increases again, it'll be too late.
Bill Not Impossible Dr. J. Robert Graham, executive vice president of the American Academy of Family Physicians, said: "We are very disappointed.
Purely political considerations may have played a part in persuading Mr. Lewis and Mr. Rangel to change their minds.
In a report in last week's issue of the journal Nature, Dr. Pierre-Olivier Lagage, a French astrophysicist leading the research, said that "the dust is asymmetrically distributed and is clearly depleted" within 3.7 billion miles of the star, which was interpreted as "indicating the possible presence of at least one planetary body orbiting Beta Pictoris."
Judge Edward Weinfeld remained productive until his death at 86.
Of the three million Americans who have survived a stroke, more than two million have major disabilities, including paralysis, loss of speech and impaired memory.
Admission is by donation of $2.
There was no discussion when Representative Julian C. Dixon, Democrat of California, outlined its provisions.
"I know that when I came back to play Al Arbour at the Nassau Coliseum -- well, you don't want to be embarrassed in front of guys that you coached," said Henning, an original Islander whose coaching career has come full circle: assistant coach for the Islanders in the early 80's, North Stars head coach in the mid-80's, Islanders assistant from 1989 to mid-1994 and Islanders head coach from mid-1994 to the present.
"These are not tame animals," said Gumbel, still sounding amazed that he is decamped in Norway.
If not, will have no option but to attack.'
Even the well-tended vegetable garden, where most of the dinnertime lettuce and chard are grown, wilted for an hour or two.
His talents don't fall into the traditional areas -- astounding dunks, 3-point shots, flashy ball-handling.
And still, no one can say for sure what all this will do in the long run to decrease crime.
Some are ethereal; others, humorous.
"I'm confident that when Judge Ito contrasts what's gone on with cameras outside the courtroom with what's happening with cameras inside the courtroom in this case and all the others we've covered, he'll see we're part of his solution, not part of his problem," Mr. Brill said.
owns the site, whatever happens at the Coliseum will require the approval of the city.
Inside the settlements themselves, the Israelis generally leave their guns at home.
BREATHING NEW LIFE INTO RESEARCH ALLEY Since 1876, when Thomas Edison opened the Menlo Park laboratory where he invented the electric light and the phonograph, the marriage between science and business has found a home in New Jersey.
A fillet of rockfish, the skin crisply sauteed, stood apart from its sauce.
By the time her grandmother Tacey sees her die, observing that she "had all at once evaporated from that body, gone out as small as one breath," I was as pained by the cruelty of Mary's undoing as I would have been by a real death.
At a rally sponsored by a coalition of abortion-rights groups the other day, one speaker pointedly refused to disavow violence against anti-abortion demonstrators.
His most important job is keeping stories out of the paper instead of getting them in, he says, a delicate art that involves steering journalists onto something even juicier.
Which, of course, is not enough to stop a Californian truly bent on making ice wine.
And it's possible to eat at many of these clubs without fearing for one's palate.
An Eye on the Americans The Vatican's choice of the New York Cardinal to sound the alarm apparently reflected the view that much of the language that the church finds offensive comes from American feminists.
"Only 20 percent of my clients use Windows," writes Mr. Abelson, the president of A.C.I., Abelson Communications Inc. "Half of them run their main applications in DOS or in a DOS window.
The chief Cabinet Secretary, Masayoshi Takemura, who is supposed to act as the Prime Minister's spokesman, has publicly feuded with Mr. Hosokawa for several weeks.
Then, during a baby-sitting job when he was in high school, he needed something to read to break the tedium and happened upon a book about American fliers in that war.
The excavation has not yet been widely publicized here, and some of the historical memories it awakens are likely to be uneasy ones.
Ms. Snowe's moderate Republican views attracted many supporters of Ross Perot, who won 30 percent of the vote in the 1992 Presidential election.
The team said that at about 10:30 A.M., Benjamin's car was struck on the driver's side by another car near a parking lot for Fairleigh Dickinson's Rothman Center, where the Nets work out.
The two-year-old Balkan war stems from ethnic conflicts, but cultural differences have little effect within the walls of the mission.
"No political person," she said, "wants to go into an election year where the only question is: How many seats are you going to lose?"
But Mr. Schloss said the department had been unable to assemble the documents in time to surrender them to Mr. Fiske by this afternoon and would be able to provide only some of them by Friday morning.
But then again, in Lagos (last place) it takes 11 hours and 23 minutes.
Harding's former husband along with her onetime bodyguard and two other men have been charged with conspiracy to commit assault after Kerrigan was struck above the right knee in Detroit at a practice session for the national championships.
"It's a place where people can come and live every moment they're alive," Mr. Wilder said.
I begin at the most famous of beginnings.
It gives us Sid Luckman, the former Chicago Bears quarterback, reading a deathbed letter from his coach, George Halas, one of the founding fathers of the N.F.L., that said: "I love you with all my heart.
It seems to me these categories encompass the experiences of many women, while Ms. McCorvey had the unique courage to pursue a landmark court case to its just end.
* Pam Hamlin, executive vice president and director of client services at Leonard Monahan Lubars & Kelly, Providence, R.I., was named a partner.
Three years ago, an irreverent film called "Alice in Wondertown" was released for a few days and then withdrawn by the Government.
Mr. Thomas said that he had no documentary proof but that he felt certain it was General de Montsabert who sent the American troops through the Basses-Alpes.
He is a son of the late Sondra L. Spar, who was a social worker and the director of international studies at Adelphi University in Garden City, L.I.
The American Telephone and Telegraph Company renamed its NCR computer division A.T.& T. Global Information Solutions yesterday, as part of what NCR executives called a "new strategic direction."
MILWAUKEE MUSTANGS -- Signed Winston Sandri, lineman.
"My dad was really cool about it.
It was the most points U.C.L.A.
Charles H. Marciante, president of the New Jersey State A.F.L.-C.I.O., said: "Chuck is an aggressive guy, but you can sit down and negotiate with him and come up with a position, and that's it.
"It's been a little dry, frankly," he said.
They accept a figure upward of 10,000 for the number who perished in the epuration, or purge, that followed the war.
After all, fonts like Warped and Wacky, to name just two of the 2,000 Truetype and Type 1 fonts on that disk, look just as good or bad this year as they did last.
National's suitably resonant male voice says, "At National we could have chosen any color for our company, but we chose green."
Analysts fretted particularly about a 1.1 percent burst, the biggest since February, in the price of durable materials, like metals, used in manufacturing.
They try as best they can to describe the ones they like.
In many ways, the very presence of Clemente Jr. in this field is an extension of his father's legacy.
Once a year only, this year on May 19, the wrought-iron gates to these serpentine passages are opened to the public for the "Hidden Gardens of Beacon Hill" tour.
They said the cars would be towed away to help snow removal.
"It's almost universally believed both on the policy and intelligence sides now that the Haitians are intransigent and are ignoring all the signs, a State Department official said.
Bono never really settled in, finishing the first half 6 of 12 for 42 yards.
IT is one of those home scenarios that live on long after the initial shock.
"I looked to see if everything was O.K., and then I jumped through the window," he said before quickly correcting himself.
GLENN NEWMAN Brooklyn, Oct. 28, 1994 The writer was a deputy commissioner, New York City Finance Dept.
"So, you start a bombing campaign to help them," he said.
FOR the last couple of days, advertising and marketing executives and Wall Street's tobacco industry analysts have sounded like astronomers: they just can't stop talking about that eclipse.
(Zero Mostel, another feather-light colossus, often gave this impression, too.)
Other documentaries challenged official versions of the murders of John F. Kennedy and the Rev.
You were only fascinated how true it seemed to be."
Mr. Vance, the former addict, remembered a similar raid some years ago.
An official ballot is required and must reach the organization's headquarters in Louisville, Ky., no later than April 10 at noon Eastern daylight time.
In Cairo, the Arab League Secretary-General, Esmat Abdel-Meguid, said the announcement was "a first positive step" toward resuming dialogue in Yemen.
The art is often crude, unafraid to make an emotional mess.
He also said that his administration announced this month that it would work with AmericaWorks, a private company that trains welfare recipients and helps them find jobs.
The Administration asserts that it is this group -- not the poor or the rich -- that would be the main beneficiary of guaranteed health insurance, and thus the big loser if it is traded away.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Other residents began watching the entrance and hallways and calling the police every time they saw suspicious activity.
However, that he disagrees with the (uncertain) results of an (incomplete) study of vitamin supplements in Finland does not justify his dragging quinoline yellow dye into the argument.
The investor Richard P. Simmons, chairman of the Allegheny Ludlum Corporation, disclosed today that that he might sell up to 700,000 common shares of the company.
He was put down at 11:45 on Oct. 4, 1989, due to a bad case of Laminitis.
Its president is Alex Morrison, executive director of the Canadian Institute of Strategic Studies and a former army colonel.
"Bidders not submitting their full down payment by the required deadline will be considered to be in default and the licenses will be reauctioned."
Jimmy Prine, a 26-year-old construction worker, looked on as his pager kept going off with a numerical message -- "1-9-9-4."
Canadian Football League HAMILTON TIGER-CATS -- Signed Timm Rosenbach, quarterback.
Does this mean that therapists are including religious beliefs among conditions requiring treatment?
Becker made a subtler play.
A LASER LECTURE Nicolaas Bloembergen's lecture on "Lasers in Our Daily Lives" is not for everyone, but it will be of great interest to people who are among the scientifically and technologically literate.
It has been a heck of a year for the 49ers.
The central bank may raise rates by a quarter-point next month, said Marilyn Schaja, money market economist at the Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation, "depending on the next employment report and consumer price index."
The Proposition for Limited Casinos, headed by Mr. Roberts, represents major Las Vegas casino operators, parimutuel owners and Thomas Kramer, a German developer.
Comcast has nearly 3 million customers nationwide, 400,000 of whom are in Florida.
A red one-piece suit is worn over another suit in white mesh for women who want extra coverage.
"We had little hope of ever getting him," said Walter Arsenault, head of the Homicide Investigations Unit in the Manhattan District Attorney's office.
You have to type to do that.
Seismologists said the earthquake may have lifted the mountains jabove Northridge more than one foot.
"Dallas is very good at making teams go 80 yards.
When he goes to college, he will have to go to work every day -- I mean, basketball is a business in college -- and he will have to produce."
California and New Jersey, for example, are among eight states the proposal identifies as having courts strongly supportive of industrial companies in their suits against insurers.
The Senate convicted the Justice, Rolf Larsen, on a vote of 44 to 5, finding that his decisions on whether to hear cases had been based on recommendations from a lawyer who was a political supporter.
b-After a gain of $ 3,991,000 from an adjustment in accounting.Year-ago 6 months' share earnings was not available.
But a democratic Germany seemed anything but assured in 1944 -- indeed Col. Claus Schenck von Stauffenberg and company were never even interested in such an arrangement -- and the Allies can hardly be faulted for ignoring their murky overtures and pressing toward total surrender.
"We'd like for a team to have to throw to beat us."
Mr. Kelm is survived by his wife, Caroline; a son, David E., of New Orleans; a daughter, Susan Kelm Talbot of Edina, Minn.; three grandchildren, and five stepchildren.
DIAGNOSTEK INC., Albuquerque, N.M., said its Health Care Services Inc. unit had received a $100 million contract from the Department of Defense for mail prescription services.
"It's a rejuvenating thing, the spirit of this land," said Alan Shapiro who teaches neurologically impaired children in Fair Lawn, N.J.
Nebraska, after a 45-17 victory over Kansas, took over first place in both polls, moving into the No.
The United States' financial contribution to the project was $480 million and the French was $220 million.
"We got to take advantage of them right now," said Luis Polonia.
They kept writing about him, that he wasn't going to be good, this, that and the other thing.
In fact, perhaps nothing will happen, said Walter Polosnik, an astronomer at Queens College.
Vanessa Redgrave Severo del Valle .
In her book, she uses detailed interviews with six black professionals to reveal the layers that make up an individual's experience and a people's experience, providing sociological portraits that are a marriage of arts and science, literature and empirical description.
Any shift at all in the political mood could have an impact in those.
He said his client had $100,000 in British parts shipped to New York last week, and had 12 mechanics working full time to modify its buses.
Mr. Rosenberg said some defense lawyers intentionally drag cases out because their clients enjoy administrative reassignment.
During an evening in which the characters get high on booze and pot and compare notes about sex, love and relationships, domestic conflict erupts.
Families with two working parents go out often for fast-food meals, and many more people today eat out a lot just for entertainment."
The owners' negotiators gave the document to union representatives at the end of their meeting Tuesday.
There is one other alternative, Mr. Rabin said: End the occupation.
The motion granted by Associate Cook County Circuit Court Judge PATRICK MORSE contended that the Chicago police seized the gun during an illegal search.
Congress in recent years has fixed minimum sentences for many drug offenses.
An article on Sept. 20 about new Federal requirements for drug and alcohol tests for transit workers included a statement, attributed to a New Jersey Transit official, suggesting that new alcohol tests will probably turn up a substantial number of people working under the influence, especially in rail operations.
When they do, mostly on weekends, it's to fish for carp along the Hudson River, shop at Bloomingdale's or visit museums.
The toll is swelling as a result of H.I.V., the virus that causes AIDS, which is estimated to have infected 14 million people, mainly in Africa and Asia, since it was first recognized in 1981.
The various story lines are only slightly easier to sort out than characters named McPhail, MacKenzie, Maclean, McShane and McNair.
Mr. Clarke's talents were much in demand in the art world.
I lived in Haiti for three and a half years.
Rather, most state bar associations have rules regulating such comment, California being one of the rare exceptions.
Sue Osthoff, director of the National Clearinghouse for the Defense of Battered Women in Philadelphia, contrasted Mr. Peacock's sentence with those imposed on battered women who killed their husbands -- dozens of whom, she said, are sentenced to 15 years or more.
Wash, trim and slice the scallions, and add to rice; continue cooking.
Ms. Loomer responds: "This play clearly comes out of my own experience.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
And this year's jury, including Clint Eastwood, the novelist Kazuo Ishiguro and Catherine Deneuve, is a typically mystifying mix.
He is married to the former Janet G. Tinsley, and they have three children.
And so, his tenure must, in the end, be termed a failure.
Crumble the Roquefort over the top, sprinkle with walnuts and a little more pepper and serve.
B16 Rockets win the West.
The question is whether we will be as desperate for total communication as we once were for television and still are for wheels.
Cocoa prices declined despite a report from a top producer, the Ivory Coast, that its cocoa crop was smaller than expected.
In Britain, he notes, professional soccer clubs compete in A and B divisions, much the way American baseball is divided into the major and minor leagues.
The trip took two hours each way, but they had made a day out of it.
Ten years ago, Mr. Kanda said, there was almost no sharing of components among models.
Some of them never were."
He expects to receive another 753,583 shares through a second distribution scheduled to take place under the reorganization plan.
All I have to do is get a fly ball?
"Our plan will make network radio easier to buy and use."
There are also occasional calls from out of state, some reporting a drug shipment or a fugitive en route to Morris County.
Caroline Quartararo, Mr. Pataki's spokeswoman, said she did not know of any deals by the Pataki camp to enlist Mr. Marino's support.
Through Nov. 20, Boston Museum of Fine Arts.
But Mr. Caruso is fighting to delay the city arbitration as long as possible through court challenges.
Made for a younger audience, it is a candied fable about faith and daddies wrapped up in ribbons and bows and served on a banana-split platter.
"What I could stomach added up to 41," said Max B. Sawicky, public finance specialist at the Economic Policy Institute, a liberal-oriented research organization, when asked for his list of options to reach a score of 100.
France Presses Bosnia The Foreign Minister of France put pressure on Bosnia for a negotiated peace as the Serbs handed over a few weapons to peacekeepers.
He graduated from Williams College.
Mr. Keefe and other analysts say that the announcement may be the beginning of other cutbacks in the industry.
There's a lot to be said for this, but not by people who expect their Social Security checks to keep coming, or by companies that expect their Federal subsidies to keep flowing, or, for that matter, by every living citizen except those devoted to pure conservative principles.
Here are the prescient first notices of the I.B.M.
-------------------- PRECIOUS METALS FALL (By The Associated Press) -- The sharp drop in oil prices yesterday also dragged down precious metals, as some inflationary pressures abated.
Fleeing residents choked the streets of Grozny, the capital of the Chechnya republic.
Took Command at 33 Their leader was Gen. Paul Kagame, who had just turned 33 when he took command of the rebel army in October 1990.
"There are also two pilot lights," Mr. Ellison said.
He is importing a Tuscan chef, Angelo Redditi, from Castelfranco di Sopra near Florence, to do the cooking.
That would further outrage many journalists who are already convinced that newspapers like the giant USA Today have already been pandering to the lowest common denominator and have substituted sugar coating for serious coverage.
By contrast, Mr. Markman said the long-term potential for the Pacific Rim is strong, except for Japan, where fundamentals are very negative.
For information or reservations: (212) 825-1900 or (914) 424-4149.
State officials approved $281,065 today to bail out Operation Guns for Goods, the gun exchange that proved so successful it immediately broke the bank.
Especially in bad times, the system needs innovation and new ideas, and people are resistant to that.
There is an application procedure and processing fee of $15.
Mr. Garcetti said he asked Judge Mills to question grand jurors today because of the release this week of the tapes of 911 calls made by Nicole Simpson on October 25 after Mr. Simpson broke down the back door to her house.
Those were the words of Marilyn French in her 1977 novel, "The Women's Room," which placed its heroine, Mira, at Harvard in 1968 as a mature student relearning life from a feminist perspective.
He will be heard from yet.
Shane Tinling helped lead the way, as he rushed 12 times for 97 yards, including a 71-yard scoring scamper.
"I guess I think it's over and I hope it's over," she said afterward.
Traders reported a shortage of West Texas intermediate oil supplies to satisfy futures contracts for July delivery that expire on Tuesday.
His miming was eloquent as Tuesday's Florimund, establishing the character as an imaginative dreamer whose initial hesitation toward Aurora was for once perfectly understandable.
But the News made sure there was one copy, and Mr. Beame has made sure there is still an office to hang it in.
But that was also the year, Zausner added, that his academy was almost the center of the tennis universe, excluding Sweden.
She graduated from the University of Richmond, as did her husband, and received a master's degree in sociology from New York University.
In speaking with reporters, one of the lead prosecutors, Marcia Clark, later denied that Mr. Camacho had been told he could give interviews.
Bosley Crowther of The New York Times said his performance "puts to shame the surface posturing of some of our more popular stars."
In 1884, he wrote in a letter explaining his work, "Several years before I went to Europe, I had begun to see that elaborateness in detail did not gain me meaning."
Dallas gained 323 total yards, Washington 110.
On the eve of the Civil War, in 1860, the fervor to secede from the Union was so intense on the island that one of its planters, Col. Joseph E. Jenkins, told a secessionist meeting, "Gentlemen, if South Carolina does not secede from the Union, Edisto Island will."
Gone are the traditional hawks and doves.
According to Bokelberg, who heard the story from the dealers, the photographs had belonged to a noble Bavarian family.
Ms. Chute has also imported a representative of "THEM," a very rich family, the Currys, who inhabit a luxuriously restored spread.
The tiny dream house was bought and completed by a Milwaukee family, one of whose members lived in it for six years with a pack of Afghan hounds.
Some accountants, lawyers and charity personnel have been led to believe, evidently with the encouragement of the I.R.S., that someone buying at a charity auction cannot qualify for a deductible donation by bidding more than the fair market value of an object or service.
The Gallery, a triple cube room, 72 by 24 feet, was built to display the family's acquisitions, which overflow into the Cabinet Room, the State Bedroom and the Octagon Room.
After NATO air strikes last week, the Serbs have continued their attacks without any NATO response.
For accommodations in Fredericksburg, the best bet is to contact either Bed and Breakfast of Fredericksburg, 307 West Main Street, Fredericksburg, Tex., 78624, (210) 997-4712, or Gastehaus Schmidt, (210) 997-5612, which represent dozens of guesthouse and "Sunday house" rentals ranging from log cabins to gingerbread Victorians.
The daughter of one of Ho Chi Minh's guerrilla disciples, she volunteered at age 20 to go to the front lines in what the Vietnamese called "the War Against the Americans" and stayed there for a decade.
He came into the league as a sixth-round draft choice and made $2 million last year.
By definition, it should be detailed, long and arduous, given the site Noranda has chosen.
"They have energized, not diminished, the spirits of these caucuses," Mr. Mfume said of Tuesday's action.
The Council, which approved its plan 43 to 5, has 10 working days, until Dec. 9, to override the Mayor's veto, as it did in the case of the privatization bill, but not the vendors legislation.
So did Milt Hinton's old bass case, which looks like a World War I vintage tank, thousands of pounds of sheet music and Louis Armstrong's handwritten autobiography, in brilliant green ink.
But while most nursing homes are following this trend to what the industry calls subacute care, the shift has been especially profitable for a handful of relatively small companies.
I lead teams that try to solve problems and worry about the financial consequence."
"We spin every day," said Ms. Hauser, looking down a table in the Loeb Student Center at club members picking at slices of mushroom pizza.
Stocks were also buoyed by a resurgence of takeover speculation in drug and food companies, traders said.
It was an auspicious beginning to the New York City Ballet's weeklong run of the work.
I haven't sensed one game when we were flat.
Each rating point represents 942,000 homes.
The most ambitious and the most thematically unified of these three books is "The Private Lives of Albert Einstein," by Roger Highfield and Paul Carter, two British journalists.
In a statement, the New York-based group Human Rights in China said the eldest son of Deng Xiaoping, China's paramount leader, Deng Pufang, who is handicapped and uses a wheelchair, had initially intervened in Mr. Fang's case, asking him to promise not to speak to foreign journalists if he was allowed to take part.
"Don't get sucked into the details," he told them.
Instead, the moment was seized by Lowell P. Weicker Jr., a former Republican Senator who ran as an independent, garnering 41 percent of the vote to Mr. Rowland's 39 percent.
It is how many copies of a children's book a publisher now has to sell to keep it alive.
Put Congress in the loop.
When "Riff-Raff," the plotless story of building contractors in London, opened in New York last year, it was advertised as "A New Comedy by Ken Loach .
BARBETTA * (212) 246-9171; 321 West 46th Street; $$$$; all major credit cards The town-house setting at this Northern Italian restaurant is stunning, with its 18th-century Piedmontese crystal chandelier dominating the grand main dining room, silk drapes, brocade-upholstered chairs and tuxedoed waiters.
As he stood outside a Socialist campaign rally, with two friends nodding in agreement, he seemed to sum up much of the disillusionment here.
It was for that reason that lawyers at the Federal Trade Commission toyed two years ago with the idea of breaking Microsoft into two companies.
Television announcements will try to convince young people to send in their responses by July 31, and the committee has promised to present its report in September.
Through clever manipulation, he has managed to cling to power through two elections by splintering and out-foxing the opposition, based largely on southern tribes like the Ewe.
"It's always nice to be appreciated."
The release said small companies and those owned by women and minority-group members would be solicited in the bidding process for as much as $400 million in city work that has not in the past been available to them.
Nearly two weeks after a major earthquake brought normal life to a standstill here, three strong aftershocks rattled the city early this morning, causing a new round of slightly damaged highways, collapsed walls and frazzled nerves.
"And she said, 'My God, you're living in a small town in West Texas.
That's why when you hear his voice, he's like a fresh burst of summertime."
"And I went looking for an apartment."
Vess, which operates a bottling and canning plant in St. Louis and distributes soft drinks and spring water, had revenues of $50 million last year.
But Mr. Miki, the lawyer on the advisory panel, said the practice might be permissible under some circumstances, just as making copies of a copyrighted work is allowed in some situations.
In the Republic of the Congo, adultery is illegal for women, but not for men.
In the Fourth, Mr. Ma is developing a concept based on the architectural drawings of Piranesi with Francois Girard, who directed "Thirty-Two Short Films About Glenn Gould."
C13 Television: Facts and fantasies about AIDS.
(Talk about a closed loop!)
RADHEYA MATHEWS, a special education student.
All the actresses belong to various tribes and several are sisters in real life, so their credentials would appear to be in order.
Having witnessed a great many horrors, Mr. Brown is much aware of the folly of others, and the book is punctuated with sermonettes on things like smoke alarms and the Heimlich maneuver.
You quote a Chase Manhattan executive who notes that employees respond when a company trusts them to dress themselves.
Northwest, the fourth-largest carrier in the country, said the cheaper fares were good for travel in all 50 states; Canada; Cancun, Mexico; San Juan, P.R., and Montego Bay, Jamaica.
In short, the true believers want him made an unperson.
And violations were found at several buildings.
Nations have agreed to a treaty to phase out the use of chlorofluorocarbons by 2000.
She checked their command of the English language through conversation and testing.
Or will it draw some kind of line, declare that enough is enough and allow Mr. Berlusconi to proceed?
"Daddy," as she called Hayton, who died in 1972, helped her put together the definitive nightclub act.
"I never thought about quitting," he said.
The depth of an offshore platform must be understood as a separate measurement from the depth of the oil wells feeding into it.
The 243-pound running back especially earned his nickels in an early fourth-quarter drive that turned into a late fourth-quarter drive.
At the Ikea store in Elizabeth, N.J., last week, Tom Dickinson, a plant manager, and his wife, Marie, a homemaker, and their two children were among the throngs of shoppers.
Mr. McDougal claims this report vastly overstates the Clintons' losses.
Another probably painless change would be to permit insurance plans created for associations -- like those of lawyers, for instance -- to continue even if new ones were barred in an effort to prevent young, healthy people from clustering together in an insurance pool.
Mr. Kunstler then took up Ruby's case on appeal.
To the new theorists, a novel or poem was about the nature of language, society's patterns of oppression and power -- anything but the author's intentions.
Oh yes, and then there's the spa, which my wife, Mary Bounds, and I visited in February and again in April.
Tampa Fans Send a Message Tampa Bay fans might have been sending a signal to the three-man trust handling the sale of the team or they might have been bidding farewell to the team.
"It feels good to come through and do something positive for the team."
They arrived to find that the vote was done and so was the deal.
Kathy Larson-Gutowski was chewing her tuna salad the other day and reminiscing about the year she was away.
The event is free, and refreshments will be served.
A history since World War I of the peninsula where fighting is now going on in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Israeli Army has ringed the town with roadblocks and declared it a closed military area, deepening a sense of isolation.
SATURDAY: The group's base in New York is a nondescript building on 125th Street, but its influence reaches much farther.
She is responsible for the evening's hottest moment, incited by her denial of credit to the women's movement for the 19th Amendment.
Senator Lautenberg said the Treasury Department had told him that the agreement would create 18,000 jobs in New Jersey, though outside experts said they were mystified about how the Administration was making such calculations.
Harlem Apartment Is Set Up The arrests yesterday sprang from a police sting operation in the 30th Precinct that began last June at a West 139th Street apartment.
She has sung at the Grand Parade du Jazz inNice for five years and has performed throughout Europe.
Between them few sparks fly.
For now, Mr. Brandenberger, despite his historic transaction yesterday, will be paying with plain old dollars, when he gets his credit card bill.
AST still expects sales growth of 60 percent, he added.
Total revenues rose 8.25 percent, to $2.6 billion.
Police officials said community police officers hired as part of the Safe Cities Safe Streets program receive one day of community policing orientation training at the Police Academy and then have a second day of training in problem solving, including community organizing, crime prevention and investigative skills.
Yet the 14-year-old Peter Leko of Hungary, who has just become the youngest grandmaster ever, has already mastered the difficult skill needed to impede the enemy's attacking chances and to throw him back.
Jose Rosa raced 54 yards on an end-around for Hayes's other long run.
"The following day, Bob did one better," he said.
Toy guns can appear so real that they are used in hundreds of actual crimes.
There is a daily train direct from Rome to Pompeii each morning and one from Pompeii direct to Rome in the afternoon.
City, state and center officials seem to agree that the nearly $1 million indebtedness is the result of a history of poor financial management.
This Sunday, as classical music plays in the background, families can create budding branches from fallen winter ones that Ms. Reynolds has collected, using silk thread and paper leaves, with papier-mache birds.
She is a fellow in endocrinology, with a specialty in the reproductive sciences, at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston.
A series of small anti-American protests has also been held in advance of Mr. Clinton's visit, with demonstrators contending that the United States should do more to clean up toxic wastes left behind at the Subic base and at Clark Air Base, which was abandoned by the United States after the eruption of Mount Pinatubo in 1991.
The chief financial officer of Skoda, Volkhard Koehler, said the company planned to reduce its work force to 15,000 people, from about 18,000, in the next few years by moving employees from the main plant in Mlada Boleslav, near Prague, to new service and supply companies.
Ms. Maggin, 24, is keeping her name.
'Making Good Moves' Likewise, while Mr. Compton's push to cut jobs and expenses has earned him a reputation as a task-master, it has not brought the accolades that come with success.
Profit from the sale of the stables and other items is donated to several charities.
3, there is no credible evidence and no credible charge that I violated any criminal or civil Federal law eight or nine years ago, when most of these facts that are being bandied around are discussed.
Woods, the first black man to win the world's most prestigious amateur tournament, battled back from the abyss.
Without charges, earnings were $1.475 billion, or $2.97 a share.
"We maintained our blocks," he said.
A dozen, maybe fewer, would be enough for a bomb, officials said, although some chemical processing would be needed first.
The company, based in Palo Alto, Calif., is estimated to have about 24 percent of the $10 billion workstation market.
The Honduran Foreign Minister, Ernesto Paz Aguilar, said his Government would take up to 5,000 refugees.
"But we just couldn't sustain it.
A 12-year police veteran was arrested yesterday in Brooklyn and charged with petty larceny and misconduct when he took $700 that had been placed in a car a test by the police department's Internal Affairs unit.
It is the brainchild of Stephen K. Scher, former chairman of the art department at Brown University, and has the benefit of the National Gallery's own extensive holdings of Renaissance portrait medals.
Tickets, $350, from (212) 704-2100.
Although Russia has warned NATO against air strikes, spokesmen have said the country does not oppose them "as a last resort" if they are used not to punish the Serbs but to protect United Nations troops.
It refers to just about anyone who has a few games on a workplace computer in addition to a spreadsheet and word processor.
Yes, Dr. Hue Hollins was in the house, even if he didn't make these particular calls.
The evening's most focused confrontations are between Ms. Alvare and Kathryn Kolbert, of the Center for Reproductive Law and Policy.
Art contests will include oil, acrylic and other media as well as color and black and white photography.
His coolly observed despair proved durable.
In it, Philby created a picture of himself as a cool, daring, nerveless, unflappable operator, who used only the driest deadpan understatement to describe his hairbreadth escapes, ingenious stratagems and clandestine coups.
GRANITE SLABS Blocks of granite, 6 by 8 feet, were quarried throughout New England and used for sidewalks in the downtown manufacturing neighborhoods of SoHo and TriBeCa.
Costumes, tutus and skirts, capes and doctor gear were piled up.
The framework of the latest agreement, reached in Zurich in March, provides that the Abu Dhabi shareholders contribute $1.8 billion to a global settlement fund.
But the blast sent jitters through a neighborhood with lingering memories of the World Trade Center bombing in February 1993.
"There are developers in garages everywhere turning out excellent games," he said.
Klutz Press, a publisher of interactive children's books, attacks back-seat boredom with a three-part package: a book with palm-reading techniques, magic tricks and string games; a pad of mazes, puzzles and dot games, and a pouch with felt pens, dice, string and parcheesi pieces.
Their value floats with interest rates.
Mrs. Cummins said in an interview that Mrs. Chan had invented the incident.
It did not seem to matter that they failed, that his magic dwindled, he got into fights, and his flesh turned to porridge as he aged, or that she fell into the arms of pills and alcohol.
"I've been in this business for 16 years and I've never heard of anything like this happening before," he said.
"I've had the problem for three days and today I paid for it.
Don't worry about how much siblings squabble.
Working under the constraints of their revenue, which is considerably less than the Yankees', MacPhail manages to build a winner not every year but often enough to make the Twins a successful franchise.
In the Kazan classic adapted from the novel by John Steinbeck, a rebellious son (James Dean) steals his brother's girlfriend (Julie Harris) and strives for his father's affection.
Mr. Pirre was subpoenaed but refused to testify, invoking his constitutional privilege against self-incrimination through his lawyer.
What I truly desire, not even the Gap can fulfill.
To the Editor: Regarding Amy M. Spindler's discovery of New York-style freedom on her in-line roller skates, as long as she conforms to the city's laws of vehicular traffic -- i.e., going where she needs to go through the streets and not upon the sidewalks where us poor pedestrians plod -- more power to her.
The Coast Guard is still searching for the crewmen, all experienced hands who had weathered far worse storms than Monday's, but the people of Gloucester are beginning to lose hope.
And even if rates were to go on some unimaginable wild ride -- the way they did earlier this year, for example -- there was still no reason to fret, according to the "for broker/dealer use only" sales material.
And I have received medical clearance to continue playing football.
Representative Bill McCollum, Republican of Florida, said, "It's still a bad bill."
"It also ordered the departure of dependents of U.S. diplomats and Government employees from Belgrade," the official said.
"It's beautiful now," the doctor says.
Marketing and R.& D. will need to be more tuned-in to consumers -- watching, listening and responding to their needs and ideas.
Now the two projects are suddenly about to become reality, with renovation of the northern playground expected to begin in about six months, when the southern playground is finished.
"A week or two weeks ago," Selig said, "hope springs eternal and you keep focusing on trying to reach a settlement.
In June, the company's investment bankers had estimated $265 million to $300 million of extra income.
Pete Wilson of California, eulogy President Clinton, eulogy Rev.
Mature trees in a forest setting can be 50 feet tall, but dwarf or compact species have great landscape appeal.
"They would love computer-based home businesses to come to Southold," Ms. Watson said.
While his predecessors have been seen as mere stewards of a backwater bureaucracy, Mr. Lehman has leveraged his perch into a central policy-making role.
Their job will be to restore the financially strapped airline, which hopes in the next four months to complete a new business plan, negotiate agreements with labor unions and restructure debt obligations.
They had been to "other resorts," in Asia, managed by the same chain, Amanresorts.
ILLINOIS STATE -- Named Chris Hoover women's tennis coach.
The great fear in Burundi.
And, said Jackson, "There's something morally degenerate about having more opportunity for our youth in jails than in neighborhood recreation facilities," pointing out that kids can play all kinds of sports behind bars, but that Washington only boasts two active ball fields, no bowling alleys and no Olympic-size pools.
And now there is the United States Open of tennis, and college football, and starting yesterday there was Italian soccer on Sunday morning television in New York City, and all over this gristly 7-11 beer-belly land of ours, there were these mammoth bulked-up brutes plying their trade on national television.
"I WANT YOU TO WRITE A LETTER," a stern Uncle Sam commands Mr. Scott's staff from a poster near his office in the company's headquarters in Louisville, Ky.
"It showed us that this was a good idea."
"She's a tough cookie," Ms. Harris said.
The ticker tape at a New York parade in 1951 is photographed as it explodes like a skein of Pollock's paint above the city streets.
Auto Racing DICK SIMON RACING -- Named Hiro Matsushita and Eliseo Salazar 1995 PPG Indycar World Series drivers and David La Croix and Diego Guzman Indy Lights drivers.
When the campaign ends Feb. 28, the proceeds will be distributed among seven charities that are facing tight budgets because of cuts in government aid and a decline in donations.
In New York, a Federal judge disqualified two of the city's most aggressive lawyers, William M. Kunstler and Ronald L. Kuby, from any role in the World Trade Center bombing-conspiracy trial of Sheik Omar Abdel Rahman and 12 others next month.
In the 1930's, he and a colleague at Caltech, Beno Gutenberg, devised a standardized system for measuring ground motion to calculate an earthquake's magnitude.
The United States Olympic Committee said that the team had to be named by Jan. 31.
"The focus was more architectural than community planning," he said.
No such request was made to the United States agency responsible for the Prime Minister's security or to anyone else.
" Farm Crisis Spreads To Rest of Economy The farm crisis has rippled through the economy with amazing speed.
He had also left a note apologizing to his parents and the department for any disgrace he might have brought them.
To recognize such differences is not to defend Lenin, but rather to clarify what to indict him for.
Beverly Sills will be the evening's host.
Woolworth is considered one of the two toughest turnaround situations in retailing, besides the Kmart Corporation.
The heartbreaking tangle beneath their relationship is not revealed until the final scenes.
He was suspended and also faces departmental charges.
A heat wave in New York.
View it as a transfer program, and the idea of providing benefits only to those who need them is obvious.
Mrs. Marchese, meantime, was ordered to the family's ground-level garage and told to open the door, Mr. Minor said.
Most analysts said Detroit might have been able to hold more of its share if it had been able to produce more cars.
The four boxes are worth an estimated $250,000, the police said.
Eventually, though, the company hopes that cellular telephone makers will license the technology for building the display system into the phone itself.
That's not just unneccessary, it's immoral."
"She already has the shots, but she's still not a real tough player, and that's what's missing.
"This is a company that's had trouble growing up," he said.
Its aim was to isolate the biological effects of cigarette smoke and to help identify which parts of the smoke were dangerous, so they might be removed.
A headline yesterday about a call for Congress to rewrite the rules on the cleanup of polluted nuclear arms factories referred incorrectly in some editions to the source of the request.
And maybe some ideas are just plain parody-proof.
Mr. Anderson was found in a locker room at the Columbia Correctional Institution in Portage, while Dahmer was found in a pool of blood in a staff bathroom adjoining a basketball court.
Since then, the league suggested that the season begin under an agreement "along the lines" of its last proposal while an audit is done on the books of the 26 teams.
'Almost Unlimited Energy' Long enjoyed excellent health.
b-After a loss of $ 1,022,000, or 63 cents a share, from discontonued operations, which included income of $ 196,000, and loss of $ 1,218,000 on sale of Telautograph net assets, in the quarter.
A20 SPY AGENCY MAKES APOLOGY Testifying in public, officials from the top-secret spy satellite agency apologized for concealing the budget for their new headquarters.
Union leaders who negotiated the deal were subdued in their reaction yesterday.
Variety, music or comedy series: "Late Show With David Letterman," CBS.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide, the ousted President, to return.
The virus can be passed on through unprotected sexual intercourse, contaminated blood and shared syringes and from mother to child.
"It works here in Carlsbad because the town is middle to low income, and we charge $5 per carload," said Brad Light, the owner of the Fiesta Drive-in in Carlsbad, N.M., a theater that closed down in 1970 but reopened four years ago.
It also focuses on large areas of the Sound that have low dissolved oxygen levels and cannot support marine life and on some bay and harbor bottoms that are contaminated with toxic substances.
With the support of just 6.9 percent of the national electorate last Sunday, or 3.3 million voters, the Free Democrats will have less leverage than Mr. Kohl's Bavarian Christian Social Union allies, who won 3.4 million votes.
The shop hawking Final Four souvenirs and T-shirts at the corner of Third Street and South Tryon either occupies a building that used to house a financial institution, or it is the only T-shirt shop in history insured by the F.D.I.C.
Tomorrow's concert features Tabu Ley Rochereau, the Zairian singer, whose band can make a club go wild.
If the object of the crime bill is to reduce crime, this amendment would effectively do the opposite.
"I really have not wanted to be at all heavy-handed about trying to make this show be mine," he said.
Either the Pacers or the Knicks will be playing in the final round, which could send ratings plummeting.
Because of all the rumors of violence swirling around Proviso West, Janice Bennett sent her daughter to a parochial school her freshman year.
Both teams are struggling, with the Oilers having a 1-9 record.
Defense lawyers sought to raise questions about the prosecution's handling of the tests.
Mr. Levine's accompaniments were deferential and monochromatic; a pity really, because Schumann and Schubert lieder thrive best in a full collaboration.
"We might over-Americanize and they help us fine-tune.
(It will open in New York next Friday and around the country on Oct.
The National Basketball Association's longest season in history is not over just yet.
Also appearing: Trickbabys, Clowns for Progress, and N.Y.
John Starks overcame woeful shooting most of the game by making a pair of key 3-point shots in the final quarter.
That is true even though it is this relatively affluent male, not his blue-collar counterpart, who is far more likely to have a substantial cushion of savings to support early retirement if he wants.
To the Editor: It was surprising to read in your Nov. 8 article about Lubavitcher Hasidim that we are beginning to realize that "we have nobody to turn to, but ourselves."
In 1991, 2,515 people in the state were killed by firearms, and 2,228 were killed in crashes.
"I got some of her workouts a couple of years ago, but we made a lot of modifications," said Zhou, who usually works with sprinters.
The current owners say they have lost money the last three years.
"We need to spend some more time on what the service impacts are and if it's a matter of raising revenue in some way."
Even Bertha Bumiller, usually the soul of patience, is at her wits' end with her children.
And you have the same chance but don't take it.
Eventually, politicians are called in to resolve difficult questions -- to make a "political decision," in the parlance of negotiators.
In New York, How much is he worth?
The advantage is that you have complete liberty to design freehand: to draw at odd angles, create curved walls and sketch furniture you hope may end up in the Museum of Modern Art.
What this self-styled "Contract With America" says to voters is that these Republicans do not speak candidly.
That will require more energetic efforts by Washington.
To the Editor: The preliminary report on New York City's lifeguard operation by Public Advocate Mark Green is evidence of the need for investigative offices that are independent of the mayor (news articles, June 6 and 11).
That means the amount, called the margin, required on 12 such contracts would have been $14,400, far more than the $1,000 Mrs. Clinton had deposited in her account.
This was the case for nearly 5 million children, or 50.6 percent of young people in such blended families.
-- on whose behalf he speaks -- has declared an unconditional cease-fire in the 25-year struggle over Northern Ireland.
Shepherds rather than sheep, football buffs rather than football widows, fans of "L.A. Law" rather than "NYPD Blue."
"If you can find one person who would return to that Arab state in the making, I would join Izetbegovic's army today," he declared.
Instead, fragments of French and Spanish were hopelessly entangled.
The commission scaled back the project and returned some 42,000 square feet of the site.
But he conceded, "It will make our situation that much more complicated."
Wash, dry and trim excess fat from pork.
'The Same Language' "What's different now is that we're speaking the same language, literally," said Robert B. Porter, the Senecas' first Attorney General, a Harvard Law School graduate.
Mr. Roth was chairman of 20th Century Fox from 1989 to 1992 and then formed his own company, Caravan, at Disney Studios.
It moved to its present location, at 325 East 34th Street, 10 years later.
By 3:30 P.M., nearly two hours after the explosion, service had been restored on all lines except the Nos.
Some zero in quickly on the perfect plant.
The first set came down to a tie breaker, and again the serves made the difference.
is acting with greater urgency than most.
The direct guys figured this out first, the Gateways and the Dells."
That night he and his wife and their seven children fled to his native village, a few hours north.
Organizational leaders would benefit from changing how they evaluate the communication behaviors of women and rewarding those behaviors that enhance supportive climates.
But it was not until June that the Administration slapped on sanctions intended to hurt Haiti's economic elite, who have lent crucial support to the military leaders.
The delicate downward streaks look like long, dangling strands of tropical liana.
But his socialist legacy turned into an economic and political disaster.
* "A Tribute to African-American Contributions to Art and Culture."
One parent cheerfully wrote that she had just sent off a fax to Rush Limbaugh, who did in fact give the issue a few minutes of air time.
New Fashion District The white-suit cleaners belong to the new Fashion Center Business Improvement District, which celebrated its beginning yesterday with Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, Donna Karan and apparel industry executives.
Despite this constrictive interest, Hare was by all accounts a vivid, energetic man, and something of this energy comes across in the New York Studio School show.
Powers in January that it was not going to publish the book.
The legislation sent to Mr. Clinton today touches on one of the foggier aspects of First Amendment law, some of which is before the Supreme Court at this moment.
Another parent, Scherisse Gibson, runs a Daisy and Brownie troop out of the family room.
ARTHUR W. STOWE The writer is president of River Park Apartments in Milford.
To make the juice, heat the teaspoon of olive oil in a medium-size saucepan over low heat.
Jazz can sustain only a few high-profile young figures at a time, and rarely more than one on the same instrument.
Some purists at the motion picture academy think that short films' dalliance with television places them outside Oscar contention.
The opening five-club bid forced some guessing, and Munir, known as Moonie, guessed right by raising five spades to six.
"We feel we got two solid players, two players with excellent character.
He said delivery of tickets would take place late in the first week of June.
In spite of geography, Harrison is not much different from the parched Kansas locale of "Picnic" by William Inge, one of Mr. Foote's contemporaries.
Holiday in all sorts of contexts, from live jazz sessions to small groups to orchestras.
First of all, the N.H.L.
The figures for worldwide market share encompass all portable personal computers, including laptops, notebooks, such as Apple's PowerBook, subnotebooks, hand-helds and expandable organizers, Dataquest said.
The company, Kempinski A.G., is owned by a variety of German and non-German stockholders, with the majority of shares held by a Frankfurt real estate concern.
The back seat of a limousine, empty except for a ceremonial bouquet of roses speckled with blood.
As if to prove him right about the risks of American dominance, the most prominent food vendors at a free restaurant set up for hundreds of journalists in the botanical gardens of Bogor were Wendy's, McDonald's, Kentucky Fried Chicken and Dunkin' Donuts.
Dr. Lonnie R. Bristow, the chairman of the medical association, said doctors and patients both suffered when insurers denied payment for medically necessary services and excluded competent doctors from their health care networks.
"As GTE makes investments and develops its networks to offer video, it sees significant opportunities that go beyond just the network and into content itself," Richard E. Robinson, president of GTE Interactive Media, said.
We saw drivers watching portable TV's.
The number of doctorates earned by blacks dropped by about 9 percent, to 951 in 1992 from 1,047 in 1982.
In recent interviews, American, Syrian and Israeli diplomats reported slow, unsteady but unmistakable progress in the indirect talks.
With the Atlantic 10 championship and the upper hand in an intense rivalry at stake, Williams helped the Minutemen grab hold of a passionate and unpredictably streaky game by making consecutive 3-point shots to stop a desperate, remarkable Temple rally.
Paul R. Dimond, the White House staff member most involved in planning Empowerment Zones, strikes a similar note: "I'm not saying it's going to succeed 100 percent.
On one occasion, a flight attendant designated to keep the pilot awake fell asleep.
Du Pont's global nylon business has annual sales of almost $4 billion.
FROM its incorporation in 1711 until the 1930's, Newtown's population, mostly farmers and artisans, never went past 3,000.
aged caseload in 1982 to over 25 percent of the caseload in 1992," it said.
And health warnings, mandated in cigarette advertising, were nowhere to be seen.
"This acquisition will accelerate D.B.N.A.
One difficulty with the complex story is that you are aware throughout from the lack of news outside the book that no major breakthroughs are going to occur in Vertex's quest for a new design, at least not in the time that the narrative covers.
Cummings & Lockwood, perhaps the area's largest law firm, Champion International and Lone Star Industries each put big blocks of space on the market for sublet.
Mario M. Cuomo -- throw them a life preserver.
Mr. Barre prefers the second option, since he said that otherwise people would think of the center as being under permanent repair.
They will also represent $134.5 million, or 84 percent, of Ziff's record operating income.
Instead of resisting, they began a course of diplomacy and "peacekeeping" that continues its gyrations to this day.
He makes his position clear enough.
He added that the auction house may not have to be reimbursed in cash, but instead could be paid back in assets belonging to the seller.
relieved NCNB of $8 billion in bad First Republic loans and the Government also gave NCNB a favorable tax ruling worth at least hundreds of millions of dollars.
"You hear 'em: 'Let's go Kovalev, let's go Leetch, let's go Richter.'
"We are not happy with what our extremists are doing to the Muslim minorities," he said.
They get lost in the enchantment of the 'Arabian Nights,' but slowly the reality of the situation starts to bleed, and the actor becomes more broken, more jagged in his effort to transport the audience to the 'Arabian Nights.'
"You didn't even open the door to these places, 'cause of all the snakes down there," Stephens says.
I'm very active and I tend to sometimes jump.
Her only regret is that her dad, who died on Christmas day 1989, did not live long enough to see her Olympic career blossom.
In the process, a cottage industry of print and multiple publishing was spawned.
Every day in the weeks before his father died, the boy with arms like matchsticks slowly pushed a heavy mop around the apartment, but a bad smell lingered.
His idea is to cover every uninsured child and every uninsured full-time worker in the country on July 1, 1995.
Mr. Sedaka, who now has homes in Manhattan, Los Angeles and Westport, Conn., was recently crowned King of Brooklyn and had his boyhood street named after him.
Girls from 31 Long Island schools visited the State University of New York at Stony Brook for a day of encouragement and exploration of academic disciplines that remain largely male bastions: the worlds of math and science.
But I'm hoping somebody else will go with him and we'll be there at the end."
Offering NATO membership and security guarantees to Poles, Czechs and Hungarians is tangential to meeting their felt needs.
So prodigious is the challenge that many Washingtonians have turned a cynical, even humorous eye toward her candidacy, wondering why she bothers.
Terms of the deal were not disclosed.
One major problem involves rice.
The average number of penalties in a college game is 14.
No timid diversification for Windsor, which in the halcyon 1980's attracted so much money that it has been closed to new investors since 1989.
Agriculture is an economic mainstay.
country just when people needed a diversion most, is hard to say.
The biggest and spashiest import is the new Sfuzzi, a stylish and theatrical spot that serves au courant northern Italian fare like individual pizzas, risottos and game.
Another group will meet in Berlin to discuss details of North Korea's request that the United States supply a modern, light water nuclear reactor to generate electricity and replace North Korea's existing nuclear facilities.
"The city should thank me for taking care of so many poor and homeless."
We haven't used them and don't plan to."
Gloucester is where the Massachusetts Bay Colony was founded, and it's one of New England's oldest ports, dating from 1623.
"I would love to live in that building."
Although very different as personalities -- Claribel was the more severe and independent, Etta the more garrulous and sociable -- they spent much of their time together and made several trips to Europe.
He tries hard to make prosecutions out of the reports.
"Maybe he is not damaged beyond salvation.
Attorney General John N. Mitchell suggested Mr. Friday, a Democrat.
He said the first submarine was shipped to North Korea last October and that nine more have gone since.
In those spots, by BBDO New York, Mr. Richards, a star of the NBC sitcom "Seinfeld," plays a "Professor Leotard" of the mythical Institute for Beverage Research.
The units, which already exist in about half the precincts in the city and are being established in the others, operate with officers in both civilian clothes and uniform.
"I was there," he remembered.
Since then, local leaders say, Federal agents have been "on the streets talking to people, going up and down President Street," as one put it, referring to the scene of the slaying.
It was his recovery of a fumble by the Buffalo Bills' Thurman Thomas and 46-yard return for a touchdown early in the second half that was the spark for the Dallas Cowboys' second straight title in Super Bowl XXVIII.
Coca-Cola occasionally adapts or broadens campaigns originally aimed at niche markets for mainstream use.
The gene produces an enzyme called UDP-glucuronosyltransferase, or UGT.
In this manner, the Court may find itself refereeing tangled questions like how much should the Government spend on AIDS research as compared with cancer research?
Ron Protas, the Graham troupe's artistic director, said he had assured the dancers on Friday that money was in hand.
"The fact that the Rebbe obviously passed away and is not in a position to be the redeemer has nothing to do with the concept of the redeemer himself," said Rabbi Weinberg.
Justice Kennedy's opinion cited the Court's commerce clause interpretations dating to the 1890's that prohibit economic protectionism on the part of state and local governments.
As he waited in vain for the land to dry this spring, clover and other weeds grew rapidly.
In effect, the United States has banged on the door and demanded to be admitted to a lucrative market.
Mr. Morris was shot once in the chest and once in the arm, said a spokeswoman for the police, Sandra Castello.
He added that negotiations would begin on the same day, Friday, to build the cease-fire into a "total cessation of hostilities" that would last for four months "or for a longer period if mutually agreed by both parties."
Prosecutors want to keep most of those samples, contending that a variety of DNA tests is the best way to get a conclusive finding.
County officials said that no concert would be held in its place and that access to the farm would be restricted by police officers.
Moynihan's drinking is a subject his friends and enemies raise matter-of-factly.
Richter was at his best when the Rangers were struggling to find their stride.
On Friday, in a desperate open letter his lawyer described as a suicide note, Mr. Simpson denied involvement in the slayings.
When they are at their best, he is all but invisible.
AmeriCares, Rwanda Relief, 161 Cherry St., New Canaan, Conn. 06840; (800) 486-HELP.
Others simply protect people who engage in a "lawful activity," which smoking is.
To get a grade of "passing," a new series must win its time slot with at least 20 percent of the viewing audience (a "20 share") and hold on to at least 80 percent of the audience watching the program immediately before it.
"We really think it's a logical focus of their limited resources in preserving the health of the industry," said Robert P. Schmermund, a spokesman for the Savings and Community Bankers of America, an industry group based here.
(A brief review in The New York Times Book Review last Sunday labeled his musings "unremarkable.")
Four members of Congress received more than $1 million from the health and insurance industry since that time.
"I committed myself, involuntarily, to dance at an early age, and this is how I communicate," he says.
Carroll said defensive tackle Tony Casillas, who played part time against the Browns only three days after joining the Jets as a free agent, would start against the Colts.
I fail to see any logical connection between what I said and what the reviewer concludes.
Despite its strong balance sheet and its cash, analysts doubt Merry-Go-Round will be able to re-engineer its business by the end of the year.
"Sometimes as quickly as we fix those phones, people come by and vandalize them again," he said.
Ms. Norris was the first female chief executive in the National Hockey League and is the only woman whose name is engraved on the Stanley Cup.
Work will begin this month on a project to transform the corner, Frawley Circle, from a dusty traffic snarl to a true circle filled with trees and a fitting home for a grand statue dedicated to one of the legends of Harlem, Duke Ellington.
Microsoft responded by issuing a clarification of A.P.
But until he departed late Friday for his home in the suburb of Tabarre, he had left the palace grounds for only one public event in the two weeks since his return and has only occasionally been seen or heard on television or radio.
2 3 37 MEN ARE FROM MARS, WOMEN ARE FROM VENUS, by John Gray.
The result: bleak dormitories with six to eight students crammed to a room; teaching material typed by hand and run off on archaic mimeograph machines, and libraries pathetically short of up-to-date books and periodicals.
But this is by no means a "last legs" award, insisted the actor Keir Dullea, who headed the committee that thought up the first annual Connecticut Artist Awards as an ongoing opportunity to add to the coffers of Stamford Theater Works, a seven-year-old 150-seat not-for-profit regional theater with a $250,000 annual operating budget.
Mortimer took second in 15:04.
His mother is a bookkeeper at New England Dairies in West Hartford.
He is not the only defense lawyer recently to challenge the Government and law on this subject.
Tina Brown held a drink while leaning against a wall under a gilded sconce restored by Russian artisans.
"They just clobbered them," he said.
Love me, love my sofa."
"Some people have given up on political solutions and are following black nationalists like Louis Farrakhan."
A tenfold reduction in dose would produce much more than a tenfold reduction in cancer risk."
Alone and with his three-person backing band, Mr. Jackson played Chopin esque piano nocturnes and two-chord guitar rock, Afro-Caribbean grooves and Celtic-flavored folk.
By the standards of those investments, Mr. Koether's average cost of $2.08 a share seems positively huge.
Mr. Spelling, who speaks in the soft drawl of his hometown, Dallas, says he has "gotten very intrigued" with the post-baby-boom generation, and this is why he keeps making series filled with wrinkle-free faces.
But the plan given the Mayor seems shaped by politics rather than a sensible, coherent approach to improving schools.
She finished third in the national championships and a disappointing fourth at the Olympics in Albertville, France, after which she left Teachman and rejoined Rawlinson.
Most of them had been trapped on upper floors as black smoke billowed round them.
Governor Florio's spotlighting the mess comes three years and 51 weeks too late.
The stories of two women unfold here: that of Anna Asta, an enigmatic Scandinavian-born actress whose life resembles Greta Garbo's in virtually every detail, and that of Ivy Cook, her Caribbean maid.
It's not easy to beat him in three straight sets."
RICHARD K. MANOFF New York, Jan. 7, 1994 The writer is author of "Social Marketing: New Imperative for Public Health."
Cliffs of plowed and piled snow that lack handholds or footholds have to be scaled to reach certain stacks of trash.
In the first Philips recording of the G-major (Op.
As in his Spenser novels, Mr. Parker's dialogue is blunt and to the point: "God have mercy," says the priest of the church where the sexually molested girl is found.
Those feelings were reflected in a statement by Patrick T. Stokes, president of Anheuser-Busch in St. Louis.
The stock price is up about 17 percent, from $50.375 when Mr.
"At one point on the road a pickup approached with three soldiers," Mr. Roberts said.
And the article misstated the period in which Vernon Castle was part of the dance team that introduced the Castle Walk.
Even that measurement has stayed almost constant during Mr. Cuomo's tenure.
Massimo Stoppa, the Vatican's chief engineer, said that further deterioration of the frescoes would be limited, despite the tens of thousands of visitors that view them each year, because an air-conditioning system to control temperature and humidity was donated by the Carrier Corporation and installed last year.
The others also had multiple careers.
By 1929 he was in Chicago, playing with Irving Aaronson's Commanders.
Pouncing on Pippen More important, Mason and Charles Smith teamed on defense to basically take the All-Star Game's most valuable player, Scottie Pippen, out of the game.
The Dow Jones industrial average plunged 96.24 points, or 2.43 percent.
's Microelectronics division will become a primary manufacturer of 486-compatible microprocessors designed by Cyrix.
Sierra On-Line has just released its six-game King's Quest series on two CD-ROM's.
"If I were 30 and not married, I might feel a little funny around friends that were," said Amy Hughes, 13, of Albuquerque, N.M., "but then I'd go to work and have a nice apartment that wouldn't be all messy, and I wouldn't have to share the bathroom.
Tom Ray, a longtime lawyer here and a prominent Democrat, said the judge's integrity was beyond dispute.
The officer was reportedly shot in the neck, and a man was seen running from the scene shortly after.
They displayed a minor talent for colorful description but none, alas, for punch lines.
He decided a radical new approach was needed.
"Webb's announcement severs the last tie," he said.
Will Barnes & Noble make reparations?
It comes two weeks after Schools Chancellor Ramon C. Cortines established an independent panel of businessmen to study ways to bring reform to the board's vast bureaucracy to manage, maintain and repair the system's buildings.
THE concern about the amount of fat in the diet has led people who care deeply about good food to make certain sacrifices.
Knowing the arms of the opposing outfielders and the relay men.
Mr. Lucente will become executive-in-residence at the Carnegie-Mellon Graduate School of Industrial Administration in Pittsburgh, the company said in a statement.
"In Perry, they have someone who can do the job and do it very well," Harold Brown, the Secretary of Defense during the Carter Administration, said in a telephone interview today.
He is fighting South Africa's Francois Botha in June.
Some even live in dry sections in the tunnels.
"There hasn't been a budget that's been presented that did not have risks."
Three components of foot quickness are measured: raw motor speed, agility and reaction time.
In addition, in the last three years Mr. Goizueta received a total of $1.38 million as part of the company's long-term incentive plan.
-- and some of Juan Sanchez's montaged images deal with the struggle for Puerto Rican independence.
But games like the Bayou Classic have maintained the tradition and heritage of each school.
"I realized who Bill Monroe was -- that he left home in 1929 and went on the road and that he had been doing that for 50 years.
After a galling loss to Atlanta last Monday, Beard accused his team of quitting and could not understand why his players kept committing mental error after mental error with no remorse.
John Kelly tries to rescue prisoners held in North Vietnam.
Continental flies into St. Martin in the Netherlands Antilles; St. Thomas and St. Croix in the Virgin Islands; Montego Bay, Jamaica, and Santo Domingo, the Dominican Republic.
"The Turn of the Screw" is one of several works in which Britten explores the corruption of innocence and the subversive power of sexuality.
But it's not enough, he says.
Drawing on his acting and mime studies with Stella Adler, Marcel Marceau and the National Shakespeare Conservatory, Mr. Kane weaves his solo performances out of literary classics, myths, original stories and folklore.
On the one hand, a defendant is normally entitled to be represented by a lawyer of his choice, and Mr. El-Gabrowny said at a hearing earlier this week that he wanted to be represented by the Kunstler firm regardless of the conflicts of interest.
The New York Stock Exchange Composite index rose 1.24 to 254.20.
Perhaps more Americans will be watching, too.
The number is (212) 517-0564.
The Lacroix clothes are for a special woman, one who wants to feel all eyes on her when she enters a room.
Her menu usually consists of "pizza, pasta, grilled cheese and tomatoes and clementines."
Brown has struggled greatly as the Giants have lost four straight games.
"This is going to be a landmark decision that will pave the way for a radical restructuring of the electric power industry," said Michael Foley, a spokesman for the National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners.
McMillan seems to have a radar for which cars are going to turn into the clinic.
An additional $625,000 will provide retroactive pension benefits to those who are hired and complete probation.
The first person I looked for was Beebe."
His left "nub," as he adoringly calls it, was all bone and a close rendition of a club.
Along with Manet, Cezanne, Degas, Frederic Bazille and Renoir, they defined what the critic Edmond Duranty in the 1870's called New Painting -- and what we call early modern art.
And amazingly, some Dallas players said the same thing.
$25 or $30 one way for boatload, depending on the size.
In response, most of the double deckers have been diverted to 14th Street, a commercial thoroughfare, or West 11th Street, another residential strip.
Some economists said the bigger deficit suggested that the net export sector could turn out to be more of a drag on first-quarter growth than people were expecting.
13 Michigan (8-2) at Ann Arbor.
As an indication of her influence on other artists, a selection of sculptures by Mary Callery and Juan Hamilton, two friends of O'Keeffe's, are also on view.
We will see further waves over the next few years.
Wal-Mart, which prides itself on an image of clean living, is now embroiled in a case over two co-workers in Upstate New York who were dating.
That suggests that the coiner of trophy wife, who originally gave the term a connotation of accomplishment and business acumen, now sees the primary sense as emphasizing a lean pulchritude.
He cited two trials in which, he believes, prosecutors prevailed precisely because they associated themselves with victims: the rape prosecution of Mike Tyson and the Federal trial of the four Los Angeles police officers who beat Rodney G. King.
In an almost unheard-of rejection of one of the most coveted prizes on Wall Street, an investment banker at Goldman, Sachs & Company has declined a partnership offer -- a virtual guarantee of wealth.
'You don't want to play my music.
It was the site of Army Hospital No.
It was initially reported in a trade newsletter, The Delaney Report, which estimated billings at $10 million to $15 million.
They are among the hundreds of people who have contributed to The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund in order to do something very much in keeping with the spirit of the fund itself: to "turn sorrow and pain into positive action," in the words of one contributor.
The Democrats are eager to prove that the oratory from the 1992 campaign about eliminating paralysis between the White House and the Democratic-controlled Congress was not empty.