Gerard Schwarz was referee and conductor, drawing scarcely ruffled performances from the orchestra, with Jon Manasse a smooth clarinet soloist.
Issues like nonpartisan elections and land-use changes are not dead, though; Mr. Mastro said yesterday that he hoped the commission would continue studying them for another year.
''I am reversing a policy of denial of compensation,'' Mr. Richardson said.
4:15:03 13967 Stoeser, K, 41F .
''It is very, very difficult to concentrate,'' he said.
Loving sister of Sylvia Orloff and Alvin Lorberfeld.
If your passion is racing on wheels, find a parking spot in Akron, Ohio, home of the Soap Box Derby Hall of Fame, where legendary soap boxers are honored and vehicles are on display during the one-week racing season in July.
The critic Gary Indiana was also occasionally mentioned.
One case concerned patents, one of the few subjects on which the Constitution gave absolute power to the Federal Government.
It took Mr. Banwell 12 weeks in a British hospital to recover fully.
Under his guidance as chief executive, AMC has begun to develop huge theater entertainment centers in once-rundown urban neighborhoods, from Times Square in New York City to ''beautiful downtown Burbank'' in California, once the butt of television talk-show jokes.
Cameron's 1872 photograph ''Time Was'' is at right.
Tell her to put up her racquet or something.''
Advisor, teacher, community leader and visionary.
Westlinks, referring to its offers as ''multiple, simultaneous, hostile takeover bids,'' said it was not looking to take full control of any of the targets but wanted to provide investors with a chance to invest in a broad range of oil companies.
He said 80 percent of the country's 128 million eligible voters had registered for the election.
The Yankees are a half game ahead of Boston in the American League East, but three and one-half games better than the Seattle Mariners, who are running in second place for the wild card behind the Red Sox.
Such appeals are instituted, Mr. Steinberg said, because a reduced assessment results in a lower property tax bill.
One of Mr. Senter's clients, a 35-year-old cosmetic surgeon who would speak only on condition that he not be identified, said that his house helped him cope with the stresses of his work.
Q: What's the linchpin of your wardrobe?
He underwent surgery April 20 to remove a bone spur and repair a damaged triceps tendon.
ENIGMA VARIATIONS Donald Sutherland plays a reclusive author on a Norwegian island who is visited by a journalist eager to unravel the secret of his love life, in this new two-hander by Eric-Emmanuel Schmitt.
''Opposing this would be like saying that mom doesn't deserve flowers on Mother's Day,'' Mr. Curran said.
''The nuances of continuing to govern are best left to others, not me.''
Salmon with a horseradish crust, one of his signature dishes, is excellent, as is Moroccan-spiced loin of lamb.
Representative John D. Dingell of Michigan, chief sponsor of the Democratic bill, expressed suspicion that the Republicans were presenting a package of individual bills instead of one comprehensive measure to clear the way for only the least controversial bills to pass.
Some esthetes find sprinklers hideous.
And there was Larry Johnson, hobbled and hurting, his numbers and production suffering.
''Racine was a lesser genius and therefore more precise and more limited.
* ''ONLY THE BEST: MASTERPIECES OF THE CALOUSTE GULBENKIAN MUSEUM, LISBON,'' Metropolitan Museum of Art, 82nd Street at Fifth Avenue, (212) 879-5500 (through Feb. 27).
Mr. Borden said the determination of prosecutors to try his client in both federal and state courts led to Mr. Smith's guilty plea, under which some lesser state charges were dropped.
In delivering a 50,000-item inventory ranging from Palm organizers to gift certificates at the restaurant Daniel, Urbanfetch.com ''has a strictly enforced no-tipping policy,'' said Ross L. Stevens, the company's chief executive, ''because customers are uncomfortable about how much to tip on a DVD player,'' he said.
On the question of race, for example, the club itself was segregated until 1991, and Owen says it ''was certainly part of the culture that for decades made golf virtually unapproachable for black players.''
By 3 P.M., Mr. Schlesinger had gone through all the lots, and the crowd began lining up to pick up the items they had bought.
The stock closed at $:7.24, down 21.5 pence, or 3 percent.
Michael Bellomo, is accused of trying to cover up the alleged beating in the police car.
The Board of Directors and Staff of The 92nd Street Y mourn the passing of Frederick P. Rose, beloved brother of Elihu Rose, board member of The 92nd Street Y. Beloved uncle of board members David Rose and Amy Rose Silverman and our dear freind.
Mr. Darusman said Indonesia's investigation would seek to answer five questions: *Was there genocide?
Yet, there is an odd fact to consider: the Jets have also won the four games this season in which Martin turned in his poorest performances -- 42 yards on 30 carries (at Kansas City), 54 yards in 21 carries (against Buffalo), 38 yards in 20 carries (at Buffalo), 37 yards in 17 carries (against Seattle).
5:23:10 27822 Peters, T, 35M .
So where is ''The Dinner Party'' today?
Saturday at 8 P.M. Tickets: $12 Coffeehouse at Buttinger Nature Center, 31 Titus Mill Road, Pennington.
So it fell to the playwright's longtime director, Max Stafford-Clark, and a game company of actors, two of whom are in their 80's, to make lucid what is encoded on the page.
Sushi Samba, which opens today at 245 Park Avenue South (20th Street), is built around a sushi-and-ceviche bar.
Current federal income tax rates on wages go from 15 percent to 39.6 percent.
Schools already contract with tutoring companies like Kaplan Educational Centers on a limited basis during the school year, Ms. Crowe said, though no figure on the extent was available.
In all, there is enough ammunition in the survey to keep what is an expensive fight raging for many months to come.
With the most successful fund-raising machine ever assembled, Mr. Evans can afford to assign his troops extra tasks beyond raising $1,000 checks for Mr. Bush's primary campaign.
At least not until Truman and Ed try to escape; then, like muddled sports fans rooting for both teams, the audience that has cheered on these guys in their fish-bowl existence now pulls for them when they try to flee.
At the Grove Street Cemetery in New Haven, where Eli Whitney and Noah Webster are buried, more than 30 headstones were toppled and several of the marble ones broken on Oct. 18.
End tables could prove hazardous.
Just like most things I've tried to talk him out of, I was unsuccessful.
They say the mayor is out of touch with the struggles of business owners and has become bull-headed with his success.
Several building trades unions have been lobbying the Pataki administration, so far without success, to require that union labor be used on projects at Stewart Airport in Newburgh.
''In our view there is no more important air-quality issue in New York City than the issue of air pollution,'' the letter read in part.
Park in Bisbee, Ariz., where these Cindy Sherman-esque photos were taken.
The reason Sara originally chose to do a five-hour performance was that she didn't want to clip the creative sprawl of dancing to fit into the standard theatrical format.
Of the 10 most frequently produced operas last season, none were composed after 1920 and none were American.
Loving grandfather of Amy Gitlin of Israel, Lisa Fier, Adam and Jacqueline Berg.
''These brothers are trying to make a living,'' said Mr. Winston, a mechanic from Crown Heights.
And when I promise a visibility or exposure campaign to my sponsors, I go over the line to deliver.''
It took me a little while to get used to that.
When the skies cleared over the Balkans on Monday, it seemed to be a promising day for NATO's high-tech warplanes to attack Yugoslav tanks in Kosovo.
Little word has emerged about the Met's production, by Graham Vick, but publicity photographs suggest a spare, vividly colorful approach.
In addition to Mr. Leffler, a half-dozen officials are off the mark in Queens.
The document he held was a draft standardizing the antipiracy safeguards to be put in all portable digital audio players, players that were already on the market and selling well without any official security system.
Computer users not hit directly would nonetheless have been quickly crippled by breakdowns among suppliers or key customers, experts say.
Ms. Nolan also said yesterday that she had also sold Fortune magazine a first-person account of her experience with Autoweb.com -- a freelance arrangement that she said her editors had approved.
''A store within a store that carried some of the best gourmet foods around, including smoked fish, cheeses, coffees and teas.
Following are the remarks today by Representative Dennis Hastert, the Illinois Republican who was elected Speaker, as recorded by the Federal News Service, a private transcription agency: Thank you, Mr.
A brash transplant from New Jersey, Jeff Ruby wore spats to the opening benefit at this addition to his chain of Cincinnati watering holes.
he asked, referring to the movie Ms. Ephron wrote and directed.
By the time Badillo made a brief run at the incumbent, Dinkins, in 1993, he had plainly worn out his welcome in the Democratic Party.
The festival is part of the New Faces, New Voices, New Visions series at Aaron Davis Hall, one of the most imaginative arts producers in the city.
Such a diplomatic success for the Russians would also help rebuild relations with Moscow and strengthen the Government against anti-Western forces there.
Mr. Keyes, who barely registers in the polls, implored party members not to anoint a nominee.
Called spoolers, these devices are actually special computers that can quickly issue a large number of commands.
Here's an old, stoop-shouldered man arriving at an N.R.A.
IN his campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination, Bill Bradley is bucking the trend to some degree.
Almost 1,000 new classes were to be created.
Including restructuring-related items in both periods, Heinz lost $91.3 million, or 25 cents a diluted share, which compared with a profit of $181.2 million, or 49 cents a diluted share, a year earlier.
I think I can do it for under 10.'
That's 30-40 goals-plus per year, and to keep that kind of pace over a career at this level is phenomenal.''
In ''Daisy and the Egg,'' too, just as it seems a possibility that something could be wrong with the egg and the sibling will never come -- and the warm, soft illustrations turn slightly dark and moody -- the unsinkable Daisy insists on sitting on the egg herself.
It had some 8,000 members when a businessman, Bruce Katz, bought control of it in the early 1990's and sold it to Salon for what people close to the deal said was about $2 million.
''I saw the report that children in Texas are going hungry.
5:40:07 29101 Geburzi, B, 52F .
His risotto with squid ($14.95) is also superbly cooked, moist and nutty yet not mushy, while braised rabbit ($13.95), served in a rich, olive-scented brown sauce, is an earthy delight.
Loving father of Jeffrey and Richard.
Part of this memory, the chronological part, cannot possibly be true.
There is nothing Thai about the desserts, which are American and wonderful.
4:29:40 17807 Valdes, C, 37M .
THE HARD WAY -- The second annual 2.4-mile against-the-tide race from the World Financial Center to Pier 62 starts at 2:30 P.M. Saturday, after a half-mile swim from South Cove to the North Cove of World Financial Center; ages 15 and up; half-mile swim $45, 2.4-mile $85; for applications or information: www.
''It's fun playing her because she is one of the best players on the tour right now.
4:57:27 24094 Pilatzki, B, 49M .
I was a good diesel mechanic, and I knew a lot about boat maintenance and repair.''
All that, coupled with larger vehicles, stressed drivers and distractions such as cellular phones, he said, have only fueled the public's perception that there are more inconsiderate drivers on the road.
Father Chinlund said that Mr. Copeland had been directed to the group home through a prison reform program.
Among the best of the rest are Smith, who has a cannon-like arm, and McNown, who scouts call magical because although he is only 6 feet he plays and produces in a much bigger way.
Another organization in the battle is the Silvio O. Conte National Fish and Wildlife Refuge.
Doctors at the Pertamina Hospital in Jakarta, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said that he might be released within a day.
That section of the waterfront walkway has also been completed, as has the reshaping of Pier A into a five-acre park.
''They're hungry today,'' said Christian Diaz, 13, an eighth grader at Intermediate School 318 in the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn, as he stepped down from a chair after feeding the fish.
In Los Angeles Mr. Benigni savored his triumph.
The Ukraine accident killed 31 people and contaminated vast areas of the former Soviet Union.
It was on one such third-and-11 that the game turned.
In addition, the Red Sox fielding skills are questionable.
They like to work in tandem to get their way, but the very chemistry that binds them and excites audiences has had the effect of irritating a good many power brokers of the opera world.
Apparently, they all are ice hockey enthusiasts, and on Saturday they will sharpen and then don their skates to appear in the second annual Skate for Life Hockey Game.
But big surprises have occurred before in the United States Senior Open -- by Larry Laoretti in 1992 and by Simon Hobday in 1994 -- so anything can happen.
''Most people coming into a situation like this have already had great devastation in their lives,'' he said.
Dream that my little baby came to life again -- that it had only been cold & that that we rubbed it by the fire & it lived -- I awake & find no baby -- I think about the little thing all day -- not in good spirits -- Shelley [her husband Percy Bysshe] is very unwell.''
There is also the fourth-floor, 10,000-foot arena with interactive games that simulate downhill biking, bass fishing, horse-racing, parachute jumping, and Indy car racing, and cost $1.50 to $6.50 to play.
Closed Tuesday and Wednesday at lunch.
Until one noticed their feet.
The computer falls in love with her, so the scientist, who cannot cope with that, disassembles the machine.
After serving in the United States Army Air Corps in World War II, he worked in radio and early television.
R. J. Pineiro's 01-01-00: A Novel of the Millennium (Forge/Tom Doherty, $24.95) is a neatly packaged techno-thriller that is not only written in a savvy movie-ready style but comes complete with what the publisher calls a ''massive licensing program'' for the ''trademarked 01-01-00 logo,'' with merchandising tie-ins to such ''product categories'' as Bloomingdale's, Crunch athletic wear and Ferragamo.
The space that used to be Baby Jake's has been transposed to the Left Bank, with a tile floor and a mirrored wall that seems already to wear decades of nicotine stains.
Congregation Kneseth Israel, Far Rockaway, NY, mourns with heartfelt sorrow the passing of our esteemed member, and extends condolences to the entire family.
But Mr. Li intends to move them back to Hong Kong -- where they will design services tailored for markets like China, India and Southeast Asia.
The Greeks got terrifying and grand tragedies.
Both men wrote to New York City Transit, the agency that operates the buses, requesting that they be moved.
Our sincere gratitude for her passionate dedication to the art of acting.
In contrast, the exhibition in Camden highlights, as the catalog states, the ''long-lost voice of Egyptian women.''
In the meantime, the plaintiff managed to conceive and give birth to her fifth child and return to work, all while claiming to be disabled by the accident.
With Mrs. Megawati projected to win a clear plurality of the popular vote, such an outcome would result as much from back-room deals and unelected delegates as from the ballot box.
''I think that was from the 40-and-older people that are still here in Florida,'' Hershiser said.
The government also promised about $2,000 to every family, but some say they never received it.
At the start of this millennium, the universe in its entirety consisted of what we now would call our solar system.
People often seem to have disconnects between what they say and what they do.
At the rocket design center in Podlipki, the Russian rocket engineers and cosmonauts who had dominated the cosmos for most of the young space age gathered around flickering black-and-white monitors to observe their rivals' ultimate triumph.
''Texas is not California,'' said Andrew Sansom, the executive director of the Texas Department of Parks and Wildlife.
By now, the two-lane highway has rejoined us for the final push to Seward.
He wrote the screenplay for the film, adapting it from his play.
Subsequent ads will include ''Absolut balance,'' Mr. Lewis said, with an orange wedge perched atop the bottle, and an ad in which ''an orange will be inserted in place of the word 'orange.'
It was an existential condition, a state of mind, an irritation that could not be soothed, a kind of moral insomnia that dictated how one lived a life.
The police took 15 people into custody in a sweep in Colombo early today.
said the multi-instrumentalist and songwriter Peter Holsapple, who helped decide which rock-era songs could stand next to the likes of ''Take Me Out to the Ball Game'' and ''Summertime'' as the band leader at the year-ending ''Songs of the Century'' program for Arts at St. Ann's in Brooklyn.
A base more than 500 miles from Washington could help keep at a distance the Clinton scandal, and the shadow it casts over a Gore candidacy.
On the contrary, it was the emptiness that scared her.
After repeated coaxing -- on average, each person was contacted 10 times -- about 500 stopped in.
4:03:20 10903 Hugel, W, 41M .
''It's sort of like handing on an Olympic torch.
When Jeanne (the enchanting Virginie Ledoyen), a free-spirited young receptionist for a travel agency who has had many lovers, meets Olivier (Mathieu Demy) in a Paris subway car, she instantly knows he is the man of her dreams.
They have been sold to a population that is broadening from traditional families to include singles and divorced men and women with and without children.
Back to the Force As the new Star Wars film nears, George Lucas reflects on mythology, heroes and children.
Apartments and town houses are also significantly cheaper on the New Jersey waterfront.
A16 Talks on West Bank Withdrawal The Israeli prime minister, Ehud Barak, and the Palestinian leader, Yasir Arafat, held an unscheduled meeting.
The detective said the two boys showed no emotion during his questioning.
Deception assumes many different guises.
Giant snowdrops (Galanthus elwesii) are usually the next plants to appear.
Bill has put his heart on his sleeve here; the moments when it's sentimental, it's really sentimental.
Growing up in my family, you had to be such a ''good'' kid -- so I took advanced math and science courses at Midwood High School in Brooklyn.
A final, far more practical, warning is posted on the groundskeeper's office to the right of the entrance, just below the rule prohibiting dogs: ''Visit at your own risk.
The British proposal would be a major shift from the NATO's current plan, which is to send in a peacekeeping force of 28,000 troops, but only if the Yugoslav President, Slobodan Milosevic, agrees, withdraws his forces and accepts a peace settlement that allows the hundreds of thousands of exiled Kosovo Albanians to return to their shattered homes.
''We will continue to respond to Iraqi provocations in the north,'' the official said.
A former World War II guerrilla, Mr. Manglapus was both a senator and Foreign Secretary before and after the 20-year rule of President Ferdinand E. Marcos.
''Isn't it a fact,'' Ms. Miller asked, ''that on May 10, 1997, by the time the police officers arrived at the Dallas BBQ, you were drunk?''
Buchenwald, where 60,000 people died under Hitler and 8,000 more during the Russian occupation immediately after World War II, has been preserved as a museum and memorial to the Holocaust.
At a city budget hearing the day after the Board of Education had defied him by adopting a stripped-down five-year plan favored by the Mayor, Dr.
* Pay attention to hyperlinks, the small Web addresses appearing at the bottom of the screen when you move the mouse across a Web page.
Elsewhere, Unum Provident fell 15 5/16, or 30 percent, to 36 3/8, after the company, one of the nation's largest disability insurers, said that second-quarter earnings fell because of costs associated with the June merger that created it.
About the only thing they agree on is that incarcerating more criminals averts some crimes.
Fire is a much scarier proposition.
Officials said investigators immediately suspected that the accounts were being manipulated.
The starters played for only one quarter.
Mr. Chudzicki, in turn, recently helped LearnLinc tackle some sales forecasting problems.
Among the desserts are a pumpkin bread pudding with fruit compote; Valrhona chocolate cake with a warm peanut-butter center, and flambeed bananas with toasted almonds and raisins wrapped in phyllo with banana ice cream.
Throughout the day, senators from both parties expressed reservations about, or outright opposition to, putting American pilots at risk and bombing a sovereign nation.
As tradition dictates in Mississippi politics, Eddie Briggs, a Republican candidate for governor in next Tuesday's primary, took the podium for his allotted time this week at the 110th Neshoba County Fair, a mandatory stop on Mississippi's campaign trail.
Devoted mother of Judith Feinberg and Francine Elster.
And unlike Valderrama, which had narrow, tree-lined fairways that often kept the driver in Woods's bag, The Country Club is a course that suits his game.
The federal government is planning to permanently close an aging nuclear reactor at the Brookhaven National Laboratory that has been shut since 1996 when the authorities discovered it had been leaking radioactive water into the ground, federal officials said today.
It came after a contentious daylong hearing at which agency officials and the drug's manufacturer offered wildly different estimates of Rezulin's risks.
One of the hoary givens in Presidential politics is that any book by a candidate that comes out at campaign time, especially an autobiography or memoir, should be read with a full shaker of salt nearby, or maybe not at all.
To the Editor: Re ''Public Art for Sale: At What Price?''
THOMAS W. TURNER Bellevue, Neb., June 24, 1999
''I myself have a 16-year-old daughter who is just beginning to drive, so I can understand the fears and concerns of parents in a situation such as this.''
Soon afterward Dorner returned the remaining Malevich works to Hugo Haring, an architect and friend whom the artist entrusted with many works during World War II.
The copyright issue is already fueling a new wave of digital compression wares.
That was my vision, and I never tried to quit.
The Russian ultranationalist leader Vladimir Zhirinovsky suffered a setback today when his party was barred from participating in parliamentary elections in December.
They placed 20 on one side of the square, 20 on the other.
The Warriors disputed the claim, arguing that they never got a formal certificate of completion of arena renovations and that part of the 1998-99 basketball season was canceled because of the lockout of the players.
A cocktail reception at 6:30 will be followed by dinner and dancing to the music of the Alex Donner Orchestra.
But Artest has, in the past, cited the desire to help his large family move out of the Queensbridge housing project in Long Island City, Queens.
Or consider Unite, the Union of Needletrades, Industrial and Textile Employees, representing 300,000 low-wage workers in the United States.
Many other factors are at work conventionalizing the design of these new cars: existing safety requirements, basic human ergonomics and strong financial incentives to adapt existing bodies and off-the-shelf parts and components to the new cars.
''Trouble Is a Lonesome Town,'' from 1963, is a collection of self-consciously nostalgic train songs.
I spoke to the landlord to remind him of his promise, but he said that if he told me he would put her name on it, he was wrong.
INTERNATIONAL A3-12 NATO Agrees to Bomb Sites in Belgrade The United States and NATO agreed to an escalated air campaign that would include government buildings in downtown Belgrade as targets, two senior American officials said.
service in three flavors: Entry-level Personal Infospeed: 640 kilobits per second for $49.95 a month; Professional Infospeed: 1.6 megabits per second for $99.95 a month; Power Infospeed: 7.1 megabits per second for $189.95 a month.
Our campaign is diminishing and grinding down Mr. Milosevic's military capabilities.
''It was national TV and they were challenged.
The ball glanced off the wall chest-high, a foot from Ledee, and Ventura had a double and Agbayani scored to put the Mets ahead, 3-2.
There were bragging rights at stake when Rutgers and Seton Hall met today, and much more: a possible National Collegiate Athletic Association tournament berth for Rutgers, a possible National Invitation Tournament bid for Seton Hall.
He studied the piano, philosophy, theology and dramaturgy at the Universities of Bonn and Munich.
First approved in June, the drug had earned $46 million by the end of October.
That distance almost guarantees that some teams will become splintered and have to wait for laggards, who can never ride as fast alone as they can in a formation where riders can save energy in the slipstream.
But the Castellanas, the Castellanos and the Gambinos are all related, and this makes things difficult for Peter Jr., who is trying, he says, to lead his family to the promised land of total business legitimacy.
While emblematic figures in historic dress appear in the Yonkers project, the paintings, prints and drawings on the gallery walls are startlingly devoid of people.
Today they adopted by voice vote the same language that guides the Senate, allowing members to accept gifts valued at up to $50 from lobbyists, with an annual $100 limit on items from any one source.
Services Thursday, 1PM at ''Riverside-Nassau North Chapels'', 55 North Station Plaza (opposite LIRR), Great Neck, NY.
It's a chancy night but you won't leave on empty -- or unthreatened.
HAROLD HOLZER New York, April 21, 1999 The writer is vice president for communications, Metropolitan Museum of Art.
The kasha with cabbage and fontina, while heartier, also makes for a good main course or supper dish and could play a role in a buffet.
Economy of statement is not something that films are noted for.
In the nearby town of Manville, more than 1,000 of the 3,500 homes and businesses were damaged in the flood, said Sgt.
Terranova shares rose above the offer price, jumping 31 pence, to 135.5.
As a starter this season, Gill has averaged 11.4 points in 32.1 minutes.
In ''Agamemnon,'' the god of war is described as a gold-changer whose scales are balanced on a battle spear, to weigh out the ashes of men for return home in light urns.
Last season, she averaged 8.5 points and 4.7 assists a game to lead Houston to a 27-3 record and its second league title.
This was a test of my character and I think the young guys can learn from the way a veteran handles a situation.''
She is part of a husband-and-wife team that runs a foundation in York, Pa., called Lost and Found Horse Rescue.
State scientists said tonight that they had found the potentially deadly St. Louis encephalitis in mosquitoes trapped at a country club here and in a crow from a backyard in Westport.
Lordy, what a to-do for a couple of oldish rich guys: there were tableaux vivants of the Flemish paintings collected by Mr. Steinberg in Quogue and a cavalry charge in Tangier.
Rutgers got newly acquainted today with the rougher-around-the-edges Ivy Leaguers in their 105th meeting, falling by 66-60 in overtime.
Other G Whiz executives include Brett Howlett, 39, the vice president and creative director, and Douglas A. Zarkin, 29, the vice president who manages branding efforts for clients.
He graduated from City University and received his medical degree with honors from the Albert Einstein College of Medicine.
Visitors will be able to use a computer kiosk to learn about all of Alfred Hitchcock's 53 films through a wealth of video, text, audio and still images.
Two of the elaborate costumes for the Long Wharf production, which credits Mr. Guan as Beijing Opera consultant were made in his sister's company's shop.
At checkpoints, they exuded an air of calm correctness as they examined drivers' documents.
San Jose officers will also be required to identify themselves in cases where their safety would not be compromised, explain to drivers why they are being stopped, and get more training on individuals' rights under search and seizure laws, Chief Lansdowne said.
Maintaining even half that pace will be quite a challenge, especially without a new merchandising genius.
The Rebels (5-0) shot 27 percent in the second half and made just six field goals, compared to 43 percent in the first half.
Wynn never hesitated to whistle a pitch past a hitter's ear.
Five giants in the computer and consumer electronics industries announced an agreement yesterday on a ''watermark'' standard for protecting digital movies and videos from unauthorized copying.
A member of the Hunter College Hall of Fame, she was awarded the President's Medal in 1970.
''Obasanjo has not convinced us that he is determined to clean out corruption no matter who is involved,'' said Farouk Lawan, the chairman of the lower house's ethics committee.
Back in New York, braving the icy winds, we still felt warm.
What is crucial to the Government are the coastal towns: Luanda, which is near the country's only oil refinery; Lobito and Benguela with their big military bases; Soyo with its oil, and the whole oil-rich province of Cabinda, separated from Angola proper by a strip of Congo.
Encountering this large game was the highlight of our stay.
Contributions in her memory may be made to Temple EmanuEl, 1 East 65th St., NYC 10021.
''We're still in the cave.''
The New York Institute of Technology community records with profound sorrow the passing of General Bruce Holloway, American patriot and longtime member of the college's Board of Trustees.
Raising bison in suburbia is not always easy.
He has written groundbreaking, indispensable books on ancient Greek farmers (''The Other Greeks'') who lived in the countryside, not the city, and on the legacy of the Greek insistence on the decisive battle, the clash of armored foot soldiers, embattled farmers whose dependence on their crops left them no time for long-range expeditions or protracted campaigns (''The Western Way of War'').
She retired from full time advertising in 1988 and went into business as a dealer in French and English antiques at Le Vieux Monde Antiques on Lexington Avenue.
People have asked him, he goes on, somewhat ruefully, ''Ned, when are you going to run out of personal problems you can write books about?''
chief of staff at the beginning of May,'' the spokesman, Visar Reka, said in an interview here, confirming a report in Jane's Defense Weekly of London.
A native of Queens, he dropped out of a City College of New York doctoral program in experimental psychology in 1974 to become a cartoonist, a decision, he says, that was ''greeted by astonishment and disdain by my parents.''
In spring training, before pitchers and hitters knew how umpires would adjust to the strike zone edict from the commissioner's office, a couple of pretty good pitchers were expressing their views on the subject.
They uncovered 1,369 plant and animal life forms during the 24-hour period, a total that rivaled the previous high count of 1,400 at an urban blitz last year at a Pittsburgh park.
The Colombian salsa singer Mr. D'Leon directs a particularly hot band with his voice and his bass; he's in control of an exciting show.
4:59:50 24591 Hodes, H, 25M .
Britain's Foreign Secretary, Robin Cook, challenged Mr. Milosevic last week to admit to his people that he has bought three villas in Greece.
''I am not saying that the law is not good,'' she added.
I've used the metaphor before, but people want the theater to be a geisha.
When an inmate is moved out of the unit, for a medical appointment or a court appearance, a warning siren sounds throughout the entire prison, and all other traffic comes to a halt.
The Indonesian Army and its East Timorese supporters are in effect making their last stand there, he said.
You can see the pendulum swing back and forth.''
Mr. Mitrovic became embarrassed by the station's politics.
5:02:42 25091 Simonelli, R, 41M .
March 2, 1930 -- T. S. Eliot writes letter to Sears, Roebuck to complain about the performance of his recently purchased refrigerator, though some scholars later argue he was requesting a new pair of shoe trees.
That is what you get at El Bulli.
In a third-quarter collision with Atlanta's Roshown McLeod, Keith Van Horn suffered a cut on his chin that required five stitches.
Or, ''It made a difference in my comeback,'' as Carlos (King) Palomino, a welterweight boxer, says, adding: ''I've had three fights, three knockouts.''
''We're stuck in this vicious circle of bad surveillance feeding into the notion that this is not a problem,'' Mr. Rowell said.
Some of the stories in this slim collection are funny and affectionate character portraits that don't go one bit deeper than they have to.
''New York's tension doesn't automatically mean violence.
The Supreme Court refused today to hear an appeal from a Federal agency that takes over financially troubled pension plans and was seeking higher fees.
Xerox's sales people are in poor shape to fight back.
It even follows the second law of robotics: it obeys orders without question -- after a program is fed into its central processor via infrared signals from a desktop computer.
Should friends desire, contributions may be made to the Columbia-Presbyterian Renal Transplant Department, Holy Name Hospital Dialysis Center, Teaneck, NJ, or Women's American ORT.
But some labor relations experts questioned whether Mr. Hoffa might be appointing Mr. Stier less to clean up the union than to impress the Government with his plan to put in place his own anti-corruption program.
WebMD is merging with the Healtheon Corporation in a deal that puts a current value of about $72 on each of the shares Gleacher & Company had claims on.
Comments about the changes may be E-mailed to tables@nytimes.com or telephoned to (212) 556-4696.
The handbook is also available from bookshops in England; $7.50.
Her father, Park Benjamin, a wealthy patent lawyer and New York society figure, fiercely opposed the match between his daughter, then 25, to Caruso, who was 45.
And ''at that point Duchamp had no audience to fool by manufacturing a fake object,'' she says.
Dear sister of Nina, Frank and Carla.
They should pay it back, but this is manageable.
4:17:01 14459 Kriegler, M, 34M .
''The idea is to really lure people into the store,'' said Ken Libman, president of LWC Corporate, interior architects and contractors, which supervised and carried out the first phase of preparing the space for construction.
Boston, which began the day one game behind Toronto in the American League wild-card race, also got a home run from Butch Huskey as the Royals lost for the sixth time in seven games.
The Mayor volunteered that he himself had never tried marijuana or cocaine.
The New National Party -- formerly called the National Party -- which brought apartheid to South Africa during more than 40 years in power, has been trying to broaden its appeal.
As with prisons, Mr. Zoley said, he believes that a company can improve conditions and run a mental hospital more efficiently than a state agency because it can, among other things, contract for services more quickly and cheaply.
Interviewers for Human Rights Watch have spoken with a half-dozen Slovinje refugees and were told of many of the same killings.
The charges seemed to bring the Monica S. Lewinsky saga to an improbable and dizzying full-circle.
Senators in both parties labored to polish comprehensible sound bites to explain this latest confusing fork in their trial meanderings to cranky back-seat constituents who long ago gave up counting brindled cows and other ballyhooed phenomena on their way to the widely anticipated destination of Acquittal.
''I've got to worry about getting better and doing a job.
He does not want to be a policeman, as may other rebel fighters who meet standards being established by the United Nations.
But it was the right idea.
She told me the lock had been stiff for 20 years, and that I should just fiddle with it.
He was a retired senior partner of Hall, Dickler, Lawler, Kent & Friedman, a retired member of the Capital Cities/ABC Board of Directors, and Chairman of the Board of the Pollock-Krasner Foundation.
Ms. Fisher said she believed her son was injured by the vaccine and expressed resentment that anyone might consider such an outcome tolerable.
Mike Shanahan, the Denver head coach, said: ''It was a great performance by our defense.
Bill Barrette's sculpture presents gritty, photographic city views through distorting lenses; Iair Rosenkranz's ''Pre-Textual City'' is an elaborate, impenetrable game of architectural history; Allan Wexler's inverted, stone-filled umbrellas are a mystery, and a team called Atopos maps suburban police activity (Johnson).
''Fran likes to know what you eat, where you bought your earrings, who you're in love with,'' Ms. Errico said.
Once you have opened a bunch of World Wide Web pages, you will understand why anything smaller is a pain.
Advertisements were posted around the campus, and the Concordiensis, the student newspaper, published the candidates' pictures and biographies.
On the Republican side, Mrs. Whitman, who is limited to two terms as Governor, said today that she was ''seriously considering all of my options.''
OF BERGEN COUNTY ''Celebrating Israel,'' mixed-media works by Bezalel-Levy, sculpture by Mel Rosenblum and photographs by Herb Benkel.
Access Internet Communications Inc., a small service provider with several thousand customers in Cupertino, Calif., says it has seen its dial-up subscriber base grow by 25 percent a year.
(The company did acknowledge under pressure from news gatherers in recent months that they were the listing agents for the home the Clintons bought in Chappaqua.)
I was in Manaus for adventure, too.
runs the slogan of Mr. Madrazo's ads.
The second half of the concert featured Ellington works scored by Wynton Marsalis for the combined forces of the Philharmonic and the Lincoln Center Jazz Orchestra.
And it leaves Professor Feenberg profoundly uneasy about where on-line education is heading.
Over the years there have been problems with buildings that house both elderly tenants and those deemed either mentally or physically disabled, including those with alcohol or other drug problems.
Or are you looking to join a support group of people who share your health problems?
Ms. Pidgeon's defiantly arch acting style sets the film's tone and gives her suffragist character a sharp edge (Maslin).
Therefore, the jury ''figured she was upset, but not that bad,'' said Ms. Pelham's lawyer, Norman E. Frowley, in explaining the relatively modest award.
Services ''Boulevard-Riverside'', 1450 Broadway, Hewlett, LI, 12:30PM Sunday.
The event opens at 11 a.m. with holiday gifts and health and beauty services on sale.
SHADEK-Arthur J. Franklin & Marshall College mourns the loss of its Trustee Emeritus, former Board Vice Chair, and Honorary Alumnus.
By 2002, foreign companies will be allowed to own up to 50 percent of Internet content companies.
Turkey sits atop some of the world's most unstable geology.
It was awash in honest sentiment and became a sizable box-office hit.
The acquisition brings MARC to 310 employees and billings of more than $370 million.
Another telling detail of Dr. Rosenthal's resume is that he once worked as a lounge piano player on a cruise ship.
Successive Mexican Governments have always blamed the demonstrators for the violence.
It drew a crowd of hundreds every weekend.
Who was the go-to man, Houston, Ewing or Sprewell?
If anyone within striking distance of Hartford Stage through Oct. 10 does not feel oncoming thunder and a sense of event -- don't speak.
If there was rain and slush outside the New York State Theater, there was sunshine within.
(The survey understated the true number, because each lawmaker could give only one response, and many said ''legislator,'' rather than naming prior careers.)
Drug dealers are indeed hard to find on West 139th Street.
The United States believes that the Yugoslav army has stocks of lethal and nonlethal chemical weapons and that some of the less deadly forms have probably been given to the Serbian paramilitary forces that have terrorized Albanians in Kosovo, according to Pentagon and other Clinton Administration officials.
The site purports to be the work of a novelist, but his identity could not be confirmed.
''We're looking at taking things we currently just throw away, making them profitable, fighting global warming and cleaning the environment at the same time,'' said Roger Ballentine, the deputy assistant to the President for environmental initiatives.
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Kingdon and the subordinates routinely used money that was left unclaimed in customer accounts at Bankers Trust as a ''slush fund'' to cover up shortfalls in their division's expected revenue and profits.
But it also proposes new ideas for bringing for-sale housing within reach of people who otherwise would find it difficult to buy a house.
Christoph M. Kimmich, CUNY's interim chancellor, says the tasks include rebuilding the college's management, gaining reaccreditation for the college's professional programs and deciding how the campus will cope with CUNY's plan to remove remedial classes from the senior colleges.
Consider a brief evolutionary apologia for President Clinton's adulteries written by Steven Pinker, of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
The Los Angeles Sparks of the Women's National Basketball Association fired Coach Orlando Woolridge, citing philosophical differences.
And letting charter schools compete with public schools will presumably cause public schools to work harder; in districts with low-performing public schools, charter schools will either displace them or force genuine improvement.
While declining to offer details about the agency's query, Mr. Marks said he planned to subpoena the Bank of New York for records pertaining to Valmet.
What was so bitter about the Dylan ''betrayal'' was that he was going over to the enemy we had all agreed to be snooty about.
''It's not like it was a double off the wall.
A piece of land was donated and a one-room saltbox-style library was built.
New York: A Marian Wood Book/Henry Holt & Company.
''The courts should have adjudicated this,'' Mr. Safir said.
''Because that's small, we hold it in the showroom.
About 900 people bought day passes to attend part of this year's festival.
To Michael, Jane, and the entire family, we offer our heartfelt condolences.
''We certainly wouldn't be doing this much without the law,'' said Martin Franks, the senior vice president at CBS.
His mother owns Solanee, a home furnishings boutique in Manhattan.
Instead, deflation is causing many factory stockpiles to overflow and forcing producers to suspend their output, even though most are required to keep paying the same number of workers.
If Memorial Day was any indication, we're expecting a home run.''
In Wim Wenders's film, another of the year's better finds, the movie mogul Mike Max (Bill Pullman) may not understand why he is suddenly losing his studio, but he has the good sense to stay calm, lie low and try to sort it out with the moral support of Chicano gardeners who find him unconscious in a flower bed.
''A normal cruising is down the Sound to the Statue of Liberty and return.
Mr. Abrams said that his client is broke and that Mr. Reyes's parents may have to put up their house to help him pay bail, if one is set.
As one modern master of the theme, Ralph Ellison, put it, America's capacity for the protean reflects the country's ''rich diversity and its almost magical fluidity and freedom'' and yet also ''illusion which must be challenged, as Menelaus did in seizing Proteus.''
Scientists estimate up to 10 million species -- far more than the 1.4 million types of land dwellers.
But Digital Island's shares soared 68 percent after the announcement, closing at $38.6875, up $15.6875 a share.
WASHINGTON--Named Kennedy Pola assistant football coach.
About 1,000 guests could be lodged there and 2,000 patrons seated in its many dining rooms, which included a private chamber with solid-gold service for 48.
season is over, basketball fans are invited to turn their attention to the U.B.A.
The resolution seemed innocuous enough.
The absence, in a city of 3.5 million people, of an alternative source of turkey.
And on Sunday at 2 p.m., the museum and the United Nations, co-producer of the festival, will celebrate International Day for Tolerance with Gordon and Zoe from ''Sesame Street,'' one place whose residents have always been citizens of the world.
Since 1995, the stock's total return has been almost three times that of the S.& P. 500.
The 37-acre grounds were the project of Wrigley's widow, Ada, and its plants include succulents, native cherry trees that once fed the Indian inhabitants and the deadly wild tomato, whose purple-black berries are highly poisonous.
''The same may be true of rats,'' he said.
3:51:34 7657 Lemoine, A, 45M .
17 Pope's Joyous Homecoming Pope John Paul II arrived in Gdansk, the birthplace of the Solidarity movement that he sparked with his first papal visit 20 years ago.
The Fields encompasses about 50 acres of Mr. Greenburger's property: rolling farmland surrounding a pond and enclosed by trees.
STEPHON MARBURY wrote ''KG 21, I See U'' on his ankle tape in honor of his former Minnesota teammate, KEVIN GARNETT.
''I think Ted's got a case of Stockholm syndrome right now.''
He is barred from appearing before the attorney general's office for two years, and faces a lifetime ban on lobbying that office on issues with which he was directly involved while Attorney General.
The huge wreaths above the departure gates twinkled away.
The exercise proves that drawing is her strong and that all the little extras are just that (Smith).
Or when he introduced a chart by saying, ''Now, more stuff to look at.''
Mr. Gore's comment's provoked scowls and whispers among the handful of auto executives in the audience, not one of whom was willing afterward to criticize the Administration.
Reminiscent of Davies, for example, is the fact that the entire course of the book's events is set in motion by an ill-considered childhood prank.
Davis got past it by taking a very strong position in favor of the death penalty.''
We extend our condolences to the entire family, and may they be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.
Affordability has popularized the sport and its popularity may have blurred its inherent risks.
Judge Bechtle, who is overseeing more than 300 suits filed by dieters who used the now-discredited diet-drug combination, would also have to approve any settlement involving American Home.
''His stunts would now go worldwide through multiple media,'' he said.
In a state Capitol reception room ornamented with marble fireplaces and crystal chandeliers, Gov.
I think it means that He has other plans for me, to deliver his word.''
The surest way to avoid kickbacks, overpayments and billing for nonexistent products and services is for board members to check such payments at regular intervals.
Even though all the students were in one room, the boys and girls had separate entrances and separate cloak closets.
Even as worries about earnings were pushing investors out of big technology stocks, they were snapping up shares of Internet stocks.
But privately, Palm executives have done some hand-wringing over the Visor's low price.
Intelligence officials said that equipping the public with protective masks could reduce the number of civilian casualties and injuries to about one-tenth.
Ms. Baldwin notes that many people who are not gay also contribute to the center.
Sharon Daley, executive vice president of Country Living Associates, a real estate agency, said, ''I think these wild rumors got started because the Bessette family just moved out of town to a home in Old Greenwich a few months ago and someone might have spotted John Kennedy Jr. and his wife here during that time and jumped to the conclusion they were buying a home here.''
Starting on the par-5 No.
On a television monitor he watched a segment being videotaped with LEAH RABIN, the widow of YITZHAK RABIN, who was assassinated in 1995; their daughter, DALIA RABIN-PHILOSOF, and their granddaughter, NOA BEN-ARTZI PHILOSOF.
The House-Senate conference committee dealing with the issue is expected to meet later this week to decide what, if any, new restrictions on firearms will be included in the juvenile justice measure being readied for a vote by the full House and Senate.
Last season, as the backup of a bad Florida Panthers team, McLean was 9-10-4 with a 2.74 goals-against average, his best since 1994-95.
I spend the rest of the day battling a host of heavily muscled, scantily clad opponents: the beautiful but deadly Xianghua, ''versed in the sword arts passed on from her mother''; Maxi, ''Dandy of the South Seas,'' and Ivy, in a formfitting outfit of black leather, tensile suspension and thigh-high boots.
It has forced the military to fight with ''one arm tied behind our backs,'' as many Indian officers here complain.
''I don't think Zim would change anything in his life,'' Girardi said.
''Nobody is going to change their mind this soon,'' said one of the contenders, B. Thomas Byrne Jr., a former Democratic state party chairman and the son of former Gov.
Tonight at 7, with a pre-concert talk at 6:30, the Morgan Library, 29 East 36th Street, Manhattan, (212) 685-0008, extension 347.
There are only a couple of the original German stores left.''
And you say, 'I didn't say that.'
Germans took to American football fairly readily, partly because the American military presence here since World War II had given them some familiarity with it.
Richard Ashby, 32, of Mission Viejo, Calif. Captain Ashby is being tried on charges of obstruction of justice and conspiracy to obstruct justice for allegedly helping Captain Schweitzer get rid of the tape.
The CD that Mr. Erhlich was using did not have a warning label about the recommended operating system.
The hotel has a squash court, which is used as a children's play area during school vacations, a gym and a heated outdoor pool that's open during the summer.
Investors who bought in before the announcements are mostly sitting on paper profits.
The Administration will also consider enlarging the contingent if Australia finds that it needs added help, a spokesman for the Pentagon, Kenneth H. Bacon, said.
MACCULLOCH HALL HISTORICAL MUSEUM ''The Nature of Garden Design,'' featuring rare books, prints, photographs and garden objects.
Not far from the church, at the West Virginia Health Right free clinic, doctors are tending to so many patients, about 12,000 a year, that plans are under way for a new building, three times the size of the existing one.
5:07:48 25961 Hess, D, 48F .
Of all the candidates in both parties, Mr. Gore's support seemed firmest.
In short, it is difficult, after reading Mr. Stinnett's copiously documented book, not to wonder about some previously unchallenged assumptions about Pearl Harbor.
It is dangerous to the trees.
That raises the question, however, of articles like the one you are reading at this moment, which provide a convenient framework to inform readers and viewers about how information is passing through the body politic.
Once he went to work for the $153, Admiral Nance said, ''Nobody can ever say Jesse gave his old buddy a job.''
But the pickings at outside linebacker, like at running back, appear thin.
Robert A. Berman, a one-third owner of the Monticello Raceway and the chief executive of Hospitality Worldwide Services, a hotel developer that was an unsuccessful bidder for Grossinger's, is more upbeat.
Now that he knows that his sisters are not going to vanish the way his parents did, his outlook has improved.
You will always be loved and never forgotten.
''I was wasted,'' she said.
RADIO SHACK SUPER LIGHTWEIGHT TELEPHONE HEADSET ET-153 ($69.99).
Mr. Gargano has taken a harder line with the companies, which his supporters say are unlikely to relocate because much of their cargo is destined for the New York metropolitan region.
He served on the Board of Directors of the Easton Memorial Hospital and Chesapeake College and was a supporter of the Cancer Center of Easton.
Mr. Blumenthal of Connecticut called antitrust law ''the Magna Carta of consumer protection.''
''All words have associations,'' Mr. Corigliano said, ''and I didn't want the piece to be text-driven.''
When Mr. Margolis went before the House Committee on Un-American Activities in 1952, he refused to answer questions about Communist affiliations or organizations.
Last year, Medicare coverage was expanded to include colorectal cancer screening for people 50 and older at average risk.
Governor Rowland proposed income-tax credits for tuition and property tax payments, but did not seek a cut in the state income tax rate.
But Black Sabbath earned its legacy by realizing it was no longer a second-rate blues-rock band, but a monolithic riff builder.
Televisions, for example, use three bands of information -- cyan, magenta and yellow -- to display images.
A construction manager by profession, he commented, ''It's an architectural challenge.''
When Mr. Johnson was independently nominated to receive an honorary degree this year, Dr. Ihde said his old suggestion was unearthed and the Stony Brook president, Shirley Strum Kenny, embraced the idea of awarding the former graduate student a full doctorate.
Art combines the perspective of the parvenu and the pariah.
About 10,000 ordinary CT machines are installed in hospitals across the country, and they shoot pictures more slowly.
''They've spent a lot of money on credit guarantees.
And the problems are expected to get worse.
But there is a danger in turning human rights principles into dogma.
Mr. Rehnquist is likely to be sworn in by Senator Strom Thurmond, Republican of South Carolina, who at 96 is the President pro tem of the Senate and its oldest member.
Leading the list of obscure 20's song nuggets are two racy Irving Berlin numbers, ''Pack Up Your Sins and Go to the Devil'' and ''The Monkey Doodle-Doo,'' that show off the naughtier side of America's official composer.
And God bless the great state of Connecticut.
He does not play every day.
Mr. Chen said sales were down about 10 to 15 percent last week, but were expected to be back to normal this week.
An additional 55 buses should be delivered within the next few months, Mr. O'Leary said, with the balance arriving by March 2000.
The technology for a missile shield isn't ready, and there's another, larger problem: Building it too fast risks damaging our relationship with Russia and could fuel nationalist fervor just as a Russian presidential election approaches.
Mr. Bostridge's initial connections to music were intellectual, literary and emotional, not vocal.
Now that the superchef Alessandro Stratta has left the Phoenician, the Princess's Marquesa is probably the best of the city's many fine hotel dining rooms, serving Catalan cuisine of extraordinary sophistication and authenticity.
Supreme Court precedents allow modest restriction of student speech and give school officials significant leeway to conduct random searches.
When attaching a board to concrete, select an expansion fastener that is twice as long as the board's thickness.
What is surprising is that all this versatility comes in a can -- in fact, all piquillo peppers are sold in cans or bottles.
James Crook's life-sized couple is made of cast dirt.
In addition, less money was moving into Switzerland in search of a safe haven.
''A lot of the experts on television have been talking about the problem in Colorado being a breakdown in community,'' said Robin Jilton, an adolescent psychologist at New York Presbyterian Hospital who has been monitoring Teen People's message boards on America Online.
''I saw the Jazz pick up Thurl Bailey, and I said to myself, 'Huh?'
The last outbreak of listeriosis occurred in 1994.
As every day that we come and discuss it with you, I think we have made very clear that the damage that has been done to the military infrastructure, to a lot of the industry, to a lot of command and control, this is very significant.
It may or may not be a coincidence that today's test was a day after China's leaders celebrated the anniversary of the founding of the People's Liberation Army, an occasion on which military leaders try to call attention to their strength.
Folk art is a term generally applied to decorative, utilitarian or ceremonial pieces made without formal art education.
''Often,'' he added, ''errors with regard to the faith come from a certain selectivity, and I think this is a classic instance of selecting some of the teaching and distorting the other part.''
What emerges is a portrait of a nation alternating between pitiful disillusionment and glorious confidence, always anxious to construct for itself a mythical history and a monumental identity.
There were 3,954 twins born in New York City in 1998, 3.2 percent of all live births in the city.
He added, ''This has never been presented to her.''
''Trucks are not as nimble, they're not as light, and if you don't have the need for the load-carrying capability or the three rows of seats, the passenger cars are a great value and a lot of fun to drive,'' said Ronald Boltz, a senior vice president at DaimlerChrysler A.G. To be sure, large cars have two substantial disadvantages when compared with sport utility vehicles: they have less cargo space, and they are not as tall.
The two films, which begin separate engagements at the Walter Reade Theater today, are so different in visual style that they almost seem the work of two directors.
A number of questions underlie this debate.
It remains a puzzle how the Mayor and the Chancellor allowed their disagreement to blossom into a disruptive feud.
Coffins were a coveted commodity.
The tomb has long been considered one of the greatest works of Mayan artistry.
The signs of the newly minted yuppie wealth in Bangalore, with a population of more than five million, are visible in bustling streets lined with brand-name stores, a profusion of bars where 20-something programmers go to party and large new apartment complexes decked out with health clubs, bowling alleys, swimming pools and tennis courts.
The agency said the raid took place at the Bazrkan oilfields near the southern city of Al Amarah, 220 miles southeast of Baghdad.
UConn basketball frenzy is by no means confined to this supercharged season, or to the university's 14,000 undergraduates.
But Mr. Jordan said he believed that the E-mail exchange shows there was little doubt about the purpose of bringing the Sudanese to train.
July 30-31: David Dorfman Dance.
Subsequently it became world famous on TV.
Think what that will mean for a city like New York, whose economy depends heavily on its thousands of restaurants.
We have lost sight of what health insurance once was and is supposed to be.
I don't think the industry is changing because of this case.''
But Mr. Davis said Republicans need not ''chase shadows'' in fear over these issues, and should be satisfied with their alternatives.
''I think that the House managers were obviously committed to their vision and view of the President's conduct,'' she says.
His partner, Peter Boyd, jumped directly to six hearts, reaching a perfect contract from the right side of the table.
He said that the Splichals would continue to run their restaurants but that the Restaurant Associates financial resources would enable them to continue expanding.
Jerome H. Somers, Chairman Rabbi Eric H. Yoffie, President Rabbi Alexander M. Schindler, President Emeritus
Kenneth W. Ledbetter, head of payload development at NASA headquarters, added, ''We can make Superman jealous with our X-ray vision.''
Defense spending in Western Europe fell to historical lows.
''Is this building a landmark?''
Tenth-seeded Gonzaga, a school of 4,500 students in Spokane, Wash., will now face Florida in the Round of 16, heady territory for a program known mainly in basketball circles only for producing the Utah Jazz star John Stockton in the mid-1980's.
Mr. Burnham agreed that the deal is sound.
Last month another 6,000 people, most of them ethnic Hutu fleeing the Tutsi-dominated army and militia groups, left Burundi.
The first issue, ''The Best,'' features articles from Times correspondents and writers from around the world, on topics as serious as the millennium's best idea, as rewarding as its best mistake and as whimsical as its best magic trick.
Shareholders expected Packard Bell to cut its losses from $650 million in 1998 to $100 million this year.
4:33:31 18736 Chowtavi, L, 24F .
The roads, officially designated as ''highways that serve a compelling statewide public safety interest,'' thus became the only unpaved highways in Utah.
Today, the American Chamber Ensemble appears in Weill Recital Hall at Carnegie Hall.
The question now is how much higher can the price of gold go.
Studying the psychology of Greek-Turkish relations is a passion for the historian Hercules Millas, who was born to Greek parents in Istanbul and considers himself at home in both countries.
Even some officials at the Public Service Commission, the state agency that regulates utilities, concede privately that there is far less competition than they had hoped for.
That could be enough to sway a Senate race in which about six million votes will be cast.
And the notion that life and social behavior are really just complex forms of information processing is taken quite seriously.
Both previously worked at the Radisson Hotel (now the Marriott) in Islandia.
To promote retirement savings, he wants to establish a new form of private investment account, mainly for low- to middle-income workers.
To the Editor: The disparaging comment made by Schools Chancellor Rudy Crew about City Councilman Stephen J. Fiala, ''He's too short to talk to me about that,'' betrays an insensitivity unacceptable for a public official (news article, Dec. 17).
''There have been delays in the timeliness of trades being reported when there are a large number of trades being handled at the opening.
Police departments in several cities, including Boston, New York, Baltimore and Los Angeles, now target the illegal sale of guns the way police have long cracked down on drugs, and the campaigns are credited with sharp drops in violent crime.
Although there was no full accounting of those attending tonight, such fund-raisers usually draw an array of lobbyists and trade-group representatives.
''And while they're gone, they're putting their house on the market to pay for the trip.''
Mr. Keane said a new category of at-work radio listener was emerging.
Congress last month doubled the president's salary, to $400,000 a year.
Rarely has a modern-minded photographer, whose work appeared regularly in the pages of fashion magazines and who poured out a steady stream of books and advertising images for clients like Revlon and Yves Saint Laurent, soared so freely while having one foot planted in the clay of the Greeks.
Mr. Morgan had enough of a collection to gather interest and to win a few clients.
To revive LVMH's ateliers, Mr. Arnault turned to Britain, hiring young designers like John Galliano at Christian Dior and Alexander McQueen at Givenchy.
Pat Conroy Novelist Clinton was my all-time favorite President.
As a result they have willing lenders, particularly corporate pension funds managed by Prudential.
After the Revolution, the Westchester countryside was wrecked.
The implication is clear -- Yale feels that it can stand on its own merits without any help (hindrance?)
IN his self-described crusade to ''rescue the children,'' the Rev.
At that point, Mr. Dombeck will need White House support, and if the President is as interested in creating an environmental legacy as he says he is, he will give his forest chief all the help he needs.
Ms. Endlich chronicles in close detail the emergence of Goldman Sachs as ''a global brand name,'' with offices and money-making power all over the world.
''I don't think there's anything so smart about me,'' says Isaiah Wilner, a Yale male who is the editor in chief of the campus newspaper.
CHILDREN'S AID SOCIETY 105 East 22d Street, New York, N.Y. 10010.
He was a longtime trustee and officer of Altro Health and Rehabilitation Services, an agency of the former Federation of Jewish Philanthropies now UJA-Federation, of which he was a Life Trustee.
When Temple lost to Stanford, he swore never again.
Soon the turn of the millennium will come and go, and historians of technology will look back at the year 2000 computer problem -- the Y2K ''crisis,'' as this newspaper and many others now call it.
A fund-raising jazz concert takes place each June in Norwalk.
Mr. Slifer pointed out that recent hints of a slowdown, flattening retail sales and a decline in the housing sector had to be echoed in other data for the Fed to relax on rates.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index, which had been held aloft by the stellar performance of a handful of stocks, also plunged, leaving it in negative territory for the year.
A few miles away Salviana Mukagatare, 30, crossed a dirt road through a banana grove.
Each of the 174 Corps farming complexes is a Chinese stronghold.
In three of the works -- the Sonata Concertante (1952), the Quartet No.
I think he'll be able to go.''
This time, Garbu caught Aboriginal Apex at the top of the stretch and opened a one-length lead, but Wild Event, under Shane Sellers, began to slowly cut into the margin.
It is just that Cassell is really the chucker World B.
Just a few months before, a feature writer had been living in a homeless shelter.
''They won't be able to survive much longer.''
American remains found in the rice paddies or jungles of Southeast Asia are taken to the Army's Central Identification Laboratory in Hawaii, which now has more than 120 sets of remains and hopes to identify each eventually.
The question now is which ones don't.
Ines is a correspondent for L'Unita, which she calls ''the Communist paper of Italy,'' and her commitment to her work draws James out of the margins, first to Ireland, giving him a chance to visit his mother in Belfast, and then to Africa.
Freshstart Venture Capital Corporation, one of the last remnants of the Nixon Administration's black capitalism program, agreed yesterday to be acquired by the Medallion Financial Corporation, the largest lender to taxi medallion owners in the city.
The next Patrick Ewing will be paid the same as the next Michael Jordan.
''If we just stood still, we'd be in trouble.
Baffert also saw a smart workout today by his 2-year-old filly Chilukki, who shot five furlongs in 59 seconds.
Robin Zendell, associate director of Retail Leasing for G.V.A.
You can't direct your own funeral.''
''That was the last one?
Eight days after his 37th birthday, a somber, dark-suited King Abdullah II took the oath of office as the fourth ruler of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan.
Mr. Hatfield's previous book was a similarly unauthorized biography of Patrick Stewart, the star of the television series ''Star Trek: The Next Generation.''
It collects these risk factors based on actual cases and organizes them in a way so we can have a consistent approach.''
Neurosis is not simply a condition in this diary; it is the oxygen.
The Central Park coyote will be presented to the public sometime in May.
Quit feeding and reduce watering to every 10 days or so in the fall, when the base, or pseudobulb, begins to swell.
Tonight at 7 (with a preconcert talk at 6:30).
Mr. Spielberg's soberly magnificent new film is the finest war movie of our time.
Directed by Donald Petrie (PG, 88 minutes).
But that doesn't change the basic equation.
The shooting closed traffic and nearby businesses during the late morning and early afternoon.
Over the last few years, clinics across the country have begun employing manual vacuum aspiration earlier than they have traditionally performed abortions -- in some places as early as four or even three weeks after a woman's last period.
Naval Academy (Class of 1945).
''It's funny and sickening and emotional.
Modano notched his 18th, 19th and 20th of the season, rebounding from a subpar effort in Wednesday night's 2-1 victory over Florida with his second hat trick of the season and sixth of his career.
''Our experience of time changes with our moods, with our age, with our level of busyness, with the complexity of our culture.''
But it has mostly come out of his own pocket.
He has collected an additional 65 cases from the medical literature, and discovered hundreds of other accounts of patients who underwent frontal lobotomies -- at one time a popular treatment for psychosis -- and experienced a loss of dreaming.
Another quarter-percentage-point increase in short-term interest rates is a distinct possibility at the Fed's policy-making meeting on Nov. 16, said Donald Fine, chief market analyst for Chase Asset Management.
What might appear to be a minor or incidental work often proves very important.
''Sometimes a passenger is yelling at me to get off the phone,'' he said, ''but they don't know that I am trying to find a faster way out of bad traffic.''
Mr. Milosevic's office later issued a statement reiterating his ''negative position'' on foreign troops.
All in the group of roughly two dozen meeting today were white.
The prosecutor, Marc Fliedner, said Mr. Manzie's defense of Mr. Simmons was not unexpected, but Mr. Fliedner warned the judge that ''the young person who's going to speak to you is still a teenager.''
In lieu of flowers, donations can be made to the Members Handicapped Childrens Fund, sent to the New York Stock Exchange, C/O Anthony Corso Jr., 11 Wall St., New York, NY.
He was a pioneer in the attempt to plumb the limits of computers.
That, in effect, is the challenge that Land Rover faced with the Series II Discovery -- a challenge created by its own Range Rover stablemates, which effectively pioneered the upscale sport utility and still wallow comfortably in the $60,000-plus class.
For the summer season the network has freshened its Monday-to-Thursday lineup, particularly from 10 to 11 P.M., starting tomorrow.
He made four birdie putts of 10 to 15 feet, birdied two par 5's from bunkers and birdied his last three holes.
''It may have helped incentivize those members of the board who were on the fence,'' he said, ''but we offered it irrespective of their support.''
When children's time is ''tightly allocated'' with aftercare, drama class and the like, are we really doing so to help the children?
Many economists and investors expect the central bank to push its benchmark Federal funds target rate up by a quarter-point, to 5 percent, at the end of the month.
Mr. Josefowicz will succeed Robert DiRomualdo, the chairman who has also been acting as interim president and chief executive.
Damon and Paltrow are not a couple in the film, and they would as soon kill each other as kiss.
Jackson made $6 million in his last year as the Bulls' coach.
and calling the party members inside traitors.
By May 31, 1932, 15 companies submitted estimates ranging from $289,000 to $362,000.
BREWERS 7, REDS 4 Geoff Jenkins put Milwaukee ahead with a two-run double in the eighth and Jose Valentin added a two-run homer as the visiting Brewers rallied to beat Cincinnati.
''If you own even the smallest interest in an audit client, the perception might be that you are not independent.''
The other patients who have trouble coping, Dr. Adkinson said, are people who develop asthma after the age of 30, more often women than men.
4:36:45 19519 Jansson, S, 38F .
Don't get Senator James M. Inhofe started on Bill Clinton.
He cited as especially dangerous Mr. Chavez's ''insistence on the proposal to eliminate 'no immediate re-election' and the apoliticism of the armed forces, which have been so significant to the political history of Venezuela and all Latin America.''
Mr. Maritz has come quite a distance in his rise to become a senior executive at the world's largest software company, with a personal wealth of more than $300 million.
''We have a long-standing policy to support incumbents and we won't break that,'' he said.
The lack of convention in Ms. Ernaux's shadowed writing is perhaps its chief virtue.
Adored mother of Carol and Harvey Baron and Arthur and Nancy Sherman.
There are two answers to the Speaker's logic, which is essentially a cover for his distaste for reform.
To be sure, peer groups do have an important influence.
Having flunked hand-eye coordination, he failed to catch it on the rise, and the ball bounced away, catching the attention of an official, who gave him a technical foul.
Five years later, Mr. Treuhaft has two more children and a tidy nest egg from the sale of Netscape this year to America Online.
Purchased the contracts of INF Jeff Huson and INF Tim Unroe from Edmonton.
But we also become more savvy and belligerent about fighting noisy neighbors.
Now I am on my third World Cup.''
Some programs don't even make use of a mouse; any key a baby bangs will prompt a response.
ON THE PALISADES ''View From the Bandstand,'' photography by Al Stewart.
Mr. Hovnanian said the project has attracted executive couples who work in Manhattan and affluent buyers from the suburbs who are moving into smaller quarters and want to be closer to the city.
American troops in Central America today are social workers in fatigues, clearing highways, providing shelter and immunizing children.
That prospect excites some theater owners.
And it is the company's hunger for residential customers that best explains AT&T's seeming feeding frenzy.
The goal is to counter a growing belief that AIDS is no longer as much a menace to public health as it seemed before the introduction of treatments like protease inhibitor drugs.
This would be a remarkable outcome for an election that was widely described as Indonesia's first democratic vote in four decades.
''The anticipated growth,'' it said, ''reflects advances in medical technology that are expected to raise health care costs and a continued increase in the use of services by beneficiaries.''
That approach alone will lead to failure, predicted Joan Jones, 49.
Still, the 38-year-old author was a formidable presence.
Mr. Garcia says the bank saved his life; Mr. Akers says it just about ruined his.
At state legislative hearings and in position papers, critics of the plan say the unilateral graduation requirements often pose unattainable standards for students not bound for college who want to pursue jobs immediately on graduation.
Standing in the right circle, Sykora one-timed Patrik Elias's pass from the other side past Barrasso.
At La Guardia, for example, the number of commercial aircraft slots -- designated times when a plane can take off or land -- is limited to 48 per hour from 6 A.M. to midnight.
Even some of the architects of punitive drug policies now argue that stuffing the prisons with ever more drug offenders is not a wise investment.
It hasn't been working out.
That logo is more of a reminder of what the Indians haven't done than what they have.
3:08:29 1101 Trani, J, 27M .
The Boeing Company said yesterday that it had chosen the General Electric Company to build the world's most powerful jet engine for a new ultra-long-range version of its wide-body 777 jetliner.
Joe Torre joins more than 179,000 men in the United States who will be found to have prostate cancer this year, according to estimates by the American Cancer Society.
One of the raters mentioned in the memos and cited only by his first name, speaking for the entire board, said simply to a Paramount executive: ''Some people don't want to get specific, they said they didn't see any way that this could be anything but an NC.
EToys had sued etoy after hearing from customers who went to the art site by mistake, including some who complained about its profane language.
And his later catch phrase: trust but verify.
''It's very hard to find a chef who really wants to do something new, to tackle a whole new cuisine.''
''You can summon enough strength to do it, because you've done it before.
Mr. Trupin ran afoul of the town's building code by expanding and heightening the oceanfront house he had bought, complete with turrets, an underground shark tank and numerous other additions, often painted in purple or pink, which infuriated neighbors.
But Alan Eisenberg, executive director of American Equity, said that the trade agreement was still needed to protect American jobs.
''I saw the Americans, waving and crossing the river on rafts,'' he said.
''Mexicans still mourn the dead from that war, but that shouldn't poison our future,'' he said.
Though he scored 20 points, 14 of them had come in the first half, and he had been disastrous in the fourth, missing seven of his first eight shots and two free throws with 58 seconds remaining.
In 1960: ''Under the new social conditions, photography, for the first time, completely serves to communicate and propagate the great humanist ideas of peace, of friendship among the peoples, and of human happiness.''
The Hotel La Mamounia in Marrakech, Morocco, has a nine-night package that includes an Andalusian band and performances by the composer Claude Bolling and his Big Band.
The 74-year-old retiree was a volunteer in the gift shop at North Shore University Hospital in Manhasset, and when he felt ill one day in April he was put on a gurney and rolled from the gift shop to the hospital's emergency room, where he was told that he might need an invasive diagnostic test and possibly a pacemaker.
Some Bush advisers said they would have preferred that Mrs. Dole had stayed in the race, at least to distract Mr. McCain and the others.
Now, Judge Wright ultimately ruled that, giving Ms. Jones every benefit of the doubt, she had failed both legally and factually to present allegations that merited going to trial.
For many of those at iVillage, though, the talk is less of pushing that flywheel than of pumping money into the local economy in different ways: buying an apartment, taking a vacation, paying for a nice wedding.
Its co-founders, Robert Diener and David Litman, will remain president and chief executive, respectively.
''He goes way beyond that, contributing his own personal money at times to keep the choir going.''
Ms. Messer was declared dead at the scene.
Through interviews and firsthand observation, Century follows K's frustrations, from escaping abusive homes to his own unwed fatherhood, repeated incarcerations in detention centers and jails, then serial employment as a security guard.
None of the 50 men in this group say they have ever fought with the rebels.
''Maybe it's desperation and reality,'' he said.
Emboldened and more effective fund directors, says Arthur Levitt Jr., chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, who hosted a conference in Washington last week on the topic.
Chesapeake said it planned to buy about 4.1 million Shorewood shares from Ariel Capital Management Inc. for $17.25 a share.
He served in the Army, landing in Normandy a few days after D-Day.
''It's a poignant testimony to our national incapacity to develop a rational and humane health policy.''
While elected officials, movie stars and hundreds of regular citizens in New York City have assailed Mr. Giuliani's handling of the Diallo case, the fury seems not to have spread to upstate New York, where the Republican Mayor recently began testing the waters for a possible Senate race.
Mr. Morial has said he will challenge the legislation in court.
When choosing hotels, my husband, David, and I had been prepared to sacrifice elegance for child-friendliness.
''I don't know if I was surprised,'' said Scott, when asked about how few minutes he played.
Benitez, firing his demon fastball past batters, assumed the closer's role after John Franco was injured and played a major role in the team's drive, albeit tortured, to the playoffs.
The four parts of the cycle were tied to the four seasons, from a ''Rheingold'' primavera to an icebound ''Gotterdammerung.''
Behind the scenes, Mr. Gore has been influential in helping set priorities since the situation inside Kosovo deteriorated.
NATO had been debating for weeks whether or not to destroy state television, and warnings had gone out earlier this week to American television correspondents to stay out of the a complex at 10 Takovska Street, in the heart of the city and surrounded by residential and commercial buildings.
In 1995, they had a 6-11 start.
(Ms. Gray's van was in a friend's driveway in Marin County, refusing to run).
Keep the baseball coverage minimal.
''Their goalie cheated a little in the near post,'' Percell said of his winner, ''and I took advantage.
Two sentences in flowery handwriting appeared below.
Dr. Michael Klemens, a Rye scientist and land-use planner with the Bronx-based Wildlife Conservation Society, called the scruffy wetland a ''cradle of biodiversity'' as he led a group of civic and environmental leaders, including Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and the Speaker of the New York City Council, Peter F. Vallone, on a recent tour.
They made the sign of the cross, then tumbled and literally cartwheeled into the center of the circle.
Grossfeld's images are sparkling and upbeat, evoking not the park's gloomy history but its charming eccentricities and ever-startling greenness -- a place where it was always heaven to be miserable.
If Mr. Armstrong is successful, then I get repaid.
As a health practitioner who frequently cares for dying patients and their families I am grateful to this pioneer for her work and philosophy on a matter that ultimately faces us all.
It sort of means it happened, every now and then.
Later, speaking with reporters, Officer Schwarz's lawyer, Stephen C. Worth contended that the display was ''a typical prosecutorial cheap shot.''
Weinstein and Vassiliev's short biographical sketch of my father contains a host of errors, including the description of him (cited by Persico) as ''a descendant of Confederate general Robert E.
''Thirty seconds later, the principal was in the room consulting with the student.''
Today the gunmen appeared to aim at minority members and athletes at the 1,800-student school, as well as peers who had poked fun at the group in the past.
What else do you have?
Playing in perfect conditions on the seaside course, Woods highlighted his round with an incredible second shot from a knoll next to a bunker on the 557-yard No.
Arnold J. Levine, President Richard Fisher, Chairman Board of Trustees David Rockefeller, Honorary Chairman and Life Trustee Board of Trustees
The agency plan calls for an extra signal that can tell pilots where they are within about 21 feet.
On Saturday, the feast day of St. Gerard, a two-acre parklike plaza will be dedicated by Archbishop Theodore McCarrick in front of St. Lucy's.
''There was no preparation for independence.
It would be hard to design a chillier, more unwelcoming public plaza than that of the Grace Building, at 43d Street and Avenue of the Americas.
''As you know, Shannon Sharpe is a pretty sharp cookie and he can get under people's skin.''
How would you propose to rectify this imbalance between the control of and responsibility for providing health care?
Mossflower, who was the sentimental favorite because she won her first six races with dazzling speed, got good reviews from her trainer, Rich Schosberg.
''He was caught in hell,'' his brother said, his voice breaking.
At the Longacre Theater, 220 West 48th Street, Manhattan.
11 a.m. Information: (212) 757-7013.
''They lost their credibility,'' said Peter S. Jacobs, an analyst with Ragen MacKenzie, a brokerage firm in Seattle.
They are so much alike!
''You can't compete with a convenience store,'' she said, referring to Duane Reade.
5:11:51 26537 Kalifa, J, 39M .
This is not a book from which to gain a clear picture of modern Indonesian history or of Pramoedya's place in it -- there is too little context, too many gaps, including gaps about Pramoedya's own fiercely political role in the cultural politics of the country before his arrest.
Nancy Lawrence Feller and all your friends and employees at MRP Lawrence Marketing, Armonk, N.Y. FEIDELSON-Babs.
Larger reductions would of course improve the odds.
For Merrill Lynch, the campaign comes as the company is scrambling to confront challenges from scrappy, upstart on-line brokerage firms.
In 1974 Congress passed the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (Erisa) to protect employees from arbitrary actions by their employers that affect their pensions.
But better players could become available later during the preseason as teams trim their rosters.
The main saloon, which also served as a library, was furnished with benches and tables made from rich, deep red jarrah, a native hardwood.
There may never be anything quite as compelling as what transpired in recent evenings.
4:59:30 24536 Panico, P, 54M .
It's like talking about religion.
Deputy Commissioner Leff noted that there were developers ''who will try to outbid us -- sometimes successfully.''
Crew that the board had supported his initiatives in the past and looked forward to doing so in the future.
The highest state court in Massachusetts heard arguments today about whether spanking a child constituted abuse or was just good discipline.
did achieve during the cold war were enabled mostly by the greed of American and other traitors; and that good intelligence was often neutered by a fear of upsetting the cherished preconceptions of Kremlin leaders.
He hit one pitch into the right field stands, strutted out of the cage and said to his fellow pitchers, ''All you got to do is look at the back of my bubble gum card.''
AGAINST DESIGN: ART FOR MODERN LIVING -- Many young artists are blurring the line between art, architecture and design, and a dozen of the brightest -- including Kevin Appel, Angela Bulloch, Larry Johnson, Jorge Pardo, Tobias Rehberger, Pae White and Andrea Zittel -- are gathered here.
Mr. Pataki later pushed through changes that reduced some technical requirements and lowered the number of signatures necessary to qualify in each district.
Framing is the biggest time consumer,'' he said.
They, too, have benefited as donors have felt more generous and have been able to pass on that largess.
Pakistan's five decades of independence have been split between civilian and military rule, and the sad reality is that the civilian governments have been greater thieves than the military ones.
With securities regulators preparing to file suit, Bear Stearns has raised the offer in an attempt to avoid litigation.
And inside atoms, tiny particles move according to the mathematics of quantum mechanics.
She did not disclose whether the shares had been converted to cash.
To trick her children into drinking it in cheaper, powdered form, she started sweetening the watery substitute with sugar and slipping it into regular milk jugs.
Studies have suggested that food aromas can be used as a diet aid.
After all, such brutal pasts do produce survivors.
That experience is even better if the beer you come home to has your own label on it because you made it.
The new Godzilla has a wider mouth, with which he picks up a fishing boat, and his skin is coarser and deep green, except for the fins.
2 put him 12 under, but that was the high point on the front.
But when they look at nearby video monitors, they won't see an exhibit with a green background; they will see themselves riding a dinosaur in Venice, Calif.
This has been getting harder: one recent turn of events in turntablism is that its most renowned practitioners (like the Invisible Skratch Piklz and Peanut Butter Wolf) have made and marketed their own cut-and-scratch sound-effects records.
After yesterday's victory, he told his team to enjoy the moment.
The McCain campaign may be trying so assiduously to show movement to blunt the impact of Mrs. Dole's solid third-place finish in the straw poll.
But at the park you lose yourself amid glacial rocks and emerge for doughnuts and cider sold at a family orchard, a relic of the 1800's.
The company, founded in 1996 as TheDJ.com, offers 175,000 songs on 120 channels; the fare includes punk, funk, gospel, gumbo, surf and swing.
Those who know me well will tell you I am true to my word.
Recalled OF Jacob Cruz and OF Alex Ramirez from Buffalo.
In recent years, the Bills have provided a boost when the Jets have needed it, especially last season.
The Chase Manhattan Corporation said yesterday that its second-quarter earnings rose a greater-than-expected 25 percent partly because of strength in Internet investments, trading, investment banking and credit cards.
She sang ''Take Me Out to the Ball Game.''
Faced with a shrinking lode of good amateur players in North America, teams have fanned out all over the world pursuing nuggets they hope will grow to be major league gems.
The bride's father, Arthur P. McLaughlin, lives in Alfred, N.Y., where he is a professor of civil engineering and land surveying at the State University College of Technology.
Stephen J. Capestro Theater, Roosevelt park, Edison.
So from the top of a number to the end, the Rockettes will go somewhere.''
''That, of course, reflects the smallness of the available territory.
It was the sheer growth of the institution under Mr. Conway that prompted the society to reach beyond the zoo world for a replacement, zoo officials said.
Shawnda Payne, 17, who lives on the 11th floor, lay nearby with a head wound.
The tropical heat can be merciless on the 34-square-mile base, especially during the summer months, and Cubans and Haitians who lived in the tent cities earlier in the decade had complaints about sanitation, medical care, food and boredom.
An agreement last week between the West and Russia outlined the kind of solution the outside powers would seek instead -- a withdrawal from Kosovo of the Yugoslav Army, police and paramilitary fighters, with an international security force to replace them.
''The CUNY board is in chaos, so why would the Governor want to reward the purveyor of chaos?''
The issue for Strickland is Marbury's intemperance and apparent disrespect for fellow players.
And Doherty's style may be working.
The source of inspiration for most teachers is their classroom.
Ray Durham reached on a throwing error by first baseman Mike Sweeney.
So pleased were the railroads with the improvements in Houston that they are planning similar joint operations centers to control trackage in the Powder River Basin in eastern Wyoming and the areas around Los Angeles and Kansas City.
But they said he was very likely to get the post.
I like the bar area, where you can relax on a banquette; the dining room feels a bit staid, the formality of the furnishings and attitude of the staff just a little old-fashioned, a throwback even in semi-rural Connecticut.
For one thing, the codes are generally designed to prevent loss of life by keeping buildings from collapsing.
But in his record as governor there was one similarly troubling episode.
''There's been an improvement in her level of wakefulness,'' said Lorinda Klein, a hospital spokeswoman.
Eric has had to read the cards to know how powerful the monsters are.
A devotee of cutting-edge design, he seemed eager to extol the beauty of his loft, and its sense of play: the space flows freely through three distinct areas, kept in flux by moving parts and transparency.
And there are style wars breaking out.
Ramos has missed every league game since injuring his right leg in the season-opening victory in Miami.
Memorial service at St. Patrick's Old Cathedral, Mott and Prince Streets.
''It's intended for a mature audience,'' said Mr. Wolf, who would prefer to see the series, now shown on Mondays at 9 P.M., in a 10 P.M. slot.
For example, let's start with the issue of the lying to the aides.
Years ago Good Humor made strictly Good Humors.
But even as King begins a run at a fourth straight title -- the P.S.A.L.
The reader can divide the computer screen into segments and view the various translations side by side.
In recent years, Brazil has overtaken Germany as the second-largest coffee-consuming country, leading producers to focus more on domestic demand.
(One can always close the book, go outside and kick a stone.)
All that just cleansed the palate for the main event -- the two-story Coca-Cola store below, where we could have bought Coca-Cola baseball caps, piggy banks, toothpick dispensers or a stone sculpture of balanced Coke bottles from England called ''Cokehenge'' that cost $500.
It was not the first time this season that the Islanders did not stand up for a teammate, as hockey protocol demands.
''Patients order them directly from the company, and I get a very small royalty from their purchase.''
He said he has increasingly seen bikes on sidewalks, especially ones ridden by food deliverers, messengers and commuters.
While he may have dismissed the assimilationist-minded free people of color, he believed the other elements of the black community could be brought together.
Baseball has not banned andro, many experts believe, because it would cast a pall on the home-run record.
In recent days, law-enforcement critics and Republicans in Congress have assailed her, saying that she misled them about the use of military-style inflammable tear gas devices.
He also, quite naturally, evinces concern about his ability to come up with a serviceable plot.
''He worries so much about where it's going that it affects his mechanics.
The output was so boundless that a collection of 38 early stories, written under a pseudonym for newspapers and magazines, ''The Undiscovered Chekhov,'' was published just last month by Seven Stories Press.
Prosecutors, however, produced ballistic tests that they said showed the bullets were live.
Over all, 45 percent considered their school safe or extremely safe, and 42 percent said it was somewhat safe, which, some experts say, may reflect some solid good sense.
They started in a trilateral meeting with Mr. Clinton in the Oval Office, picking up again in a three-way meeting with Ms. Albright.
On the line for Green Giant Niblets brand corn, where workers once picked out discolored kernels by hand, electronic eyes now detect the rejects, and a puff of air blasts the offending kernel from the conveyer belt.
Cook for a few more minutes, then remove from heat.
Harassment occurs, he said, when submission to such conduct is made a term or condition of employment, or rejection of such conduct is used as the basis for employment decisions affecting an employee, or when the conduct unreasonably interferes with an individual's performance or creates an intimidating, hostile or offensive working environment.
A charming leitmotif of her book becomes her search for this orchid.
Ms. Wald, who was appointed by the United Nations Secretary General, Kofi Annan, after consultations with the Security Council and the General Assembly, is to serve until November 2001.
''If you would have interviewed him in his first years, he would have appeared less sophisticated.
He is an attending anesthesiologist at St. Elizabeth's Hospital in Elizabeth, N.J.
TEXAS TECH 73, KANSAS STATE 60 Keitha Dickerson scored a career-high 21 points, including 14 in the second half, as No.
Do you know of any events in the Hudson Valley?
And you would never know.
And though it was invented at the University of California at Berkeley, EMC developed it into a commercially viable product that processed data faster than conventional storage devices and took up less floor space, too.
People are tired of fighting what they now regard as a manageable disease.
Mr. Gorman says now he wishes that distinction had passed the company by.
He received a 90-day suspended sentence and was ordered to attend counseling sessions.
''We're not going to conclude that welfare reform 'worked' or 'didn't work' -- it'll work for some and not for others.''
The deal spares both sides an expensive and risky battle.
The set menu begins with a salmon trio (tartar, marinated and smoked) or miniature pumpkins filled with a lobster mixture or lentil soup with a bit of smoked foie gras.
Women from 25 to about 50 make up the largest group of users of the site, but eDiets is also trying to develop special areas for men, vegetarians and people with specialized diets.
''The family and doctors are optimistic that they will be successful.''
Offer even a tentative opinion about a particular restaurant to a resident of this food-crazed city and chances are the response will include not only a detailed history of that establishment and its food, but a list of a half-dozen other places that are better, and subtle suggestions about why partisans of the restaurant in question are so misinformed.
Lauren Levitt, who just graduated from the University of Pennsylvania and is planning to share a place with Boris Bogatin and David Cotterman, fellow Penn graduates, was looking at apartments recently with a Citi Habitats broker.
''We're playing with someone's life.''
''But he was doing good for 70,000 people and he had been in his position a long time.
The Governor, John Engler, predicted in an interview that he would be able to sign the bill by Easter, giving Detroit's Mayor, Dennis Archer, enough time to name a new board before the school year begins in September.
The lawsuit, filed in federal district court here by the Electronic Privacy Information Center, seeks the public disclosure of internal documents discussing the legality of the agency's intelligence activities.
But that is enough to hook kids like Milton Rollins.
He began, as a man younger than Amadou, as a street peddler in Senegal.
''I intend to keep my tables and chairs outside.''
The conundrum is complicated all the more by the potential impact of humans' burning of fossil fuels like coal, oil and natural gas, which produces the heat-trapping atmospheric gas carbon dioxide.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 124.35 points, or 1.3 percent, to 9,200.23.
So Alhambra, which wants the road to ease gridlock and foster growth, declared guerrilla war, at first blocking some intersections entirely, then drastically re-timing lights to slow traffic.
They take turns playing host to monthly beer parties for younger employees.
Cleaves needs to play better and make wiser decisions than he did in a 73-67 loss to Duke in December.
We have people in high school who can't multiply or divide.''
Anti-slavery sermons were delivered from the pulpits of the city's churches as early as 1774.
Created specifically for the galleries by the American artist Chris Burden, this 20-foot-long robotic assembly line transforms tissue paper, balsa wood and plastic into rubber-band powered model airplanes in a sequence that ends with each plane ascending some 60 feet and landing on the gallery floor.
'' She continued: ''Usually I just persist and get it done.
''The parents here are so very involved in the schools,'' said Edward P. Mavragis, the Seaford Schools Superintendent.
While the study had certain limitations -- it did not examine how patients fared, for instance -- the authors, who paid for the research themselves, said the data were the best available.
Even the Governor, who was initially skeptical of some complaints against the troopers, conducted her own inquiry and eventually concluded that some officers routinely discriminated against minority civilians and co-workers.
But Mr. Paulson said that had changed.
''It wasn't that he was afraid of the ball, just that he didn't want to miss.
To the Editor: As a physician volunteer who just returned from working with Kosovar refugees in Albania, I was disturbed to read about complaints (front page, June 29) that American companies donated medical supplies that were unnecessary.
And I've changed the way I feel about Indigo.
Phone.com Inc., Redwood City, Calif., 6.6 million shares.
The State Attorney General, Peter G. Verniero, appointed a special prosecutor, James J. Gerrow Jr., to investigate the case and present evidence to a grand jury.
So on Feb. 15, which they have declared ''Windows Refund Day,'' they are going to present their case to Microsoft, en masse.
The convention runs Friday from 6 P.M. to 2 A.M., Saturday from 10 A.M. to 2 P.M. and Sunday from 10 A.M. to 9 P.M. (632-6045).
Investigators said yesterday that Mr. Woodson -- the fourth person arrested in a convoluted case that began when Officer Carnegie approached a robbery suspect and was shot in the head and abdomen 11 days ago -- was traced through a 9 millimeter pistol that the authorities believe was used in the shooting.
PRINCETON--Announced the retirement of David Benjamin, men's tennis coach and director of tennis, after the 1999-2000 season.
*''An Evening of Classic and Contemporary Pop'' with Julie Wilson and Lina Koutrakos, Aug. 27 at 7:30.
Still, many grocers insist that their flowers come from the same wholesalers who supply floral shops.
Staten Island University Hospital said that Mr. Dean was discharged from the hospital on Thursday.
Gregory Wilhoit CONVICTED -- 1987 RELEASED -- 1993 CRIME -- Killing his estranged wife in her sleep in Oklahoma.
''I have the right to protect myself,'' he said.
LYNNE YAMAMOTO, ''The Long Twilight,'' Whitney Museum of American Art at Philip Morris, 120 Park Avenue, at 42d Street, (917) 663-2453 (through April 23).
Ms. Kingston bought it from a private company that acquired it at auction from a lender, rehabilitated it at a cost it said came to $30,000, and resold it to her.
4:57:52 24172 Oku, N, 22F .
But then, as evidenced by Mr. Rivera's work, exposes have a way of changing with the times.
He moved to the wealthy New York suburb in 1991, around the same time he plunged into the insurance business.
''I'll just go to summer school and work my brains off,'' Matthew Critchlow said.
Alan Snyder, president of Snyder Capital Management in San Francisco, also sees Liberty hitting $62.
They are essentially from the 14th century, built by Yusef I and his son Mohammed V. If the Cathedral's columns are thick and powerful, supporting great weight, those of the Alhambra are like the slender legs of beautiful women.
Although most people drive straight through the Kaneohe area on their way to somewhere else, it has several interesting sites worthy of a close look.
Other potential successors come from within the Popular Party, where analysts say that a longtime Fraga aide, Jose Cuina, heads a faction strong in rural Galicia, while Madrid's conservatives are pushing an aide to Prime Minister Aznar, Mariano Rajoy, who represents the urbane, better-educated Galicians.
''Why allow Yugoslavia to be destroyed?''
Detailed architectural drawings by a New Jersey architect, Dahn & Krieger, date to late 1997, Mr. Diamond said, and have been revised several times since then.
The ball rolled down the right-field line and Croushore ran through a stop sign from the third-base coach Rene Lachemann before scoring with a headfirst dive at the plate on a close play.
Mr. Siegel said he and representatives of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund had sent a letter to the State Attorney General, Eliot L. Spitzer, asking him to create a special police misconduct legal unit within his office.
'' Far from begrudging her friend the attention, Ms. Boyle said, she enjoys watching her savor the moment.
And the Frick Art Museum, a country cousin of the New York showplace, exhibits the collection of Henry Clay Frick's daughter, Helen; its highlights are a magisterial Rubens portrait and works by the Sienese masters Duccio and Sassetta.
3:39:17 5011 Griffin, S, 30F .
''That was the biggest relief for me in the match.''
They are purposely insulated from the immediate pressures and shifting currents of the body politic.
''It's just two different classes of people, the university and everybody else, and they just think differently, and they have different agendas.''
Perhaps this is an overly harsh judgment to make of a magazine so new, but it is made on Ms. Brown's own terms.
''She'll show us what we don't know every time.
Dear sister, loving grandmother and great-grandmother.
With the introduction in 2000 of Merced, the first generation of the IC64 family, they will begin to make a move into the larger server business.
In the week of her 95th birthday, Emma Buck weeded her century-old rosebushes with a 120-year-old German sickle and fetched water from a wooden bucket in the well house -- cool, clean spring water bearing the slight taste of oak.
Jean Georges **** [RATING: Four Stars] (212) 299-3900 1 Central Park West $$$$ All major cards In every aspect, from the austere design of the dining room to the pacing of the meal to the quiet professionalism of the staff, the focus at Jean-Georges Vongerichten's restaurant is on the food.
''I thought that was pretty cool.''
A spokesman for the airline, Shih Ping-huang, said, ''Side wind was very strong when the plane landed.''
It seemed to cater to American and other tourist groups as well as to anglers.
Declaring spending an emergency means that it technically does not count against the spending limits, or caps, imposed by Congress in 1997.
One of the tragedies of Sudan's war is that John Garang's S.P.L.A.
The investigation of the Three Tenors has not only proved embarrassing to them but has also obliged them to keep out of Germany -- and in Mr. Pavarotti's case to cancel two concerts in Berlin late last year -- to avoid the risk of arrest.
The new budget, which will be submitted to Congress in February, includes $60 billion to buy new weapons systems, a goal long sought by the Joint Chiefs of Staff, as well as last-minute help from the White House to cover fuel bills and other expenses that were higher than expected.
We just have to build on it now.
The committee proposal has $13.1 million in revenue additions, including $6 million of county surplus money from the 1998 budget -- which Mr. Spano included as an item in the contingency fund -- $1 million more in sales tax revenue and $3.5 million more in federal and state aid for transportation.
You will fish long and hard for bluefish, with anglers up and down the East Coast and the social ladder, before encountering another angler who knows what a maenad is.
(Pittsburgh, 400 miles or so back up the Ohio River, is building its own pair.)
Mr. Pataki said he scheduled the first Albany gathering after realizing that all 49 other governors had prayer breakfasts.
An additional 474 Kosovars who have been staying in the United States and Canada are to fly home today.
And, Kate soon begins to fear, Martin may be after one more thing.
But beyond 250 threads per square inch, he said, it doesn't really matter.
The classes vary in price.
The Mets' relief corps has been instrumental in their improved play.
Under the legislation, the state would no longer have to consider preserving and reuniting families if a parent has subjected the child to severe -- including sexual -- abuse, or if the parent has been convicted of murder, assault or other serious felonies.
The walker should stride at 3 miles per hour or more, or 20 minutes or less per mile.
Alfredo Kraus, a lyric tenor who was revered for the refinement of his phrasing and the artistry he brought to bel canto roles, died yesterday at his home in Madrid.
But the company might just as easily give competitors a bit more running room in response to the antitrust case, or agree to a settlement, accomplishing at least some of what the government set out to do without enduring a protracted legal struggle.
6 Normandy Heights Road, Morristown.
In the Ridgewood School District, state history, taught in the fourth grade, is part of the social studies program, whose fundamental purpose, according to the district's curriculum guidelines, is to ''provide students with experiences which will develop the knowledge, skills and attitudes necessary for functioning as effective, perceptive, problem-solving members of society.''
First as an Assistant Corporation Counsel assigned to the office of Chamberlain A.A. Berle, Jr., and next as a law secretary to New York State Supreme Court Justice, Samuel H. Hofstadler.
Neither was available for comment last week.
But while the right is fond of lecturing everyone else about ''individual responsibility,'' it takes no responsibility for its own calamities, whether political (dumping all of Mr. Starr's unexpurgated porn on the country) or moral (ceding the impeachment high ground to Trent Lott and Bob Barr, who not only appeared before a racist organization but lied about it).
Unlike the Rio player, notes Jonathan Korzen, a company spokesman, the Mobile Player-Plus does not use the MP3 format to store its material, but uses its own much-compressed format that, unlike MP3, protects downloaded material from unauthorized copying.
Clouds and rain over the area since then had made it impossible to follow up since, officials said.
ST. THOMAS CHURCH (Episcopal), Fifth Avenue at 53d Street.
But the Mets have not been able to capitalize on the Braves' shortcomings, and Maddux and Glavine have exhibited recent signs of regaining their deft strike-zone touch.
3:03:12 826 Nieto Carrera, J, 41M .
held Mississippi (12-6, 3-4) without a field goal for 11:36.
Seattle asked repeatedly about Edgardo Alfonzo before trading Randy Johnson to Houston last summer.
Some made wood fires, others were trying to build shelters.
There is an abundance of help available both for preparing returns and for pursuing tax-saving strategies.
draft if he decides to enter it.
What the Stars Mean **** -- Extraordinary *** -- Excellent ** -- Very Good * -- Good None Poor to Satisfactory Price Range Based on the cost of a three-course dinner, per person, tax, tip and drinks not included.
I told her, 'Don't be in a hurry.'
The Chechen leader, Aslan Maskhadov, a relative moderate who has little control over Chechen field commanders fighting for independence from Russia, wrote to Mr. Clinton for help in stopping what he called the ''genocide of the Chechen people.''
Potato Head to ''I Will Survive.''
''Thanks to triangulation, obfuscation and tiptoeing across the political morass, nobody else is talking about how poor people are working and still not getting ahead,'' Mr. Cuomo said.
The Philadelphians are ''low-key,'' Ms. Clark said.
The main point for him has always been that the attack is an alliance act, not only an American one.
Raised in Germany by American parents, she arrived at Yale fluent in English and German, competent in French and Spanish and skilled at the piano and cello.
Civil wars are not unrelated to the other two leading causes of setbacks for children in recent years, poverty and the spread of the virus that causes AIDS.
''She called me a boy, so I grew a beard and have kept it since,'' Mr. Eifman said.
Police received a report of a break-in and a possible hostage situation at about 10:46 P.M. at 105-12 86th Street in Ozone Park, the home of Mr. Ramdass's former girlfriend.
General improvements would include more backstage and rehearsal space, upgraded air conditioning and a new restaurant.
Some were honored veterans of progressive movements of the past.
Stoking the flames this season is his contract status.
In programs dedicated to encouraging the creation of dances on socially relevant themes, twelve choreographers take a look at aspects of life in New York ranging from urban violence to urban gardens.
's have enforced rules that forbid doctors to tell patients about expensive treatments.
The warm months that bring people such pleasure can be the most difficult for the four-footed set to endure.
What does it really matter?'
''What you really want to see is what the Fed does and how the market reacts to early second-quarter earnings reports.
All teachers should know the subjects they are teaching.
The bipartisan doubts are reflected in support for another resolution against sending troops, this one proposed by Representative Tillie K. Fowler, Republican of Florida.
Denver was not outscored in any quarter this season.
The gloater's favorite, Eat your heart out (es dir oys s'harts), means ''be jealous, see if I care.''
For Wisconsin, the game against Purdue suddenly had greater significance.
Asians are at 7.5 percent and Hispanic students at 4.8.
Mr. Ocalan has been charged with treason and may face the death penalty.
Sponsored by Adventure on a Shoestring.
More striking, he refused to explain his vote on camera, releasing a statement instead.
Noting that patrimony problems are growing, she said, ''This issue has not received the kind of attention that it should because it was not as hot as Holocaust-era art.''
Season with salt and pepper.
Mr. Aster was charged with aggravated sexual assault and endangering the welfare of a minor.
He had $10 in his pocket and was expected home for dinner, he said.
Mr. Madrazo's past in Tabasco may yet come back to haunt him.
In May, the district's $124.4 million budget was turned back.
But it is not without problems.
Paintings like Willi Sitte's ''Loving Couple in the Bathroom'' (1975), a bawdy scene of a soaking couple, suggest how unchallenging the art of this period was, how little was questioning or interesting.
In lieu of flowers, please send contributions in Rosalie's name to a charity she supported: Vassar College; Friends of the Zoo (The New York Zoological Society); The New York Public Library or The Bat Conservancy.
Today, 11 A.M. to 6 P.M. (rain date: Oct. 3) Free.
Watching the players the past few weeks has been as encouraging as watching the fans' reaction to the open scrimmages.
There were days when the intern faded and the physician-to-be came into focus, and vice versa.
Under Pamela Moller Kareman, who has earned the right to be called the theater's artistic director, a flawed play that was dismissed as dated and derivative 13 years ago is reinterpreted by a terrific cast so that it rips into contemporary life.
People close to the merger discussions have said the merger amounts to a Deutsche Telekom takeover of Telecom Italia that values the Italian company at about 12 euros a share, which would make the value of the deal about $95 billion.
Nobody knows how Indonesians vote when their vote belongs to them.
I can't imagine how she would be subjected to anything more rough and tumble than she already has.
I don't feel like going through that stress.''
Elway, Marino and Fran Tarkenton are the only quarterbacks to throw more than 300 touchdown passes.
Campbell's executives maintained they were making progress, but analysts were skeptical.
Psychiatrists often resent such second-guessing.
-- Prime Minister Bertie Ahern of Ireland urged the I.R.A.
Schultz's contract expires in 2002 but gives him the option to decide to leave at the end of 2000.
''I don't have the slightest interest in destroying the tax base of cities, states and counties,'' Mr. Gilmore said in an interview.
''We're waiting for answers that make sense,'' Mr. Graziano said.
The CSX Corporation agreed yesterday to sell its Sea-Land Service's international liner business to the Maersk Line unit of the A. P. Moller Group of Copenhagen for $800 million.
Twenty-two were reported as rapes, including 16 passengers who said they were attacked by crew members.
Buchanan's enlightened nationalism would not only constrict American action today but also would have ruled out most American diplomacy and military intervention in the 20th century.
A bitter irony for the strivers who escaped the Bronx and Brooklyn to seek the suburban dream is that Roosevelt also has Nassau County's second-highest residential property tax rates.
Her death sent the 113-member police force into emotional turmoil, and members of the City Council spent yesterday morning at police headquarters consoling grief-stricken officers.
If fireworks must be part of your celebrating, there are enough displays to make your holiday worthwhile, starting Friday when the Fresh Air Fund holds its annual ''American Picnic'' at a Southampton waterfront estate.
Plane travel requires a kennel approved by the United States Department of Agriculture.
During the dragging, Mr. Byrd turned over and over to relieve the pain as his flesh was torn away and his skeleton was ground up on the blacktop.
No one else comes close.
There might also be a football edition of the show tied to the Super Bowl and a movie edition tied to ABC's broadcast of the Academy Awards.
Helen also worked with her brother, Daniel, who owned Maclennan Pharmacy until their retirement in 1978.
After the hearing, Mr. Gotti, wearing a black pin-striped suit, walked out of the courtroom, hugged a well-wisher and pulled aside a New York Post reporter for a tongue-lashing over the newspaper's publication of excerpts from his father's conversations.
One therapist familiar with her work questioned Sereny's perception of what she does.
Rest in peace, our dear friend.
George V. Higgins, who turned a prosecutor's knowledge of lowlife crooks into gritty Boston crime novels that unfolded in the gamy dialect of the city's hoodlums and cops, was found dead on Saturday at his home in Milton, Mass.
In return, Washington should insist that North Korea make a verifiable commitment to cease all dangerous weapons production and sales.
Stretched out face down, Vinny Testaverde was pounding the artificial turf with his right fist in frustration.
''He is the final and perhaps the most significant piece of the puzzle that we began putting together five years ago.''
''As attitudes towards mental dysfunction change, Presidents might find mental health specialists in the White House increasingly useful,'' writes Mr. Gilbert.
One can argue with Mr. Gellman, in other words.
And let's not forget Ted Turner, who provided ''The Chimp Channel'' on one of his other cable networks, TBS.
As a subject for exhibitions, gender has become a bit boring, but this show overpowers ennui by sheer weight of material.
''From his jacket he took the sterile syringe he had stolen in the embalming room,'' Mr. Smith writes.
''I am here today because I am worried,'' he said.
''It's going to affect my chances.''
He served with the Army's 93d Engineer Battalion in the Mekong Delta, and remembers it with bitterness: ''We were the group that built the roads by day that the Vietcong traveled at night.''
He recalled telling Mr. Milosevic on March 23, just before NATO began bombing Yugoslavia, that the Serbian leader was the ''best recruiting poster for the K.L.A.,'' and ''if he keeps this up, every Serb will be driven out of Kosovo.''
Conductors will take payments by credit cards and print out tickets using portable computers, like the ones at rental car lots.
After a stiff start, Sampras limbered up his forehand weapon, the one Agassi irreverently praises as ''obnoxious,'' and took advantage of a double fault from Henman at set point in the second set.
Some baseball people believe the only thing blocking a trade is Pokey Reese, the Reds' second baseman.
Mr. Giuliani is considering running for higher office and may seek the Republican nomination for the Senate in 2000.
It was the second goal in two games for Rolston, who was moved onto the team's premier line two nights ago as the left wing with Jason Arnott his center and Sykora his right wing.
Mr. Flemmi, who was charged in the indictment with conspiracy and obstruction of justice, is in prison awaiting trial on other racketeering charges.
The Buckeyes lost a 14-point lead in the first half, and neither team led in the second half by more than 3 points until a free throw and basket by Larry Richardson put Indiana ahead by 65-61, the Hoosiers' biggest lead of the game.
Germany's Daimler-Benz A.G. merged with the Chrysler Corporation a year ago.
These fossils are of tremendous interest to paleontologists, since experts estimate that half of all species existing on the planet in the Triassic failed to cross over into the Jurassic.
Reservations can be made through the individual hotels or by calling (800) 535-7071 from 11:30 a.m. to 8 p.m. Eastern time from Monday through Friday and 1 to 5 p.m. on Saturday and Sunday.
We decided to think about it.
HOUSTON ROCKETS -- Signed C Antoine Carr.
The shortage of substitutes has forced schools to cancel special classes like art or music, combine other classes and call upon principals to teach.
But people seem to perceive you as being more interested in technology than emotions.
He said he thought one result would be more competition among operating systems.
The plan put in place included the busing of thousands of black and white students to equalize the racial mixes of schools.
The last time New Jersey did not have the highest rates was 1992, when it placed second after Hawaii, Mr. Martin said.
Purchase them on line, download them to your home computer and then upload them to the EB-500.
But the last few weeks have shown her that the business mattered to a lot of people.
Some prominent people at CBS and ''60 Minutes'' are unhappy with the way they're portrayed in ''The Insider,'' including Mr. Wallace, who comes off looking less than stalwart.
Westinghouse Air's chairman and chief executive, president, and chief financial officer all will retain their jobs at the combined company, which will be called Westinghouse Air Brake.
But rather than spending the money on added health care service, it was used by lawmakers to plug budget gaps and avoid politically damaging tax increases.
The man, who had not been identified last night, was declared dead at the scene.
JOHN FRANCO was honored before yesterday's game for becoming the second player in major league history to save 400 games.
An example of almost every kind of thing the Philadelphia-born artist did is here, from a hand-decorated ukulele to a nude photographic self-portrait, to the original oil-on-board version of ''Daybreak,'' a classical fantasy bathed in pastel light, which fetched a cool $4.2 million when it was sold at Sotheby's a few years ago.
Colina said she told her relatives the story about a speedboat coming from Florida to allay their fears.
The album notes relate a story that at once confirms and challenges the standard picture of Szell's forbidding personality.
Mr. Klynn also created the opening graphic titles for the television series ''I Spy.''
At one point, when Kara Holtkamp of West Point, Iowa, put one of the Bush hats in Mr. Forbes's hands for an autograph, he gamely quipped: ''Bush will let you wear the green.
''We'd be unpaid park rangers, basically,'' he said.
Its curriculum became a model throughout the country.
''We can be beaten by anybody,'' Krzyzewski said.
Now, Sotheby's in New York plans to auction the ''Madonna and Child'' on Jan. 28.
A project whose budget has ballooned to $400 million while its financing remains at $200 million sounds more like the Second Avenue subway on the Hudson than a ''solid'' plan.
''If you act too fast, you might hurt someone who is innocent,'' he said, ''and if you don't act fast enough, then the suspect could kill you.''
I see you sitting there with your dusty jacket, your tricorn hat at a tilt, your shoes unbuckled, your body spongy like a puppet's, and still and all you're my beloved corpse.''
Scarsdale Synagogue-Tremont Temple expresses its sorrow on the passing of Rabbi Julie Spitzer, Director, UAHC Greater New York Council of Reform Synagogues.
Indeed, far from being French provincials, she said, the agency and its chairman and chief executive, Bob Schmetterer, have recently emphasized their New York base and international sweep.
Visitors to the camp are not allowed inside, and reunions occur only through a six-foot-tall wire mesh fence as a policeman looks on.
He then became agitated and continued: ''When you have fine stipulations of law standing in the way, to a dedicated physician, and I am, my integrity would be killed, destroyed if I turned my back on that patient.
I remember when Kitty Dukakis tried to do this for her ironing board of a husband, Michael.
The industry initiative is set to be announced on Monday at a public workshop about online profiling in Washington, which is being held by the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Commerce.
Mr. Ovitz and Mr. Wolpert said they would start other Internet ventures.
The great Elvis stamp debate: young or old?
Cello *** [RATING: Three Stars] 53 East 77th Street; (212) 517-1200 ATMOSPHERE: The ground floor of a turn-of-the-century town house has been turned into a small, luxurious, civilized dining spot for a Park Avenue clientele.
Ms. Barad, Mr. Greenberg of Investco said, is managing in a difficult environment because in some ways Mattel is a victim of its position in the marketplace.
4:08:31 12180 Camporesi, S, 54M .
''But quota legislation was the wrong approach and would have weakened our economy and undermined our ability to tear down unfair trade barriers in foreign countries,'' the statement read.
Family Court officials also cited confidentiality in declining to discuss a hearing on the case held on Tuesday.
SERVICE: Polite but rather slow.
You have no right to criticize Russia for Chechnya.
With a schoolwide celebration of writers coming up in less than two weeks, there were book reports to polish, too.
''It should help take the volatility out of the stocks,'' said George U. Sauter, who oversees index funds at the Vanguard Group, the largest seller of index funds to individual investors.
Danny is not a star, something even the grittiest dramas need for balance.
Struggling to gain control over the disorder, and under heavy criticism both for the extent of the damage to poorly constructed buildings and the Government's disjointed response, Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit ordered that the dead be buried as soon as they are found.
''He introduces the reader to his subject through a rich variety of Africans, from computer scientists and doctors to guerrilla fighters and traditional healers,'' Howard W. French said here in 1998.
Psychology dropped out of the picture; relaxation was out for ulcer treatment, and antibiotics were in.
He ended up focusing on a single prisoner, a man ''outraged by the crazy idea of hospitality at the end of his life.''
The Treasury's schedule of financing this week includes today's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills and Wednesday's auction of two-year notes.
His successor, Lawrence H. Summers, says he is supportive of that policy, but some analysts wonder if he is as committed as Mr. Rubin.
Doctors are taught to ''start low, go slow,'' Dr. Bates said, when prescribing medicines for people over 60 or 65, but that the advice may apply to younger patients as well.
Hernandez had been battered for 30 earned runs in his last 32 1/3 innings and the Yankees questioned his concentration, performed medical tests on his back and speculated that hitters had become more acquainted with his repertory.
Because of the high cocaine use, 68 percent of the suspected criminals sampled in the United States were found using an illicit drug, compared with 59 percent of the English sample.
Mr. Simpson then chased the man in his car while calling police on his cellular phone but gave up because the man was running red lights and the police told Mr. Simpson to stop.
Barry Bearak (NYT) SOUTH KOREA: EX-LEADER'S SON PARDONED -- President Kim Dae Jung is granting a limited pardon to the jailed son of former President Kim Young Sam, as part of a broad amnesty for about 3,000 convicts, including political prisoners.
Valentin Nepomnyaschy, a leading Pushkin scholar, wrote recently: ''Of the world's geniuses, he is least translated into other languages and the hardest to grasp in translation: in cultures with other languages, he seizes the soul only of those who know and love our language, our culture, those to whom Russia is not spiritually alien.''
Audio Book Club shares fell 87.5 cents, to $11.375.
All three were managing engineers who had spent most of their careers building reactors, and their defection galvanized anti-nuclear groups across the country.
It is only a building; the exhibits are not yet installed.
The same is true of some paintings that incorporate rather soigne textural effects, among them ''Undersea,'' by Rafael Trelles, with what seems to be its use of frottage, a method of creating surface effects by rubbing the color onto a canvas placed over some irregularly textured object -- a process much esteemed by the Surrealist painter Max Ernst.
Ms. Kramer, a former scheduler in the Congressional office of Charles E. Schumer, contended that four of her rivals did not produce enough valid signatures to qualify for the race, and a court agreed and ordered them removed from the ballot.
Services were held Sunday, October 10.
Colonel Qaddafi has tried to use other nations as middlemen, offering money or the promise of aid in return.
A spokesman for Mr. Gabelli said that the structure was ''not going to change'' and that the compensation structure was the ''same as for everybody else'' who managed money in the operation.
To get their attention quickly they may tell a couple of kids to put their arms on the block and then cut off their arms, just to get the attention of the other kids that they better do exactly what they are told.
''That was a reassuring, gratifying surprise,'' Mr. Sexton said.
to settle a violation of the consent decree in order not to be adjudicated in court.
They went ashore around the Gulf of Salerno, hoping to capture nearby German outposts, then seize the port at Naples, 50 miles to the north, and join with the British Eighth Army for a drive on Rome.
Some medical researchers in the government and in the corporate world, who spoke on the condition that they not be identified, said that pharmaceutical companies prefer to back active research, and that Dr. Montagnier was seen as someone who is now more active on the lecture circuit than in the lab.
''Like many congregations across Long Island, we're taking increased security measures, not as much for protection but more of a statement of strength.''
The new efforts are being led by the Johns Hopkins center, whose director, Mr. Teret, is a former plaintiffs lawyer who battled for air bags a decade ago.
''We wanted to leave some heavy footprints that indicate how difficult that struggle has been for all African-Americans,'' Mr. Pollard said.
In an affidavit, Mr. Lehman, who became the museum's director in 1997, traced the history of the show, which originated at the Royal Academy of Art in London in late 1997.
And who can resist Mr. Vichi's heartfelt question to his niece, ''Why can't everything be sweet and dear the way it used to be?''
''The environment will not be that positive.''
''All of us in Chile have learned from past experience,'' Mr. Lavin said in an interview.
''Contact'' achieves what few musicals do these days: a sense of euphoric connection between the audience and what is happening on the stage.
There was going to be a big dinner with Castro.
As the voracious reptiles party like it's 1999 and Phish tries to figure out how to build a new fan base from scratch, there will be one or two other interesting concerts outside of the United States.
4:32:01 18391 Rippe, L, 46F .
Yet another part of me remembered the thrill of flying and the strong desire to get into that thermal and soar thousands of feet in the air.
While TIAA-CREF sells annuities, they carry lower expenses than most mutual funds, have generally strong investment track records and are well regarded by investment advisers.
We spoke to artists' managers, the artists themselves, like Aerosmith and the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Of course the dim, young sheriff's deputy would be Chris O'Donnell; he was probably the guy who escorted the Homecoming Queen onto the field in high school, too.
The bank said net income was $316 million, or 41 cents a diluted share, compared with $284 million, or 36 cents a share, in the first quarter a year earlier.
The school sells about 35,000 plastic eggs each year (800-628-5687).
Virginia Bartow, curator of rare books, says Mr. Shulman is both an important contributor of material and one of the library's most frequent users.
The group, which included the high-tech venture capitalist John Doerr, the Intuit chairman Scott Cook and the Marimba software founder Kim Polese, were wowed by Gore's fluency with the New Economy.
FINALLY there is an honest-to-goodness basketball story in New York.
Doubles from $255 for the 95 suites.
ORLANDO MAGIC--Signed John Gabriel, general manager, to a four-year contract extension.
I'm sorry for the incident, but I will never regret standing up for the organization or for what I think is right for the league.''
I had spent the last three days with him in Los Angeles, watching him do business and trying to learn just what kind of a good guy he really is.
The world's richest man, William H. Gates 3rd, is not a trustee, but he gave $10 million to the museum, which happens to be directed by Mimi Gardner Gates, his stepmother.
Mr. Kim assumed office in February of last year, and almost a year and a half later, the economy is rebounding.
4:20:30 15358 Deutscher, J, 46M .
It has also expanded aggressively, providing services like rehabilitation treatment throughout the New York region.
4:32:07 18416 Ribeiro, R, 33M .
He said he doesn't have time to go to a gym, but stretches every morning and hits a heavy bag at home, ''instead of beating up on the sous-chef.''
They call themselves militants, but they come and confiscate all the food and kick people out of their houses.''
Yesterday, Ewing wasn't even playing, hobbled by tendinitis, which will keep him in and out of the lineup from here on out.
''The Palmtop was a PC.
Three of his four children live on the West Coast, and two of them are students at the University of Washington, which is recruiting him.
Ultimately, Ms. Bendavid-Val writes, ''the glow of idealism dimmed'' on both sides.
Still, the rack of 15 Spalding official N.B.A.
''I'm not normal,'' he said.
A vast variety, from John Dory and rouget from Europe to sea bass and red snapper from South America.
I've been playing since I was a little kid.
ALSO AROUND TOWN YOUNG ART -- The ''Kidsart'' show at the Rotunda Gallery in Brooklyn Heights features more than 200 paintings, sculptures and collages made by children; 33 Clinton Street (near Cadman Plaza West); through June 26; Tuesday through Friday noon to 5 P.M, Saturday 11 A.M. to 4 P.M.; free; (718) 875-4047.
Nation's Drive-By Shooting Indonesia has been hit hardest, but what remains unclear is whether it had to suffer at all.
She requested an abortion 14 weeks into the pregnancy but then ran away, returning only recently.
Mr. Shaqroum gave him a severance package -- a $5 bill -- and the young man snapped it in the air.
Earrings for pierced ears are $45 for sterling, $325 for gold; a Pendant with an 18-inch chain is $48 for sterling and $210 for gold; a charm is $18 in sterling and $130 in gold
Her mother, who was later found to have dementia, had forgotten about preparing meals.
The other 78 people who were at the fire scene will share the remaining $1.7 million, he said.
Wynn was released by the White Sox after going 7-15, then was signed by the Indians for a second stint on May 31, 1963.
But what comfort can a group of strangers offer a parent in the howling agony of a lost son or daughter?
France enjoys a privileged place in the imagination of educated Britons and Americans precisely because it is so stubbornly different.
Three of these will come from Abbott Laboratories and one each from Merck & Company and Bristol-Myers Squibb.
It was only a temporary setback.
The Simses' bank account of $20,000 had also been emptied, Mr. Goldberg said.
Even the computer manipulations it endures in ''Believe'' can't make it sound like anyone else's.
Although the museum will provide the materials -- buttons, beads, papier mache and bits of fabric, as well as boxes -- children are invited to take whatever they want.
He was cleared by a Senate committee, which declared that he should not be penalized ''by destroying his career and branding him as disloyal for writing what appears to have been the true facts as he saw them.''
Suzuki last pitched for the Mariners in Saturday night's 15-11 loss to San Francisco.
Whether there is an agreement or not, China is going to have to liberalize its economy.
Who is sponsoring this material?
And they probably won't be sought out by health plans in their marketing campaigns.''
In warning foreign journalists not to enter Chechnya without official permission, the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement: ''In some instances, foreign citizens have intentionally lied about their goals and routes of their visit.
But it was not clear that Republicans would coalesce around the plan.
''The hip-slung pouch, the sharp steel heel, the swinging sky-colored bag.''
Boerum, a pleasant cafe with a small display of prepared foods, is one of the many little restaurants that have sprung up on Smith Street.
And they join the Yankees in this post-season, the first time since 1956 that two New York teams are in the post-season together.
Ms. Briscoe was born with a mild hearing loss resulting from a genetic abnormality, but in her late 20's she went from a 20 percent hearing loss to an 80 percent loss.
''It's such a unique situation,'' said Scott R. Lassar, the United States Attorney in Chicago, who was a lead prosecutor in the case.
Now, Republicans need the caliber of personal strength and dignity that it takes to build consensus at home in times of peace.
They looked as if they played for a team that felt it deserved to win another Big East title.
The company, a German concern that makes Continental, General and Uniroyal tires, said sales this year would climb to 17.5 billion marks ($9.66 billion), from 13.2 billion marks in 1998.
Rich Levin, a spokesman for baseball, declined to argue whether the deal's termination fit ESPN's alleged breach.
Above her was stretched a banner.
Jones is a five-time All-Star with three different teams.
The declaration's preamble proclaimed the need for Governments and individuals to promote and defend a panoply of social, political, cultural and economic rights ''nationally and internationally.''
''Clinton's a very smart man, so he must now be thinking of what he could have done and didn't,'' Mr. Renshon says.
In economics, that often is true.
I felt buoyant both inside and out, and wondered if this psychedelic experience could get any stranger.
But the politically powerful Peronist unions blocked President Carlos Saul Menem's deregulation program in Congress.
Amazon.com Wins a Patent Ruling A federal judge has ordered Barnesandnoble.com to stop using a ''one click ordering'' system that Amazon.com patented.
Andy Kowske added 10 for the Badgers.
For now, he is the man who made even the Giants' offense look interesting.
Lives in Chicago Cai Guo-Qiang Born in 1957 in Fujian Province, China Lives in New York Ingrid Calame Born in 1965 in New York Lives in Los Angeles Luis Camnitzer Born in 1937 in Lubeck, Germany Lives in Great Neck, N.Y. John Coplans Born in 1920 in London Lives in New York Petah Coyne Born in 1953 in Oklahoma City Lives in New York John Currin Born in 1962 in Boulder, Colo.
APL Digital in New York, the interactive division of Ammirati Puris Lintas, has named three top executives as part of plans to restaff after the departure last month of several senior managers.
EPO is currently undetectable, but both sports have established limits on red blood cell counts.
Or love or success or faithful friendship.
BROWN -- Named Glen Miller men's basketball coach.
521 Waverly Avenue, Mamaroneck, N.Y. 10543; (800) 816-8416; cutoff, Dec 21.
Four-wheel-drive pickups are available with a transfer case that engages all four wheels automatically when it senses a loss of traction, along with a standard four-wheel setting and a low range for serious muck.
he said when we shook hands.
This rally may not -- and maybe should not -- attract individual investors right away.
''The doors Selena opened, she opened for all of you.''
Advertisements strongly hint that women should be housewives or sex symbols.
Dear brother of Frieda Schwartzberg.
And the books are stippled with put-downs for the reader as dunce, i.e.
Remembered by all for her grace, brilliance, and beauty.
But by next year, some state officials predict, independents will be the largest group.
'' Parcells hinted that Lucas and Testaverde had joined forces in advance to convince the coach to go along with the unusual request.
As many as 20 Republicans are considered possible swing votes on the issue, most particularly a small group of doctors and dentists in the House who joined with the American Medical Association to denounce the Senate Republican bill a few weeks ago.
Mr. Henrich's parents were among those who fled after the rent strike; they took their mobile home to New Jersey.
Though it is a minority shareholder in Telecom Italia, the Italian Government has a ''golden share'' that gives it veto rights over any merger.
''It would give you a chance to articulate positions and get attention for them that you wouldn't otherwise get, and you would be creating new ground,'' he said.
The gain was led by metals, electronic instruments and chemicals.
Carolyn attended Punahou School in Honolulu, Hawaii.
And Petr Nedved, slumping with one goal in his previous 13 games, scored an even-strength goal that briefly cut the Montreal lead to two goals late in the third period.
A few days later, another college graduate showed up for a management trainee position wearing overalls and sandals.''
But one of the bigger if subtler shifts is hinted at in an exchange when the lead character, played by Rene Russo (above), storms into the bedroom of Crown, played by Pierce Brosnan, and encounters a sultry young beauty in a black leather sheath, played by the fashion model Esther Canadas.
Beloved wife of the late Herman S. Loving and devoted mother of Les of East Meadow and Arlyne of Manhattan.
Summer weeknights, strains of the Los Angeles Philharmonic wafted up from the Hollywood Bowl, but on weekends, rock concerts blasted the couple out of the house and into weekend exile.
The statements were the first time a New York police official had provided such detail about threats against the Mayor, his family, the Police Commissioner and the City Council Speaker, as well as City Hall.
So the next day, he asked her out.
What is inherited is not a fate but a tendency.
The interior will be a surprise for diners who remember Il Veliero, the last restaurant at this location.
In a catalogue essay, Robert Rydell, professor of history at the University of Montana, calls the American presence at the fair ''the gateway to the American century.''
Later in the day, a Pakistani military spokesman called the report baseless.
La Toscana 284 Glen Street, Glen Cove, (516) 759-1913.
The company is trying to regain market share lost to Advanced Micro Devices Inc. Intel is already shipping its 433-megahertz Celeron, which costs $169, and several personal computer makers including the Compaq Computer Corporation and the Dell Computer Corporation introduced systems featuring the chip.
''It's a struggle to define what the nature of accuracy is,'' he adds.
A dining room painting, for instance, was prompted by Curious George, the monkey in the beloved children's book created by H. A. Rey.
Hhe played chords and repeated figures, introduced some space into the music and slowed it down, providing the meditative grace it needed -- the swelling and ebbing that gave the music's templates, like that of Baden Powell, its dramatic, headrush-inducing effects.
Now questions of privacy have moved to the electronic realm -- where laws related to workplace surveillance are nearly nonexistent.
But Jarvis also insists that the Red Storm can learn from every game.
As a condition of German reunification in 1990, the West was obliged to preserve the cultural institutions of the East.
President Clinton yesterday nominated Roger W. Ferguson Jr., a management and technology expert whose monetary views are not widely known in the investment community, to be vice chairman of the Federal Reserve.
Funeral service Monday, June 14, 12 noon at Boulevard-Riverside Chapel, 1895 Flatbush Ave., Brooklyn, NY.
And critical pieces they are.
''My father was just an absolute, bustling dynamo of energy,'' said his son, Dr. Charles E. Oates, a neurologist.
Juuko (33-3-1) said the short notice did him in.
''Had they broached the subject in the first 'Reckless,' they probably never would have gotten around to talking about marriage.
Scientists and researchers who built Iraqi weapons before 1991 are also available to the Iraqi government.
Once you 'get it,' it seems almost obvious.''
Mrs. Kline, 29, is known as Penny.
He is a son of Elizabeth B.
Parents have lobbied school districts for better programs.
An armed deputy, routinely posted at the school, fired at the two student shooters, Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold, within minutes after the gunfire erupted, the police say.
''It is the first time we have a virtual party in Parliament,'' said Vyacheslav Nikonov, a political analyst with the anti-Kremlin center-left opposition.
A third conclusion that getting around the rules requires a little ingenuity, but not all that much.
Using seven of the monkey embryos created by direct sperm injection into eggs, Dr. Schatten and his colleagues tried to create pregnancies and got a set of stillborn twins and one live male monkey.
''For us, it's the home page.
Indeed, while the Springer program has since been broadcasting benign episodes, including an interview with a man with an eight-foot mustache, it seemed that even after today's hearing the issue was far from settled.
(AP) INDONESIA: MILITARY ACCUSED IN SUMATRA -- As violence continued in Aceh, on Sumatra, human rights groups accused the military of executing 41 people after a raid on a remote village.
The cost is $97 for members, $107 for nonmembers.
''I didn't want to involve anybody else.
I want to get that job.''
Yet the advance/decline figures for the week showed more declining issues than advancing ones on all three exchanges.
Dr. Dobson has for years been particularly close to Mr. Bauer but has not endorsed him despite pleas from the Bauer campaign.
A two-judge panel of the Appellate Division of State Superior Court ruled Thursday that Susan R. Luptak of Jackson violated no state laws when she flashed her high beams twice to warn an oncoming car on Perrineville Road in Monroe Township in October 1997.
But the next week, I brought in two pounds of red worms from the Lower East Side Ecology Center, along the East River in Manhattan, where worms turn garbage to compost.
That death rate is comparable, sprinkler opponents contend, to the rate in many other cities where expansive sprinkler laws are in effect.
You try to remove yourself from the entity that's being attacked, to keep yourself from going crazy.
Less than a month after its opening, the film is virtually ''over'' as a news, cultural and marketing event.
Bullets shattered Mr. Brocato's shoulder, struck his right armpit and back and grazed his chin, said his lawyer, Harvey Levine.
Similar oscillations in the North Atlantic and North Pacific produce alternating regimes whose wind patterns determine how storms, heat and cold affect land in Northern Hemisphere, , particularly in winter and spring.
Mary Rodgers Guettel, Chairman Joseph W. Polisi, President
They treat me real good.
''I can't imagine anyone in their right mind going back to Iraq, or Syria, for that matter,'' he says.
But later he refused to comment on his role in Dr. Clarke's ouster from the university.
(Agence France-Presse) EUROPE TURKEY: OUSTED LEGISLATOR APPEALS -- An Islamist deputy filed a legal request to annul a Government decision that removed her Turkish citizenship after she appeared in Parliament in a Muslim head scarf.
It was the older sister of Fusigbaye's wife in Houston who first helped Murphy.
''I said I wasn't, but he held out a pizza box and said I'd be hungry by halftime.''
Instead, they overwhelmingly reward the high-income families who pay the bulk of taxes.
FOR years, the question has been not what happened at Attica -- that is hardly in dispute -- but who would be held accountable.
Sterling began negotiating four years ago to assemble the development site, part of which had been destroyed by the falling parts of the airplane involved in the midair crash.
CHAMPIONSHIP Burke Wins by 2 Mike Burke Jr., closed out with a par 72 for a 54-hole total of 215 to win the New Jersey P.G.A.
The judge ruled that though Mr. Ouellette is not competent to stand trial now, he may be competent in the future, and ordered that Mr. Ouellette be held for 90 days at the Whiting Forensic Institute in Middletown.
''Self-Portrait,'' with words by by Carl Hancock Rux, purported to show the company rehearsing.
''Sometimes I think the media has Manny rated too high,'' Muckler said of the 19-year-old center, the seventh overall pick in the 1998 draft.
You got the sense that Holyfield's lackadaisical performance played into Lampley's pre-fight analysis, which was that Lewis's 30-pound advantage would tire Holyfield and limit Holyfield's output of punches.
Finally, Mr. Clinton said that Mr. Breaux's plan was unacceptable because it did not include the President's proposal to earmark 15 percent of any future budget surpluses for the Medicare program.
MAKEREADY PRESS GALLERY ''Second Attention,'' paintings by Olga Lyamin and Bob Bird.
Intermedia will also receive an additional 300,000 subscribers in Nashville.
The Supreme Council for Islamic Revolution in Iraq, an anti-Hussein group that has ties to Iran, declined to send anyone to the New York meeting.
PAGE A5 210 Dead in India Crash Two crowded trains collided head-on in eastern India, killing at least 210 people, and the death toll was expected to go much higher.
So they could invest, not risking a dime.
Neither did we, but we were forced to figure it out.''
By winter, the two other casinos are expected to open.
When Henry James reviewed Whitman's book of Civil War poems, ''Drum-Taps,'' in 1865 (a review James later disavowed as a ''little atrocity .
The central bank's president, Jacob Frenkel, now at the midpoint of his second presidentially appointed five-year term, has suggested that overt pressure by the Prime Minister may backfire, making a rate cut even less likely.
The statement did not say when or by whom the operation had been performed, and gave no details about the precise size, location or nature of the tumor, or the medical prognosis.
The Board of Legislators has in recent years appointed various ad hoc task forces to assist with its deliberations.
And in another sign of the times, he has to have a sly edge, with lots of references to popular culture.
Jimmy James Perez, who lives on South First Street, has kept his three children cooped up.
agents to cross into Mexico to join the government's excavation efforts, a law enforcement official said.
Eight months after reconstructive knee surgery that forced him to miss the 1998 season, Sehorn not only ran without a limp, he also ran without a brace on his rebuilt right knee.
''He expects to see us when we come out of the stadium win, lose or draw.
Plus, you have a limo driving you around.
Chez Louis ** [rating: Two Stars] (212) 333-3388 74 West 50th Street Manhattan $$$ All major cards When Television City, David Liederman's theme restaurant, failed, he came up with a much better idea.
Leonard recruited celebrities including Marlene Dietrich, Jinx Falkenberg, Arlene Francis, Bob Hope, Tex McCrary and Jane Pickens to support UCP and, in 1950, launched the first UCP telethon hosted by Dennis James.
The agreement, if it holds up, would end a bitter debate here over Mr. Clinton's concept of a war with the most limited risk to allied forces.
Annual maintenance, which could be as much as $400,000, would also be divided.
''I learned a lot more about how things I did affected the group, like they affected my family,'' he said.
To the Editor: The intelligence and bright future of which officers wrote when Dylan Klebold and Eric Harris completed their ''diversion program'' (front page, April 26) reminds me of the drivel I was once expected to write about clients when I worked at an alternative incarceration program in Connecticut.
The recommendations, issued Friday evening to the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, are the first attempt by any official body to draft an international set of rules to combat the much-maligned practice commonly referred to as cybersquatting.
No less spectacular are the deep bowl-shaped basket (maker unknown) from the collection of Fred S. Plimpton, a marvel of perfection in shape and technique whose design contrasts large and small triangles; a large boat-shaped basket with strikingly placed motifs by Laura Burris Williams (1895-1919), and a truly humongous boat shape, the only one in the show to use human forms in its design, by Sarah (Polly) Holmes (1865-1912).
The occasion was an ecumenical service protesting the Navy's use of Vieques, an island off Puerto Rico, as a rifle range and a target for practice bombing runs, so that its people live in a virtual war zone.
Those who like the looks of mimosa, but don't have the space for a 45-foot tree, might consider instead the smoke tree (Cotinus coggygria).
Charging into the story at this point, and bursting into the film like a drag supernova, is the irrepressible La Agrado, played by a Spanish nightclub performer named Antonia San Juan.
Did this not suggest, some complained, that the refugees might not be returning to Kosovo once the fighting ends?
The Solomon Islands in the Western Pacific are not visited by many travelers, even today.
''There is so much more acceptance in society,'' said Morley Schloss, 57, a retired Rochester school administrator who helped organize this weekend's festival.
He is a 16-year-old who packs groceries at a market.
Two years later, she was defeated by a Republican, Jon D. Fox, who was re-elected in 1996 by 84 votes.
It would be hard for an Australian artist to compete with the immense visual power of Frederic E. Church's ''Niagara Falls'' (1857), a close-up rendering of the mighty waters that reflects the energy and optimism of a dynamic country.
Though it has a winning, low-keyed charm, ''Freaks and Geeks'' can't escape its sense of borrowed wonder.
There can always be surprises, but the rating agencies are quite good at categorizing bonds.
Fri., 3 P.M., ''Thy Will be Done'' by Courtney, ''Ave Verum Corpus'' by Byrd, ''Were You There?''
''It is a pass for promotion, just as if someone had commanded in war,'' said Kenneth H. Bacon, the Pentagon's spokesman.
Grove argues that it need not pay museums for access to images because it merely links its users to museum sites, where the images are already free.
The planned purchase, which is subject to approval by the National Basketball Association, will include the stake in the Dallas Mavericks and a 6.19 percent, non-voting interest in American Airlines Center, the new arena and home court for the Mavericks and the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League.
Active-duty officers can no longer get official orders to leave base for the convention, and the hundreds who once attended have mostly disappeared (active-duty members now must use vacation time to attend).
Columbus Museum of Art, Ohio.
After all, a society only works on faith.
For instance, he claims that John F. Kennedy was elected President with the Mafia's explicit help, and he adds that he believes President Kennedy was murdered by a mobster, not by Lee Harvey Oswald.
But that did not happen.
Raw oysters, served on the half shell with ponzu sauce ($8.50 for four), were so delicate and briny that eating them was like dining on clouds.
Isn't that why some people go to the theater and movies in the first place: the images may be disturbing but can ultimately be left there.
But six Republicans voted with the Democrats.
Standing on cinders this afternoon, Mr. Kryeziu looked around and sighed deeply.
Place on baking sheet and bake until barely beginnng to brown, about 15 minutes.
Memorial service in NY to be announced.
Hours: Wednesdays, Thursdays and Sundays, 1 to 4 P.M. 45 Macculloch Avenue, Morristown.
And again, he inspected dozens and dozens of buildings.''
He made the first, but missed the second.
Yearning for glory, the bartender from Lindenhurst took center stage and hesitantly pulled from his past as a professional boxer and wrestler on the small-town circuit.
I, I am aware that she was in a state of anxiety about going to work.
''The ball was tipped, Terance Mathis was wide open in the end zone, but they got the interception.
'' When the Kansas board of education removed evolution from the science curriculum testing to make way for creationism, neither Mr. Gore nor Mr. Bush could bring himself to utter a word in defense of scientific truth.
When Daria's mother, a cell-phone-addicted workaholic lawyer, explains, ''There's no course that can teach you to be a perfect mother,'' Daria answers in a snap, ''That's obvious.''
''But kids like chocolate chip cookie dough.
It is now fully leased, Mr. Harris said.
Classes will be held in a pitch-roofed country schoolhouse where farm children were once educated.
She was still far from the front of the queue, which was no doubt swelled by the fact that many of the subway lines serving the station were shut or slowed.
That, in turn, may ''slow development in the state, keeping supply in balance with demand,'' he said.
For example, parishioners at the Episcopal Church of the Intercession in Harlem will hold a prayer vigil on Dec. 31.
American Airlines is extending employee benefits to domestic partners.
B1 The Conservative Campaign Fund complained to the F.E.C.
(AP) PAKISTAN: PROTESTS OVER INDIA PREMIER'S VISIT -- Gun battles raged in Kashmir and more than 1,000 protesters in Lahore demanded that India leave Kashmir, the disputed Himalayan region.
Heeding warnings from the nation's military chiefs, President Clinton has decided to propose the first real increase in the Pentagon's budget in nearly a decade and the largest since the cold-war buildup of the mid-1980's, Administration and defense officials said.
WHEELCHAIR ACCESSIBILITY -- Dining room and restrooms at ground level, two shallow steps up to window tables.
For the quilted panels of the crew quarters, the designers used white and blue, the only fabric colors approved so far.
Its highbrow companion term was Afro-American (a descendant of Aframerican), and together they birthed the current ''African-American.''
The Shays-Meehan bill passed the House last year, 252 to 179.
The play, about a surreal set of Navy types adrift in, surprise, the North Atlantic, stars Willem Dafoe and Kate Valk.
They met and brought their children together before they began performing together.
West Coast Hockey League PHOENIX MUSTANGS--Agreed to terms with LW Matt Oliver for the 1999-2000 season.
And she peppers her anecdotes with sentimentality (remembering a teacher who died, declaring that the most beautiful sound in the world is a baby laughing) that would be treacle in most comedy routines.
BE CAREFUL IN SENDING MONEY Do not send your credit card number in an E-mail message that has not been encrypted.
You could get chomped by a hippo.'
Detroit may have blown a 21-0 second-quarter lead against the Bears, but it was how the team reacted when seriously threatened late in the game that counted.
3:22:31 2345 Visgauss, H, 44F .
A spokesman for one sponsor, John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance, which has been sharply critical of the I.O.C., said the company let a deadline lapse last Friday to be the exclusive insurance advertiser on NBC's Olympic broadcasts.
Loving grandmother of Robert and Cheryl, David and Sue, Randi & Alan, Debra and David.
When you play that way, you're a little more dangerous.
With every word came a sneer.
Mr. Carrey channels his character brilliantly and makes his material funnier and tighter than it was in fact.
So losing her was more traumatic for me.''
Neither is tethered to his center when he is not around.
He was elected to Beta Gamma Sigma, the National Economics Honor Society.
The 1.5-million-square-foot Art Moderne structure stood empty until 1997 when Sears sold it.
Next week, from Wednesday through Sunday, Sotheby's France and the Paris auction house Poulain Le Fur will sell the contents of the Chateau de Groussay, Beistegui's house in the village of Montfort l'Amaury, 30 miles southwest of Paris.
Mr. Confalonieri of Mediaset, while acknowledging that Internet access is part of the company's plans, said the immediate aims of the deal with Kirch were production, distribution and advertising sales.
About 5,000 Irish women go to Britain each year for abortions.
''I was always attracted to his music,'' said Mr. Sickler.
We can only consider those things that come in front of us by way of testimony, evidence and demonstrations.
Our heartfelt sympathy to Estanne and family.
He is Norman Davies, not Davis.
The profits of Nature, a for-profit journal published in London and owned by von Holtzbrinck Group of Germany, are not disclosed.
But if successful, it could pave the way for senators to approve a censure resolution.
He added: ''The presidential election will be conducted by 700 people behind closed doors.
Representative Tom Allen of Maine talks about an elderly woman who stopped taking her medications because her husband was sicker than she was and they could not afford prescriptions for two.
He said he had introduced his legislation after witnessing an accident involving a cell phone.
''This is a manifestation of the fact that if you are out of favor with this administration you get punished.''
were that it had not communicated to passengers about how severe the problems were, perhaps causing unnecessary inconvenience.
''I wanted sound as texture, as dissonance and harmony, as well as narrative,'' she said.
South Korea said today that it would release the last long-term political prisoners held in its jails, including the world's longest-serving prisoner of conscience, to commemorate the first anniversary of the inauguration of President Kim Dae Jung, himself a former political prisoner.
The latter findings represent a slight increase in opposition to vouchers over last year, when 51 percent were in favor and 45 percent were opposed.
Samantha was an average student who loved to play basketball at Carlson High in this small factory town on the southern outskirts of Detroit.
When the slide show was over, one student, Malcolm Moore, stood up and challenged Craig.
Mr. Bennett, more recently, has been one of President Clinton's lawyers.
Escaping her chilly family, she moves into the well-populated space beneath the wing of a bohemian photographer, played with great charm by Mr. Rea.
''It could have been from the driftwood of an Asian wreck that was traded up and down the coast,'' Mr. Mackie said.
''Not many people are coming into this business,'' Mr. Faivre said.
However, the giveaway that you're in Times Square is the blur of lights and motion, day and night.
Ledee pumped his fists between first and second base, and the Indians walked off the field staring at their shoelaces after being swept in the three-game series.
His plan would establish a separate Medical Education Trust Fund that would be financed by a fee levied on private health insurance premiums, as well as contributions from Medicaid and Medicare.
Now the department says it will begin taking the waste in 2010, at the earliest, if Yucca Mountain, near Las Vegas, Nev., can be shown to be suitable.
Mr. Lee, a serious, soft-spoken individual who in 1980 came to Manhattan from San Francisco to study film at New York University, is well regarded by fashion insiders.
Mr. Clinton said the new provisions will ''promote continued investment in America's communities.''
The negotiations are also expected to resolve a lawsuit brought by the state accusing a six-member majority of the Apollo board of failing to collect millions of dollars owed the theater by Percy E. Sutton, a prominent businessman and former Manhattan Borough President.
If Holleran's account was supposed to be satirical, few people noticed, perhaps because the novel itself appeared to be caught up in the relentless narcissism of its characters.
''We'd be absolutely delighted to welcome the First Lady to Westchester,'' Mr. Wolfson said.
Auto makers sell large cars and minivans at thin profit margins and often offer rebates.
Pathologic bacteria, residing far below the gum line, are unaffected by flossing and brushing.
Jimmy's rampaging bachelor life is threatened when he realizes that he can no longer delay popping the question to his fun-loving, curly-haired sweetheart, Anne (Renee Zellweger), whom he has been dating for three years.
Last December, she found no reasonable grounds to seek the appointment of an independent counsel to investigate President Clinton's role in the multimillion-dollar Democratic fund-raising campaign in 1996.
-- read stories, trade shoes and dance, carefree to the Beatles for hours.
Irabu deflated, asking that he be permitted to remain at the team's spring training complex and work out there while the Yankees concluded their exhibition schedule with a two-game series in Los Angeles.
Two officials from the Blue Jays cringed.
''It's the men who hate shots,'' Mr. Traversa said.
Half a century ago, a woman Clinton regards as a role model, Eleanor Roosevelt, mulled running for the Senate from New York at the prompting of a former adviser to her husband.
''Steve Johnson and I had more catches than Peter Warrick,'' said Goodrich, gloating about the Volunteers' two-deep coverage.
Companies that she would be interested in seeking employment with.
That is no coincidence, since Parcells is a stickler for off-season conditioning.
(''She took my love for candles to another level,'' he said.)
Doing so might have ranked Mr. Bush with John Connally, who is credited with significantly improving the state's system of higher education.
Rogge said today that he had met with Coates, here for the anti-doping meeting, and other Australian Olympic officials.
On May 30, 1999, Bruno, beloved husband, father and friend, died peacefully after a long illness.
''He can take a punch,'' De La Hoya said of Carr.
''I don't think every television franchise lends itself to big-screen treatment,'' he said.
She will perform at every stop on the tour, which ends on Aug. 31 in Edmonton, Alberta, but the cast of other performers will change.
The air inside the shop smelled bitter from lime, the chemical preservative that is added to the tortilla dough.
And the national rate for 1998 was 4.5 percent, lower than New Jersey's expected rate of 4.8 percent.
Early Wednesday, during a brief break in the fog, army pilots flew a helicopter from Zacapoaxtla to a nearby town cut off from outside help, carrying a doctor and food and hoping to rescue a few of dozens of tourists stranded there.
She will be profoundly missed.
Inspectors from the Buildings Department were investigating whether any regulations or permits were violated.
The photographer's acute observations and subtle printing techniques are quite enough to communicate the enchantment she wants to share.
''This is one of those situations that makes us human,'' Mr. Rudenstein said.
Loving mother of Laura Rosen and devoted grandmother of Wayne and Peter Rosen.
W. Franklyn Richardson of Mount Vernon, N.Y., who is a member of the convention.
Start a charcoal or wood fire or preheat a gas grill or broiler; the fire should be quite hot, and grill rack no more than 4 inches from heat source.
Pension and welfare funds dwindled, apparently looted or waywardly invested.
Fewer Crowds, Lower Rents Although 1999 has been a boom summer at the shore all through the Northeast, with a heat wave, a lack of rain so serious it became a drought, and a consequent freedom from mosquitoes, the September-October ''season'' has been evolving for some time.
Adoring great-grandmother of Jessica and Lily.
''I think it's been one of the healthiest discussions we've had in New York City since I've been here,'' he said Friday.
His father is the chairman of the investment committee of the Goldman, Sachs Group.
Inman, winning for the second time as a senior, finished with a 14-under 199 total and earned $180,000, the largest paycheck of his career.
''Since I've played, I've always been told that there's a mismatch,'' said Mullin, who scored 6 points in the first quarter, while Miller played only seven minutes and Smits just one.
Jeremy Rifkin, an influential commentator on science and technology, said efforts by countries to restrict access to wildlife, however understandable, are pushing the world in the same direction as the biotechnology companies -- toward private ownership of genetic resources.
But three Albanian survivors -- women interviewed here today for some of the few witness accounts of the bombing -- said they had no doubt that they were put there intentionally.
Celia W. Dugger (NYT) KAZAKHSTAN: NEW PREMIER PICKED A former Foreign Minister known in the West as an economic reformer, Kasymhomart Tokayev, left, has been chosen as the new Prime Minister.
But it is also a debutante boot camp.
She and her children dove onto the floor and then hid in the basement for six hours.
MIDAMERICAN ENERGY HOLDINGS CO., Des Moines, said an arbitration panel in Jakarta had awarded it $572 million because Indonesia's Government-owned utility had refused to honor contracts to buy electricity.
While 911 was down, fire trucks and police cars were sent on patrol to look for emergencies, extra police and ambulance crews were called in to serve as radio dispatchers, and television and radio stations were asked to broadcast alternate telephone numbers.
His new pact will pay him $1.3 million in 1999-2000 and $1.47 million in 2000-2001.
Finally, from the start the Kosovo problem has been about how we should react when bad things happen in unimportant places.
This year, the fifth and sixth grades were eliminated, but the infant and toddler child-care center grew, and there is a waiting list for the nursery program.
Police and transit officials said the bus slammed into the truck near its cab door with such force that the bus driver, Angel Gaultier, was thrown through the windshield and onto the street.
Despite declarations that a deal may be near, only a tiny number of people are intimately involved with the talks, mainly between Steve Ricchetti, a White House deputy chief of staff, and Scott B. Palmer, chief of staff for the speaker of the House, J. Dennis Hastert of Illinois.
It helped that the lead swelled to 6-2 after three innings, and that Irabu gave up just one run in a fiasco of a fourth and then stopped the Jays through the seventh.
They're with us, and they're living.
(Stanley and I exchange weary looks: here's an emblem, yes.)
But if Mr. Eisner feels the need to justify himself, that could serve shareholders well.
Mr. Padro eventually got that verdict.
In this case, a magician revealing his tricks paid off.
Recipes televised by the New Orleans chef.
The software was loaded before the flight, and problems went undetected by the company's normal verification process, the report said.
A British boy attends a school for witchcraft.
Mr. Luethke disputes Morgan Stanley's version of its relationship with him.
Perhaps that's not sound psychiatric advice, but saying such a thing might be a relief for all of us who have watched the Emmys do a tiresome imitation of the Oscars year after year, from timid nominations to bloated, self-important ceremonies.
Hillary Rodham Clinton and New York City Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani are among the candidates considering a race to succeed Mr. Moynihan.
An important public health cause suffered a setback recently when the House Appropriations Committee killed a sensible plan to include anti-drinking messages in Federal efforts to discourage youngsters from using illicit drugs.
The party appeared confident and united today listening to Mr. Hague, but it soon became clear that the bickering in the ranks over Europe has not ended.
The show's five sections include a dazzling display of white dresses, a sampling of male attire and a quick run through the mutations of the 18th-century open robe and petticoat combination, all the way up to Madame Gres.
The board can request information from the Chancellor, but some members would leak it to the press and opponents, forcing premature public hearings.
4:47:19 21914 Sachse, M, 47F .
Dr. Kelly Brownell, director of the Yale Center for Eating Disorders and Weight Control, praises this approach.
Today, they could not help but notice how age and illness have taken their toll.
It was a rhetorical question.
4:22:49 15942 Schottes, H, 56F .
C1 Investor Fraud Alleged The S.E.C.
''He was smitten, but the fact that he loved her is no defense to statutory rape.''
''I know what's racial and what's not.
The clerk thought we were nuts.
In those days, she said, ''it was considered a mark of power and prosperity to wear cloth, rather than fur.''
But he has not scored a goal for 19 games.
Some assets in Utah, where both banks are most active, will have to be sold to comply with antitrust laws.
In Lincoln, Mr. Kaczynski concentrated his attacks on loggers, miners and recreationists who used motorized vehicles.
In December, it became the 10th-most-visited site on the whole Web, putting it in a league with America Online and Yahoo.
For now, refugees from Kosovo have done no worse than New Jersey.
What made this session unusual was the fact that the instruments and the music teachers, Marc Tartell and Ted Zobel, traveled to the students' homeroom rather than having the students go to a music room.
In the Land of the Monologue, the actor's insecurity and nervousness are much greater than when he is a working member of an ensemble.
The national tally is also structured as a count of households, making it all the harder to find and count immigrants who often spend their first years in the United States in shared rooms, crowded into apartments that house many families at once or as transients.
It would offer on-line services based on small devices used only for E-mail and Web surfing.
What is your role at the Connecticut Commission on the Arts?
All serve ''three-way'' (chili made with cocoa, cinnamon and allspice, served atop spaghetti, with a crown of grated Cheddar cheese); I prefer four-way, with chopped onions, and homely old Camp Washington does it best.
Her master's program required an internship, and Ms. Watkins worked as many as 25 hours a week at New Settlement, a collection of 14 buildings with 893 families, almost one-third of whom were once homeless.
Sometimes rollicking, sometimes unnerving, they include numbers like ''Daddy,'' in which the young actresses in the cast deliver an indictment of fathers that is even more vicious than Sylvia Plath's famous poem.
The government is divided over how to proceed.
The agency had invested $10 million to $12 million in a new computer system to track adverse drug reactions, Dr. Woodcock said.
Horyn: She's from the northern New Jersey suburbs.
Raised by Spanish-speaking grandparents after his sickly mother returned to Puerto Rico and his father was put behind bars for drug dealing, he spent most of his preteen weekends traveling to prisons in Connecticut and New Jersey to visit his father, who was deported during Jose's sophomore year.
HOPKINS-Joseph L. Of Highland Beach, FL, formerly of Bronxville, NY.
After watching family members place flowers on seashore rocks last fall, Bob Quinn, a Halifax songwriter, was inspired to write ''Roses on the Rocks.''
Most recently, David Blumenthal, principal owner of the Davids Island Redevelopment Company, proposed a hotel, a children's theme park, a museum and science center, a marina, a public boardwalk and housing on what was once Fort Slocum.
The Panjshir Valley was a two-day journey on foot from their ruined homes.
Mr. Clinton wants to force local schools to adopt his standards by threatening them with loss of financing.
It has been 10 years since Brokaw asked about race; now it is time for that hardy rock-climbing anchor to ask why bad behavior is dominating sports.
''We're bringing in some veterans who have some experience in the room.
''When Bell Atlantic comes in, it's some account manager,'' said the chief technology officer at a large New York-based financial institution, on the condition of anonymity.
Newcomers are usually unfamiliar with a company's culture, and it is difficult to predict how they will get along with the board.
All have a distinctive nutty taste.
The action removed the immediate K.L.A.
The suit also claims that the present board members have a constitutional right to complete their current four-year terms.
Loosely knit, sometimes uproarious, the film benefits enormously from Mr. Baldwin's deft performance as the boy's small-minded, memorably impossible father (Maslin).
That leaves fewer than 90 days to work out the basic features of an agreement covering issues like Palestinian statehood and boundaries, Jerusalem, Jewish settlements and the rights of Palestinian refugees.
His major clients are Michael Tabor and John Magnier of the highly successful Coolmore group, and three of their stars are music to O'Brien's ears: Stravinsky, Brahms and Bach.
Then it all fell apart.
The outlook in the four major Division I units follows.
''The word is he's going to be fine,'' the coach said of the 19-year-old right wing, who was released from a hospital in Finland on Monday.
''A jury must decide, based on the totality of the circumstances, whether a reasonable unsuspecting viewer would consider the depiction to be of an actual individual less than 18 engaged in sexual activity,'' Judge Hugh Brownes wrote for the appeals panel.
In the Gibson game, they were down one run, with two outs, and there was his physical condition.''
The high, dome-shaped pergola is made of steel (the wood one blew down in a hurricane), and all this voluptuousness dangling over hard edges was, well, stirring.
With so many important questions still unanswered, Dr. P. James E. Peebles of Princeton University worried about premature celebration of a theory triumphant.
He said that he was generally aware of some of the disputed works in the Charles Saatchi collection of young British artists, decided it was not a show he would enjoy visiting, and thought little more about it until the furor erupted.
Despite his intense misgivings about Mr. Arafat's prior history and future intentions, he was among the first Arab leaders to endorse the Madrid peace talks sponsored by the Bush Administration in October 1991.
The man survived after being shot in the back, the police said.
The charges of perjury and obstruction of justice are supported by nothing but surmise and conjecture.
The Tanning Palace of Boca?''
He said no one had previously been fined more than $5,000, the maximum that can be imposed for any one infraction.
The 51-cabin Nantucket Clipper, (800) 325-0010, is sailing on a trip called Exploring the Yachtsman's Caribbean, Dec. 26 to Jan. 2, in the Virgin Islands; New Year's Eve will be spent anchoring off Norman Island in the British Virgin Islands.
Someone had added, ''Go Red Sox.''
Mr. Keyworth now says he fended off the demands for specifics, but he did respond in one instance by offering an analogy.
And Senator McCain, a genuine hero.
For himself, Mr. Regula said of the report, ''I think it's a fair evaluation of the system as it is.''
''They don't root their findings in existing theory and research,'' says James J. Heckman, a University of Chicago labor economist and empiricist.
Of the 286,000 votes counted, Mr. Flores received about 51 percent and Mr. Guardado about 29 percent.
Mr. Pagones won a $345,000 judgment last summer.
In McMurtry's 1968 essay collection, ''In a Narrow Grave,'' he remarked on how essay writing offered ''the comforts of a fine hotel: one can stroll about in one's best clothes and ruminate upon all those things one never has time to ruminate upon at home.''
In 48 minutes this series, Camby has grabbed 17 rebounds and blocked five shots, both higher totals than Ewing had, and in Game 2 he was especially effective, with 13 rebounds and several soaring putbacks.
The soldiers, mostly reservists from the Seventh Infantry Brigade in Istok, hurried back to Krusevac after hearing from radio broadcasts that the police there were suppressing antiwar protests by women and children in the village, the allied officials said.
''I'm always afraid people will come tumbling down,'' he said.
Republicans rejected the criticism, saying Democrats wanted a political issue for next year's elections rather than genuine patient protections.
''Getting a balance between the drama and the B-movie action element, that's the hardest thing,'' he said.
After the flight was delayed, Sally Ride, the first American woman in space and a Space.com executive vice president, flew in from Cape Canaveral for the Web site's party.
Paul S. Newman, who was listed in the Guinness Book of World Records as the most prolific comic-book writer of all time, died on May 30 in Columbia, Md.
Randy has been playing offense his entire life.
Eleven other states expect to begin anti-tobacco efforts, including advertising, in the next year, and at least 10 of them plan to spend much more per capita than New York.
He has even opened a store on the Net, www.niebaum-coppola .com.
The baby, Neal Borkowski, was born May 12, two months after an operation that relieved pressure on the brain.
P. J. Carlesimo was the Golden State coach who tried to rein in the star's free spirit two years ago and ended prying Sprewell's fingers off his neck.
''We think that's a travesty.
The other is whether the utility is making the necessary investments in backup systems so that when one element in its network fails, another can take its place.
''But not individuals who have to get coverage on their own.
Yet the most active and powerful groups within the Social Democratic Party, including the huge labor unions, are fighting to prevent any change in the country's almost unparalleled system of social benefits.
They never saw him as unusually modern in his picture making but rather as an exceptional craftsman.
As might be expected, the indexes with the highest concentrations of multinationals saw the biggest declines in their correlation to other countries' market indexes once the multinationals were removed.
In normal circumstances, Michael Johnson would be on that list, too.
To order a document for a particular state, call (800) 989-9455.
Use one-and-a-quarter-inch drywall screws to attach the plywood to the joists.
More than 21 witnesses are prepared to testify to the damage wrought by Jehovah's Witnesses on their family life and finances.
The researchers found that the antennas were particularly sensitive to phenolic compounds found in wood smoke, and that the reaction was pronounced for a species of pine tree, Pinus sylvestris, it particularly favored.
Casey had replaced Feick with the 7-foot-1-inch Jim McIlvaine for added defensive post presence, but the Nets were destroyed in the paint, being outscored, 70-20.
Starting the day seven strokes behind Woods, Mickelson had no choice but to play aggressively.
The accommodating hostess apologized for the delays when she presented our check and said that to make amends she had deducted the cost of one entree.
''This action represents a fundamental change in how fuel tanks are designed, maintained and operated,'' the F.A.A.
The company employs 20 people.
The Chubb Corporation said yesterday that its Federal Insurance Company unit had acquired 28 percent of Hiscox P.L.C., a British specialty insurance group, for $:89.9 million ($146 million).
She graduated from Smith College and received a master's degree in early-childhood education from Lesley College.
It's the only way I know how to be.''
Writing letters from the institution to an indispensable boyfriend named Jimi (Joost Wijnant), Rosie expresses her desire to put the past behind her.
The experiences of 1,000 girls as they became successful women.
In no case where the military has actually heard from the utilities are disruptions considered likely.
So what is with the frequent smile on the lightly whiskered mouth of Martinez, who will open the three-of-five-game division series Wednesday night against Cleveland's Bartolo Colon, his friend and Dominican countryman, at Jacobs Field?
After years of severe anxiety and depression, her diligent record recently earned her a raise of 48 cents, to $8.20 an hour.
The brand switcheroo is emblematic of efforts by AT&T to remake itself into a provider of myriad communications services in addition to its mainstay long-distance telephone operations.
Chastened perhaps by a decade in which for many, careers didn't necessarily go according to plan and marriages didn't always work out, boomers today are nagged by the realization that life doesn't always work out the way they expect.
NEW JERSEY INTERNATIONAL FILM FESTIVAL ''Amberitis.''
She had heart palpitations, a headache and a sharp pain that charged up and down her left leg.
Mr. Zedillo's record of democratizing his party has been excellent in one respect -- the time when PRI candidates could count on a national victory though Election Day fraud is over, probably forever.
''It's unfair that single parents and the ones who really need the help are the ones whose jobs go unfilled,'' said Adrienne Davis, a sophomore and one of the service's managers.
The Panthers have been eliminated from playoff contention.
event, which was carried live by the Fox News Channel and MSNBC.)
Spanish saffron, particularly Coupe and La Mancha grades, was once considered the most desirable.
From the shore instead, our young guide had mounted a daylong fishing vigil.
A. I gave him the vanilla story of, um, that I -- I think I -- I don't remember exactly what I said.
Instead of empty seats around me, I saw old pals, family members, lovers and co-workers.
As a result, half a dozen informal candidates from all three major parties are now collecting donations with no legal restrictions.
(+) 3 45 PROTEIN POWER, by Michael R. Eades and Mary Dan Eades.
While support for the war continues, our leaders must make clear that their objective is victory, and nothing less.
He wrote nine books in his field, edited two more and contributed some 120 papers to scientific journals.
Between interrogations, the prisoner is kept in a ''preliminary confinement cell,'' a cage stuffed with other detainees with a rank toilet in the corner.
But I want to continue to build, I think .
Beloved husband of Kathryn, loving father of Ann McDonald.
conference on the problem of drug-resistant bacteria.
Violation of this treaty might impel Russia to increase its arsenal of intercontinental ballistic missiles, thereby renewing the nuclear arms race that Presidents Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan and George Bush managed to tamp down.
The cycle, Mr. Sklar said, has always been the same: a burst of serious, creative films that eventually transform into comedies (''Frankenstein,'' for instance, becomes ''Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein'') before the right cultural moment engenders a revival.
Dr. Venter and his colleague Dr. Smith have developed some clever tricks to help bypass the tedious mapping stage but nonetheless will have to piece together a jigsaw puzzle of 70 million pieces without any crib sheet.
and the various subway and bus services testify before the City Council to explain what went wrong.
The insurance institute, of Arlington, Va., conducts four tests.
Giuseppe Leto, 21, of New Milford, Conn., died after completing the eight-mile hike at Camp Lejeune on July 8.
''We find it difficult to fill our stomachs,'' said Mr. Paswan, a slender young man in a loincloth and tank top.
''My dad, Philip Raneri, summed it up by saying, 'It's our way of life,' '' David Raneri said, adding that for three generations the business has been run the same way: by supplying customers with a variety of high-quality products and a large helping of personal service.
Wesley Person scored 24 points for Cleveland.
will face a crucial test of its influence in Washington as the House votes on gun-control measures like requiring background checks of gun buyers at gun shows and raising the minimum age for buying a gun to 21 from 18.
The authorities were also reported to have cut off power supplies, fearing that electricity could spark further fires in damaged buildings.
''I don't know who he is.''
Their goals against average is 2.00, lowest in the league.
The eminently noncontroversial newsletter is mailed out by the Harvard Club to 4,000 people, and deals only with events in and around New York for Harvard Club members, who are all Harvard alumni.
Doug Miller broke a scoreless tie and the Rochester Rhinos went on to upset the Colorado Rapids of Major League Soccer, 2-0, last night to win the United States Open Cup in Columbus, Ohio.
Perhaps the two meshed because, as they learned during their discussions, they grew up near each other in the Hollis Hills neighborhood of Queens.
The women's auxiliary of the group has recently published materials attributing the war in Kosovo to a ''Jew world order,'' but the Anti-Defamation League said there was no known link between that auxiliary and the arsons.
Doesn't that increase the temptation to have a little bit in the back pocket to make sure you're going to make your numbers?
In 1954 he returned to the United States to teach Church History at Nashotah House Episcopal Seminary near Milwaukee, WI.
The Vikings' 147 first downs (89 passing) are the most of any N.F.C.
Patients and their families need help coping with the insidious progress of dementia and with planning -- making out wills, for example, and working out power of attorney so patients' wishes can respected even after they can no longer voice them.
Since word leaked out last week that talks with Northeast were under way, Con Edison's stock has been pummeled on concerns that a merger with Northeast would depress Con Edison's strong earnings.
Further, African-Americans who work to fight AIDS believe that they have learned through their own experiences in the church how to better recruit religious leaders to get on board with their programs.
The final and most ambitious route involves a three-way deal that hinges on negotiating changes to the Antiballistic Missile Treaty with the Russians to allow a limited national defense.
Wine merchant extraordinaire, he had been founder of Gallo Wine Distributors, Inc., co-founder of Premier Wine and Spirits, and Palm Bay Imports.
Last April, for example, the Intel Corporation introduced the Celeron processor as a low-cost alternative to the Pentium II chip.
The most honest answer to all of these questions is, of course, There's no way to know.
''It fits right in with Weird New Jersey.''
Rome, where the exuberant spirit of the Baroque first arose as a reaction to the formula classicism of Paladio and the rules laid down by revivalists of the early Roman architect Vitruvius, was the perfect arena for princely showoffs.
Friends may call Saturday, 7-9pm & Sunday 2-4pm, & 7-9pm at the Edwin Bennett Funeral Home, 824 Scarsdale Ave., Scarsdale, NY.
Mr. Loucks would read the train schedules he picked up along the way, stick them in his coat pocket and take them home.
The retailer, which has about 5,900 stores, was hurt by weak sales and price markdowns much of the last year, in part because of heightened competition.
He has already changed the tenor of Mr. Turner's family-oriented network: two weeks ago, W.C.W.
to demand a fare increase.
On June 21, Denver joins the growing list of landlocked cities that have aquariums.
Other experts disagreed, saying that there was a foreseeable serious risk of bias in the test, and that the testing company and the state should have gone to more trouble to avoid it.
''Our whole approach is all about privacy and security for our members, and I think this is really embarrassing for Microsoft.''
(Reuters) ITALY: CRIME AND WITNESS PROTECTION A mobster and convicted murderer confessed to mutilating and killing his former girlfriend while he was in the Italian witness protection program.
It takes six to eight hours to set everything up to be able to brew beer and 90 percent of the work is sanitizing.
''If the fourth-place team in the Big East doesn't get in, there's something very wrong,'' Syracuse Coach Jim Boeheim said.
Two desserts deserve special mention.
Both candidates are Yoruba from the southwest.
''The corpse of many a company has been led down the wrong canyon by Early Adopters,'' Saffo says.
''As the match went on I got a little loose,'' Capriati said.
And it took most of the day for the technology sector to shed the hangover from Thursday, when Steven A. Ballmer, the president of Microsoft, set off a rapid afternoon selloff by saying technology stocks were overvalued.
The Albanian partisans changed that by trying to infiltrate Kosovo from their bases in Albania about two weeks ago.
''There just isn't enough work for all of us.''
I'm framing them and may have them hung in time for the tour.''
CBS television documentary on Vietnam.
-- God C'mon over and bring the kids.
City officials said yesterday they could not comment on the lawsuit because they had not seen the court papers.
Now the process essentially goes on hold for two weeks, and diplomats fear that Mr. Milosevic will try to exploit this delay by making inroads against the Kosovo Liberation Army, the separatist rebel group.
Recently, several waterproofing companies changed their names in anticipation of indictments, according to investigators and apartment managers.
His Mount Kenya camp is barely developed, a weedy collection of old farm buildings where on one recent day two athletes performed perfunctory stretches in front of a visiting reporter.
Mr. Cunningham, who was born in Cincinnati in 1952, graduated from Stanford University and the University of Iowa.
Mr. Vujovic noted with satisfaction that NATO had finally admitted that one of its bombs had hit a residential part of Pristina.
Throughout the character changes of ''Figural,'' ''there is not one gesture, not one look, that calls attention to Nobrega's person or personality,'' wrote Ms. Heliodora, who has called the performer's talent and technique ''exceptional.''
The officer, Serafin Melendez, 38, was the second police officer to resign from the department for refusing to take a drug test since the allegations of drug use and corruption were first made last week, the police said.
At mealtimes, she would eat everything on her plate as quickly as possible and demand more, hiding food to eat between meals.
has a tank, the Roebling V.F.W.
''Now there's no clear goal for fiscal policy.
He turns 40 on Feb. 15.
Our condolences to her children and grandchildren.
But on the morning of the shootings, college administrators, after some initial hesitation, allowed Lo to pick up a suspicious package from an outfit called Classic Arms that had arrived for him in the college mail room.
In an ancillary campaign called We Will Remember, the group said it had received pledges amounting to $13 million and 700,000 volunteer hours for year 2000 political campaigns.
We discovered that the allegations of grand jury perjury against the President were still changing, still expanding, still increasing in number.
That might seem to be about the upper limit of human endurance, but not for Patricia Buttenheim and Ann Snoeyenbos.
Born on June 12, 1896, in Barbados, Arthur Thornhill came to Montclair in 1908, at age 12, shortly after his mother died.
''I had a few chances in the middle of the round to get something going, but I wasn't able to make putts,'' he said.
Still, even in New York, some conservatives found the deal hard to stomach.
They were trying to use their athleticism and they didn't use their heads.''
Both have also been aggressive about deploying new services to customers relatively quickly.
On Sunday, Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana tried to sally into Versace country as nonchalantly as Tonto and the Lone Ranger riding into big trouble.
So when the saxophonist James Moody strolled out during the second half, it was a critical moment of relief, though he, too, proceeded to lean on old tricks: in his case, a vocal number that parodies the lyrics of ''Pennies from Heaven.''
Liberty Media will receive 18 million Cendant shares and rights for two years to buy about 29 million Cendant shares at $23 each.
''That's what I'm paid to do,'' he said before Game 1.
The Americans wasted $25 billion for prestige.
As such, the decision represents little lost business for Wal-Mart.
But the candidates' tempered tone, he said, poses a dilemma for conservative voters.
6:24:28 30813 Koppenhafer, C, 51F .
Other corporate alumni networks exist, though few are active.
When they run out, the winery will unlock the already bottled 1996 edition (529 cases).
Returning to Old Montreal, we cycled right to Place Jacques-Cartier, a wide, cobblestoned square where flower sellers and street entertainers beguile crowds of visitors as they stroll by outdoor cafes.
The objects appear to have been pieced together from shards collected in the field, as if they were the remains of an ancient civilization, now extinct.
''Most students here do not try to make it happen,'' Carl Lawson, a black senior from Highland Park, Mich., said of students' developing relationships across racial lines.
Expressions of condolence may be addressed to Howard Funeral Home, 754 U.S. Highway #
'' Some of Mr. Clinton's advisers are also interested in punishment.
Loving mother of Michael Nimetz.
Nederlander Theater, 208 West 41st Street, (212) 307-4100.
But as Disney, MTV and Morgan Stanley moved in, Times Square took off and rents rose to the point where, real estate executives said, ABC's ''Good Morning America'' is paying roughly seven times Virgin's $1.2 million-a-year rent for a ground-floor studio with large windows at 1500 Broadway that is intended to help the program compete with NBC's ''Today'' program, which has studios at Rockefeller Center.
Several industries, especially housing and automobiles, continue to support record or near-record sales.
And some steps taken because of the spill may actually protect it all the more.
To the Editor: Re ''Harlem on the Brink'' (Sept. 26): Harlemites opposing the new projects there show a typically addled New York attitude toward development.
Backers of Mr. Bush and Mr. McCain argue that Democrats will have a much more difficult time uniting because of the bitter sparring between Vice President Al Gore and former Senator Bill Bradley.
Since the mental health clinic occupies most of the space, the Giuliani administration announced that the state would have to move it elsewhere.
A compelling trait of the best coaches in the next century will be those who can milk and massage the egos and confidence of the ''minor players,'' while creating room for the superstar to be a superstar.
Michael Ondich, a teacher and coach who had received the fraudulent certification, tried to administer aid to the student.
E-Loan, based in Dublin, Calif., closed $1 billion in loans last year through its Web site, www.eloan.com.
His writing recalls more than anything the testimony of some German citizens living near the death camps.
How many lifeguards are there and are they specifically trained for the types of swimming areas at the camp?
Mr. Clinton's fate was on the line.
By Mr. Joosten's estimate, if electricity is completely deregulated, the market price will be about 2 cents per kilowatt-hour at the wholesale level, a price that about 28 nuclear plants cannot achieve.
Last week, Mr. Giuliani said he would not grant a permit for what he called a ''hate march.''
Hours: Mondays through Fridays, 9 A.M. to 5 P.M.; Sundays, 1 to 4 P.M. 335 North Franklin Turnpike, Ho-Ho-Kus.
He added that while he had no immediate plans to wage another campaign, he was ''absolutely committed to spending the rest of my life as a spokesman for the rights of European-Americans.''
THE Knicks gathered and practiced yesterday.
''The Sandglass'' may simply have too much crammed into too small a space.
On one end of the spectrum, two appliqued ''fair weather'' tents from the 1930's demonstrate how well-to-do Tibetans shielded themselves from the sun during festivals, and on the other end a yak-hair tent illustrates how nomads lived.
A five-piece setting of the frosted plastic cutlery is $9.50 at Ad Hoc Softwares, 410 West Broadway (Spring Street).
The border posts are relatively easy to attack, particularly when bad weather or target identification problems have prevented allied planes from hitting more difficult targets, like Serbian troops and armor.
Isn't that a little aggressive?''
Ore, chairman of the association and director of corporate purchasing for the Chesapeake Corporation in Richmond, Va. Manufacturing is on course to have its best three-month showing in five years.
It is an interesting dichotomy: the old-school mind controlling and nurturing a Generation X body.
As an early, generous, and continuing supporter of Sephardic Bikur Holim he shared our vision and commitment towards helping those among us suffering and struggling with illness and poverty.
''I will leave that to you,'' he said.
It's been pretty much me versus the Kenyans, with new Kenyans every two or three years.
Then he cast Ms. Davis as a platinum blond assassin in ''The Long Kiss Goodnight,'' which also failed to make money.
(In the implants case, three of the four appointed scientists were women, a sex ratio that -- perhaps purposely?
The county's position, Mr. Robbins said, is to preserve Westchester's biodiversity and not allow one species to push out others.
Her design was less illusionistic than the theater.
Baghdad is not likely to be pleased by the list of names that Mr. Amorim has chosen after having consulted Secretary General Kofi Annan and the Security Council.
The Red Sox have given up just 2 runs in the last 26 innings.
Catherine J. Kosabin, the Bronx.
''Everyone's investing in multiple plays because no one has a clue how trading will turn out,'' said Bill Burnham, a general partner at Softbank Capital Partners, a venture capital fund.
''So you do what you have to.
Everyone stopped turned out to be innocent.
But throughout, EBTG basically told one multifaceted story, about the uneasy connections between public and private, the push of progress and the pull of introversion and domesticity.
The shares sold amounted to a 14 percent stake and gave the company a market value of $482.5 million.
They knew they needed to be investing but were bewildered with what they needed to do.''
And how much does she enjoy making films?
Sir Ernest Shackleton's expedition to Antarctica during World War I, maybe the greatest, most harrowing epic of modern global exploration, is recounted through more than 150 photographs by Frank Hurley, who was on the trip, as well as with artifacts and some ingenious video displays.
How to do this without declaring independence, which might start a war?
''I think the result has been that the economy has sputtered, we have not made as much progress on these issues,'' Mr. Bradley said.
Whether Beethoven knew that the power of the ''Hammerklavier'' derives in part from performers struggling with it or whether he was oblivious to those struggles is an interesting question.
Then, Mr. Gammons said, he started to ask himself whether he could fairly judge the situation from so great a distance, in terms of miles and personal experience.
Fishermen said the changes could cost thousands of people their jobs.
Tony Bui was only 2 when his family fled Vietnam in 1975 shortly before the fall of Saigon.
The Russian military could use the Terek River as a defensible boundary.
It features large sculptural whorls of titanium and glass, which, in artists' renderings, at least, make the place look like a discoth que in a Mediterranean resort.
Because Iraqi security services protect both Mr. Hussein and Baghdad's unconventional weapons, it is likely some information about Mr. Hussein and his inner circle was routinely acquired by American spy agencies as they assisted the U.N. in its search for arms.
That gives the Administration almost four months to get it right.
For girls, better nutrition over all and fewer infectious diseases no doubt play a role, because these trends result in more consistent growth.
Loving father of Peter (Carol) and Robert (Leslie).
1763: BREAK OUT THE DISHES -- Josiah Wedgwood patents his trademark earthenware.
On behalf of all our members we express our deepest condolences to his family.
Overcoming early troubles and avoiding mistakes on the back nine, Woods held on to win at Walt Disney World Resort by one stroke over Ernie Els, who shot a 71 today.
Loving mother of Marjorie B. Krug, Constance B. Margolin and Audrey B.
''She had to put on her Hillary the Partner hat to defend and deny and sweep up behind him; she was a high-status abused wife.
E-Stamp sends you a tiny gadget to attach to your PC.
There was joy in Boston, with the Red Sox on the verge of sweeping Detroit and threatening to draw as close as two games of first place.
''It's easy to watch the main roads,'' said Indy.
Not to cast members who learned to live with Mr. Carrey's habit of staying in character off the set while making the film.
To Sheila, his children and grandchildren, our heartfelt condolences The Rennert Family RICHMAN-Bernard.
Foreign Minister Alexander Downer of Australia estimated that Indonesia now has 26,000 armed soldiers and police officers in East Timor.
Tickets may be purchased in advance through Ticketmaster: (212) 307-4007 or by calling the museum for advance and same-day tickets (212) 945-0039.
Those flats, popularized by her, have become ubiquitous again.
should investigate other, less expensive changes, like new subways cars with bigger doors and alterations to station platforms and entrances.
Clifford Chance, with 2,000 lawyers, is Britain's largest law firm.
Ferry's translation on Virgil and Seamus Heaney's take on ''Beowulf.''
to take advantage of low commodity prices.
In Pretoria, where comparable surveys were conducted in 1995 and in late 1998, researchers say those who fully support such a scheme appear to have grown from 33 percent to 42 percent.
The move in the dollar also buoyed stocks.
An advanced Army command unit with 200 troops is to fly overnight to Macedonia.
While too many years had passed for me to be sure that my Mighty Mo tasted anything like its prototype, the boys instantly declared it a hit and superior to its professional competitors.
But the extra tribute pieces were also a way to solve one of this year's special problems: there were not, Mr. Davies said, ''a lot of huge, popular films, or huge stars for that matter, with nominations.''
Where did the other villagers go?
The link between the generations is so strong that half of all juveniles in custody have a father, mother or other close relative who has been in jail or prison, said Allen J. Beck, chief of corrections statistics at the bureau.
The neighbors attributed their skepticism, in part, to a Mayor they described as ''arrogant'' and ''selfish,'' but most of all, absent.
Silman has been sentenced to 46 months in prison.
The commission more than doubled the money available to big telephone companies, like the regional Bells and GTE, that serve rural customers and others in high-cost markets, to $437 million from $207 million.
''I know that in many countries parks are closed off to people, but that's impossible here.''
His work is in the collections of the Tate Gallery in London, the Cincinnati Art Museum, the Musee d'Art Moderne de la Ville Paris and the Brooklyn Museum of Art.
Mr. Breaux's proposal would also reduce Medicare's role in paying for the training of doctors, and this would save money for Medicare.
Mr. Bloom's argument is that in characters like Falstaff, Iago, Hamlet and Cleopatra, Shakespeare invented the inwardness of the human self.
Yet laws can be changed and society reformed, whereas history cannot.
Indeed, the three biggest had already been sounding each other out for more than a year.
agent who was posing as a 13-year-old girl, the complaint says.
A good piano seems to do half the work for you.
With the bone-piercing cold that ushered in the new year set to give way to snow, sleet and ultimately freezing rain, emergency crews across the New York metropolitan region were on alert yesterday, watching the forecasts as they prepared to salt hundreds of miles of roadways and respond to downed power lines and other weather-related problems.
My guess is that they will be needed in abundance there for the children.
In the early 1990's, auto manufacturers like General Motors and Ford were eager to develop active mufflers, and not just because they would make cars quieter.
But Mr. Tudjman's death ''will bring good news to Croatia in political terms,'' Mr. Letica said.
The rest remain vacant, awaiting new uses, which Mr. Knitter thinks could eventually include housing, recreational facilities or even pet cemeteries.
No milk, no eggs, no cheese.
New York farmers want to join the Northeast Interstate Dairy Compact, a New England group that sets milk prices.
Many times after just getting a pass off, he was smashed by a Miami player.
He once scored 50 points on Erving in the Rucker Tournament, in which playground stars play with and against college and professional stars.
The Kronos played with an almost defiant energy and brilliance.
The Chargers also were without defensive tackle Norman Hand, cornerback Terrance Shaw and running back Natrone Means, who has now missed six games.
The focus at this bright, plain restaurant is beef, huge portions served unadorned, still sizzling from the grill.
In another case involving Cupid and the computer, Rob Van Slyke, sponsorship coordinator for the Year 2000 Information Center in Texas, received something along the lines of the following in his E-mail In box from a media buyer, dated late one Friday night after he had helped her close a deal: ''Hey, babe!
The first Clayton (Peg Leg) Bates Award for Tap Dance Achievement will be given to Danny Hoctor, 80, shown at right in a photograph taken around 1940.
More than a dozen Virginia wines, plus plenty of others; the wait staff is overstretched.
Once the patriarch of an extended family, Mr. Jarka used to bring home a 110-pound bag of rice on the last day of each month, taking care of his and his wife's relatives.
Hail works for Ms. Dorfman's reappearance, but Mr. Webre's farewell needs qualifying.
The 1999 surplus followed a surplus of $69.2 billion in 1998, the first time the government had finished in the black since 1969.
Great crowds of men (and women, who, in the spirit of everybody doing his and her part, don helmets and chain mail) mill about whacking and chopping at each other with staves and axes and swords.
Directed by Wes Craven (PG, 110 minutes).
And Mr. Robbins said it had several other attributes important to Cox, including what he called ''a powerful commitment to customer service, a solid management team, a strong balance sheet and a technologically advanced network.''
''The thing that made me decide to open the door to Virginia and Carl McCall was the sense that they wanted to have a good-faith conversation.
The proposed divestitures were part of intensive negotiations that were supervised from the government's side by Robert Pitofsky, the chairman of the Federal Trade Commission.
Today at 10 A.M. For ages 3 to 7.
A spokesman for the Russian Space Agency, Sergei Gorbunov, said the launching of the living quarters could take place as late as September instead of July.
This was the second time the union had gone to Federal court in Philadelphia and the second time it withdrew the action.
He noted that nearly three-quarters of the Council members will not be allowed to run for re-election in 2001 because of term limits.
But I like to believe that my children are too young to sin, so feeding the fish seemed a more wholesome way to acknowledge their bad deeds for the year.
A cover article bringing you the news of the demise of Great Britain, by one of its finest exports; a noted scholar's surprising thoughts on the Ayatollah Khomeini's legacy; an essay by the Times science writer Natalie Angier debunking a popular new explanation of gender differences -- a magazine, in short, that uses reporting, writing, photography and argument to help you engage the larger world.
Length of trip: 3 months, in 1998.
The public hospital system in South Africa is so short of cash that it lacks enough workers, medical equipment, ambulances, linens and medicine to provide proper care to the poor, a government commission has found.
And, though Miramax and Disney movies make up only a small portion of the 1999 market share of the film industry -- 20 percent in terms of revenues through the month of October, according to The Hollywood Reporter -- about half of the features in Talk by or about people in the movie industry are about people involved in Miramax or Disney projects.
An informal survey of 10 cities around the country, both large and small, found the answer most often to be no.
They're not featured in the color brochures.
A high-level official of a South African multiracial political party, the United Democratic Movement, was assassinated today, riddled with bullets as he left a grocery store near his home in a rural area about an hour's drive north of Durban.
The just released third-quarter numbers put the overall office vacancy rate at 16 to 17 percent, according to most reports, which is relatively unchanged since the same time last year.
On Friday, the Mummers of Long Island perform at 8:15 P.M. at the Sousa Band Shell in Port Washington 327-3100).
Chili-rubbed shrimp are served with a fresh, lively black bean and mango salad.
When it comes to wine, Las Vegas is the place to be: a city with an unquenchable thirst.
''Crazy Rhythm: Manhattan in the 20's,'' with Richard Rodney Bennett, pianist.
But change just one fact -- say Ed and Mary are married -- and then Jane becomes a donor and Mary is the mother.
Those of us who think that music ought to come first, and the spectacle of performing a distant second, take comfort in a Muse like this.
''You're surrounded by this remarkable memorabilia of Abraham Lincoln,'' she said.
''If a woman goes on a business trip, she is asked, 'How is your husband coping while you are away?'
Of the three, Joe was the natural.
The idea of new supersonic transport planes is dead, at least for the next 5 to 10 years; airlines took options on 70 Concordes in the 1960's but eventually canceled all but 13 of them, and no one sees a market to build more in the near future.
CAVALIERS 98, BUCKS 74 Wesley Person scored 20 points and Shawn Kemp recovered from an early injury to score 10 points in an eight-minute burst to lead host Cleveland.
Croatia, despite its fervent desire to join Europe, has been kept from two of the main waiting rooms for integration: NATO's so-called Partnership for Peace, which even Albania and Kazakhstan have been allowed to join, or the European Union's program known as Phare, the French word for beacon, which provides financial and technical assistance to nearly every other post-Communist country in Central Europe.
One of the sport's superstars Frankie Fredericks won the 200-meter final in a meet-record time of 20.10 seconds.
Hours: Today and tomorrow, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sunday, 1 to 5 p.m. Free (Cotter).
Twelve of Michael Chang's 33 tournament crowns have come in the Far East.
The reason is that new-home building tracks the growth rate in household formation, which has been declining.
Based on early indications, the Knicks are in need of some drama in order to perform.
Steele: She looks as if she has set out on her day and is prepared for everything.
Vesey's complex relationship with his owner and namesake, Capt.
The debate over Medicaid managed care in New York began in 1991, when the state established a program to enroll recipients gradually and on a voluntary basis.
Regardless of legal status, some come for a few years to save up money while others hope to stay for good even if they can never get the schooling, housing and other rights of a permanent resident.
His likes will not pass this way soon again.
''This study had only a 12-month follow-up,'' he said.
A study conducted in New York state between August 1995 and January 1997 of almost a thousand H.I.V.-exposed babies was published last year by the New England Journal of Medicine.
And they will promote CDnow on their existing Internet sites as well as on their album covers and broadcast networks and even through inserts in boxes of Sony electronics products.
Despite low -- and possibly declining -- inflation and the forecast by many economists that the American economy is slowing down, Treasury interest rates, from short-term notes to long-term bonds, have shot sharply higher the last month.
On permanent display is ''Where Is Home?
Memorial Thursday, June 17th at 12:00 noon, Parkside Chapel, Queens Boulevard, Forest Hills.
Mr. Ketut, who like many Indonesians has only one name, is an ardent supporter of Ms. Megawati.
Once Ms. Lategano made her desires known, it seemed, the field was cleared.
IN a burst of energy that recalls another a century ago that led to the building of elegant structures for many of the city's premier cultural institutions, Chicago is once again seeing a boom in new lakefront museum construction projects.
Mr. Watkins of Morgan said his firm shared that view.
''For the time being, inflation remains exceptionally quiescent, with the year-over-year increase in consumer prices, excluding food and energy, falling to 2.1 percent, the lowest rate in more than 30 years,'' economists at Goldman, Sachs told clients in a report this week.
But on some level the unity was short-lived.
Another in Loehmann's in Paramus: GOOCH E.'' And finally, on a Mercedes in the parking lot at The Mall at Short Hills: ''BNKRPT.''
Miss Mudd let us leave.
This evocative 1969 period piece, set on the brink of Woodstock in a Catskills holiday camp, is as seductive as the handsome, itinerant hippie who turns its heroine's life upside down.
And because of all the 20's Tudor houses in the area, a wealth of ornate Gothic furnishings is lurking in the shops.
La-Z-Boy Edwin Shoemaker -- b.
Commissioner Paul Tagliabue delayed the Jets-Broncos start for 10 minutes, from 4:05 P.M. Eastern time to 4:15, because the National Football Conference championship game between Atlanta and Minnesota had gone into overtime.
But the brand-name firms all wised up pretty quickly.
Information technology spending accounts for just 2.3 percent of corporate revenue on average, and many companies are budgeting for an increase in that figure.
The entrecote had the texture of a tenderized piece of meat.
A lot of the core people should be healthy.
Loving father of Kathie Strauss and Susan Hurwitz.
A decade ago, a small band of poor but hardy artists moved into a vast, vacant factory on Bedford Avenue in the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn.
But he said his consultations with drug treatment experts had persuaded him not to eliminate methadone programs, which researchers across the country have described as the best hope for the vast majority of recovering heroin addicts.
Born in New York City to Elizabeth and Stanley M. Rumbough, Mrs. Van Norden was a resident of New York before moving to Palm Beach.
Fortunately, there is a compromise that could satisfy the Gates family's charitable urges while doing more for society than any of the foundation's current initiatives.
(Reuters) THE AMERICAS MEXICO: A SURGE IN MIGRANTS -- The number of undocumented Central Americans passing through Mexico en route to the U.S. surged by 30 percent in January and February as a result of the devastation caused by Hurricane Mitch, immigration authorities said.
Ms. Norman, as singer and actress, and Mr. Jones, as choreographer and dancer, were at their best when they performed individually, although aided by a pianist, Harry Huff, and an accordionist, William Schimmel.
What happens on the glossy page is not necessarily what transpires in the back, or front, for that matter, yard.
During our weekend visit, we remarked on the happy fact that so much of the tourist onslaught was Spanish and didn't therefore alter the character of the place the way a crush of foreigners might.
His inspirational leadership, his ebullient personality, his devotion to the thousands of students he reached out to and his personal commitment to Horace Mann are remembered by all of us.
Alabama's Constitution, written in 1901, prohibits a black person, or any descendant of a black person, from marrying a white person.
Operating with little regulation or accountability, the detectives spy on opponents by posing as reporters or by sending in operatives who work as volunteers in the campaign.
As Mr. Starr has contemplated how to complete his work and leave office, the Justice Department has agreed to a request by Congressional Democrats to investigate whether prosecutors in Mr. Starr's office improperly dealt with Ms. Lewinsky when they first confronted her January 1998 in the Ritz-Carlton Hotel in Alexandria, Va., about her relationship with Mr. Clinton.
In a clash of last-place teams, the MetroStars might have available some of their injured players tonight when they play the Kansas City Wizards at Giants Stadium.
Hours: Mondays and Wednesdays, noon to 9 P.M.; Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays, noon to 5 P.M. Closter Public Library, 280 High Street, Closter.
In the spring of 1980, when Iowa beat Georgetown to qualify for the Final Four, Philip and I jumped up and down and cried and hugged each other in a way we wouldn't have dreamed of doing otherwise.
Prosecutors said the defendant, Irwin Bloom, underreported his income by $667,000 in 1992 and by $230,000 in 1993.
There are also several good farmers' markets where stands sell not only fruits and vegetables but such offbeat items as jojoba oil.
I don't see any reason to abandon the winning system.
''I would say it's probably likely,'' he said.
Could I save myself if I were hanging from a cliff?
An aide to Mr. Connelly, Don Vander Lugt, presented a separate study here concluding that at least when vehicles were struck in the side, by any vehicle, the stiffness, height, width and curvature of the striking vehicle's front end were each more important than the striking vehicle's weight.
Though he cared about faithful rhythmic execution, he cared more about conveying rhythmic character.
This technique of combining bars or sheets of color into canes has been borrowed from Venetian glass makers who named it millefiore, or thousand flowers, for the detailed images they produced.
Streeter said that he would give Smith the ball anyway if he is close to the record in the last game.
Jose Jimenez of St. Louis has become the best known rookie pitcher because he pitched a no-hitter against Arizona and beat Randy Johnson while doing it.
He threw things around the house and broke them.
In the 1980's, the Communist Party began trying to attract support by adopting aspects of popular ancient doctrines, like Confucianism and qigong.
When Mr. Hundt stepped down in 1997, Mr. Kennard was on no one's list to succeed him.
In addition to skipping the State of the Union address, Mr. Tancredo was the only freshman House member of either party to refuse an invitation to visit the White House.
Mr. Jordan's intoxicating version of Graham Greene's 1951 novel, in which an illicit affair becomes a far greater gamble than either lover could have imagined.
William Street and Washington Road, Princeton.
WITH: Michael Hayden (''Sparky'' Watts), Bill Smitrovich (James Anderson), Lisa Emery (Julia), Connor Trinneer (Bob Munger), Mia Tagano and Toshiro Akira Yamamoto (Stagehands) and Sonnie Brown (Reader).
Foreign ministers of the contact group, which oversees the former Yugoslavia, are expected to meet at the end of the week.
''It was a relatively minor fire, but it generated a lot of smoke, so it took a lot of time to ventilate the station,'' said Chief Peter Hayden of the New York City Fire Department.
As the summer goes along, Rai's avidity leads him into drug dealing, an activity he conceals from his friends.
And in Washington the president's national security adviser, Samuel R. Berger, said in a television interview: ''We certainly urged Syria to use its influence to bring about restraint from Hezbollah.''
Once again, W. has given an interview on foreign affairs that seems willfully clueless.
SOMETHING has happened to the county's co-op market that would have seemed inconceivable just a few years ago: Some real estate agents are complaining that they have few apartments to sell.
But the efforts seem unlikely to go anywhere.
Representatives of all 75 municipal unions are scheduled to hold a conference in Princeton, N.J., this weekend to flesh out the negotiating strategy and sketch out specific demands.
Dinner for two, with glasses of wine, is about $65.
''How much I wish my mother and father and Dr. Arnulfo Arias were sitting in front watching this historic day.
''Even after the deal, we are facing the same competition against the same teams,'' an ESPN spokeswoman said.
His colleague replies, ''I thought she'd been here longer.''
On Good Friday, April 2, 1790, when the 50-year-old Marquis de Sade was released from the Charenton insane asylum after nearly 12 years in three French prisons, he vowed in a letter to his lawyer that he would forever sanctify that day with ''moaning and weeping.''
''Although I did have film references, I thought more about painting when I was doing 'The War Zone.'
The Graduate Center and The CUNY Baccalaureate Program mourn the loss of John F. Kennedy Jr.
This sets the stage for tomorrow's four screenings of ''Do the Right Thing'' (1989), Mr. Lee's first major feature, an examination of racism that was nominated for an Academy Award for best screenplay.
On Feb. 4, Dr. Gass held a meeting to explain the new transplant priorities.
Lucy Mitchell-Innes, another Manhattan dealer said that ''even mediocre pictures did well.''
Why am I getting it?''
Sergeant Bugge was fined $40,000 and placed on probation for three years.
They don't close medical schools; they open medical schools.
''It's almost as if the more important the subject, the more gratuitous the conventional approaches of fiction seem.
Taoists believe that the gods' lives paralleled man's, so temples routinely provide bedrooms and food for the deities.
For one thing, the seismic data can tell you about the differential rotation of liquid metal in the earth's core -- a key factor causing variations in the earth's magnetic field.''
At the time of the appointment, Mr. Wilker's tasks were described as management, financial control, fund-raising and community outreach.
Volunteers from all walks of life, they came together in the 1970's when the Long Island Rail Road donated the last two steam locomotives it owned to Nassau County, which keeps Number 35 in Mitchel Field, and to Suffolk County, where No.
Mr. Cameron produced most of the designs during Mr. Parzinger's last 15 years, as the master devoted himself to his Expressionistic painting, which bears no resemblance to his crisp furniture forms.
In 2000, full-day rafting trips on the Zambezi will be offered from August to January; the price for one person is $75; five-day rafting trips will be offered from July to mid-February, and the price for one person is $750.
Just 38 when he accepted the music directorship in 1973, he brought vitality and undeniable talent to the job.
The rule change, she said, would smooth out a commodity adviser's returns.
In Vietnam neither side understood the bottom line of the other with regard to how South Vietnam should be governed, by whom and for how long.
The promised extraditions of some Mexican drug suspects to the United States have not materialized, and drug enforcement programs have been rocked by a series of public conflicts between the two Governments.
Not the Bank of America that refused his $400 to open a checking account.
Fair elections will become impossible.
It will give him a chance, he said, against the country club.
's order, a glance at the operation would have raised numerous flags.
By the end of 2000, the company intends to expand its competition against its progeny, the Baby Bells, by offering local phone service in most of TCI's other markets.
She is the daughter of Barbara and John Greenman of New York.
Earlier, Arnaud Clement of France, ranked 61st, beat third-seeded Felix Mantilla of Spain, 6-2, 6-1; eighth-seeded Jonas Bjorkman of Sweden struggled before beating Cecil Mamiit, 6-0, 6-7 (3-7), 7-6 (8-6), and fifth-seeded Sebastien Grosjean of France advanced to the quarterfinals in a walkover when Andrew Ilie failed to show.
Most civilians had evacuated the villages on Saturday.
He was predeceased by his son, Robert ''Sandy'' Ramsey.
The past weekend's ratings soared, because of the strong American showing and the placement of both singles finals on Sunday.
3:10:42 1269 Alphen Van, L, 44M .
This overcrowded exhibition presents 59 works leading up to that period, easel-size pictures from 1941 to 1952.
''But they won't correct them unless we keep showing up.''
In fact, before being merged into the National Basketball Association, the Nets sold Julius Erving, their nonpareil star, to the Philadelphia 76ers, in order to afford to join the league.
4:55:10 23660 Play, O, 30M .
''The smallness of the fragment highlights the complexity of the restoration, given that it is one of the largest pieces,'' said Pia Palladino, a research associate in the Met's Robert Lehman Collection.
With studies showing more than 1 million people age 60 or older living in the five boroughs, private, for-profit residences like the Esplanade on West End Avenue that did not exist seven years ago are now opening across the city.
''Cartoonists as a group usually get to the heart of the matter, are pretty truthful and most of all, are funny.''
People with a variety of questions about the rules called Mr. Schuber's office in Bergen County and the state's drought telephone line in Trenton, at (800) 448-7379.
Brasileira de Distribuio, a Sao Paulo-based operator of supermarkets under the Po de Aucar name.
Manuel A. Candelaria, the pilot, quipped as the sun rose over the Adriatic.
He is an unabashed hero in his sailing-crazed nation, with the knighthood to prove it.
Halifax P.L.C., the nation's largest, announced a 0.14 point rise in its variable mortgage rate, the most common mortgage here, to 6.99 percent, starting Oct. 1.
The police raid stunned the quiet village.
Wife of Morton M. Levine, deceased in 1990.
The fight between them is played while each tugs the end of a rope.
First, ''Lyndon takes more of the Catholic flavor off me.''
They were wrestling with a sign that read, ''Al, Kiss My Grits.''
Frank let the wood or shagreen or cracked eggshell be the decoration.
She especially shudders at her recollections of the city's shelter system, which has improved dramatically since she experienced it but at its entry points remains frightening for the mentally ill. ''A shelter, it's a million times worse than the street,'' Ms. Flesch said.
Off-campus students with computers and a modem can also use the electronic library operation 24 hours a day in what is known as the ''virtual library'' program.
Today, 80 million people in this country, and nearly 200 million worldwide, are online.
Mr. Sensenbrenner mischaracterized earlier testimony from the White House counsel, Charles F. C. Ruff, and misstated facts from the Jones case, claiming that Ms. Jones was denied merit pay raises.
But we shouldn't impose conditions of membership on China that we don't impose on any other country to get in the W.T.O.
WHEN the Prudential Insurance Company of America decided last month to sell its health-care operations to Aetna Inc., it was the latest example of a company that could not make money caring for sick people.
Cisco executives said large corporate networks, its traditional market, now accounted for slightly less than half of revenues.
This way they would still be playing free, and for pride and country, while also playing for charity.
At the finish, Young At Heart had two lengths on Good and Tough, while the favorite, Cowboy Cop, who had won five of his six previous starts, faded to sixth and last place.
He wasn't seeing anything but open track and the checkered flag waving when he crossed the finish line at the Pontiac Excitement 400 tonight.
Who will center the second line?
It's pretty hard to sleep at night.''
Weeks without rain has left puddles dusty, tires and cans empty.
One decade in that period when Florence became one of the foremost artistic centers of Europe is examined in the exhibition that opened yesterday in the National Gallery of London.
Our greatest challenge, over the next four years, will be to continue to control the cost and the growth of state government.''
Also, Mr. Buchanan's hard-edged conservative stands on issues like abortion and gay rights contrast with the party's more libertarian streak.
James Ortenzio, chairman of the Hudson River Park Trust, the joint state and city agency that will build and operate the park, termed the first stage just ''cosmetics.''
''HOT FEET,'' a revue by the Paper Bag Players, is a series of sketches about city life (complete with a mayor who is in love with his own idea of progress and a governor who is vain), written and directed by Judith Martin with the assistance of Ted Brackett.
But the success of their online competitors clearly has their attention.
While at first blush this would sound like good news for America's public universities -- how can you argue with more money?
In fact, Congress has not done much this year and probably will not do much until the summer, when it wrestles with appropriations bills.
At 7 o'clock, there is a a pre-concert program in the inner lobby by members of the orchestra's percussion ensemble (203-576-0263).
Rather, other substances in the herb seem to have diverse actions on brain chemicals, all of which work together to counter depression.
His curriculum included Saul Bellow, Bernard Malamud, Isaac Bashevis Singer.
(I can't complain about being left out; I was a consultant on a Microsoft Web venture, and I write occasionally for Slate, Microsoft's on-line magazine.)
On the exterior Schwartz & Gross also departed from tradition, designing a brick facade that changed in shade from bottom to top, from deep purple to yellow-white on the water-tank enclosure.
Ostensibly, ''Waiting in the Wings'' plays to that matinee brigade, wrapped up in their cozy reactionary stoles.
And as press junkets go, Cannes packs a considerable punch.
Last fall, the state Transportation Department, acting on a Federal mandate to improve air quality, informed Mr. Cifelli and 2,700 other mechanics, service station owners, auto dealers and fleet repair centers licensed to perform state automobile inspections that they had to buy, install and be able to operate a dynamometer for emissions testing by July 1 or lose their inspector's license.
Place the first course of timbers on the stone base.
Defensively, the Giants' starters looked very much like the unit that harassed the Vikings last week.
Several years ago, Mr. Lenzner created a division called Campaign Facts to specialize in political investigations.
The two later wed and had two daughters who are now grown, but eventually they got divorced.
She was always an advocate for the college and she will be missed.
Friends and associates of the suspect have said that Ms. Allison, who worked as an office assistant for Mr. Frankel, flew to Italy to join him on the run in late June.
''I was interested in seeing a broad response to the Getty's collection from people at different points in their careers,'' said Lisa Lyons, the show's guest curator.
And that, she said, is an established characteristic of male drivers.
The city is reviving long-dormant plans to build a shopping center on wetlands it owns next to the Clay Pit Pond Park, plans that residents have opposed for years.
Richard Butler, the chairman of the embattled inspection agency, assured United Nations Security Council members at the closed meeting that the minute quantities of toxic chemicals being stored in a laboratory in the Canal Hotel in posed no danger to Iraqi citizens.
I knew I was the only lesbian in the group.
Travelling soccer leagues were developed, with ''flights'' for players of differing abilities.
''We weren't mentally tough in that game.
And when Senator Frank R. Lautenberg of New Jersey campaigned in New Hampshire with Mr. Gore on Friday it was a vivid reminder that Mr. Bradley cannot count on political support from his home-state colleagues.
He and his partners bought or took over other projects, and he is building the Palisades apartment tower in Fort Lee on the ruins of yet another project.
Some are faxes from Bangladesh, half a world away.
** -- 83.9% Percentage who qualify for free lunch under Federal guidelines.
For instance, Mr. Balster's wife, Robin, will play a mischievous elf.
''They're going to have to learn from Sue,'' Lobo said.
Word was out, said Mr. Engel, that the belle of the ball was accepting gentleman callers.
3:35:12 4279 Wong, R, 53M .
When Mr. Gore first outlined his broad goals in May, Lamar Alexander, a former education secretary who has twice sought the Republican nomination for president, said the Gore plan amounted to creating ''a national school board.''
Alessandra Marc's contribution as Brunnhilde was less impressive, lacking freshness or luster.
Elections should be decided by the people.''
But he said there appeared to have been at least some underestimate, mostly because of measurement problems in the vast service sector.
In fundamental ways, the suburbs developed as the city's diametric opposite, with lawns replacing pavement, automobiles replacing mass transit, single-family homes replacing apartments -- and low-rise replacing skyscrapers.
''I'm glad our lives are going to go back to normal,'' said Karen Graham, 56, a Republican who nonetheless said she was amazed to find herself waiting for three hours this morning outside a local elementary school for a sight of the Clintons.
''I'm embarrassed and shocked,'' she added, scanning the ranks around her.
Mr. Treffinger, who had helped uncover what was happening by making late-night visits to the county reservation to witness and document the illegal dumping, said that he became the administration's ''implacable foe'' and set out to come up with a plan to protect the area from further misuse and locally unwanted development.
''I thought that record was the end of my career,'' he added.
She nodded and the young man spoke up.
Leyritz's Good Fortune When Jim Leyritz hammered a pinch-hit home run in Game 4 of the World Series on Wednesday night, his teammates spilled out of the dugout to congratulate him.
Jeffrey Kessler, the chief outside counsel for the union, called Jeffrey Mishkin, the N.B.A.
Part of the Lolli-Pops concert series for children 3 to 5 and featuring the brass ensemble of the Little Orchestra Society, tomorrow at 10:30 A.M. and noon and Sunday at 12:30 and 2 P.M. Sylvia and Danny Kaye Playhouse, Hunter College, 68th Street between Park and Lexington Avenues.
John Powell, a former leader of the Suffolk County Republican Party who was once seen as a rising star in the state party, was found guilty of conspiracy and extortion in a landfill scandal this evening by a federal jury.
As the blood pumped from its throat, the pig continued to squeal.
I spent the rest of the show listening to the score in stereo.
The audience erupted in cheers, not just to reward the players, it seemed, but to release themselves from the accumulated intensity.
Women being interrupted in their work is one of the basic motifs of history.
Sonic hedgehog, and whatever other genes might be required, would have to induce thick enough hairs to be cosmetically significant.
When you had to take him for a walk, he didn't want to go.
Another cast of the same sculpture, sold at Sotheby's by the Shelburne Museum in Vermont in 1996, brought $11.9 million.
degree from the University of Pittsburgh.
But the young men responded with rocks.
''A lot of these kids didn't get through high school.
But the 1998 dry rose from the tony Wolffer Estate/Sagpond Vineyards at Sagaponack on the South Fork of Long Island yields not a milliliter to this California starlet.
He is very good at explaining how the war began, and why it was in so many ways an accident -- only the Serbian nationalists who sought to dismember Hapsburg power in the Balkans and the German general staff, which had a ''plan'' to eliminate France and then smash the Russians, actively sought a conflagration.
This move was a calculated risk.
You want to go to Broadway, you want to play with the big guys, you can't complain about it.''
''It gives me another option.''
He has said that if the Senate failed to override his veto, he will summon a special session to consider a ban with a health exception.
NEW JERSEY JACKALS The Northern League's New Jersey Jackals re-signed outfielder Pete Rose Jr. yesterday.
Reporters, he said in an interview last week, do not ask for other reporters' sources.
Sunday at 4 P.M., Corpus Christi Church, 529 W. 121st Street, (212) 666-9266.
Mr. McManus said profit growth next year would slow slightly from the 20 percent increase he expects for the third and fourth quarter, but not much.
Many analysts attribute the stock's recent bullish performance to Mr. Guglielmi's return.
Mr. Carter also ventured that Mr. Clinton had been turned out of the Arkansas Governor's mansion in 1980 not because of the rioting refugees but because voters wanted to bring him ''down a notch.''
These days, the volunteers making up the grocery bags have less to choose from, because of a backlog of orders at Food for Survival.
Full food service will be available on the first two floors, with the 70-item menu devoted to what the company describes as ''upscale American grill food.''
Well, let's talk about -- let's talk about the Panama Canal, and then I'll come back to Taiwan.
''It was so exclusive that I can barely tell you a thing about it -- all my A-list chums are terrified I will report their little indiscretions.
''For men, the strongest predictor for having an affair is their attitudes and values about monogamy,'' she said.
Chances are good that given the popularity of Hanauma Bay and the famous Sandy Beach, close by at the eastern tip of the island, you could enjoy this spot all alone, too.
Later this year the Vatican will publish an updated martyrology, the list of the 10,000 or so recognized saints and martyrs.
Now that the first outbreak in the city's history has occurred, that approach will need revision.
General Troshev said that so far the Government was not insisting on a quick end to the fighting.
Her life is an inspiration to us all.
But they had no plans to buy anything.
Douglas Van Houweling, president of the University Corporation for Advanced Internet Development, a nonprofit organization that oversees the Internet2 project, sees it differently.
''The outbreak in New York teaches us that we can't protect the American people by focusing just on what happens inside our borders,'' Satcher says.
He said the weak market conditions of the early 1990's were providing opportunities for investors to buy buildings in which tenants are holding leases with rents well below current market conditions.
She loved to look at the flowers, and the sound of a rushing fountain brought her comfort during the summertime.
''But even though the language seems pretty clear, there's still room for interpretation,'' Mr. Schechter said.
In the last few years, schools with poor academic achievement have consistently risen through the championship ranks of Mock Trial.
''It's incumbent that in the days and weeks ahead we give the town a sense of clarity.''
But for the time being, I'm still avoiding full-length mirrors.
I didn't want to chase him.''
He said the museum had, for the first time, discussed imposing ''a very small admission fee,'' and if Mr. Saatchi ''could see his way clear'' to donate $:100,000 instead of $100,000, he wrote, ''I believe we can make a firm commitment immediately.''
Even idli, little lentil cakes that are often depressingly doughy, have an unusual lightness.
But the Russian Orthodox Church has rejected any ecumenical discussions with the Vatican.
The accident jolted his touch for poetry.
SILVERSEA CRUISES, 110 East Broward Boulevard, Fort Lauderdale, Fla. 33301; (954) 522-4477 or (800) 774-9996; fax (954) 522-4499.
''I was always good in the sciences and thought that being a doctor would be a good way to help people,'' said Ms. Copeland, who graduated from Mount Vernon High School at 16 and won a basketball scholarship to Queens College of the City University of New York.
A3 Israeli Minister Investigated Foreign Minister Ariel Sharon is being investigated on suspicion of bribery, his lawyer said.
''The rental market has already improved since the vote, because people know that renovations will take place,'' said Kumar Kancherla, president of the South condominium.
The bride, 25, teaches kindergarten at the Arlington Children's Center in Arlington, Mass.
4:09:14 12361 Neyland, L, 52M .
An artists' co-op -- where the water is said to be good only for mixing paints -- operates in an old warehouse a few dozen feet away.
Beloved husband of Marie, loving father of Ellen, Ron and Adrianne.
CHAPMAN-Edward Of Paterson, NJ on June 27, 1999.
There was no tracheal cartilage stored in the United States.
But he also displayed an elegant falsetto and a careful sense of dynamics.
The beginning is to develop something entirely missing from both Israeli and Palestinian realities today: the idea and practice of citizenship, not of ethnic or racial community, as the main vehicle for coexistence.
''They're all a facade, my friend.
The $125 million proposed in the plan, for example, includes $20 million for 2,000 new supervised housing units, money to support services for children and families, and financing for mobile mental health teams.
''The goal now is to play catch up and to meet the new state standards, and not to worry about the past or who's responsible,'' she said.
Many of those arriving here -- some 12,000 in the last 24 hours -- had been ordered away from the border last week and herded back into Kosovo after President Slobodan Milosevic of Yugoslavia had announced a unilateral ''cease-fire.''
It may be no accident that the most compelling period-instrument recording of the Ninth so far, Mr. Bruggen's, is also the least polished.
To chef and restaurateurs at least, these are almost the Academy Awards.
''He's guarding a guy who is a lot taller than him,'' Don Chaney, the Knicks assistant coach, said.
Instead, they made a beeline straight back to the double-height family room, a congenial open space adjacent to the kitchen, where they chatted amiably on Dumbo-size sofas or gathered about its unlit fireplace as if it were a 51-inch television screen.
''You must be doing pretty darn well,'' Mr. Bush said.
''These certainly could be used for self-defense, but they aren't made for that,'' Joseph J. Cartabona, Colt's director of handguns, said yesterday.
The wave of themed slot machines began with the ''Wheel of Fortune'' machine introduced in 1993 by International Game Technology and Anchor Gaming.
ABC wanted its new summer series ''Who Wants to Be a Millionaire'' to bring back the days when game shows were among the biggest hits in all of television.
Unfortunately, the review did not mention that the meat and seafood fondues must be ordered 24 hours in advance, that the chocolate dessert fondue is not available on Saturdays (the day I was there) and that the cheese fondue, which is always available, must be ordered for a minimum of two.
Hal Beale, a retired history professor undaunted by bugs and dirt, wields the garden tools himself.
While he said he could see the animosity between the teams even while watching television, he said he has no hard feelings toward any members of the Heat.
''Some people think I'm just trying to use my father's name,'' she said.
He was released from prison, where had been serving a term for robbery, on June 4, 1998, and is on parole until 2002.
Chancellor Gerhard Schroder could scarcely conceal a triumphant grin as he announced a $2.2 billion bailout of Germany's biggest construction company on Wednesday.
Chris Jennings, the President's health policy coordinator, said: ''The desired outcome is to cover prescription drugs for everybody.
The police said DNA evidence from a string of unsolved killings and rapes had led them to Ronald Macon.
If collecting vintage pieces is your pleasure, many are favorably priced.
But Restaurant News, a trade publication, quoted him as saying that the Macy's location was ''a mistake'' because it was where New Yorkers ''work, rather than where they live.''
Not even a White House that wonders what the meaning of ''is'' is can make that sentence true, since for the rest of the English-speaking world ''the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth'' still means what it always has.
The home run, Ruth's second of the game, broke a 4-4 tie and propelled the Yankees to a 7-5 victory.
They were still in their teens -- it almost didn't count.
The number of employees will be further reduced to 29,800 by March 31.
''All I want to do is get this thing fixed,'' Torre said.
Jenny Thompson and Lenny Krayzelburg, two of America's best hopes for gold in Sydney, each set world records last summer at the Pan Pacific championships in the Australian Olympic pool.
It is only one of several recent viruses designed to prey on an otherwise useful feature of Microsoft Word that enables macro programs -- automated scripts that trigger one or more actions in the host computer -- to be started from within a file.
The museum's legal position is that artistic expression is protected by the First Amendment, it asserted in the Federal lawsuit it filed on Tuesday.
They are being committed by whites and blacks, he said.
3:13:56 1492 Doua, F, 33M .
They don't call every day.
It will become easier to do it.
A lot of teams abandon the game plan.''
And if something happened to me tomorrow -- you can't help it, you realize this -- I would like it to be said that I made a difference.''
He pulled out a package insert and quoted from it: ''As is true of most preparations containing CNS-acting drugs, patients receiving Valium should be cautioned against engaging in hazardous occupations requiring complete mental alertness such as operating machinery or driving a motor vehicle.''
Under a frieze of warriors carrying their dead, Mr. Clinton spoke of the Democratic origins of the Great Society programs for the elderly.
Thaci, according to them, was in charge of the team that detained them and was in charge of the interrogation and personally threatened them.
She'd done the embroidery herself, and I loved the mix of something very personal and something very slick.
The former anti-apartheid guerrilla fighter was facing murder and robbery charges when he escaped from prison late in 1997.
Page 11, majority brief: ''Mr.
During the fourth set, Gimelstob dived for a volley as if it were a loose ball and landed hard on his left wrist.
It's a provocative evening that re-acquaints you with the potent, unprocessed power of Greek drama; you're swept along by the narrative, majestic in its directness and simplicity (1:30).
When he might have gone into a defensive shell, Knoblauch has been present and accountable at the top of Joe Torre's lineup.
said yesterday it had bought Tri-Manufacturing from GE Aircraft Engines for $58 million.
More than a third of the artworks are in public schools, and those evoke learning, history and diversity.
Many of them were in the basement of the Civic Center, running the Promise Keepers Bookstore, where they prayed in circles around the cash registers during lulls in traffic.
They were looking for something that pretty much incorporated the band program and the choral program.
When the Goodspeed, in East Haddam, needed another type of expansion -- a developmental center for musicals in progress -- it built the Norma Terris Theater in Chester, a neighboring town.
Many candidates will be grateful for such organizations in 2001.
* How does the hostess escort you to the table?
time to pinpoint nothing more than the neural headquarters for Guesswork.
Phoenix runs the gamut from urban chic to quiet bungalow neighborhoods.
In any case, her Burtonesque thoroughness serves a larger purpose: a sad and powerful meditation that might be subtitled ''The Melancholy of Anatomy.''
''I haven't dated everything yet.
The celebrity quotient is unavoidable.
A few feet away, Gary Hurley propped up both the bar and his girlfriend.
Using the AT&T systems, At Home intends to become one of the first major data communications companies to connect Internet routers directly to fiber optic lines.
''Qui,'' he said quietly, ''means precious.''
But still we have to go out with the guys we have.
Chicken not good enough for cutlets is pressed into nuggets; scraps not good enough for nuggets are pulverized into pet food.
''He is very remorseful,'' Hart said.
Let us celebrate her life and remember her always.
They trailed for nearly all of the first half but refused to roll over and die and led by 59-58 with 1:35 left in the third quarter.
Martin Marty, a church historian who was one of the panelists (this writer was another), suggested that Christians were both hesitant to appear boastful about the good things in Christianity's past and reluctant to reflect on the bad things.
4:45:41 21547 Caraher, D, 38M .
The authorities vowed to check each of Moscow's 33,000 apartment buildings, especially the storerooms and shops that are often rented out on first floors and in basements.
But most notes are from veterans thanking him for keeping their memory alive, others from people saying they learned something about the war.
It's going to be interesting.''
The woman, Eileen Rodriguez, of 645 Van Nest Avenue in the Parkchester section, called 911 and said her neice, Cristina, was unconscious in her bed, said Jerry Varson, a Police Department spokesman.
Survivors' groups have long pressed the state to include that information in the registry, to no avail.
Mr. Bernoff, who issued a full report on P.V.R.
The bursts of gunfire killed those near the tunnel entrances first, the Korean claimants said.
Having tomato soup on a cold winter's day.
''The other guys who aren't here don't exist this week.
The Greek Cypriot leader did not speak publicly here today.
Sinn Fein agreed to pursue a united Ireland through politics alone.
Mr. Buchanan, who has also been considering a third-party run, said, ''When a man as conservative and principled as Bob Smith walks away from the Republican Party, perhaps the problem is not with Senator Smith but with the Republican establishment.''
True, Mr. Youk and his family had sought Dr. Kevorkian's assistance as a way to end the patient's suffering.
By the time Mr. McCain finished this story recently at Pembroke Academy, the entire gymnasium had fallen to a hush.
They are caught in a double bind that men in the military don't recognize, much less understand.''
In the novel a figure recalling Eurydice or Rati twice gets Ormus to come back to life, but then the original Western story still holds as well.
Although physically feeble and politically damaged, Mr. Yeltsin remains Russia's chief political protagonist as long as the Constitution allows him to unseat the Cabinet and disband Parliament.
''What people really want to get out of the hearing is: 'What did he know?
A nose, she might have said, is a nose is a nose.
Reckson Associates Realty Corp., $300 million due 2004 and 2009.
The company said it would use the proceeds to develop new products and increase marketing.
The companies also have billing and collection services, although they collect only from established corporations.
Or so says a recent study conducted for the World Wildlife Fund by the Climatic Research Unit of the University of East Anglia in England.
The lower Hudson Valley, he added, ''really got hammered.''
Islanders goalie Felix Potvin, playing his second game against his former team since being traded in the Berard deal, stopped 22 shots.
Mr. Arsenault denied the charges of handicap discrimination and said that WWOR-TV is the only television station in the New York area to employ an on-air reporter in a wheelchair, Chris O'Donoghue.
Elizabeth L. Battle, President Peter J. Linden, Secretary
Dinner for one, about $22.
But none of the digital televisions on sale today, or announced for the coming year, are equipped to handle even this.
Johnny Damon had a single, double and triple and three runs batted in as Kansas City stopped a four-game losing streak.
x Can you see anything?
''I beheaded people, starved them to death, burned them and buried them alive, over 200 in all,'' he said.
He mutters ''Humbug'' under his breath as if Christmas were truly beneath his notice.
His wall policy is strict but not unyielding.
He received his rabbinical certification in Germany at 24 and was active in the Zionist youth movement there.
''I don't want to go through anything like this again.''
He also was fined $5,000.
In 1989, Mr. Raymond married Mimi Hunt, who died in 1993.
One of the most primitive presentation technologies, the chalkboard, is still widely used.
4:23:17 16070 Hautier, O, 30M .
He told the judges that the legal maneuver by Steven Banks, a Legal Aid lawyer who is also counsel to the Coalition for the Homeless and who sought the temporary restraining order, ''is one of the most outrageous applications I've ever seen.''
Dec. 24, 9:30 p.m., Lessons and Carols, choral works by Pergolesi, Bach, Vivaldi, Handel; Barbara Wyton Trio.
Information: (718) 232-3555 (Anthony Tommasini).
Mr. McCartney has threatened to walk out if members of Sinn Fein, the political wing of the Irish Republican Army, take up executive positions.
The foundation remains highly unusual in having living benefactors, and relatively young ones at that.
At the same time, Robert W. Pittman, the president of America Online, said the latest deal showed the clear convergence of PC makers and the Internet industry.
EVIDENTLY, the stock market fails to recognize that when the management of such companies spends big amounts on research, it is a bullish signal.
His thesis is both imaginative and well grounded in the appropriate sources.
''There's more on trial here than four police.
''VINNIE'S at a crisis point when he calls Carter from California,'' Mr. Warchus said.
For Mr. Rose, it was a chance to break out of the stuffy hierarchy of a grandiose parlor floor and a layout in which family members are removed from one another's view.
He is expected to begin traveling early next month.
Yesterday, in a statement released by the team, the Giants said Graham had told team doctors he felt abnormal after the victory over the Eagles.
She said the report would be submitted to the International War Crimes Tribunal in The Hague.
In 1947, inspired by his travels around America, Erling Persson opened a clothing store in Sweden with high turnover and low prices: Hennes (Hers).
In hindsight, these volumes read like the winning side of an argument: it seems clearer than ever that the Vietnam War should not have been fought, since it could not have been won.
Of course, he had to compete with other rumors circulating here, most speculating about what Larry Flynt, publisher of Hustler magazine, planned to reveal next week in his continuing expose of the private lives of public Republicans.
If they cheat at golf, they'll cheat at anything.''
At first it was once or twice a week that I would come.
One girl sold her mother's gold ring just so she could get back to Michigan.''
For the oil companies, the chosen route must be profitable.
The two boats, with most of their human cargo, just vanished about 30 miles east of Palm Beach.
When it arrived and we asked if it was the shrimp cocktail, our waiter replied: ''I know, I know.
Those data were based on just three months of experience, and not all states had to file reports.
Scott Wolf from ''Party of Five'' joined the cast recently.
When asked about Russia's attacks on his integrity, Mr. Butler grew combative.
In recent years he had been allowed greater duties, and was known to have attended events that focused on the needs of the poor.
The agency is introducing the new cards in partnership with the state's main welfare agency, the Office of Temporary and Disability Assistance.
''The kids deserve more than a lump of coal five days before Christmas,'' Mr. Bolick added.
In the nonjury criminal trial, Justice John P. Collins said in his written ruling that Officer Meyer's testimony seemed more credible than Mr. Reid's and contributed significantly toward his acquittal decision.
''I can't believe I'm blessed to have a third chance.
Members of this predominantly white shoreline community have come together in a show of support after a black family was the target of racial slurs and the Ku Klux Klan made a recruiting visit to Milford.
It is not merely a figure of speech to say that the Mafia is dying.
Hilde Limondjian, the general manager for concerts and lectures at the Met Museum, welcomes that dedication.
Col. Azaly Assoumani ousted the interim President, Tadjiddine Ben Said Massonde, ending violent protests against a new constitutional deal to give the federation's islands more autonomy from each other.
Entombment Rosehill Cemetery & Masoleum.
The pageant will continue because none of the workers at the Atlantic City Convention Center belong to the union that is on strike.
When she bought an old school (abandoned for a newer model), she enlisted the help of architecture students at the University of Kentucky, who are studying new uses for it.
We ought to get out there and understand that the American people, they want us as presidents for the good or the bad.
11, a few of Schoenberg's Bach chorale arrangements, as well as his Piano Concerto (Mari Kodama is the soloist), his Variations for Orchestra.
''Who knows, we might score nine runs tomorrow.
Quality control did not seem to figure in the scheduling of works, at least not quality as conceived by the average viewer.
Witnesses told the police that the two occupants of the BMW jumped into the Lexus, which then drove away, Mr. Greimel said.
Although several lawyers said privately that the time limit could have been a constraint for the prosecution, others said it was not unusual for a judge to try to move the trial along.
You get to be yourself.
The walkout was the first large strike in at least 20 years by Alabama teachers.
Norman Posner, of Pikesville, Md., won his first contest in 1969.
Indeed, 30 percent of the city speaks Farsi.
COLLEGE ARMY--Named Todd Berry football coach.
Jeanne Wilensky, one of the benefit coordinators who worked with Mr. Campbell, gave a glimpse of the current competition for culinary stars.
First, he marinates the tuna with scallions, tamari sauce, rice vinegar and mirin wine, and adds the textural crunch and peppery flavor of black sesame seeds.
But it is tempting to see the Caucasus, Central Asia and Xinjiang as ripe targets for a nascent religious rebellion.
Show me where the house was.
ANTHONY GEORGE Atlanta, Dec. 7, 1999
's 10 most wanted fugitives.
Planners say the losses are fastest in Monmouth and Ocean Counties and in central Jersey, in the townships north of Princeton.
Her character was absolutely flawless and her loving, tender and sensitive personality was cherished by all who knew her.
Controlling and shaping a corporate image creeps into nearly every corner of a chief executive's day.
In the 13th century, two Scottish chieftains aid a beautiful woman.
''Collectively, our defense was definitely a big factor,'' Mourning said.
In 1995, after management locked out the umpires, Phillips successfully negotiated the current contract, which expires at the end of this year.
The music industry has created a consortium called the Secure Digital Music Initiative to create standards by June 30 for distributing music digitally -- standards that electronics makers can then use for portable digital music devices.
Indeed, the cancer war promises to escalate, experts say.
''Certainly, any time you lose it is frustrating, no matter how you do it.
About 45 minutes after the badly beaten man fled his attackers, amid shots being fired over his head, he was hit by a train at the Sterling Street station, six blocks away.
WOLVES 89, WARRIORS 78 Staring at a possible four-game losing streak, Minnesota rallied from an 8-point fourth-quarter deficit to beat visiting Golden State.
Many of the solutions being touted -- metal detectors, school uniforms, gun control, V-chips, Internet control -- push the lid down tighter and tighter.
-- St. Thomas Aquinas, 13th century ''If the suffocation [of the uterus] comes from a retention of her sperm, the woman should get together with and draw up a marriage contract with some man.
Haley Barbour, a former Republican Party chairman who is one of the heavyweights in the party, said no candidate -- not even Mr. Reagan in 1980, or Richard M. Nixon in 1968, after toiling for years in Republican politics -- had assembled such an early powerhouse of support when he sought the Presidency.
's, it will lure investors with the promise of great profits -- the average I.P.O.
That's the good thing about saying it's a woman-led team.''
The Ulster Unionist president, David Trimble, has responded, ''No guns, no Government.''
There is a chapter on the German landscape designer Prince Hermann von Pckler-Muskau, who attempted to transplant the English garden to Germany; a chapter on Nikolaus Pevsner, the German Jewish art historian who composed the monumental 50-volume catalogue of English architecture, ''The Buildings of England,'' and tried to define ''the Englishness of English Art.''
According to Cushman & Wakefield, the average overall asking rent was $21.79 for the first quarter, against $20.19 for last year's first quarter.
All Primakov ever says to me is ''Show me the money.''
With the help of a private island and a fleet of ships and planes, she did manage to shield her children from the sort of publicity that she had had to endure and that, on the evidence of this tiresome exercise, refuses to stop.
At least that many more, they estimated, have left without bothering to comply with legal formalities.
VANCOUVER CANUCKS--Announced the retirement of D Doug Bodger.
But any substantive compromises he makes are likely to expose him to the same furious response from his right wing that helped bring down Newt Gingrich.
or you're not talking clean.
Gerard Luthi illustrates this poignantly with a photograph of a naked 3-year-old boy holding onto the gnarled leg and wrinkled hand of his grandfather.
For 25 years, Dr. Adams has offered his veterinary services, often free of charge, to the raccoonlike South American mammals and many other exotic creatures.
''GUM has a strong balance sheet, no long-term debt and high liquidity,'' wrote Sector Capital, a Moscow investment bank, in 1996.
When the ball dribbled fair in front of the plate, O'Neill failed to run to first base.
began about two years ago, before criticism was leveled at the organization regarding the Salt Lake City bid.
The median price also jumped, from $203,400 to $235,350, or 15.7 percent.
''If we're just going to put satellites up and look at Earth, that's silly,'' said Representative George Nethercutt, Republican of Washington.
''We have a failed social policy and it has to be re-evaluated,'' said Barry R. McCaffrey, the four-star general who heads the National Drug Control Policy Office.
Service at First Presbyterian Church of Glen Cove, Sunday, 2 PM.
Its defense, led by cornerback Antoine Winfield and linebackers Na'il Diggs and Andy Katzenmoyer, has allowed only 67.4 yards a game rushing, the best in the nation.
GERMANY European Cup finalist Bayern Munich captured its 15th German title and fourth in the decade with a 1-1 tie against Hertha Berlin on Sunday in Munich.
After that, it becomes law without his approval.
''What would I have done in Washington with Jimmy at home?''
The shocking combinations of flavors and textures that he confects day after day transport those who indulge in his pastry to a taste frontier where long-held appreciations find sensual new expression.
We almost need to drive, for a host of reasons that closely resemble compulsions.
As it halts decades of investing in the traditional gear that makes up most of the global phone system, AT&T is retooling its network around a new generation of technologies inspired partly by the Internet.
Stocks End Mixed With the Dow Up Stock prices ended the day mixed.
And new keyboards must be compatible with a huge array of existing software, making the removal of keys difficult.
Antonio Monteiro, Portugal's representative at the United Nations, said in an interview that Portugal had been making such a request, saying that Indonesia had broken the agreement signed in May that allowed the East Timorese to vote on their future.
In District 6(parts of Mamaroneck Village, Harrison and Rye Town and Port Chester and Rye Brook) the incumbent Republican Paul J. Noto is being challenged by Martin L. Rogowsky, a Democrat.
On February 2, 1999, in North Branford, CT. Dr. Wolff, 92, practiced surgery in Forest Hills and at Queens Hospital Center, Booth and Flushing Hospitals.
However, certain mutations in these genes have been identified as occurring with unusual frequency in Ashkenazi Jews, whose ancestors came from Eastern Europe.
A congressional committee investigating the bombing questioned the head of the Buenos Aires police, Pablo Baltasar Garcia, for three hours on Tuesday night after it had been given a copy of the audiotape by one of the officers who had been in the patrol car.
One of the things dermatologists tell blacks is not to put oil in their hair, she said.
One of the first things the police did was to arrest the young African, Isaaka, holding him in handcuffs for eight hours before conceding their mistake.
In March, the total was 3,457.
Where to Eat If possible, plan your walk along the Freedom Trial so that you end up at the Faneuil Hall Marketplace for lunch or dinner.
A few more enthusiastic syllables about the Bushes and he'll be back in the doghouse.
Firefighters warned residents at 310 Greenwich Street to stay in their apartments and keep the doors closed to prevent the spread of smoke after the fire was reported at 9 A.M.
Harbour Inne and Cottage, on the river at 15 Edgemont Street, (860) 572-9253, www.harbourinne-cottage .com, has six rooms plus a cottage with outdoor hot tub, and accepts pets.
There were no special items in the quarter a year earlier.
It also shows the value of being invited to buy stock at the offering price.
Mr. Deiro, who was known as Lee, played the accordion and, though he did not give concerts, had an important influence on the accordion world.
Given the long and distinguished tradition of authors' reimagining earlier writers' works, it's hard to see how Nabokov's estate had a case against Ms. Pera.
William Gallman had 12 points and 10 rebounds to lead South Carolina (7-20, 2-13), which lost for the seventh straight time.
Over the next decade, the Pentagon is planning to spend something approaching half a trillion dollars on new aircraft.
Norway's second-largest company, Norsk Hydro, said it planned to sell assets worth 12.6 billion kroner ($1.6 billion) and reduce its work force by 6 percent, about 2,300 jobs, in an effort to reverse a four-year drop in profit.
Ms. Clayman said Fox had planned to use Anthony LaPaglia as Tony.
The chef, a Hannibal Lecter in kitchen whites, is the play's crowning achievement -- his desire to watch his underlings squirm is positively kinky -- and the actor Mark Setlock plays him with deadly accuracy.
Both sides ratcheted up the rhetoric as well, with Republicans ridiculing the Democrats for fearing their proposed 1 percent across-the-board budget cut, and Democrats calling the Republicans' accounting techniques a Stalinist ''Big Lie'' strategy.
The battle for browser market share, he said, would no longer be won by impressing consumers with features but by cutting better strategic deals for distribution.
The nursing home will initially be open to residents of Redding, but after a decade, it will exclusively be for Meadow Ridge residents who are no longer able to live on their own.
Admission is free, but tickets are required and can be picked up at the theater (Paul Griffiths).
CLIFTON SCHOOL STADIUM Hawthorne Caballeros 35th annual Drum Corps Grand Prix.
On Saturday the Museums at Stony Brook on Route 25A turn the Art Museum over to ''William Sidney Mount: Family and Friends,'' an exhibition that focuses on the human roots of his genre painting and seeks to identify his models.
The biggest dangers to Webb appear to be England's Laura Davies and the defending champion Sherri Steinhauer.
A spokesman for the National Association of Securities Dealers said: ''We're disappointed.
To the Editor: As the director of the Queens Public Library, one of the largest library systems in the country, I was pleased to read your Nov. 15 editorial ''Fair Use of Databases,'' setting out the problems presented by H. R. 354, a bill before the House of Representatives that ''would deter database piracy by imposing new federal civil and criminal penalties.''
''This is the first time I've gotten it,'' he says of that newfound freedom.
Global Industrial Technologies Inc., which makes industrial products for metal producers, is discussing a possible merger with an undisclosed company.
Even those who are promoting the legislation do not know whether there are actually any hunting ranches in New York State small enough to be affected by the bill.
They yelled, ''Drop the gun,'' and she did.
Cause-related marketing -- look for Snackwell's to join the fight against diseases and social problems that particularly afflict women -- is generally an effective way for companies to project a positive image, said David Walsh, president of the National Institute on Media and the Family.
Can there be community and purpose if you encourage things deep in human nature yet supposedly alien to order and togetherness?''
I want to just take my time.
Hold Trade Talks China and the United States held trade talks in Beijing and agreed to higher-level discussions later this year, a new sign of slowly thawing relations.
Or not come up at all.''
Pasta dishes dominate the menu.
That limitation creates a second problem: few employers pay attention to medical report cards, according to a recent survey by KPMG.
5:05:02 25493 Williams, M, 35M .
The Legal Action Center of New York City had filed the complaint last March with the State Division of Human Rights on behalf of Quashawn Donovan, now a fourth grader, who lives in Queensbury, a rural town about 50 miles north of Albany.
During the campaign, Mr. Vitter and Mr. Treen, both conservative veteran politicians, struggled to point out their differences.
The family plan costs $395.
Guess that can be put in the file with other classic not-to-worry lines like ''the check is in the mail'' and ''I never had sexual relations with that woman.''
What Lockhart did not know was that Cox had been planning major lineup changes.
Sega Enterprises, the beleaguered video game company, committed itself today to a radical reorientation of its business aimed at harnessing the power of the Internet.
Jodie Gates and Alexei Borovik, also of the Pennsylvania Ballet, brought a coolly committed physicality to the clinging, spiraling lovers of the piece, set to music by Villa-Lobos.
The newspaper's publisher and Mr. Sharpton both said that they despised the Klan's message, but also that they believed that Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani was wrong to block the rally, which is expected to draw several dozen Klan members and hundreds of Klan opponents.
President George Bush also suffered from atrial fibrillation, which came to light in 1991 when he was rushed to a hospital after feeling heart palpitations while jogging.
Mr. Jordan is a former director of Bankers Trust.
No, he said, he would not respond in kind.
''You deserve a good rest tonight.''
Everybody smells like a strawberry.''
The Noorderwijk case provides a fuller picture of the events surrounding the Coca-Cola Company's handling of an affair that by the company's own admission, has hurt its reputation and has drawn public apologies from the company's chief executive, M. Douglas Ivester.
The towers of commerce sparkle, and some hearty Canadian soul in shirt sleeves proclaims the arrival of spring.
After a lonely spell of five years, Esquire has been nominated for not just one but three National Magazine Awards, in the coveted categories of essays and criticism (for which it has two nominations) and feature writing.
''There is particular concern about megalithic tombs, standing stones and stone circles,'' said Steve Hartgroves, an archeologist at the Cornwall County Council.
But the idea of creating snow for purely personal reasons -- so that one family can have it, while everyone else does not -- has caught on in only the last year or so.
On Friday, the stock closed at 2,585 yen, or $23.7505, 33.9 times his 2000 earnings estimate of 70 cents a share.
At least four people were taken to Mary Immaculate Hospital in Queens.
While John Rosemond and others in the back-to-basics camp can't agree on what labels to attach to themselves -- indeed, it's interesting to note that their politics range from moderate to conservative -- they agree on this: they all see themselves as necessary correctives to a pendulum that has swung too far toward the permissive.
Could there be a women's league by 2001?
''My Darling Mother, Dad and all,'' writes Hugh McGee of Kruger, Miss., a grandson of a Confederate soldier.
He said a creed students listened to -- ''This is what we believe.
With Larry Johnson bound to be healthy for the Knicks' game against the Pacers tomorrow, Camby is under no illusion that he will get much playing time in the positive afterglow of his performance against the Cavaliers.
The CBS Corporation said yesterday that it had earned a better-than-expected $47 million in the third quarter on strong performances by its TV network operations and its radio and outdoor advertising division, Infinity Broadcasting.
Minnesota won just one game on its nine-game homestand.
JOSEPH C. KAPLAN Teaneck, N.J., June 18, 1999
The idea that two high school kids were able to amass an arsenal that included an Intratec fingerprint-resistant, high-volume assault weapon; a Hi-Point 9-millimeter carbine; a sawed-off pump-action shotgun, and a sawed-off double-barreled shotgun should make anyone who opposes gun control ashamed.
There's no way to plug the computer into a pay phone, and calling from a hotel room can mean changing the laptop modem's dialing properties.
Instead, by most accounts, New Line has retained its off-beat character -- in addition to developing Austin Powers, it has released ''Boogie Nights'' and ''American History X'' -- while growing downright comfortable with the resources of its parent company.
Hoechst, which has a varied product line that includes the allergy medicine Allegra, plans to merge with Rhone-Poulenc S.A. of France.
In Darien, a citizens' movement supported by the Board of Selectmen is focused on condemning a site where Avalon plans to build 189 apartments, some affordable, on 32 acres near the railroad station.
Name doesn't ring a bell?
From Greg Norman, a sentimental favorite, to Carlos Franco, who has traveled from an impoverished childhood in Paraguay to the plush fairways of Augusta National Golf Club, winning the Masters would be a dream come true.
And some members of Community Board 1 are angry that the club built the office and classroom without consulting the board about anchoring the barge at the pier.
Left wing GINO ODJICK, who took a bad penalty for the Islanders Tuesday night in Washington, did not dress for Thursday night's game.
AND the response to the re-release of the Beatles' classic ''A Hard Day's Night'' at Sundance was so strong that Miramax postponed the planned April release date so it could tote the fully restored and cleaned-up print from festival to festival.
Newspaper editorials all condemn the Klan, but disagree on the merits of its claim.
To pick the 85 to 90 stocks in the fund's portfolio, Mr. Wilby consults a list of several hundred perennial favorite stocks that he has developed during his 20 years in the business; he also relies on the Oppenheimer global quantitative model, which covers 30,000 stocks worldwide.
The council's immediate goal, however, is to make the building -- with its $180,000 in maintenance costs a year -- self-sustaining by the end of the year, Ms. Langsam said.
Courtney Williams Jr., said regular appearances at the altar indicate either a special response to the sermon or ''a deep need for spiritual counsel or prayer.''
The euro rallied last week, rising three-quarters of a percent, to $1.0905.
Music copied by the Flemish transcriber Petrus Alamire comes to Brabant as part of the tribute to music in the time of Charles V, in whose court Alamire worked.
The ''Old Woman'' by Georges de la Tour, a Monet ''Waterlilies,'' a powerful off-center portrait by Degas, ''The Impresario,'' and some 70 Rodins are in the collection.
''Six was the speed limit,'' Catlin explained.
She characterized the dispute as ''neighbor stuff,'' although she said of Ms. Fiordellisi, ''She doesn't realize that the rest of us live and work here all of the time.''
Each promised to raise $50,000 during the first three months of 1999, and almost all reached their quotas.
Hours and admission: See above (Glueck).
The jade shroud sewn with silk, above, was discovered in a Western Han Dynasty tomb in Guangzhou.
Fuel cells combine hydrogen and oxygen to form electric current and water, with high efficiency and no pollution.
And if Grissom was going to beat him this time, he was going to have to beat him by hitting a fastball.
Charter schools receive $6,500 from the state for each student.
''Timber floats are fine in protected areas, and the most popular replacement is a wooden float,'' he said.
A much more ambitious NASA project, the $270 million Gamma Ray Large Area Space Telescope, could be launched by 2004.
Amerasia was under surveillance by the F.B.I., and agents had repeatedly entered its offices and several apartments, and had taken or photographed documents, including those provided by Mr. Service.
''So we have to tell them that the euro is a virtual currency for the next three years,'' said Chris Levite, a spokeswoman for American Express.
Ametek Inc. said yesterday that it intended to sell its Chemical Products Division and use the proceeds from the sale to reduce debt and support the company's strategic growth plans.
To make any of these cuts, work only with a sharp chisel.
In it we found Franck, 28, and Frederic, 34, getting ready for dinner.
The disclosure came on the fourth day of looking for the wrecked plane and the remains of Mr. Kennedy and his wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, and sister-in-law, Lauren G. Bessette -- a search that has generated many questions here and in Washington about the use of Federal resources in what could be a fruitless effort.
Brady has caught only nine passes in four games.
Rides will be offered on Sundays, weather permitting.
In a large saute pan over medium-high heat melt butter.
''On top of my personal suffering, I was for the first time pained in my own life,'' the King said of the episode.
5:23:40 27885 Welbourn, J, 46M .
Mr. Wright asked over lunch last week at Rascal's, the funky joint next door to the Bradley headquarters, a low-lying suburban office building that looks as if there might be a podiatrist inside.
Venus Williams is here, too, and like her picture-snapping compatriots in front of the Pantheon and the Trevi Fountain, she will have fine memories of her trip when she heads back across the Atlantic.
Then today, just a few hours before the vote, Republican leaders met and the Speaker called for an all-out effort to pass the bill, Republicans said.
One transplant failed, showing that ''even a small nerve can reject,'' Dr. Mackinnon said.
''I remember going there and seeing more Mets fans than Braves fans,'' David Cone said.
Uninitiated readers, however, might have some trouble distinguishing among the Havasupai, the Chemehuevi and the Paiute -- or just figuring out where they are in this involving but unfocused story.
So what about the walls of a building designed by a woman?
In later years soldiers pursued outlaws through the hills, stagecoaches were robbed, gunfights erupted in saloons and a sheriff was gunned down in the street.
Wohlers and his wife were divorced last November.
Nonetheless, it could be helpful for readers to understand immediately that Anthony McCarten's ''Spinners'' is not a take on political carryings-on in Washington.
I've had only one real suit, a putty-colored Claude Montana double-breasted horror my father bought for me on sale at Saks-Jandel in Washington more than 10 years ago.
''This county and this town,'' he said, ''are unique in the sense that there are people of considerable means here and considerable generosity.''
After the intermission, Mr. Neubauer joined Mr. Silverstein and Mr. Sherry for the curiously named Divertimento in E flat (K. 563).
Sorry, one questioner thought it was.
Klezmer follows two very different tangents in the music of Matt Darriau's Paradox Trio, a quartet, and Marty Ehrlich's Dark Woods, a trio.
The pilot fired, the officials said, even though the jet was not being tracked by an antiaircraft battery or missile launcher, as has been the case in the previous skirmishes.
Having grown up in New York, I am an expert at mouth-to-mouth combat, but that's about it.
Home buyers with extra cash can also cut their interest rates by paying additional points.
Local phone companies got a 36 percent confidence rating as potential one-stop providers, while cable television companies scored only 21 percent, and Internet service providers a paltry 17 percent.
He said Mr. Grucci had directed that fund transfers Mr. Malkmes made on his own authority in the past be reviewed henceforth by the town board.
You see the rain come across the bay.
On the floor of his study there sits an authentic ball and chain, a totem of literary servitude.
''Perplexing,'' the manager puts it.
Both Ms. Oates and Mr. Smith were teaching at the University of Windsor in Ontario, Canada, when they started the magazine.
Rather a place is found where both parties remain themselves.
Mr. Chirac's current term runs until the spring of 2002.
Of course Mr. Romano, a family man, does not get his name bounced around in in the entertainment tabloids either.
He called racism the ''defining moral issue of our time'' and pledged to raise the subject as he seeks the Democratic nomination.
Billings were estimated at $22 million.
Windows 2000 is intended to help Microsoft compete against Sun Microsystems and I.B.M.
Often in this situation the team works out of the shotgun and passes.
He created the company's certified professional program, which trained thousands of people to use personal computers.
Free Choices TODAY The pianist Maxim Anikushin, winner of the Vladimir Horowitz Scholarship at Juilliard, plays music of Beethoven, Brahms and Mussorgsky at 2 P.M. in O'Connor Hall on the Patchogue campus of St. Joseph's College (447-3334).
Officials of the Mavericks gave Green an honorary game ball and the joke gift of a cane in a ceremony shortly before the tipoff.
But when she started writing topic headings on the chart with a Kelly green marker for a women's issues forum, it became clear that Theresa was a Girl Scout.
The best of the big-screen HDTV's can display 1,080 horizontal lines and 1,920 vertical lines.
A long capital spending boom has left American manufacturers with lots of spare capacity.
To assume the alternative, that Mr. Litton actually wanted the bombast that came through in the louder movements of both symphonies, would seem less kind.
In this multiply determined world, Picasso is ringmaster, ''the prime mover,'' Mr. Shiff said (38).
The show highlighted points of history, visualized through light, dance and music.
Well, this just shows you that we still have plenty of things that we can still do, he said.
PaceWildenstein Gallery 32 East 57th Street Manhattan Through Oct. 30 Adam Baumgold Fine Art 128 East 72d Street Manhattan Through Dec. 18 Among the 50 or so works in the show at Adam Baumgold's gallery, ''The Dealers'' is a watercolor from 1966 of two women, one seated, the other leaning over the seated woman's shoulder, both of them staring at a drawing of a steepled building and a tree.
Just latch onto a ticket for ''It Ain't Nothin' but the Blues.''
Goalie Martin Brodeur, who see everything unfold in front of him, has also noticed a change.
Send them to ethicist@nytimes.com or The Ethicist, The New York Times Magazine, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
''I always tell people that each time you make a statement about Africa, if I'm in the room, I can get evidence to negate what you're saying,'' he said.
''I knew one man who got a thousand dollars for an acre and he thought he was a millionaire.''
They would more typically cost about $75 each.
But as a symbol, there is no more potent metaphor for Russia's regard of the West than the image last weekend of 200 Russian soldiers seizing a Kosovo airfield, and then lining up armored personnel carriers to keep NATO troops out.
In IMP pairs, in which scores are compared with many other tables using imps, a slam swing can decide the issue.
It is clear that if nothing else, the qigong club acts as a kind of support group for the seriously ill. ''We try to create a joyous atmosphere,'' Mr. Yu said.
European heads of state, meeting here today, failed to agree on plans to reduce their enormous farm subsidies.
''Selected Works by Newark Public School Art Teachers.
By almost any measure, Mr. McAuliffe's generous gesture is an immense benefit to the Clintons, who have not owned their own home since 1983, and who are the least prosperous couple to live in the White House in many years.
Children are invited on stage to learn basic dance steps.
''And now we have one.''
''I expect quite a number of people in China will say they don't like it.
has been a raging success, especially in light of how close they came to letting the Braves destroy them.
''It reflects my attitude toward football,'' he said.
She has not been formally accused of wrongdoing by Government authorities.
The Jets own a lot better defense than Denver.
''Evidently he saw no conflict between his religion and the frankly obscene work he made at the end of his short, six-year career,'' Mr. Skemer said.
For the likes of Brent Stevens and me, karate becomes our way of sweating away tension and cleansing the mind of the week's accumulated frustrations.
Despite yesterday's plea, Mr. Cohen said he planned to appeal Justice Obus's decision limiting her testimony to the jury.
Rose showed up for the introduction of the all-century team on worldwide television tonight, receiving a more raucous welcome than the loud cheers for Henry Aaron, Ted Williams and the rest.
Now the roaring fire was sadly behind us, and we had to advance through a bleak horse paddock.
Curcic's versatility as playmaker and scorer will be more visible once he is surrounded by a player or two the caliber of Matthaus.
I refuse to hang my head.''
In the third quarter, Pharmacia's net income rose 19 percent as it introduced a drug for incontinence and increased sales of its baldness treatment Rogaine.
The cemetery harbors the graves of many prominent Chicago citizens, including a remarkable number of architects, and the tombs and monuments scattered across the hills form a kind of city within a city.
The article also referred imprecisely to the penalty on the United States if it fails to meet a Dec. 31 deadline for payments to the United Nations.
That reasoning, which infuriated most Italians, did not surprise Simonetta Sotjiu.
Further delay will only reinforce suspicions that law enforcement officials have something to hide.
Human rights organizations have reported that Russian artillery attacks and bombing raids have killed and injured many civilians, based on interviews with refugees in neighboring Ingushetia.
''Planting a seed and seeing it grow is more satisfying than just eating the stuff.''
FLINT J. WAINESS Cambridge, Mass., March 3, 1999
I can concentrate on my tennis.
THEY are to the suburbs what pigeons are to the city, only bigger, meaner, hungrier and dirtier.
By early June, the attacks had slowed the eradication effort to a snail's pace, as the troops cutting down the fields were forced to move in large, cumbersome units.
Oil companies from the three countries have billions of dollars invested in Nigeria.
The companies say that the oversupply argument is based on flawed data, that they cooperate with law enforcement, and that to hold them liable would be to shift the blame to them from the criminals who used the guns.
No matter how far we're down, we feel like we can come back.
So much for the likes of Eliot and other modernists whose work he admired.
Mr. Perez, who has told investigators he has a history of mental illness and lived in a men's shelter for the mentally ill in upper Manhattan, remains in police custody and has been charged with attempted murder.
Calling hours will be held at De La Salle Hall, Lincroft Wednesday from 7-9 PM and Thursday after 2 PM.
''Should we allow our image to be ruined or should we say to Unmik to stop?
We're not the most talented team around, but we play harder than anyone.''
His group will also hold ''road shows'' later this year to encourage investment in Mount Keumkang projects.
5:02:07 25005 Luna, J, 41M .
It is named after a childhood friend, Teak Dyer, who was slain in Los Angeles in 1988 on the eve of her high school graduation.
The results, even when perfectly competent, are often dismayingly generic.
Tremendous talent, trying to win his seventh consecutive European money title.
There are gongs, gong-chimes (left), cymbals and metallophones -- fat xylophone-type slabs suspended over resonators.
The best way to respond to the tenants' complaints, Ms. Henriquez said, is to reshape the Housing Authority ''from the top down and the bottom up.''
It just might be that all musicians need all these Muses in different dosages all the time: a dab of unearthliness, a bit of serious study and the occasional fling as well.
The bottom of the car is flat, like a Hot Wheels car, with twin cavities at the rear channeling air that would otherwise get trapped under the car, causing it to lift and become unstable at speed.
last year saved 4,897 dogs and cats, finding 82 so ill or aggressive that they had to be put to death.
''They're going to say Welch and Johnson were off the reservation, but it's going to be hard to say that no one had any idea what was going on and they engaged in a cover-up,'' said Stephen Pace, who heads a group called Utahans for Responsible Public Spending and who has been a longtime critic of the Salt Lake City bid process.
The digs are much nicer than the rooms in Warren Towers, the enormous dormitory Ms. Janczurewicz toured last year.
''The ability to cross-pollinate the two media is remarkable, particularly in sports and financial news.''
Adoring grandfather of David, Daniel and Sara.
Compaq, for the first time, broke down its sales and earnings according to its three major product lines: consumer PC's, commercial PC's, and bigger computers and services.
They can use alternate methods for the first few years because the kids aren't expected to know anything too complex.''
Seton Hall (11-8, 5-5) dropped its third game in a row.
''Tracking stocks merely track the underlying business,'' said Jeffrey R. Sechrest, a principal at Evercore Partners, a merchant banking firm.
In the three-game losing streak, Bledsoe has 8 interceptions and has been sacked 14 times.
''I'm running down the floor on a fast break and I pitch him the ball.
I heard one of the party say: ''Isn't this lovely!
I look forward to the challenge.
Mr. Graves was active in the protests over the Feb. 4 police shooting of Mr. Diallo.
This is one of several reasons cited by some in the administration for being cautious about negotiations with Khartoum.
Mr. Jope said the ''emerging guy phenomenon'' allows Brut to talk to men in ways beyond the typical male hero stereotype because the trend tells Unilever that men and women have loosened up about politically correct roles.
I questioned whether this very rich woman was able to understand people less fortunate than herself.
That is when he will appear on Broadway as Hickey in ''The Iceman Cometh.''
''It is really something amazing that has occurred,'' said Steveanne Auerbach, who calls herself Dr. Toy and reviews toys and children's products from her Internet site, www.drtoy.com.
Rainbow/PUSH surveys companies' hiring practices for minority representation, but the results depend entirely on the pull of a single man, Jackson, with business leaders.
The stoves must be professionally installed by a mason, which adds $1,000 to $3,000.
A 27-ounce jar is $4.99 at Buon Italia in the Chelsea Market, 75 Ninth Avenue (15th Street).
He is a son of Loretta and Robert E. Lee of Midland, Mich. His father retired as the business director for the plastic films division of the Dow Chemical Company in Midland.
Now the baby ''straightens and aligns'' a neighbor girl who is cross-eyed and pigeon-toed, she crawls at five and a half months, she even instructs Elle to clean out cans and plastic bottles for recycling.
Sunday and Monday night at 8; tickets are $40 to $75 (Pareles).
In May, as a member of the Explorers Club, Mr. Fenton completed an 18 day trek and flag expedition into the remote Upper Dolpo region of Nepal near the Tibetan border.
His third collection of hard-nosed short stories features Jones's usual suspects: souls awash in unwanted circumstances and mind-altering drugs.
But it used to be.
As the night wore on, it looked like that was exactly what happened, and people here were grateful that lashing rain and winds of 70 miles an hour were the worst they saw of the storm.
Such things are not spoken of freely within the village, but Reshma, the young man's mother, said she had warned the girl's parents a few times of the shame they all risked.
Fourteen other executives, including the chief financial officer, Earl Defrates, also either sold or filed to sell shares in May.
The players say they are not being drilled in the fundamentals of team defense and that is why they are one of the league's worst defensive teams.
''He was absolutely instrumental,'' said Steve Wolff, executive director of the Advanced Internet Initiatives Division at Cisco Systems in Washington.
In support, he cited comments made recently by President Carlos Menem of Argentina, President Vaclav Havel of the Czech Republic and King Hussein of Jordan, as well as President Nelson Mandela of South Africa.
Not only are the programmed menus tailored to reflect the different interests of children, with security protections, but you will soon be able to customize the i-Opener by getting it in yellow, green or blue, turning it into something more jazzy than the gray or beige of the mom and dad or grandparent models.
The change was -- miraculous.
''A doctor in New York said three weeks.''
To the best of my knowledge -- and you know I try to -- not only do I spend a great deal of time every day on national security measures, I try to prepare for these things.
We're guarding against all the others.''
The system, called Citytime, is just one way that the new network will modernize operations, officials said.
That does not mean, state officials said, that those structures would buckle under a hurricane's wind.
(Review: 11/8/91) Summaries taken from reviews use the star ratings.
It had a couple of paragraphs about his Indiana childhood, how he went to the movies a lot, followed by his senatorial thoughts on style.
A 115-mile-long stretch of Interstate 70 from Wakeeney, Kan., west to the Colorado state line that had been closed by the storm was reopened today but remained snow-packed and dangerous.
Dr. DeVita once directed the National Cancer Institute where he found, ''the policy was to lump all the incidence and mortality data together and show them both going up.
Amresco Capital Trust said yesterday that it had agreed to buy Impac Commercial Holdings Inc. for about $55.5 million in stock.
Mr. Bush declined to disclose details of the purchase of the property, a 1,550-acre ranch near this town of 700 about 90 miles southwest of Dallas.
''THE MAGIC FLUTE,'' Amato Opera.
A year ago, the federal Consumer Product Safety Commission asked manufacturers to remove phthalates voluntarily from both kinds of products.
Mr. Neumann's firing by Secretary of State Alexander M. Haig Jr. -- and the conflicting explanations offered at the time -- proved an early embarrassment for the Reagan Administration and revealed the personality conflicts and discord over foreign policy that led Mr. Haig to resign a year later.
''It is fully consistent with the common objective of promoting market reforms in Russia.''
He had multiple stints with the Flames and the Capitals.
While NATO spokesmen insist that the alliance is not now planning a ground invasion, General Clark indirectly raised the issue during a closed door briefing for NATO delegates on Friday.
My neck hurt for a week after wearing this 15-pound helmet.''
Boil ham hocks in unsalted water until tender, at least 1 1/2 hours.
The meeting comes when national party officials at the highest levels have grown increasingly concerned that none of the seven may be strong enough to defend a seat that Democrats have held for almost 30 years against the Republicans' likely nominee, Gov.
(The TT will have only a manual transmission for its first few months in the United States.)
''We will always come in on Mondays from now on.''
''The Whole Woman'' is a castrated book.
Frank Pinkerton, a retired professor of animal science at Langston University in Langston, Okla., who has studied the industry, estimated that consumers bought about $50 million of goat meat last year, a figure dwarfed even by the $653 million spent on lamb and mutton -- never mind beef, chicken or pork.
It proved a satisfying end to a second search: for a restaurant with traditional regional desserts.
The steep cutbacks also come at time when refining capacity in the United States has become tight and has helped oil companies strengthen their earnings.
Four students and their parents had sued the board, saying the dress code violated the students' civil rights and their right to a free public education under state law.
A. I won't criticize NASA because it's the slave of Congress.
And he singled out the defeat of the test ban treaty as the moment that distinguished those who were responsible from those who were not.
Officials said they were also waiting for autopsies by the Medical Examiner's office.
A resident of Canada and a native of Trinidad and Tobago, Ames missed almost five months of the PGA Tour season while waiting for complications with his visa to be resolved.
He served on the Board of Directors of that organization from 1992 to 1996, and as Treasurer from 1994 to 1996 and chaired the Tennis Committee.
Now that he has taught his fellow Americans what ''la vida loca'' means, Mr. Martin has moved on to greater ambitions.
Most of the information about the assault came from the Russian military or officials, or semi-official Russian news media.
''You could attribute it to profit taking set in motion by very sharp declines in the bond market as there is a growing concern that the economy remains too strong,'' he said.
Deciding where along Turkey's long southern coast to concentrate a cruise is not easy, but the difficulty of the choice is balanced by the fact that almost any place you choose will prove wonderful.
A king-sized appetizer of tender, tiny calamari rings ($5.95) needed a bit more get-up-and-go in its coating and accompanying marinara sauce.
Once captured, the eagle is hooded and placed in a cage with a perch that sways constantly, so it cannot rest or sleep.
Suddenly Michael's here, and he's writing about them.
''I may have a lot to learn, but I'm learning with deep respect for the people and for what gets done in this industry.''
Westbeth Theater Center, 151 Bank Street, West Village, (212) 307-4100.
I knew it would be a lot of work, and I knew some districts that had gotten into chartering had run into trouble, and the last thing we needed was negative headlines.
''We're having a boom,'' Mr. Korn said, ''but the prices here are still half the price of a house in Woodstock.''
Leta Lindley, who led with six holes to go, rimmed out a par putt on 18 that would have forced a playoff.
If the word ''tradizionale'' is not used on menus, you can assume that the vinegar is ''aceto balsamico di Modena,'' which can be used in cooking.
When the elevator door opens to the offices of Nick & Paul, a brand-development agency, there is no receptionist to greet visitors.
With even Goldman, Sachs & Company going public, executives at other private partnerships are often asked when they will follow suit.
The Mets will not come all the way back from the edge of three straight losses.
Then, in 1783, a huge eruption of the Laki volcano wiped out 75 percent of crops, leading to a severe famine that killed about 20 percent of the population.
If the plan succeeds, Mr. Kyprianou will fly the servicemen to Nicosia, where they would be handed over to the American Ambassador.
Admission: $12; $7 for students and the elderly (Glueck).
When Arthur Levine, president of Teachers College at Columbia University, met last year with Michael Milken, the ''fallen junk bond king turned education entrepreneur,'' it was more than a case of the old school meeting the new.
''When a product is investigated,'' she said, ''we separate out the cases involving children under 5 and work on what needs to be done, and then at the next level and so on.''
Therefore, they cannot be teammates when they fight for the Venice Trophy in the world championships in Bermuda in January, so the European strength will be diluted.
The Rangers' top salaries are Theo Fleury at $8.5 million and Brian Leetch at $6.68 million.
Three horse-drawn carriages stand at the curb; the church steps swarm with extras in Edwardian dress.
Here, at her summer home, Duchess Anna Amalia held her ''Court of the Muses'' between 1776 and 1780, drawing writers including Goethe, who performed in his own works.
Service Monday, August 16, 12:30PM, at the ''Riverside,'' 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.
He said there were 3,850 homes and buildings on Fire Island, where the summer population, with day-trippers included, swells to over 50,000.
Libor is using a contract similar to that used in Westchester and brokers began using it two weeks ago, he said.
He was a running whiz at San Diego State and, after being the second player selected in the 1994 draft, played five seasons for the Indianapolis Colts.
''But in a place like this, we're pretty much it.''
Yet Custer's willingness to charge into the maw burned his name into history.
''Today, they don't even know what Anzio was,'' Mr. Gaile said.
In the United States, Dr. Newman has a special interest in face and breast reconstruction after cancer surgery.
Mr. Hyla alludes to, and reconstructs, some of the more grandiose moves in the Liszt, and also seemed to draw on one of the influences he mentioned, the avant-garde jazz pianist Cecil Taylor.
Yet the day before, when asked by reporters whether the march should be allowed, Mr. Giuliani declined to answer, and he made no mention of the permit having been denied.
The lawsuit was filed in October 1997 against the Union of Needletrades, Industrial and Textile Employees, known as Unite, by union workers employed at Mademoiselle Knitwear, which manufactured sweaters under the Claiborne label until Claiborne successfully sued it for trademark infringement in a case decided early last year.
The house sits on five and a half acres, and an identically sized building lot, plus a seven-acre adjacent reserve, are all on the block.
After a strikeout, the pinch-hitter Mike Neill, a longtime minor leaguer, hit a 3-2 pitch for a run-scoring single to right-center field off the former major league pitcher Vicente Palacios.
They will decide to buy an HDTV, but after the price falls even further.
For his part, Mr. Rudin spoke of a level of craftsmanship in period detail, painting and costuming that was available in England.
Such a move would increase Telecom Italia's net worth and raise the price Olivetti would have to pay by several billion dollars.
At the time, Mr. Steinborn needed employment planning himself.
But we absolutely couldn't make it without volunteers.
''This thing didn't have anything to do with conditioning.
Compaq's Internet activities revolved around Alta Vista, a popular search service that it acquired with the Digital Equipment Corporation last year.
In southern Utah, Zion National Park is buying a fleet of buses that run on clean-burning fuels.
The stakes just rise and rise, and the standoff doesn't even lose its innocence.
The images are spare, the memories select.
''What's the dramatic line that unifies all this?''
Instead, Mr. Majorossy got pastries and coffee.
But he went on to claim eight doubles titles at that event, and he became the Open's tournament director from 1971 to 1975 and from 1978 to 1987.
They perpetuated and reflected the idea that America was a new Eden where mankind could make a fresh start.
And Rei Kawakubo of Comme des Garcons cut wintry wraps from elaborate brocades.
But the lawsuits have also created a mini-boom for one unlikely group, historians and research specialists.
Nearly every production there is either written, directed by or starring Robert Johanson, if not all three.
Reginald T. Jackson, head of the Black Ministers Council of New Jersey, said many of the assertions put forth by the Attorney General's office during the appeal were so disconcerting that they persuaded him to ask the United States Justice Department's civil rights division to investigate the issue.
Market indicators, such as futures on eurodollars, or dollars held by banks outside the United States, reflect trader expectations for an increase.
That trade never happened, and the Islanders dealt Palffy to the Los Angeles Kings.
ATLANTA THRASHERS--Signed C Andreas Karlsson.
''This was a story not a lot of people knew about, and it was a compelling story to tell,'' said Stephen L. Zawistowski, the A.S.P.C.A.
YANKEES 4, CUBS 0 SIGNATURE MOMENT The debate will carry into the net century on whether or not Babe Ruth pointed to the spot he eventually homered to in Game 3 at Wrigley Field.
''Sure, the clubs are all going to be more cautious from now on, because they have been given a good scare,'' she said.
Mr. Barnicle did not return telephone calls seeking comment.
There is a challenge for the new crop of N.B.A.
More than 10,000 visiting journalists will be deluged with information about the world's greatest snow, the glowing city in the Wasatch, the spotless facilities.
''I just can't cloister myself in front of the computer or in the shop for very long'' without going ''nuts,'' he said.
But in the case today, an appeal from a narcotics conviction, an ordinance in Urbana, Ill., prohibited leaving trash at the curb, so Joseph R. Redmon, the owner of a town house, placed his can for collection at the top of his 28-foot-long driveway.
A fascinating question, but it is rapidly subsumed and abandoned without meaningful answer beneath the story of Rodger Kamenetz, a writer asked by a friend to accompany the rabbis to India and chronicle their encounter with the Dalai Lama.
Protestant politicians, on the other hand, praise its record at fighting terrorism and celebrate its traditions of loyalty and gallantry represented by the more than 300 of its officers who have been killed in action and the thousands wounded and disabled.
Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani has not provided statistics on the killing of police officers by criminals with superior weapons.
''We should have done this with the Hofbrau,'' said Ivan Mrakovcic, president of the Richmond Hill Historical Society, after a meeting last week with Community Board 9.
Just about every writer represented in these two volumes seemed to have a lively apprehension of the moral complexity of reporting on a war other men had to fight, and very, very few betray any appetite for geopolitical arguments that Vietnam was the linchpin of defense against the global creep of Communism.
Even when standing still, the Knicks managed to bungle plays.
4:27:41 17287 Herbers, L, 40F .
Unanimously and unequivocally, the judge wrote, the jury had indicated that it could objectively hear the evidence and make a decision on an indictment ''free of outside 'influences.'
He was also a founder, director, officer and shareholder of Walter Balfour and Co., Inc. and an original member of the Hollis Hills Jewish Center.
Sister to Ethel Lynch and Andrew Kish.
He once got a job at Dunkin' Donuts, but reported only one day, Mr. Termo said.
I have a lady who collects clowns.
Did Mr. Jordan say to you when he might see the President next?
After breakfast they go to class for five hours, in which they are taught the penal code and standards of justice and human rights.
They like the quiet beauty of the lake, the vermilion explosions at sunset and the serenity of communities where homes and cars are seldom locked.
A12 Victor in Mozambique Declared President Joaquim Chissano was declared the winner in national elections, provoking objections from opposition leaders who said the balloting was rigged.
His friends are hectored by the tax police.
More immediately, it lessened the chances that the Indonesian government would run out of money, something Mr. Kwik and other officials had warned was imminent.
I'm just trying to cover all the bases and cross all the t's and see if we can't gain a length or so'' on Charismatic.
With two games remaining in the Ranger season the question hangs in the air: will he or won't he retire after 20 seasons?
More than 80 percent of the state's homicide arrests occurred in the city and suburbs.
He did not know how the story ended; all he knew was that the uncle had called the immigration service.
At the same time, the Agnellis have increased their investments outside Fiat and Italy, most notably in France.
It is turned to a full-page ad for Nappy clothes, in which he models with Redman, a rap superstar who grew up just blocks away.
Board member John Guendelsberger opposed any delay of the release order, arguing that holding Mr. Kiareldeen further was unjustified since the I.N.S.
We have our hands full.''
Mario M. Cuomo, and with H. Carl McCall, the State Comptroller, but they were cool to the idea.
*In Harrison, Alfred F. Sulla Jr. (10 terms), followed by John A. Passidomo (9 terms).
Authentically Hawaiian Hawaiian dishes prepared by Sam Choy from his new book, ''Sam Choy's Island Flavors'' (Hyperion), will be featured on a special menu on April 12 at Heartbeat in the W hotel, 149 East 49th Street.
She worked in many charitable causes.
Several days after publication, the sign was removed and a new one installed.
So we put him on, and they had a conversation.''
And we've had to juggle some things on special teams just to make sure we can keep linebackers fresh.''
Graveside funeral services will be held Tuesday at 1:30PM in the Trinity Church Cemetery, Broadway at 153rd St., NY, NY.
But Sanders was penalized for throwing an illegal forward pass and the frenzied play was nullified.
''He's got his tattoos and his heavy metal and the fans like that.
''There was nothing but harsh words and recriminations.''
''We are one of the most wasteful states in the nation in terms of land,'' said Dana Beach, director of the nonprofit South Carolina Coastal Conservation League, based in Charleston, which researches and promotes coastal preservation.
But he soon ended all relations with her and other commune members, asserting in his biography that they patronized him as a ''trophy horse'' whose main purpose was to raise money for the group.
-- Name Withheld, Massachusetts Were you employed in any other profession, the word ''recuse'' would be prominent in my response, wielded firmly but gently.
I think it really speaks to where this organization is going.''
The department, under public scrutiny after the brutal attack on Abner Louima, has recently done better at disciplining officers.
That has been true of the black civil rights movement in the 1950's and 60's, the Vietnam War opposition and the feminist movement of the 1960's and 70's, the gay rights movement of the 1970's and the conservative Christian movement of the 1980's and 90's.
A local service for New York and southern Connecticut, www.yourgrocer.com., will deliver perishables (minimum orders, $50).
One difference was that Philip Morris had enough financial flexibility to invest in promoting its products, including Marlboro cigarettes and Maxwell House Coffee, while debt-ridden RJR Nabisco was forced to cut back on promotional spending for Winstons and Oreos.
The law under which they had been arrested was vacated, and they were released.
Computer Associates International Inc., the No.
Louisiana Tech is 700-119 in 25 seasons, and its .855 winning percentage is the best in N.C.A.A.
But they did not approach the library project as a team.
The impetus for the new system came from Commissioner Gary Bettman during an era of declining scoring and complaints from retiring stars such as Mario Lemieux that referees were ignoring or missing obstruction tactics that allow mediocre players to nullify those with superior skills.
That's when Gadsden cashed in on his first touchdown, a 4-yarder.
''It makes one think of your humanity.''
It was a garden-variety judicial admonition, legal experts say, to urge the two sides to see if they could again try to settle their dispute.
A3 Nazi Camp Leader Sentenced A Croatian court sentenced Dinko Sakic, who commanded a concentration camp during World War II, to the maximum 20 years in prison.
He looked no different, although perhaps a little more tired, as he emerged from a twin-engine state plane that flew him into Houston.
As an example of urban civility, it speaks well for Prague.
The three new Microsofts couldn't really be identical.
I learned how to walk and get around so you don't bump into things.
These successes made all the more puzzling bland linguine fra diavolo, with tiny flavorless shrimp and calamari and timid sauce less of hot pepper than of vinegar.
FOOTBALL National Football League JETS--Agreed to terms with P Tom Tupa.
Paul Hobby, Mr. Bullock's chief of staff in the 1991 legislative session, wrote in a tribute last year that after Mr. Bullock announced his retirement, another state official turned and said, ''He's the last of them, isn't he?''
DID you see the six-foot-tall chicken on Court TV?
The trip left from Ventura Harbor, where the visitor center provides a map.
We are winning the war against mines, and at a startling rate, given that this is the first time in history the international community is banning a weapon that is already in widespread use.
''The best of our information is that it never got passed the point of caressing,'' he said.
To shore up the nation's shrinking protection against oil emergencies, the Clinton Administration will announce on Thursday that it plans to add oil to the Strategic Petroleum Reserve for the first time since 1994.
We want it to look crazy.''
5:18:08 27283 Niles, B, 34M .
However, the team will play one more year in the stadium, and the extended rain delay meant that only several hundred fans were still around to actually watch the game.
Constitution is to the United States Navy, the Coronet is to yachting,'' said John Mecray, a marine artist who helped start a campaign to restore Coronet to its 19th-century eminence.
To the Editor: Re ''Needed: Minority Clerks at the Court'' (editorial, March 18): There is no job requirement that a Supreme Court justice or any Federal judge have any experience in the judiciary, even as a law clerk.
Entrance fees for lifecare communities in the New York metropolitan area, for example, can range from $170,000 to $500,000, with monthly service fees that range from $1,900 to $4,300.
Martin and I sat on his stone terrace one afternoon, eating olives and sipping raki, the homemade Albanian version of grappa, as his half-naked children scrambled about in the warm sunshine.
On the track, Antley's face was ghostly, and tears streamed down his face moments after the race.
''Don't they all run into some challenging difficulty sooner or later?
The bridge is normally congested with heavy trucks and other commercial traffic in both directions on weekday mornings, since the closest alterative for crossing the East River, the Brooklyn Bridge, is off limits to commercial vehicles.
Thinking the little girl might fall, I said to her, ''Careful, honey, that you don't get hurt.''
''The Administration's blacklisting regulation is not only bad public policy, it's probably illegal,'' said Thomas J. Donohue, the Chamber's president.
Devices aside, the best scenes in ''Damascus'' come in glimpses of Hazel and Spencer from birth to that first bedding.
Quiet residential streets and small local stores abound near the site of the planned mall, Atlantic Center Plaza, which would sit atop a Long Island Rail Road terminal and the Atlantic Avenue subway station.
Compared with the roughly 4.5 percent Saks pays for its rent and the 2.8 percent at Neiman Marcus, that is a hefty fixed cost for a company that relies on a strong stock market and booming economy to keep its affluent clients coming through the doors.
Debra W. Haffner, president of the Sexuality Information and Education Council, a nonprofit group, says the answer is no.
Buckingham: I love her attitude.
The house is about a mile from the landing beacon that pilots follow to approach the Westchester County Airport in bad weather.
Kathleen Weisman, 43, has her workouts scheduled for every Monday, Wednesday and Friday, without fail.
''Time of Your Life,'' whose premiere is sceduled for Oct. 25, stars Jennifer Love Hewitt, who was 16 when she began playing Sarah Merrin, the girlfriend of Bailey Salinger (Scott Wolf), on ''Party of Five'' in 1994.
The standard benefits will include hospital services, X-ray and laboratory services, maternity care and prescription drugs.
''We didn't have any money, as always, so the whole set was made from egg containers.''
4, approved a $15 billion share swap creating what will be Italy's largest banking group, with assets of roughly $290 billion.
A decade later, Chang was not up to the task of getting past Yevgeny Kafelnikov, currently No.
''People in Serbia are undergoing a mass denial of the barbarity of the ethnic cleansing in Kosovo,'' Ms. Biserko said.
Also honored was Mr. Chaikin, who is afflicted with aphasia, the result of a stroke he had during open heart surgery in 1984.
A museum dedicated to Hispanic culture, with fine and decorative arts of the Iberian peninsula, from prehistory to the present.
Services Sunday 1PM at Temple Emanu-El, 5th Avenue and 65th, NYC.
But the rusty tracks of the narrow-gauge steam engine that once linked Le Chambon to Le Puy still wind through nearby woods.
The Syrian Government is clearly curious about what Mr. Barak intends.
Rights issues are also likely to figure in the talks next week.
The paintings, on permanent view at the New-York Historical Society, form an allegorical fever chart of civilization.
John Hourihan, 5 Johnson Street, Monmouth Beach, N.J. 07750.
My child-care provider was a Southern California dairy farmer.
Both President Boris N. Yeltsin and Aleksy II, the Patriarch of the Russian Orthodox Church, are expected.
Drug companies mobilized a small army of lobbyists against those proposals.
Last season, in collaboration with Sacred Heart University in Fairfield (where the first series took place), Mr. Jones, James Naughton, John Glover, John Tillinger, Len Cariou, Simon Jones and Mr. Burke himself were among the players.
But the Austrian Foreign Ministry said the Iraqi, Izzat Ibrahim, deputy chairman of Iraq's ruling Revolutionary Command Council, enjoys immunity from arrest.
If you read his grand jury testimony, you see he addressed a number of issues that he addressed in the Jones deposition.
Of the 28 newspaper editorials written to date about our label, 22 are in favor of the educational objective, 4 are opposed and 2 are mixed.
The concert was largely as Mr. Shaw planned it.
Mr. McKeithen was Governor from 1964 to 1972.
To her daughter Therese, son Guy, and her entire family we extend our heartfelt condolences.
Crash investigators said it was too early to determine if the weather was a primary cause of the crash, but they made it clear that landing conditions had been severe, with winds gusting to 88 miles an hour after the impact.
The Board of Governors and membership of Edgewood Country Club record with deep sorrow the death of Mr. Donald Scheps, an esteemed member and extend to his beloved wife, Millie and family its deepest sympathy.
CHICAGO CUBS--Signed RHP Bobby Ayala to a contract for the remainder of the season.
The pub was the first in Portland to sell American microbrews like Sierra Nevada Pale Ale and Anchor Steam Beer on tap.
Yet Don Shula, the N.F.L.
In his pro career, Lucas has had only one real chance at the job.
The victory ended a two-game losing streak against a team that leaves town with a five-game losing streak.
Craig Regelbrugge, a senior director at the American Nursery and Landscape Association, would like to see voluntary compliance, if only out of the sheer impossibility of regulating plants in a global economy, where orders fly across the Internet and gardeners are constantly crossing borders (with seeds and cuttings in their bags).
The Greenbaum-Fritzell collaboration, which earned a Peabody Award, four Emmy nominations and three Writers Guild Comedy Awards, lasted until Mr. Fritzell's death in 1979.
States that do not comply risk Federal intervention, but in the end the dirty work -- measuring pollution, identifying the culprits and forcing changes -- will be left to the states.
''I'm just really shocked,'' said the daughter, 20, a student who said she had practiced Falun Gong for many years.
Like others in treatment, he attends about two sessions of group therapy a week, led by a licensed counselor.
''After all,'' he said, ''class in America has always been wealth.
Although he considers Mr. Boundoukin ''a great kid,'' he did not view him as marriage material for his daughter, who is now 20 and is majoring in sociology at the University of Pennsylvania.
Of his successful teams, Coach Menna said: ''We do not talk about winning.
However, if you will need to leave the car, pets are best left home.
Pyongyang should be given reasonable time to reply to the Clinton proposal, but would be most unwise to reject it.
So many more, but for this group, this was their own thing, their own destiny, a chance to shine and reach for something that few in this crew had ever experienced.
On the other hand, Kanotiye can sometimes appear just as raw as its American counterparts, as in a skit that skewers people who suddenly rediscover their Jewish roots when they want refugee status in the United States.
Prime Minister Tony Blair played down hopes of breaking the stalemate over scrapping guerrilla arms, which has stymied the year-old peace agreement.
''The wind in this stadium is ridiculous,'' Arizona punter Scott Player said.
The two nominations for ''Affliction'' are for Mr. Nolte, as best actor, and James Coburn, as supporting actor.
I think your closing comment was that no one ever asked you to lie, but yet in that very conversation of Dec. 17, 1997, when the President told you that you were on the witness list, he also suggested that you could sign an affidavit and use misleading cover stories.
And the production that bears his name has a zero-at-the-bone quality, even as you marvel at the contortions of the talented and industrious corps of dancers.
These are matters of justice, the justice that each of you has taken a solemn oath to serve in this trial.
Sister of Ruth and the late Helen and Seymour.
In the locker room, we know he is the man.
Her mother is a computer consultant.
Some newer incubators are likely to go public soon.
''The international community wants to see the process move quickly and we need the participation of all parties,'' Mr. Hill told reporters after the 90-minute meeting in Dragobilje, 28 miles southwest of Pristina.
With its sleek silver back and glowing red underbelly and taillight, the Microsoft Intellimouse Explorer, which will become available in September, is the most visually striking computer mouse yet.
He reluctantly conceded that he was smuggled into South Florida in October with six others, for $8,000 each.
At Planned Parenthood, often pummeled for its advocacy of family planning and abortion rights, more than 99.5 percent of contributors are willing to be named, said Peter Wilderotter, the vice president for development.
He has had weight problems the last few years.
THE announcement last month that Thomas L. McMahon was resigning as director of the City Council Finance Division did not exactly qualify as press-stopping news.
The figures exclude one-time gains from asset sales, which lifted net income to 400 million euros ($441 million) from 79 million euros.
Mr. Murphy, who plays two roles in the movie (both brilliantly), embodies the same double vision.
A two-year note, on the other hand, slipped 2/32, to 99 22/32.
''I the fugitive from the courtly love of the Middle Ages'' -- what can one say?
That coincided with a slump in the global semiconductor market, which hammered Alphatec's core packaging business.
''Our situations are not the same.
Chancellor Gerhard Schroder today announced establishment of a fund, projected to amount to $1.7 billion financed by 12 German companies, to compensate victims of the Nazis and end what he called ''the campaign being led against German industry and our country.''
Their itemized deductions total $18,799 (Line 28).
The new Connecticut Network, which has been on the air since March 10, is led by Paul Giguere, the network's project manager.
At the Sportsmen's Center, a public shooting range, the noise of rifle shots is deafening.
The museum uses a variety of marketing techniques: advertising on cable television; the Art Partners program with eight public school districts, in which children are given free passes to come back with their families; reciprocal memberships with other museums, and corporate memberships.
Mr. Rivard, he said, ''is a leading candidate.''
But you knew there was an object out there that was too massive to be anything else.
The green-gray sky in Gauguin's ''Snow at the Pont d'Iena, Snowy Weather'' has a scary, leaden feel like a dark lid descending.
Bird, who probably believes he has seen everything a basketball game can offer, certainly thought he had seen it all from Larry Johnson.
Mr. Berendt, a magazine writer who first visited Savannah when he chanced on a cheap air fare, joined a previous cabaret tour reading passages from the book, but this time he's not in the show.
We have not seen Giants quarterbacks in recent Pro Bowl games.
For the system at this point to go outside the city, it's an indictment against our school system for not having ability to develop its own leaders within our system.''
The United States and other fishery nations have also faced difficulties, partly because of overfishing, and after quadrupling between 1950 and 1988, the world's ocean fisheries production has leveled off.
JAZZ 92, SUNS 91 At Salt Lake City, Karl Malone scored 28 points and Bryon Russell added 14 as Utah overcame another triple-double by Jason Kidd.
To the Editor: In ''Good News From Russia (Yes, It's True)'' (Op-Ed, Dec. 23), Martin Malia praises Russia's fledgling steps toward reform and democracy.
In Skopje, Macedonia, near the southeastern border of Kosovo, thousands of Serbian sympathizers marched to the American Embassy, throwing rocks and burning cars to protest the NATO raids and support Mr. Milosevic.
''Of course we want to keep it going if it's a success,'' Mr. Philbin said.
They need to put the U.S. behind a new peace plan that is consistent with our own moral and strategic interests, and which a decent Serb leader -- and maybe even the war criminal Slobodan Milosevic -- will be tempted to accept.
Mr. Nash's slim doctoral dissertation, written in 1949 when he was a 21-year-old graduate student, revolutionized the way economists thought about competition, but on the day that the prize was announced, Mr. Nash told reporters that he might now be able to get a credit card.
Mr. Alexander has an aggressive organization in Iowa and has put significant resources into the event.
In a statement today, Hutchison's managing director, Canning Fok, said he supported Mannesmann's decision to reject Vodafone's offer.
''If there are results, then I will have a real chance to at least speak about it.
How many times did you hear people saying there was just no excitement?''
So now it would be necessary not only for Ms. Lewinsky's memory to be refreshed about the hour of the pickup, but to explain how the arrangements for it could have been made between Ms. Lewinsky and Ms. Currie in somewhere between 1 and 60 seconds.
I wish I was brave enough to take the chance.''
Among their duties during the six-hour outing are attaching two 5-foot cranes to the exterior of the station, hanging out bags of tools for future space walkers, installing a glare-reducing shroud over a docking target and covering an exposed pin.
The Cubans introduced Mac-10 drivebys; Junior responded with a truck bomb that leveled Diego Ortiz's mansion on Key Biscayne, killing Ortiz, his wife and children, five servants, and eight bodyguards.''
Pierre Jeanniot, director of the International Air Transport Association, warned that unless European governments tackled the crisis, ''any prospects of growth in European air transport will be strangled at birth.''
But we have extensive models built for these kinds of things.''
My God, the gun is right outside my door!
''John McCain is a good friend of mine.
The issues involved in the suit offer a glimpse into a murky arena in which some authors gave up their rights, sometimes wittingly, sometimes not, to studios and production companies.
''It is the only dream we can have.
Dora, a daughter-in-law, says it looks as if they put the old apartment in the washer and it shrank.
''The cage is only three years old,'' he said.
Mr. Gold's best-known work was the score of the 1960 movie, ''Exodus,'' for which he won an Academy Award and two Grammys.
''We had to change the leash law culture,'' Mr. Tusk said.
Visitors take a simulated helicopter flight over Potsdamer Platz.
''At the moment our revenues decrease, we're up a creek here.''
is setting up operations around the world, and taking stakes in companies that provide services related to the Internet and telecommunications.
Mr. Stephanopoulos on Mr. Morris at the same dinner: He was a small sausage of a man encased in a green suit with wide lapels, a wide floral tie, and a wide-collared shirt.
Those who grow their own pansy plants from seed are most likely well-acquainted with the hybrids called the Majestic Giants.
In person, it is easy to see why she is popular.
But like many works in this genre there is something fundamentally troubling about the positing of black and brown people as those who are perpetually ''discovered'' to be ''just like'' everyone else.
But produce markets are now starting to carry items like fresh morels, although at inflated first-of-the-season prices, and tender, mild spring garlic, which has not been dried.
''The question is whether someone like this should remain locked up.''
Open Mondays through Saturdays, 9 A.M. to 5 P.M.; Sundays 12 to 5 P.M.
The Internet provider, however, should have informed subscribers before it took this action and will do so in the future.
I put on a cropped chenille top that showed some stomach (''You've got a good midriff,'' Mr. Khan insisted) and he had me climb into a pair of Dolce & Gabbana four-inch spike heels.
Refco Inc., a futures brokerage firm, will pay $8 million to settle allegations of record-keeping violations involving a California financial adviser.
Los Angeles County, whose population is 9.2 million compared with New York City's 7.4 million, has a vector-control program with a $6 million budget and about 100 employees.
Mrs. Clinton said the Federal money would be given to vulnerable clinics for extra security measures, including lighting, motion detectors, closed-circuit cameras and bullet-resistant windows.
Peel, core and halve pears.
Services Wednesday 11:30 AM at ''The Riverside'', 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.
Then the maintenance man told investigators that he had cleaned up red droplets, possibly blood, near the building's basement boiler room, the official said.
The plea agreement will avert a trial that was scheduled to begin in August.
A Bioethical View: When It's Right to Kill an Infant This sample of the thinking of Peter Singer, the bioethicist, is an excerpt from ''Practical Ethics'' (Cambridge University Press, 1993), a book he will be assigning for his course at Princeton.
And there they were, a whole grove, their bright green paddle-like six-foot leaves swaying in the 100-degree breeze as if they'd spent the last few million years evolving on sandy Long Island.
He became the first black student government president at the college and met his wife (now a doctor) there.
At one point in 1944, he said, he knew the fighting was particularly rough when this order arrived: ''Don't examine the recruits' eyes -- just count them.''
The West Village was active in opposing big city developments, he said, adding, ''We celebrated the defeat of projects, we were always having ribbon-tying ceremonies.''
But a few critics said Vodafone might have paid too much for Airtouch to end up walking away with only a minority share in the United States business.
Oh well, so much for Indian food.
The biggest impact of the restriction would be on American aircraft manufacturers and suppliers.
This film is not rated.
The U.N., vastly distasteful of Israel, will make sure it becomes official.
The wounded from Chechnya overwhelm the tiny Sunzhenskaya Hospital, set behind a low wall and some juniper trees a few miles from the border.
Lillian Rade and her husband, Ron King, were scouring an East Hampton potato field near their home nine years ago when Ms. Rade found a rare 340-year-old New England sixpence.
Silverbulletday ran the mile and one-eighth in 1:474/5 , breaking the record for the race set by Imaginary Lady in 1989 and nearly matching the track record set by Private Terms in another race the same year.
And you don't even have to sit up straight.
The Popular Fish Market opened at 6 A.M. as usual because workers had to unload two truckloads of seafood and prepare orders scheduled for delivery on Thursday and Friday.
Both Expedia and Yahoo Travel are well designed.
's youngest free agent, was expected to sign a multiyear pact with the Blazers yesterday.
He was one of the only scientific backers of the ban in a sea of hostile witnesses.
Vice President Al Gore said today that his chief of staff, Ron Klain, was resigning to become a partner in the Washington office of O'Melveny & Myers, a law firm based in Los Angeles.
''There is a general feeling among the people that this Parliament has been responsible for the gridlock as opposed to seeing to the well-being of the country,'' the Foreign Minister, Fritz Longchamp, said.
Now that thousands have returned to their villages, Indians are making increasing demands on the Government for such services so they can watch television and their children can do their school homework at night.
Concerts in Benaroya Hall and elsewhere, including appearances by Nadja Salerno-Sonnenberg, Florence Quivar and Victor Borge.
From the outset, the G.I.A.
''The explanation Khodorkovsky gives for all of this is that there's no money,'' he said.
''It's amazing how many people jumped ship,'' he said.
But, Mr. Lazio said, they are discouraged from working because under current Federal rules, ''people with disabilities must get poor and stay poor if they're going to retain their health benefits.''
While the new restaurant is not drop-dead gorgeous like some East End spots, it is nonetheless a charmer.
The pall of black smoke mirrored the mood of winemakers, who watched grimly as their lifeworks went up in flames.
In fact, said Ron Barrier, the atheists' spokesman, the organization chose Cranford for the same reasons hundreds of other office-based concerns have moved to the area -- it was pretty and clean, close to New York but without New York prices.
Although Mr. Oswin also tried to flee, he stopped when Mr. Desprez leveled the gun at him.
Against the Heat, Sprewell will be asked to be more patient and defend with more courage against a bulkier Jamal Mashburn in the post.
Leopold was also a prime mover in a more accurate, scientifically based effort at the university arboretum in Madison to restore examples of Wisconsin's original ecosystems.
Baby Fine pureed vegetables, fruits and cereal are served in four-ounce canning jars.
Both were created in the 1990's to get children involved in sports -- many for the first time in their lives -- with all expenses paid for by private donations.
He was a pious, synagogue-oriented, and extremely kind humanitarian.
Revenues were well above estimates as well, and Sun executives predicted more strong growth for this quarter.
''So we had to put it in the microwave, because it was cold,'' he added.
She says she will know immediately when she finds him because of the fine shape of his jaw.
Death, the spirit world and reincarnation.
He told the secretary of war that his limited experience as a captain in the New York National Guard did not qualify him for regimental command yet.
''The care manager always reinforces my feeling that I'm doing all I can, I can't do more,'' said Jack Veerman, 68, an importer who lives in Manhattan and visits his 91-year-old mother in Miami once a month -- unless there is a crisis, in which case he makes the trip every weekend.
The links to city services are plentiful, but some, like the one for the airport, lead to dead ends.
Next up in the exchange program is Ali Mohammed Boujain of the United Arab Emirates.
Genset S.A. of Paris has signed up two partners for what is called pharmacogenomics -- the enterprise of applying genetic data to existing drugs to screen out people more likely to have side effects.
As a third-down back, he was an elusive runner and receiver.
The symphony is one of six in Fairfield County competing for entertainment dollars.
But he was too kind to Jimmy Johnson on the Flutie Flakes incident, saying that ''it is psychological moves like this one that make him a master motivator.''
''Not profitable,'' a spokesman explained tersely.
Backed by 9 of the county's 10 Republican town leaders, Mr. DeMartini became both successor and predecessor to John Powell, the former leader, who resigned last month under the cloud of a Federal indictment on charges of involvement in a stolen truck ring and of taking bribes for illegal dumping at the Brookhaven town landfill.
If they fail to do so, she said, she would decide whether to force Morgan Stanley to turn over the subpoenaed material, people briefed on the proceedings said.
There were several people whose fortunes I considered fair proxies for my own, and whom I tagged for further observation, like wolves released in a wildlife experiment.
Dave Checketts, chief executive of Madison Square Garden, said: ''This guy is probably the most recognized man in the world.
WHEN Gus Johnson calls a Knicks game on the radio, he visualizes his audio audience: fans in their cars, tired truckers, eager to get home, needing a boost for two and a half or three hours.
Half a vacation, however, is better than none.
Reveling in the symbolism, the Pope drove up to the Orthodox Cathedral here in his glass-encased white jeep with Patriarch Teoctist of the Romanian Orthodox Church at his side, both of them in white vestments and smiling broadly.
Spinach salad ($8), for example, is superb, the tender, barely warm leaves wrapped into a little mound and anointed with a shallot mustard vinaigrette and cubes of smoked bacon.
In their cramped domain, known as the Writers' Room, the air was blue with cigar smoke and invective and the decor was early fraternity house: dogeared sofa, discarded paper cups crunching underfoot, half-eaten sandwiches abandoned beneath piles of typescript, acoustical-tile ceiling stuck with pencils hurled there in moments of frustration, and widening pools of spilled coffee.
Last night, the remaining residents described the experience as traumatic and complained that Buildings officials had not begun removing people until after dark, after news photographers had left.
Ms. Hollander's second prediction is that men will eventually abandon the neo-bombast look, too.
The more people who write, the better chance another genius will come along.''
''I have one thought about Rugova, Krasniqi, Thaci and Qosja,'' he said, reciting the last names of four prominent Kosovo Albanian leaders representing competing streams of political thought.
Everyone told me my game was good enough.
But in view of the egregious nature of Bear Stearns' conduct and substantial losses suffered by A. R. Baron customers, we are fully prepared to litigate the estate's claims, if necessary.''
Craig R. Whitney (NYT) FRANCE: PARIS TRANSPORT STRIKE Paris Metro and bus drivers went on strike to protest an attack on a subway worker who died after being in a coma for almost 24 hours.
It was the biggest quarterly jump in nearly two years.
Yield: 5 to 6 cups spatzle.
''I say a novena at home for them twice a day.
Excluding special items, profit jumped 42 percent, to $711 million, or 54 cents a diluted share.
Stein Rogan's 1998 revenue was $12 million and its revenue for the first six months of 1999 was $11 million, according to estimates by IQ Interactive News, a weekly supplement to the trade publications Adweek, Brandweek and Mediaweek.
Healtheon was started in 1995 by Mr. Clark and David Schell, a Harvard-educated doctor who was also a partner at the venture capital firm of Kleiner Perkins.
''The only way to do it is to ask people what they would be willing to pay, and in my view you ask people questions like that and you get very upwardly biased results,'' said Jerry Hausman, an economics professor at M.I.T.
Two exhibits at the Hirshhorn, of works by Kiki Smith and by Carlos Alfonzo, had official counts of more than 200,000 visitors.
Phillips said that it was too early to determine how a departure by Franco would affect the plans for the bullpen or even the rotation.
archivist Vasily Mitrokhin, whose newly published revelations have resounded through Europe, suggest that as many as 261 Italian journalists, diplomats and politicians sold secrets to the Soviet Union.
Mr. Cohn is also known to have an antipathy to Los Angeles that rivals Mr. Allen's.
At the New York Hall of Science, 47-01 111th Street, Flushing Meadows-Corona Park, Queens, through April 25.
Mr. Gorski, in an interview today in his office looking out over Lake Erie and Canada, said he found political endorsements ''repulsive'' and the ''height of arrogance'' because ''you have somebody from out of town telling people in the community who to vote for, knowing full well he knows very little or nothing about the community in question.''
But it does list scores of specialists who might be willing to perform the procedure once an agreement is reached.
To the Editor: George Armstrong, in his letter of Nov. 25 on the use of forks, makes the assumption that everyone in the Unites States picks up the fork in the left hand and transfers it to the right for eating.
It has only been three games, two of them in the preseason, but lately the Giants have been manhandled by the Jacksonville Jaguars.
''I just won my second round; I'm not having an easy road here,'' Graf said.
Carolyn Wall, the publisher of Newsweek magazine, said that Teen Newsweek -- which will arrive in schools and to subscribers in September -- is a way to ''build a media habit among young readers. ''
The Bulldogs have done everything else to earn a spot in one of the bowl games.
''You sit in front of the computer and pull your hair out and drink four cups of coffee and wander around the house in your pajamas and bang your head against the wall.
As Jim Duquette, the assistant general manager in charge of minor league operations, put it this afternoon, ''It's been a combination of bad luck and bad drafts.''
Mayor Frank J. Gilly said that about a third of the structures had been inspected and that two needed to be demolished.
At his grave, the mourners fondly recall the front stoop he built -- ''He was a happy man with a bag of cement'' -- as they lament his pursuit of ''the wrong dreams.''
The unit, Shinko Kobelco Tool, makes drills and cutting tools used in the auto, industrial machinery and electronics industries.
''If we can drive free, I can do my job.''
At stake was not just the Republican agenda but also the credibility of Mr. Hastert as Speaker.
The White House ought to make clear that its actions in Geneva come in response to Beijing's crackdown on dissent, which began after President Clinton visited China last summer.
Incredibly, the legislation now awaiting Gov.
However staunch or fickle his admirers, the city is full of them, and the Dalai Lama's days of strolling the city's streets unattended are long over, banished by the Nobel Peace Prize, the Beastie Boys, Richard Gere and a host of magazine covers.
The police asked anyone with information on the cases to call detectives at (718) 520-9777.
Adored grandmother of Wyatt, Oliver, Brooke and Alexander.
Billings were estimated at $5 million.
IT'S odd that Ann Marlowe's publishers managed to get a jacket blurb from Jerry Stahl, the former television writer whose lurid memoir, ''Permanent Midnight'' (1995), is exactly the kind of dope-fiend true confession Marlowe didn't write.
''I'm not the only guy who's rescinded, but I don't want to be the poster boy, so to speak.
He was 66 years old.
He added that Mr. Rugova's trip to Italy was proof that he had not been detained in Kosovo against his will.
''What distinguishes the folk societies -- from the performers down to the people who serve the coffee at the coffee houses -- is that everybody is participating as a volunteer, because they love what they're doing.
There are smaller varieties like New England sugars and Baby Pams, less than five pounds and perfect for kitchen use.
At New Year's, you can take the bubbly stuff straight, but this time of year a cool cocktail seems a better approach.
Now, says he has little interest in worrying about his contract status and the money he could earn with a good showing, or concerning himself with potential suitors.
A separate side order of rice and beans ($2.50), plus a batida ($2.50), or tropical milkshake, would constitute the most filling of $5 meals.
''I think it's just getting started.
If you still love music, and freshness and honesty, you don't have that many places to go.''
''Vep,'' actually, skewers just the kind of production that ''The Turn of the Screw'' represents.
asked Walter F. Mondale, memorably needling Gary Hart during the Democratic primary campaign in 1984.
The young people who had stopped by after visiting MTV were among them.
A14 Russian officials reacted angrily to Western condemnation, warning that threats to impose sanctions or interrupt aid were unacceptable.
The incident started when a gas station attendant in West Orange reported the license plate of a car whose driver had left without paying for gas, said Lieut.
These interns draw a salary while getting technical training in a trade or craft and helping classroom teachers.
Yet after a year of almost nonstop travel to what he calls the world's ''places of death and bloodshed,'' and months spent begging, cajoling and even embarrassing government and rebel leaders, his efforts have led the United Nations to begin to establish a critical legal and moral framework for giving children special status and their protection new priority.
OVERALL GUN CONTROL BILL: Against 2 - Jim Turner 1.
Cast changes played a role in the show's decline.
''I found out he was a fireman and he did everything right.''
Free with admission: $6; children and the elderly, $3; under 1 and members, free.
A dagger (+) indicates that some stores received bulk orders.
Dr. Steven H. Strauss of Colorado State University at Fort Collins, who is familiar with Dr. Christe's work, said in an interview that even the most experienced chemists regard the synthesis of an allotrope with five nitrogen atoms as astonishing.
TRUMP-Fred C. Edwin K. Zarkin and his partners and employees of Realty Program Consultants, LLC express their sorrow at the loss of Fred C. Trump who passed away on June 24, 1999.
It's not like he's Mr. Thespian, but you have to be ready.
Like a visiting celebrity, Foreign Minister Ismail Cem drew a crowd of a couple of hundred people before the local police station this week when he stopped in this cow town in central Anatolia to appeal for votes.
We could've turned off his lights, we could've refinanced his house, and we could've gone out and purchased a Mercedes Benz'' using easily obtainable banking information and a few well-placed fake references.
Dr. Theodore G. Andreadis, the chief medical entomologist at the Connecticut Agricultural Experimental Station, in New Haven, called the two confirmations ''a very significant finding,'' but sought to allay public fear.
What Mr. Blumenfeld has done is effect change.
Service -- Well-trained and cordial.
in loving memory of our beloved son who is always remembered and forever loved.
But he spent much time in this tiny principality, which offers the very rich a income-tax-free haven.
Also at midnight, the law governing about 4,000 loft units, nearly all of them in Manhattan, will expire, and those lofts will effectively become illegal dwellings, theoretically exposing their residents to eviction.
Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers are here, but he is deemed 5th among men while she is 14th among women, right between Grace Kelly and Mae West.
The insurance companies also proposed a new Government subsidy, in the form of vouchers, for uninsured people between 100 percent and 200 percent of the poverty level.
The ad appears in September issues of Seventeen, Teen People, Interview and Mademoiselle magazines.
We have a 12-tone scale.''
''There's a high level of interest from corporate executives, like the people at the Gap who gave $25 million for them to open charters in California,'' he said.
Even though you can collect scores of these animals, you can carry only six at a time.
Even at my own expense.''
Also, Minnesota played without the injured guards Anthony Peeler and Malik Sealy, leaving them with only three healthy guards.
Now a member of the Palestinian central council, he was a Jordanian Cabinet minister when the Palestine Liberation Organization rose against King Hussein in 1970.
But Ron Petro, the Rhode Island athletic director, is looking into filing an appeal with the National Collegiate Athletic Association to have Odom reinstated.
Rabbi David Posner performed the ceremony at the Union League Club in New York.
With a scintillating 29-8 run in the second half that may have saved their season, the host Sixers handed the Raptors their fifth straight loss, a 96-78 defeat.
They are loyal Robert Durkin fans.
When he got back downstairs, he said, his uncle was gone.
His age, his experience in professional baseball -- he played six seasons in the Toronto Blue Jays' farm system -- and the fact that he is 20-1 as Florida State's starter over the past two years should be enough evidence.
Economists also question the central premise that compacts will help small farms avoid being bought out by larger ones.
Mass of Christian Burial at St. Thomas More Church, 65 East 89th Street, February 24th at 11 A.M. Interment Calverton National Cemetery.
Things do not figure to improve in Barrasso's absence.
The charges were part of a huge collection of S.E.C.
''It hasn't been easy,'' he said, ''and this is one of the great rivalries in football.
To some degree, Ms. Whalen, a resident of Monroe in Orange County, could be a poster child for Roman Catholic education.
As the bill made its way to the floor, Republicans and Democrats staged dueling news conferences, each party trying to steer the outrage over the Columbine shootings into the direction it wanted.
in fully restoring the reputation of the I.O.C.
Father Sava also noted: ''Now we can see that many Albanians would like to stop the violence against Serbs, but they cannot, they are intimidated, they are scared, as many Serbs felt before.''
''DaimlerChrysler basically outperformed our expectation because of Chrysler,'' said David M. Garrity, an analyst at Dresdner Kleinwort Benson.
Germany might not have declared war on the United States after Pearl Harbor, leaving the country to fight the ''wrong war.''
Joe Trippi, a Democratic consultant, left Mr. Clinton out of it, but otherwise agreed.
In lieu of flowers, make donations to the Kidney Foundation.
Mr. Greene then asked Mr. White to pick up his trombone and play.
Memorial contributions may be sent to Garfield County Child Advocacy Center, POB 5204, Enid, Okla 73702.
But then Rogers yielded an infield hit to Pat Meares and a single by Aramis Ramirez that scored the Pirates' first run.
This whole cast of characters, including John Martin, Kevin Izod (''Saint Kevin'') O'Doherty and, a generation later, the writer John Boyle O'Reilly, were eventually arrested for their writings or activities in Ireland, tried and convicted and transported to Australia.
Mr. Husaj was standing at the back to one side with several fellow political prisoners when suddenly the guards opened fire.
But friends in West Texas described Cibolo Creek Ranch as a place where the luxury didn't intrude on the experience of living in rugged isolation.
Last year he reached 13.2 percent -- just above the current standard for international oil companies -- even as oil prices and revenues dropped.
Other recent public opinion polls have produced a wide range of results for a Clinton-Giuliani contest, indicating that voters have not thought much yet about the race or its potential candidates.
He follows their political engagements in Ireland (most important, perhaps, the failed armed uprising in Ballingarry, in July 1848), their trials, their exile in Australia, their escapes or pardons, their travels to America and their relations with one another.
Larry Schwartz, chief adviser to County Executive Andrew J. Spano, declined to endorse Mr. Brodsky's proposal or any specific proposal, saying, ''The County Executive has tried to act as a mediator in trying to bring all the players and parties together to try to reach consensus on reval.
Like Haines & Haines, most larger farms began harvesting last week; the majority of growers will begin harvesting next week and continue through November.
Although a department spokeswoman declined to discuss specifics of the tests, guides have said it contains general questions about city landmarks and the best way to reach them.
For Petrarch and Cezanne, of course, size was never the issue.
With solid proposals from the President and Mr. Breaux, there is no excuse for failing to enact Medicare reforms this year.
''But what upsets me more than anything is that these kids have lost the innocence of their youth.
What Mr. Nwankwo and fellow members of the Ibo ethnic group here exploited was anger that one of their own, Alex Ekwueme, a former Vice President, had been rejected by the leading People's Democratic Party.
There was another time I got crazy phone calls.
Two had slid down from the platform and the third had been rescued by firefighters.
Yet a villain of the piece is a purse-mouthed Elizabethan censor and busybody who seems to combine equal parts of Kenneth Starr, Linda Tripp and all the Sunday TV sermonizers.
''Movies are either more global in their appeal, or they're more focused and targeted to specific audiences,'' said Casey Silver, a producer and a former chairman at Universal Studios, who gave the go-ahead to ''The Mummy'' and acquired ''Notting Hill.''
ALGONQUIN HOTEL, 59 West 44th Street, Manhattan, (212) 840-6800.
Much research in this field is being done with the motor cortex, in the frontal lobe of the brain, where the transformation into limb coordinates for signaling the muscles appears to occur.
Surprisingly, West must refuse to ruff, instead discarding a low spade.
But this proved no obstacle.
To keep his prices competitive, he starts with a white coffin made of lower-end, 20-gauge steel.
Hours after he resigned last week, DiCicco endorsed his assistants, Lauren Gregg and Jay Hoffman, as possible successors, but officials at the United States Soccer Federation said the front-runner might be Clive Charles.
Stocks rose in London for the ninth day in 10 on Friday.
''Russians felt that we ended the cold war and started to behave nicely by dissolving the Warsaw Pact, withdrawing troops, cutting arms,'' he said.
Set aside for 30 minutes.
He will make four appearances, and if he comes through those without a setback, he will probably join the club during its West Coast road trip that begins Thursday in Seattle.
Her consumption is down now to something between 5 and 35 percent of any meal.
Word that a blizzard was on the way swept the Midwest three days ago, and shoppers jammed stores to buy food, shovels, firewood.
The agency, which was founded in 1951, serves 550 families with special needs.
Sheriff Jablonsky refused to allow the change, however, suggesting that too many working people would visit inmates only on weekends, causing overcrowding problems.
But so far the authorities have provided few details to explain the stomach turning and the digging, an information vacuum that has been quickly filled by mystery and myth.
In an off-Broadway production of ''Cats'' last night, the Wildcats of Arizona defeated the Wildcats of Kentucky, 63-51, in the championship game of the Preseason National Invitation Tournament at Madison Square Garden.
Like many performers, Mr. Ford is reluctant to talk about his life outside of work.
What can be said is that she represents a rare departure from this artist's cool, courtly approach to the human subject.
One work, a line of 12 video monitors showing visitors eating in the Auschwitz Museum Cafeteria, reminds us of the starvation that prevailed in the camps.
Lanky, middle American in appearance, a bit of Henry Fonda or Jimmy Stewart in his earnestness, Martin has none of the Las Vegas glitz of his opponent.
WHAT Sydney has lacked has been a formal, celebratory space with first-class cooking.
''The biggest advantage that I have in this job is that I don't really want it.''
Yet the overall shape and organic sense of this episode was vividly clear.
''It's shame that strong academic programs are often held in a lesser light, but that does happen,'' Mr. Feudo said.
ROBIN FINN CONDO DE GODO OPEN Mantilla Ruins Moya's Shot at No.
Although there seems to be a consensus on the need for an international force in Kosovo, there is no agreement, Mr. Annan said, on ''the composition, nature and strength of the force'' and on the extent of the Serbian withdrawal from Kosovo.
On draft night, however, Boykins's name was never called.
And, today, committee members planned to arrive seven hours before the 4 P.M. start of the Penguin Ball to arrange auction items and last-minute details.
Braciola Steaks Stuffed With Cheese And Prosciutto 8 pieces thinly sliced braciola steak (about 1 1/2 pounds) Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper 4 pieces thinly sliced fontina or other mild white cheese (about 4 ounces) 4 slices thinly sliced prosciutto 16 basil leaves, thinly sliced 2 large eggs, lightly beaten 3/4 cup flour 1 cup dried bread crumbs 1 teaspoon dried thyme Pinch cayenne pepper Vegetable oil for frying.
The bride had been its managing director.
Mr. Milosevic and his news media are already emphasizing that, under any agreement they expect to be reached, Kosovo would remain within Serbia.
Last year, the company sold 21,995 cars, 6,677 of which were imports.
On the program will be Wagner's Overture to ''The Flying Dutchman,'' Beethoven's ''Eroica'' Symphony and, with Horacio Gutierrez as guest soloist, Prokofiev's Second Piano Concerto.
Col. Hildegardo Bacilio Gomez, leader of the dissident soldiers, said the charges reflected an abuse of authority by defense officials.
According to Media Industry Newsletter, the number of ad pages sold from January through August this year is flat compared with sales in the corresponding period last year.
''I'm not trying to prove anything to anybody.
New York is a series of small towns, and the magazine world is about the size of a neighborhood block party, so it is virtually impossible to fire any editor from a magazine without someone -- other than the editor in question -- hearing about it first.
The 18,200 tickets that sell for Rangers games 41 times a year are seemingly meaningless, so it stands to reason that Smith's job is not endangered.
Its premise was simplicity itself: a man and two robots, marooned in space, are forced to watch what the show's theme song accurately calls ''cheesy movies,'' and they maintain their sanity by lobbing a relentless barrage of wisecracks at the low-budget exploitation fare.
The Treasury's schedule of financing this week offers today's regular weekly auction of new three- and six-month bills, as well as a 52-week bill and a two-year note that will be auctioned tomorrow and Wednesday.
Memorial Services will be held at St. Luke's Church in East Hampton at a date and time to be announced.
Saturday's splendid performances showed that it is also exciting music to play and to hear.
But for all their heft, they are also emotionally hollow and unoriginal, hanging the trappings of other artists' innovations on an academic skeleton (Smith).
Dr. Steven Stosny, a psychologist, tells aggressive drivers how anger makes their pupils dilate, distorting depth perception so that they misjudge distances; how greater blood flow pumps energy into all their muscles, forcing the pedal to the metal; how the magnified focus on the negative impairs their judgment, and how the adrenaline rush produces subsequent fatigue.
He promoted pure high culture at a moment when it needed to be set apart from polkas and operatic potpourris if a canon was to form.
''After two other deals fell through, we got it.''
General Instrument had $2 billion in revenue last year.
Microsoft argues that it is not a monopoly because of the fiercely competitive and fast-changing environment in computers.
And the leader of a conservative legal group said today that his organization would urge House Republicans to hold firm against sampling, even if it leads to a budget impasse and shutdown of the Federal Government, similar to 1995.
Senator Jesse Helms, the North Carolina Republican who is chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, has blocked the treaty from moving in his panel, in part because of a fight with the Administration over two other treaties that he wants to kill before dealing with the test ban pact.
Mary Lou Furnas, a surgical technician from Orange, Calif., whose husband, David, put together the team of four American surgeons, said: ''We're doing more than repairing scars.
When Prohibition was repealed, in 1933, the Federal Government turned the regulation of alcoholic beverages over to the states.
Nearly 2.5 million people walked through its doors last year alone, many of them driving over the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge to see what all the fuss was about.
A natural athlete, he was a prominent cricket player in high school.
''What really triggered me to change my practice is that I have a real love of art, and cosmetic dentistry connects art and dentistry.''
The bridegroom's mother teaches gifted students in the Herricks School District in New Hyde Park.
But after responding to several recent instances of violence and overcrowding, the police have asked Mr. Miller to increase security at the Cheetah Club at 12 West 21st Street.
Before he arrived, the agency wasted $4 billion on computer systems that proved to be unworkable.
We extend our heartfelt condolences to his wife Selma, children Alan and Roberta, and to all who were touched through his rabbinate.
Even as American and Egyptian investigators struggled to sort out the cause, lawyers in the United States who specialize in aviation disasters said that they were planning lawsuits against EgyptAir.
''With the Rover 75, that's what we're doing.''
President Clinton told the Energy Department and the Pentagon today to review the safety of civilian nuclear-fuel processing.
The tenor Carl Tanner, Don Jose, is a husky young man with a voice to match.
With a new Congress set to be sworn in this week, several influential Senators said today that President Clinton should postpone his State of the Union Message if the Senate was still grappling with an impeachment trial when he is scheduled to appear before a joint session of Congress on Jan. 19.
''I would expect fairly rapid resolution'' that would pave the way for China to join the trade organization by the time it holds a ministerial meeting in Seattle in November.
The jet engine maker Pratt & Whitney, a unit of the United Technologies Corporation, said yesterday that it had won a contract worth about $3 billion from UPS Airlines.
The hope is that the center will elevate the status of Columbus as a destination city, at least within the Midwest, if not nationally.
''If there's a liquid market in dollars and a liquid market in euros, there's a risk of Japan becoming a sort of second-string market,'' Mr. Gittler said.
After the war, Dr. Porter completed his studies at Yale and entered the Berkeley Divinity School, also in New Haven.
Since so many can ''belong'' and make a difference, students have no reason to resort to anti-social activities in order to be noticed or have friends.
''But I'm not saying it will be a smile on our faces.''
If they keep up that pace, sales would top $34 billion.
But the airline could not stem its losses, and some unions continued to question its safety and maintenance procedures.
Like other such guards in the animal kingdom, these endearingly vulnerable meerkat sentinels have long impressed biologists as true altruists -- creatures willing to forgo food and brave danger to protect others.
''Looking for Richard,'' which won the Independent Spirit Award in 1996 for best documentary, is one of the smartest and funniest movies ever made about art, audiences and the creative process.
The commission's basic challenge was to set rules by which customers could switch their local service from Bell Atlantic to, say, AT&T purely by having AT&T's computers talk to Bell Atlantic's.
Mr. Nacchio had been interviewed, he said, but instead of a news article, the magazine published an editorial criticizing his bids, calling him ''a telecom bureaucrat dressed up in Internet clothes.''
And so, during yesterday morning's rush, only 7,000 of the anticipated 35,000 commuters traipsed north through the gleaming new underground walkways toward their jobs and elsewhere farther uptown.
Rogers will have an annual salary of $5.25 million, and he will receive his signing bonus in three payments of $2.25 million in 2002, 2003 and 2004.
The case presents Mr. Morgenthau, who has declined to pursue the death penalty since New York reinstated capital punishment in 1995, with a decision that could prove politically thorny.
WB: Midnight to 8 a.m., and noon to 6 p.m. tomorrow, ''To the Moon, Alice,'' 14 hours of episodes from the original 39 installments of ''The Honeymooners.''
From their reaction, at that point, I could sense the pebbles turn into boulders.
SLAP SHOTS Islanders defenseman JAMIE HEWARD left the game in the third period with a concussion.
In 1993, his first full season as a professional, he won the world and United States pro championships and a stage of the Tour de France.
Otherwise, Jones shut down the Rangers' potent lineup.
But the funeral directors said the new regulation was an assault on their dignity.
That would be a serious abuse of power, but the possibility is not one the nation will casually dismiss.
But he did say that once the first building is leased his company will move forward with a second building, 70 Hudson Street, which will be similar in size to the first one and could also be built on speculation.
But the name Javed Iqbal is gouging at this nation's soul.
On a beautiful, sunlit afternoon in an intersection filled with parents and kids, nobody appealed to anyone for restraint.
Her declaration asserts that she was denied stock options that were promised her when she was hired.
Dearest companion of George Court.
To the Editor: Re ''Teachers' Pay: Adding Up the Impact of Raising Salaries'' (Week in Review, Aug. 8): In the business world, most professionals can expect, at various points in their careers, to receive salaries, annual raises and even bonuses that reflect the quantity and quality of their work.
HURRICANES 1, CANUCKS 1 Sami Kapanen's team-leading 10th goal of the season helped host Carolina tie Vancouver.
Services Monday, September 27, 9:30AM at Temple Emanu-El, 5th Ave at 65 St.
''And I tell you, it's driving me crazy.''
But Brandy, the pop singer who won a Grammy last month and stars as Moesha, has kept her show steadily climbing.
During Wimbledon, that number swells to 25.
Public-sector debt has ballooned, with the Finance Ministry predicting it will stand at 108.5 percent of the gross domestic product this year.
Mr. Felsman said his firm was still studying the matter, but said he and his clients did not want to change the sign at the expense of the building's historical value or upset the community.
Christina Rivers of Hyannis was to dress the hair of the bridal party before attending the wedding as a guest.
''The Congressional Hispanic caucus has been slower to respond,'' said Dennis DeLeon, president of the Latino Commission on AIDS.
The group's choice of best actor was Nick Nolte, who won resoundingly on a first ballot for his performance as a New Hampshire man struggling with relentless, escalating pressures in the wintry drama ''Affliction.''
In Bosnia he smuggled an entire water purification system into Sarajevo, assembled it in a cave and restored water supplies to the besieged population.
Loving sister of Jean Harris and Larry Lupear.
''We need to get Allan going,'' Chris Childs said after the Knicks' deflating 95-89 loss to the Wizards in overtime Wednesday.
Mr. Bale was born with a mixed blessing, at least for actors: striking good looks.
Reading the article made me feel surprisingly and refreshingly normal, and helped me diagnose my own condition as mild sleep paralysis (mild, because I never feel that I am suffocating or imagine any demons or aliens around me).
The other nominees for best actress were Meryl Streep, for ''One True Thing,'' Gwyneth Paltrow for ''Shakespeare in Love,'' Cate Blanchett for ''Elizabeth'' and Fernanda Montenegro for ''Central Station.''
''By leasing it to Carematrix, it will get the rehabilitation it needs, and we don't lose control of it.
Intended to celebrate the creator's sensations at the moment of creation, these surging upward sequences sound as much physical as spiritual, especially as the shuddering, exhausted, almost postcoital treble figures fall away from peaks of activity.
Yet the predicted inflation is nowhere to be found.
While Mr. Bonafede said he thought Olivetti's offer of 11.5 euros in cash, stock and bonds for each Telecom Italia common share was reasonable, other investors opposed to the savings-share conversion plan said they wanted Mr. Bernabe to find a foreign partner that would outbid Olivetti.
No wonder Marcelo Rios didn't bother mussing up his inky ponytail during his straight set Round of 16 loss to an astonished but grateful Nicolas Escude, the same skeletal French qualifier he dismantled with such sleight of hand in their straight-set semifinal at the 1998 Australian Open semifinal.
Cable and Wireless HKT recently signed a deal with Star TV, an Asian satellite television company controlled by the News Corporation, to provide high-speed Internet access and television programs throughout the region.
''And in meetings now I call him '20.'
''The Republicans have put special interests before our children's interests,'' the First Lady declared at the United Federation of Teachers headquarters in Manhattan, where the news conference was held, on the same day that Republicans were sending the bill to the White House for an expected veto by President Clinton.
Beyond the convoluted internal politics of the Reform Party, Mr. Trump's emergence suggests the extent to which celebrity and money are transforming politics these days.
IT'S too bad that Charles S. Cohen has to go to work.
Home to an internationally ambitious ballet company?
Late Friday night, her eyes would blink reflexively when blown on.
That was trimmed to 5.5 percent in December because of the financial crises in the Asia-Pacific region and Latin America, coupled with global stock market swoons.
It has been said so many times, it hardly bears repeating, were it not for the willful, partisan attempts to mischaracterize a vote against removal as a vote to condone what the President has done.
The problem, which began about five years ago, has gotten so bad that some communities have had to find new ways to recruit.
Film frames were frozen as he zeroed in (using a dry-erase marker) to pinpoint problems.
Emila said she knew nothing.
The company is highly profitable and is ''always considered one of the class acts in the business,'' Ms. Lisanti said, adding that it weathered the recent downturn better than most of its competitors did.
His book about the street urchins of war-ravaged Italy, ''The Children of the Sun,'' drew sympathy and support from around the world.
He saw himself as the last survivor of the Bengal Renaissance, the vital and creative cultural movement that was initiated by Ram Mohan Roy in the 19th century and that ended with the death in 1941 of Rabindranath Tagore, Asia's first Nobelist in literature.
The Suffolk police declined to provide further details today on the cause of the fire, which was raging when the first volunteer firefighters from nearby Huntington Manor arrived at 3:44 A.M., six minutes after the county police recorded the first 911 call.
Like every other Nets player and fan, Van Horn knows that freakish injuries played a large part in ruining the club's initially promising 1998-1999 season.
Because in this computer era of enormous databases, one could run one's machine all night for a complete analysis.
Since the ice is already floating in the water, no rise in sea level has accompanied its melting, as happens when land-based glaciers shrink.
Belgrade's residents quickly learned from a television news bulletin that two cruise missiles had devastated the Yugoslav and Serbian Interior Ministry buildings in the heart of the city's heavily populated center.
Then he landed in New York and played on three World Series winners in four years with the Yankees.
Mr. Martin holds an enology degree from Montpellier, France's great viticultural school, and did an apprenticeship in the Vacqueyras appellation in the Rhone.
Demand for the service waned after the two cities were joined by overland rails not long afterward.
''Anybody can sing, but God gives you the quality of your voice,'' he said.
And several months later, the lawsuit says, Chief Devlin relieved Lieutenant Thompson of his command.
And I can't imagine that.''
Their opponents will be MAHESH BHUPATHI and LEANDER PAES of India, the world's top-ranked team ... Two Florida youths, LeVar Harper-Griffith of Sarasota and Simone Amorico of Boca Raton, advanced to the quarterfinals of the juniors, the first time since Wimbledon of 1994 that two American boys reached the singles quarterfinals of the same Grand Slam event.
And the Cadillac, Buick, Pontiac, Saturn and Chevrolet divisions of the General Motors Corporation are all developing models that will combine car and light truck features, although G.M.
After the Lewenz family fled Germany in the late 1930's, Ella chronicled her life in New York, including the bright balloons in the Thanksgiving Day parade.
More than the replacing of a single South Bronx sidewalk, this had to be his prime motivation in jilting one suitor for the other.
To watch them, to ride them and to breed them gave him satisfaction.
''But the Fed has time before there is any real improvement and Fed officials will wait until they get much stronger signals before they consider tightening.''
Quoting the Hindu god Shiva, he said, ''Now I am become death, destroyer of worlds.''
I think they took it literally, and tried their best to do just that.''
He declares that ''love is a terrible thing that you would not wish on your neighbor.''
If it's $200 million or so in public money for a sports project, I say keep your money.
The melodrama of his plots and dramatic showdowns, the hyperbole of his prose, his reaching toward the sublime sentiment and the audacious metaphor: these have denied Balzac status as an achieved ''classic.''
Try his crab cake with kafir lime, and you'll think Baltimore and Bangkok at the same time, or shu mai dumplings stuffed with foie gras and shiitakes in caramelized onion broth, or miso-marinated sea bass, with a slug of wasabi oil.
They can and perhaps will debate until next year's Oscars about the dramatic license ''The Insider'' takes with what happened at ''60 Minutes'' four years ago, but it won't matter.
Instead of complaining that they are nauseous or can't eat, they are showing people their zipper incision.
Both houses in Virginia's Legislature are up for re-election this November and the trash issue has moved front and center.
''Have the Orioles won a World Series?''
New York State Electric serves 820,000 electric customers and 240,000 natural gas customers in upstate New York and employs 4,000.
Mr. Maini said there were 600 such barter groups, compared with 410 in 1986.
He's not consulting the people of the community.''
She is a daughter of Pamela and Harold Nonken of River Hills, Wis.
The group is seeking tougher regulations and better labeling.
She has quietly tipped off her customers to unbuttoned blouses and unzipped flies, and still remembers the time a man bought her a $40 box of candy, grateful that she had saved him from embarrassment when he was on his way to an important business meeting.
He had an older brother.
*''LIFE AND THE ARTS IN THE BAROQUE PALACES OF ROME: AMBIENTE BAROCCO,''Bard Graduate Center for Studies in the Decorative Arts, 18 West 86th Street, (212)501-3023 (through June 13).
Victims scored the highest on measures of loneliness and were most likely to say they were ostracized by other children.
With lower housing costs in the Reno area, Mr. Hawk said, most of his workers can afford to buy homes, something they could not do in Silicon Valley.
Six months after withdrawing its first proposal for a retail and movie complex, the developer has set aside plans for both a 450-unit apartment complex and a 120,000-square-foot retail complex.
IT has taken 30 years for soy to lose its hippie image.
4:03:06 10830 Rey, M, 34M .
He said the official in charge had said: ''What race are you?
The play takes its title from a 1768 painting, and like the tableau that work depicts, the work is a portrait of the uncertainty in an increasingly sophisticated technological age.
Rabbi Arthur Schneier Michael Scharf, President Jerry Forst, Vice President Jack Rosen, Vice President
He is survived by his wife, Monica; three children from an earlier marriage, John of Honolulu, Mary Conley Downe of Manhattan and Anna of Los Angeles, and three grandchildren.
His backups, Joel Salvi and Alvydas Tenys, combined for 3 points and 2 rebounds.
What excites you most about returning to the Greenwich school system?
Our deep sympathy goes to Elizabeth and the family.
''When I get off the plane on Saturday, I'll go right into work, because I have a shift on Saturday night,'' she said.
But in the months before the attack at 5:45 P.M. on April 28, and even in the five hours leading up to that moment, signs of deterioration in the mental state of Julio Perez, 43, the homeless, schizophrenic man accused in the incident, went unrecognized, unheeded or untreated.
Ann Landers may not be able to give gay marriage her full support (''It flies in the face of cultural and traditional family life as we have known it for centuries,'' she has written).
After a weeklong investigation, officials of the Garden City, N.Y., school determined that players from both teams violated school and league rules on alcohol consumption and sex during a three-game trip in Florida Jan. 8-12.
Elmo, that adorable Muppet, may come from the noncommercial confines of ''Sesame Street,'' but he is no stranger to the marketplace.
The cost of moving voices from one end of the country to the other is very small, so the biggest other costs are billing, customer service and marketing.
Shooting ended more than two years ago.
A fan of Dr. Catacosinos, Mr. Tirello still credits Mr. Catell for moves like buying back $600 million in stock.
For the most part, however, these programs can be expected to continue their balancing act of human-interest features and consumer and health reports.
Two truckloads of gold, gems and watches had been seized by French troops after the Hungarian official commanding the train abandoned it and tried to escape, but most of the remaining 24 railroad cars were apparently intact when they began to be unloaded in July.
''The disease they are being treated for is womanhood.''
Here he plays some Bach again but turns for the most part to French fare, with music of Rameau, Jean-Henri d'Anglebert, Couperin and Jacques Duphly.
He soon made powerful friends -- and enemies -- in the media as he championed Mr. Clinton's agenda on the talk show circuit.
During more than a year of talks with community leaders to help fulfill Mayor Dannel Malloy's wish to provide the public with about a five-block greenbelt from Broad Street to I-95, Dreyfus bought three acres of land bordering the Mill River and across Richmond Hill Avenue, outside its building site.
* Three thousand more Kosovars crossed into Macedonia with reports that Yugoslav forces had ordered a train and two buses carrying ethnic Albanians back into Kosovo just after they arrived within easy walking distance of Macedonia.
The restaurant's international wine list seems to have improved since my last visit, especially in whites, with good selections under $30.
''I think he finally realized there was no case.
''Some don't work because they're sick.
On June 23, 1999, at Coney Island in Brooklyn, NY.
Credit Suisse expressed surprise at the raid, saying that it has been cooperating with the police since September.
The only black person to serve on the Council was Curtis Fisher, a Republican appointed by the party leadership in 1993 and elected the same year.
MANY participants as well as several Lifers interviewed mentioned lifting the fog of drugs and alcohol as vitally important.
Personal development class offers guidance with problems of adjustment, decision making, drug abuse prevention, proper nutrition and sexual responsibility.
As logical as it might be to buy more parts from outside suppliers, the essence of Japan's industrial system amounts to tight corporate networks that link big manufacturers with their suppliers.
''If it had not been for him, those children would have fallen to their deaths.''
The Whirlpool Corporation, the largest United States maker of appliances, said today that its second-quarter profit rose a more-than-expected 23 percent on higher sales in North America.
Amy Jenkins, a video maker, credits colony life with expanding her horizons.
But when Mr. Pataki, a Republican, made his comments, the proposal was seen as a move that could result in the first major changes to the drug laws since they were enacted in 1973 under another Republican Governor, Nelson A. Rockefeller.
*In Hartford, Mayor Michael Peters has no opponent.
From the Video Room in Battery Park City to the Video Station in Forest Hills, the stores have become the corner bars in the kingdom of film.
''He's the man and he's playing good.
Yet, here comes this wildflower committee willing to take his advice -- the worker-bee force of a scientist's wildest dreams.
We need to resolve: Is our President a criminal?
Then, they told her they thought there should be new leadership.
''I love my wife and my kids and I spend a lot of time with my family,'' he said.
Any prosecution begun by the I.C.C.
Mr. Johns recently said that he had intended for the painting to have a metal frame but could not afford it; he made do with the rather flimsy wood frame that the work still has.
My eye fell on this passage: ''Some art has a very open meaning, and can be written about in terms of this meaning; but the chances are that if the meaning is the most interesting thing about it, it does not stand alone, it does not assert itself.
Fininvest said it and Prince Walid would each have the right to name one of six Kirch Media board members.
Diplomats said they did not believe that the dispute would lead to any serious rupture, but they did say it seemed to reflect the combination of hope and uncertainty with which many Arabs regard Iran.
The reception in the sold-out 1,838-seat hall was nothing short of ecstatic.
But this crooner has developed enough of a swagger to give the Sinatra swingers the punch they need.
But when the big moment comes, the movie blows its opportunity.
Curtain times today are 1 and 7 P.M. at Manhattanville College in Purchase, where the information number is 946-0649.
Vouchers might give Mr. Giuliani another badge to wear on the national stage, but at an unacceptable cost if the city loses Chancellor Crew in the process.
As Mercantile's shares slid below $40 last summer, pulling down American Century Value's returns, Mr. Davidson bought more.
Its primary business was the manufacture of industrial magnets at a factory in Hungary and later at a factory the company bought in Kentucky.
The officer, though, said he never saw Mr. Bryant commit a violation, according to a court transcript.
While it might not roll off the tongue in the way Ms. Lagarde and others would like it to, it will eventually be just as comfortable and will become an accepted and automatic part of the language.
It includes a Web site, www.backyard.org, brochures advising girls to study science and technology, and an annual computer camp where girls learn the C programming language -- and networking skills that don't necessarily involve electronics.
So far neither Sotheby's nor its archrival, Christie's, is holding sales in New York during the summer.
And the relatively new River Cat Grill features tapa-sized portions for sampling with a wide selection of wines by the glass.
Elf's team was led by Michel Pebereau, chairman of Banque Nationale de Paris, and Bertrand Collomb, chairman of La Farge S.A., one of France's biggest producers of construction material.
''The five kids each own 6 percent.''
But Mr. Weiss said that ''it was not the case'' that the state's top prosecutor had taken over the investigation of Mr. Faison's death.
''It was nice the way we closed it out,'' Rockies Manager Jim Leyland said.
Rival airlines increased service and lowered their fares.
Unfortunately his own idea of a discussion was most people's idea of a monologue.
In college soccer, the Indiana men defeated Santa Clara, 1-0, and the North Carolina women won their 15th title in 18 years, beating Notre Dame, 2-0.
Last week's surge in shares of I.B.M.
The model was so successful that the apartments sold immediately, mostly to the intended Wall Street audience, Mrs. Cordovano said.
Father Lysz's will consisted of a dozen small items, including a roll of Indian-head pennies.
The wine list includes several Moroccan reds.
But after the meeting with Mr. Zhu, who is known here as a leading advocate of free markets and economic change, the two sides plunged back into detailed negotiations on Saturday night.
When scans are completed to the two bridge officers' satisfaction, they are forwarded to two shipboard cartographers on a lower deck who edit them on another bank of computers and preserve them on Zip cartridges for delivery to NOAA headquarters in Silver Spring, Md.
While Dr. Lathan worked on her, the chief resident dispassionately lectured him: How much fluid to add.
Last week in Hamburg, it did not take long for her to win, 6-3, 6-0.
For example, it is sponsoring an author's tour by Encarta's United States editor, Anne H. Soukhanov, a former executive editor of the American Heritage Dictionary.
The Administration is in the midst of an increasingly tense discussion with the commission, headed by Representative Christopher Cox, Republican of California, over what information to make public in a declassified version of the report.
In addition to deals America Online announced earlier for local phone companies to provide high-speed access to its members, two partnerships announced yesterday -- with Hughes Network Systems and DirecTV, both subsidiaries of Hughes Electronics -- pave the way for America Online to be packaged with DirecTV, the most widely used home-based satellite television system, with seven million users.
* Fogdog Sports, San Jose, Calif., to Odiorne Wilde Narraway & Partners, San Francisco, as the first agency to handle the account of the on-line sporting goods store.
WHEN the typically staid AT&T Corporation began a new unit called the Lucky Dog Phone Company last October with a barrage of offbeat television advertisements featuring talking dogs, it seemed an inspired idea.
Nor did he repeat his call for a law guaranteeing women's access to family planning clinics, first made after a Buffalo doctor who performed abortions was murdered.
But it neglected to mention that it had not sent the roasted turkey breast.
No one knows how many, if any, are still alive.
''The lottery becomes the only outlet for that dream.
''That was an outstanding example of how human rights advocates can use the Internet in ways they could never use television or newspapers to get around a thug like Milosevic,'' Mr. Shapiro said.
There is plenty of reason to be skeptical about the pledge by Speaker Dennis Hastert last month to support ''common-sense'' gun control legislation in the House.
A pre-Christmas party for spouses of doctors at her husband's hospital turns into a fiasco.
He has elected to bring the 6-foot-8-inch McGrady off the bench despite the fact that the young forward wants more minutes during a season in which he needs to increase his market value.
The commercial side of the holiday has been growing ever more profitable.
Goldwyn agreed, saying he viewed such a film as a ''human drama and not a baseball picture.''
Tom Watson, executive vice president at Omnicom in New York, confirmed a report of the acquisition this week in the trade publication Adweek.
Mr. Stabile, who kept notes in his home of on-line chats, according to the District Attorney's office, was convicted last May 4, after a jury trial, of attempting to disseminate indecent material to a minor.
They found space for a big promotion for a catalog that features classic wooden trains and blocks.
''We're taking market share from the cheaper producers in Korea, Japan and even the United States.''
At his sellout Tanglewood concerts over the July 4 weekend, James Taylor, crooning ''Sweet Baby James,'' whisked his audience back to the mellow 1960's and 70's, when the Berkshire Mountains were a magnet for young vagabonds craving music and the other arts in rustic surroundings.
For their part, Barnes & Noble executives are comfortable with students paging through their books, saying it cultivates their image as the neighborhood draw, much like the old town halls.
4:02:08 10581 Rouille, M, 58M .
I'm sure all the candidates will do their fair share to bring the party and the city back together.''
The data, which as you note, were supplied by the Republican staff of the Committee on Ways and Means, were meant to bolster their argument that very high income groups deserve a large share of a new tax cut.
An adviser to the ethnic Albanians said that most members of the delegation were anxious to get back to Kosovo as soon as possible, in view of reports that Mr. Milosevic has moved 30,000 to 40,000 troops into or close to Kosovo, defying an agreement he made last October to pull out most of his military and police forces.
With a rookie's blazing burst up the middle, with a looping pass fired precisely over a defender into the arms of a leaping receiver and with a defense that swarmed and befuddled a record-setting offense, the Giants tonight fashioned an impressive and startlingly explosive beginning to their 1999 preseason.
Virtuosic is too mild a word for their breathless, loony, entranced finesse (Cotter).
Travelers, settled people, blacks, Chinese.
Begun with just eighth graders in 1996, it now applies to third, sixth and ninth graders as well.
R. Grace was indicted by the grand jury for making false statements to the E.P.A.
Patients who suffer because of decisions by H.M.O.
Mr. Condon sought a temporary injunction while the state pursued a lawsuit to cancel its contract with Image Data L.L.C.
Eiderdown is renowned for softness and resilience.
It may now produce genuine contests for borough president, for the City Council and even for the State Legislature -- positions that have often carried the lifetime security of a Federal judgeship.
Today Mr. Yakushkin said that he had seen the President on Saturday, when he held meetings late into the evening at his country home, and that Mr. Yeltsin felt fine at the time.
Ewan McGregor was sexy as an unusually cheerful Scottish heroin addict in ''Trainspotting.''
Membership in the American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry, a professional group, has doubled in five years, to 4,000.
Shuttles have docked nine times with Russia's Mir station in recent years.
''He's a big horse, but he's still green.
Mr. Ginesi retired in 1997, after nearly two decades as the union's president.
Tonight, the Yugoslav delegate to the United Nations, Vladislav Jovanovic, attacked the pending indictment and its timing.
The Yankees, who wear a No.
When he arrived in this country 14 years ago, he believed that hard work and long hours would be worth the effort if it meant enough money for a down payment on his American dream: a house of his own.
''Absolutely,'' he said when asked if players had tried to capitalize on the label.
''In the old days, the fashion designers were chained to their back desks on Seventh Avenue.
Professor Lemley, on the other hand, called the similarities striking -- and troubling.
His friends have abandoned him.
Mr. Rappaport opened Inter-Maritime in Geneva in 1966.
Squadron leader Niven, his aircraft going down in flames, shares his last conscious moments talking by radio with Kim Hunter, a pretty Yank he's never met who works at the United States Air Force base in England.
Last month her son, Matthew, 15, took part in a school project, a Web site called ''Harlem Live,'' which recently became part of a permanent exhibit at the Smithsonian Institution.
Swathed in a form-fitting, pale blue dress, crooning Coward's ''Mad About the Boy'' in a voice that curls into wisps, the 49-year-old Twiggy instantly and improbably brings to mind a diverse host of young stars of 60 and 70 years ago, like an illustration by Miguel Covarrubias brought to life.
It is very difficult to see how.
The defense has argued that the semiautomatic pistols the officers used can fire so fast -- 16 rounds in less than six seconds -- that the officers had no chance to catch themselves.
Microsoft, he added, ''viewed browser market share as the key to preserving its dominance.''
The same gifts are on this album: the way she plays with meter, her delicate tonal shifts, the unpredictable but unforced phrasing, the harmonic sophistication joined to an easy, bluesy swing.
Developed in the 1960's by the psychiatrist Aaron T. Beck, this form of therapy gradually gets people with anxiety disorders to talk about, physically approach and ultimately experience the very things that terrify them.
Today, Resurrection students still wear uniforms, but much has changed.
At 8:30, he joins his wife, Nicole, for a dinner with a potential investor in Bangladesh, and wraps up the day at 11 P.M. ''It's heavy work, but very stimulating,'' he said.
Cole's Mount Etna swathed in white seems to hover in the sky reminiscent of the traditional Christian depiction of God the Father.
In a lecture on Saturday evening, Walter Simmons, a critic and musicologist, took issue with Barber's own assertion that his style never changed and argued compellingly that his works evolved clearly and fall into three distinct stylistic groups: sheer consonance in the early years, experimentation in the 1940's and a consolidation of both earlier styles, leavened by greater chromaticism, starting in the 1950's.
But it depends on what the meaning of ''is'' is.
Republicans in Congress have generally been supportive of aid to assist the Colombian Government in drug eradication efforts and in the campaign against guerrilla groups.
''We have to be prepared early in order to qualify for the season events,'' Eberharter said.
But when it happens, at least they will know where to find a quick and accurate report.
Only two years ago, every new proposal for spending increases or tax cuts was challenged as a threat to fiscal balance.
I don't see what benefits patients would reap from the unionization of doctors.''
''It may be the longest piece I have run, but it is by no means an aberration in terms of effort spent, or time, or ambition,'' Mr. Remnick said.
Length of trip: 9 months, in 1998.
Residents were told to turn off their fans and set their air conditioners so that air only exits their home.
IN the beginning, when the glaciers had retreated and the land was young, when warrior kings and their priests had learned how to use awe and fear, and even before they had learned to use an alphabet, there was Stonehenge.
A genteel girls'-school ethos prevailed, enforcing a baroque set of rules about curfews and male visitors, strictures not imposed on our luckier pals at Harvard.
''I think Derek has reached the pinnacle,'' Rodriguez, the Seattle Mariners' injured star shortstop, said.
Neither the Social Democrats nor the conservative People's Party, which have governed together since 1986 and have dominated Austria since 1945, seem to have a clear idea how to counter Mr. Haider, or how to break the political stalemate.
It was a foregone conclusion then that Rush would become a Jayhawk until his mother, Glenda, refused to cosign an early letter of intent for Kansas.
But ''there can be a lot of pitfalls along the way,'' Dr. Breidenbach said.
A week of immense landslides and floods has done more than destroy lives, homes and public works here.
''We are still stuck squarely in a trading range, but it looks like the market may be adjusting to the downside again,'' said Michael Clark, head of United States stock trading at Credit Suisse First Boston.
Typically, he said, installers charge an average of $75 for each linear foot of cabinetry being installed.
Shares of AmSouth fell $3.9375 yesterday, or 13.9 percent, to $24.4375.
HSBC also kept the Chinese name of the Hong Kong bank.
The increase to 5,479 donors resulted in about 600 more transplants in 1998 than in 1997, the Department of Health and Human Services said on Friday.
Bartlett adds: ''In the 70's, the idea got even bigger.
And the special rules for Hawaii and the Grand Canyon cover most of the tours, she said.
Unfortunately, the darkness in Kees's painting and poetry seems to have pervaded his life.
Far from displaying the excellence that has made him one of the most dangerous players in the game, he has made only 11 of 33 field-goal attempts over the first two games.
When a test of the first hydrogen device was exploded with 800 times the power of the atom bomb that destroyed Hiroshima, it was at once evidence of the scientists' success and a confirmation for opponents that the weapon was too powerful ever to use.
All the finalists have already received $50,000 stipends to cover the four months' work needed to prepare their entries.
''Some of the public would like to believe that for every larva that goes through the plant that's the loss of an adult flounder,'' Mr. Danila said.
Jason Hunt of Thomas Edison won the boys' 55-meter hurdles in 7.91 seconds, but he would have been third behind two French hurdlers if they had competed officially.
This matter is likely to be debated at the budget-adoption meeting.
David Buss, a professor of psychology at the University of Texas at Austin and one of the most outspoken of the evolutionary psychologists, says that asking a man not to lust after a pretty young woman is like telling a carnivore not to like meat.
It is unlikely he would have chosen the slow tempo based on his own intuition, but the results shed light on the meaning of the piece.
Anyone can buy it as a result of drug deregulation laws enacted in Congress in 1994, and no action has been taken against the drug until now.
Like any modern metropolis, Sao Paulo -- South America's largest city -- offers diners a mix of traditional (here in the guise of a beef barbecue house), modern (such as the trendy Carlota Cafe) and international (the distinguished Italian restaurant Fasano).
Under the state's mandatory sentencing guidelines, he had effectively foregone his chance at drug treatment as an alternative to prison.
Both political parties in the State Legislature are hopelessly craven in dealing with such special-interest legislation.
About half are blacks born in the United States, and half are from the Caribbean.
''Then they come in here and make amendments and statements as if we were killing children.''
''This is really disappointing,'' said Mr. Mandle at Sanford C. Bernstein.
With 48 seconds left in overtime tonight, all eyes were on Hasek.
For Cuban fare and the latest in exile-politics gossip, there is Versailles Restaurant, 3555 Southwest Eighth Street in Little Havana; (305) 444-0240.
In the 1980's, when the diocese regionalized Catholic education on Long Island, many schools closed.
The ''they,'' the owner of the building, is the Paramount Group, the investment arm of the Otto family of Germany, who own Spiegel, the mail-order company.
The boy has been placed with a Spanish-speaking foster family in Suffolk County.
So ending the oil limit would not necessarily get much more food and medicine to the Iraqi people.
''If I go to a doctor and he gives me a prescription, I take it.''
asked a prosecutor, Julie Myers.
''People were having to juggle am I going to eat today or pay for the home health care worker?''
Our deepest condolences are extended to his family.
A $25 ticket includes admission to the underwater institute (usually $9.75), the National Gallery ($3) and the tower of the cathedral ($3).
The AC installers were all installationists.
In 1944, with Houseman's help, he began his Hollywood career, soon directing ''Miss Susie Slagle's'' (1946) with Lillian Gish, Veronica Lake and Sonny Tufts.
Ford's initial offer on Friday had infuriated Canadian union officials, who dismissed it as inadequate, but Ford revised its offer on Sunday and negotiations since then have gone fairly well, Mr. Hargrove said.
CLUB BENE David Benoit, pianist.
Citizens for Tax Justice, which is often critical of Republican tax-cutting efforts, did an analysis that it said showed that when all of Mr. Bush's proposed cuts were fully phased in, 36.9 percent of total tax reductions in dollar terms would go to people with the top 1 percent of annual income, $301,000 or more.
I will be glad to see everything running as usual on Jan. 1, 2000.
The poster boy for this phenomenon is Minnesota Public Radio, which last year sold a mail-order business begun with small loans from its directors, putting $90 million into its endowment.
There ain't no rift between me and Mike.''
The work was written hastily for La Scala opera while Verdi was simultaneously overseeing a revival of his ''Lombardi.''
vice president from the United States, have said that some I.O.C.
''Every so often we like to let our hair down a little and host special entertainments that take advantage of what the site has to offer,'' Mr. Patterson said.
Each year all workers would receive from the Federal Government a tax credit equal to two percentage points of the 12.4 percent payroll tax that finances Social Security benefits.
But Duncan sees no reason why tonight's celebration on the water cannot be the first of many coronations.
''The other ones ate each other,'' he said.
Last month, Federal officials pulled the company's rotavirus vaccine from the market because of health concerns.
As the spectators paid their $10 and filed into Charity Hall, they brought along a staggering array of clubs and bludgeons and put them in the ring for the fighters to use once they entered: hockey sticks, baseball bats, even a kitchen sink.
Yehuda Halevy, Executive Vice President Bar-Ilan University RESNICK-Pearl.
Some brokers, however, have speculated that the going rate per square foot for both stores is more than $600.
buses will begin late next year.
''I could only see her from the waist up, and she looked fabulous,'' she said, standing next to Elton John, who also performed.
Perhaps in no other country but Germany, home to Goethe and to Goebbels, to Heine and to Hitler, is this intertwining so intense.
For now, though, he is eager to get his high school diploma this spring.
Their introduction of smallpox -- mainly by accident but also by use of deliberately infected blankets -- helped wipe out much of the native population in the New World.
''They have become part of the wall.
And on the NBC News program ''Meet the Press'' today, Mr. Bradley said his proposals showed that he was ''willing to deal with a big problem, a comprehensive problem in a way that ensures middle-class Americans some health.''
Consider, for example, his arrival in the United States to complete his education: ''The sheer gravity of my coming to the United States in 1951 amazes me even today.''
doormen, den, terrace, 2 exposures, health club and jogging track in building; common charge $349, taxes $4,128; listed at $375,000, 2 weeks on market (broker: Halstead Property) SOHO $1.1 million 45 Greene Street 2-bedroom, 2-bath, 2,170-sq.-ft. condo in a prewar building; 11-ft. ceilings, marble baths, fireplace, hardwood floors, 4 exposures; common charge $588, taxes $5,784; listed at $1.15 million, 3 weeks on market (broker: Smith & Watson) UPPER EAST SIDE $750,000 245 East 93d Street 3-bedroom, 3-bath, 1,560-sq.-ft. condo in a postwar building; 24-hr.
In particular, the company's pending acquisition of the Learning Company, a leading software maker, should make Mattel more competitive in interactive toys, Mr. Leibowitz said.
''By our analysis, that's how 17 percent of pedestrian deaths happen.''
The Charter School of Wilmington absorbed the Math and Science mini-school and opened on the third floor of the building in 1996.
But now all was silence.
Set in an unnamed German-speaking city right after the war, the novel details the struggle of Andreas Pum to regain a place in the social order after having lost a leg in battle.
But none of it quenched the spreading emptiness inside him.
One of the Princess's relatives is reported as saying that Diana ''had a perfectly good character, but her temperament overtook her.''
Mr. Whymant covers all of the essential questions about the Soviet spy's career, including Sorge's growing ambivalence toward the Soviet Union under Stalin and the sense he had of being trapped in his role.
Joins Lawsuit Against Vencor The Federal Government has joined a whistle-blower suit against Vencor that accuses the struggling hospital and nursing home company of overbilling Medicare.
Opponents of the bill said its restrictions on issue advocacy infringed on the First Amendment.
Many people apparently took the advice to heart, encouraged by special deals from hotels, contests and, perhaps, the belief that a maternity ward is as good a place as any to spend the last New Year's Eve of the 1900's, since every other establishment of note has long since been booked.
That's not a whole lot, considering we've lost half a season.''
Coca-Cola Accused of Racial Bias A group of black employees filed a class-action lawsuit accusing Coca-Cola of discriminating against African-Americans in pay, promotions and performance evaluations.
At meal's end, you can try the homemade Indian ice cream and the Indian tea cooked with cardamom, ginger and milk.
The genial freelance writer greeting me at the door of his rustic home in Garrison, N.Y., on a warm August morning is John Horgan, 46, the unofficial bad boy of science journalism.
If your idea of Beaujolais was formed by instant-gratification nouveau and George Duboeuf confections, the 1997 Chateau de Bellevue Morgon from Louis Jadot will be a jolt.
By 8 o'clock they have been replaced by those who make Washington run right now.
Georgina, Manhasset, N.Y., and Hewlett, N.Y. Sandals by Jimmy Choo.
New Yorkers will have to become accustomed to Southwest's unusual style.
Mr. Gomez thinks his hard-working daughters are thriving in New York.
THE Sega Dreamcast processor is fast, but a console is only as good as the games you can play on it.
It should have been maintained.
A 14-foot oblong table stands in the center of the floor.
He has sold off the last of his 50 beef cattle because the water has taken their grazing land, and he is talking about moving his house to higher ground.
After being forced to leave Syria and Russia, Mr. Ocalan apparently chose Italy because he felt he would get support from Italian Communists and even from the leftist Government.
Japan continues to advocate an Asian fund, though only as the I.M.F.
She shot once into a wall and then pointed the gun at her head and pulled the trigger.
Memorial service at St. James Episcopal Church, Madison Avenue at 71 Street, Tuesday, December 7, 11 AM.
In the southern part of the state, four historic churches still stand as markers in the book of the ages.
If Americans nonetheless put their faith in agribusiness-sponsored science, they are welcome to their just deserts.
Even so, his game-winner was unfathomable.
At age 32, he is squarely on one side of the generational divide between the architects who grew up with pencils and tracing paper and those who learned through CAD.
Although he is known for his scowling, chest-thumping dunks -- a look he realizes is not appealing to everyone -- he will not undergo a public relations make over to create a more pleasing image.
The Manhattan art scene still felt like a community in the middle of this century.
The money is not vast, some of it is misspent (as in every other sector of the government budget), but what would happen if we eliminated it all?
Then, with a Chilean friend, Sergio Traversio, he invested in the old Concannon Winery in Livermore, Calif.
Over all, Unisys predicted that its revenue would increase by just 4 percent for the entire year.
Dr. James had started out intending to become an H.M.O.
The other day, after Paul O'Neill had a couple of hits, Irabu told his interpreter, George Rose, ''Watch this.''
The event at a hotel here came at a crucial time for religious conservatives.
''But we have a legal police and army, and the Albanians don't.
That research placed the earlier studies in a very different light.
But the deals come with streetwise terms: miss a payment and the car won't start.
public key encryption system to be broken.
Those days seem to be ending, she noted with relief.
'' Aug. 19) is both unfair and, frankly, inaccurate.
And the ''dot com'' advertisers pitching computers, Web sites and other high-technology products and services, whose dollars are beginning to flood into TV, are licking their chops over the millions of wired consumers in Generations X and Y.
Illinois State (10-2), the Gateway Conference champion, crushed Colgate, 56-13, in the first round.
When Salustian Martinez, 21, was carried into the clinic with a gunshot wound in his leg, the doctor went to the hardware store for a six-inch nail to insert as a pin.
Dr. Gerald Spielman, an assistant attending pediatrician at the New York Weill Cornell Center (formerly New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center), hasn't seen computer-related injuries in children.
This fall, Sotheby's plans to auction caftans worn by the American heiress Barbara Hutton in her home in Tangier.
Presented by the Joseph Papp Public Theater/New York Shakespeare Festival, George C. Wolfe, producer; Rosemarie Tichler, artistic producer; Mark Litvin, managing director; and the Mark Taper Forum, Gordon Davidson, artistic director/producer.
The Pope brought no hint of the storm in Washington to Mr. Clinton's self-created political atmosphere.
Cummings does not put blame solely on the league or the players.
In the first part of the book, Jude, with his wry reflections on newspaper reporters and -- particularly funny -- on newspaper editors, is, if not the equal of Philip Marlowe or Tom Ripley, certainly as compelling as Robert B. Parker's Spenser or Patricia Cornwell's Kay Scarpetta.
But nothing is certain, he adds.
''He asked if I would do him a favor,'' Ms. Schroeder recalled.
It looked as if the pass was meant for Steve Konowalchuk.
For the last nine years, the state has been flamboyantly ruled by Mr. Yadav or his wife, who present themselves as the champions of the lower castes and religious minorities.
Set aside 15 minutes, then serve.
The Government held an emergency meeting of a special committee headed by Deputy Prime Minister Ilir Meta to try to cope with the crisis.
It carries some of the scars of the decision by the former director, Elizabeth Esteve-Coll, to revamp -- some would say destroy -- the curatorial staff in 1988 in the name of breaking up what she called ''fiefdoms.''
Dr. Alice Rossi, emeritus professor of sociology at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst, who analyzed the menopause data, concluded, ''The Gail Sheehy image of the menopausal woman with sweat running down her face is just not true.''
When Amoco started drilling for oil in Angola a few years ago, Exxon and Chevron had already landed some of the richest oil fields and could easily outbid their smaller rival for others.
Mr. Shams, as we called him, was a gentleman, ever patient with our endless questions.
The speech's Republican orthodoxy also outlined the themes of the battle that Mr. Giuliani is almost certain to fight against Hillary Rodham Clinton, his likely opponent in the Senate race next year.
Wages have fallen, too, which is especially disastrous for middle-aged men, who are usually the sole earner in families struggling to shoulder the heavy burden of both mortgage payments and supplementary educational programs, standard for many Japanese children.
Kelly spent much of the first three rounds fighting while backing up.
Coca-Cola's chief financial officer, James E. Chestnut, was named to the Coca-Cola Enterprises board last month.
He is survived by his wife Laurinda Middleton Oswald; his two children Frank Graf and Julia Skye; his mother Audrey Clinton Oswald of Newport; his father Frank Graf Oswald Jr. of Port Washington; his brother David of Stamford; and his sister Diana of New York City.
There are other mismatches between the high-cost mission and tactical common sense.
In 1997, the regional school system added a sixth high school, and in December, taxpayers will vote on whether to pay about $68 million to build additions to schools.
Staff Leasing, which provides business services like pay and benefits administration, said it would invite the shareholder, a unit of the French bank Paribas, and possibly other potential bidders, to inspect its books and operations.
A progression of isolated images, it is a showcase for Mr. Jones as dancer and storyteller, even if the story consists of fingers moving across an extended arm.
Ms. Minow received some early training in critical thinking from her parents.
(The same factors affect another Bush son, Jeb, the Governor of Florida.)
By the time Fresh Kills is closed, plans call for all the city's waste to be shipped out of state.
Tonight at 7, Lorna Myers conducts the Girls Choir of Harlem in the ensemble's Connecticut debut at the Stamford Palace (203 325-4466).
She's still little -- either 4 feet 11 or 4 feet 9 inches tall, depending on which biography you believe -- but interest in her singing is big enough for her to be booked at Resorts' 1,200-seat Superstar Theater.
Contributions may be made in his memory to: God's Love We Deliver, 166 Avenue of the Americas, NY, NY 10013.
The character is of course the Jolly Green Giant, who has for decades symbolized the Green Giant brand of canned and frozen vegetables.
Cedeno backed up, looking skyward.
Together, the companies had net operating revenue of $70 million in 1998.
''While it's difficult to accept any deaths, we feel that the city did all it could,'' Mr. Hauer said.
''You can't talk about 35,000 construction sites in a 30-second spot on the radio,'' he added, noting that traditional reports may not note disruptions on small streets.
As scientists map the human genome, they are literally tripping over mutations that cause rare genetic disorders, including OTC deficiency, Jesse's disease.
Stephen Gillers, a professor of legal ethics at New York University, said that while the judge's opinion was a powerful rebuke, it did not necessarily have implications beyond the Mannesmann-Vodafone struggle because ''it turns on what is found to be a fabrication.''
Andrea Del Conte Danza Espana Dance Theater Workshop The Andrea Del Conte Danza Espana stressed the dignity of Spanish dancing on Saturday night.
Its director, Eddie Torres, organized the current show of five artists, four of whom worked on Longwood studio fellowships this year.
And televising west to east means the convention ends early here, so delegates and journalists can go out and eat and spend.''
That's all it is, says Stanley.
But the extra information could also muddy the water.
Joe Sakic added three assists and Peter Forsberg had two assists for the Avalanche, whose last home victory came Dec. 4 against St. Louis.
Already noodle-kneed from the spiked soda they swig on the bus ride down, Orla, Manda, Kylah, Chell (for Rachel) and Fionnula hit the city just in time to receive Warner's blasphemous version of a sign from above.
The awards show came at a time when the country music industry is at a difficult fork in the road, staring on one side at proud isolation and on the other at compromising tradition in order to open itself up to a larger audience.
--March 24, 1998 On Flag Desecration Mr. Speaker, in many cities and towns across America it is illegal to kiss in public.
As the Supreme Commander of the 19-member alliance, General Clark, who has had about as much personal contact with Mr. Milosevic and his top generals as any NATO diplomat, confronts a complex political, as well as military, equation.
Another nightmare has become a tidy tale of personal growth and a selling point.
Its objects are of great visual appeal as well as literary interest.
Only three of them have been approved by Kroll this year.
Even if Mr. Mullins is wrong and technology continues to shine, investors should monitor their holdings' reliance on it.
What would the answers do to Israeli chances of existence, not for 10 or 20 years after the peace treaty, but forever?
The Rangers, who averaged six runs per game during the regular season, scored twice in six playoff games against the Yankees in 1998 and '99, while continually flailing at pitches just off the fringes of the strike zone.
He is survived by three sons, Evan, of New York City; John, of Lee, N.H.; and Darrell, of Santa Fe, N.M.; and six grandchildren.
That would feel weird, and cost a ton.
''The rhythms of the new show are similar,'' he said , ''but we go home with the characters, which is something we never do on Law & Order.''
BRETT WESTON (1911-1993) came by his photographic ability naturally, perhaps inevitably, as the son of the early modernist photographer Edward Weston.
As the allies have said, all of us, repeatedly, Mr. Milosevic can stop NATO's bombing by meeting these conditions: 1.
It begins today at 6:30 a.m. and continues for 24 hours.
It would create an administrative agency financed by the industry and its insurers to process the hundreds of thousands of pending claims filed by workers who have been exposed to asbestos since the 1940's, when asbestos became widely used in shipyards and elsewhere.
and its affiliate, the New York Foundation for Architecture, are tucked among furniture showrooms in the New York Design Center, 200 Lexington Avenue, between 32d and 33d Streets.
Vintage photographs of 1930's geishas hang on the walls, and a wide range of world music, blues, reggae and salsa plays on the sound system.
The 85-mile, $54 million Altamont Commuter Express serves 1,100 people a day, a small slice of the 24,000 vehicles that crawl through the grade each morning.
Two staff editors, including the managing editor and the features editor, have left in recent weeks, citing Ms. Brown's penchant for editing stories until the last available minute.
But as a Yankee fan who treasures every moment of his all-too-infrequent pilgrimages to Yankee Stadium, I am incredulous at the thousands of empty seats that dotted Shea Stadium last Sunday night even before the 15th inning began, when it wasn't even 9 P.M.
The novelist Elmore Leonard and the playwright David Mamet -- themselves masters of the dialogue form -- praised his idiomatic, masculine dialogue and said it had influenced their work.
Mutual fund companies are likely to draw comfort, as well, from the fact that $9 billion of the $11 billion that flowed out of stock funds in August was placed in bond or money market funds operated by the same fund companies, rather than being withdrawn altogether from the companies' coffers, according to the Investment Company Institute.
Mrs. Billings was on today's ballot, as one of two candidates for alternates to the zoning board of appeals, and she had organized people to water planters in town.
He gives a couple of examples of other contemporary companies that have behaved ruthlessly toward their competitors, including rather small and seemingly harmless competitors; but his argument here is thin and far from authoritative.
''He is an innocent man, because he was not proven guilty,'' Mr. Gore said, adding that he believes in redemption.
One is the little county seat of Surry, across the river from Jamestown, where a Confederate memorial bears the bittersweet inscription, ''Our Heroes.''
Dr. Fitch noted that heat-related deaths, long a feature of summer life in poor neighborhoods, particularly tenements, could be mitigated by air-conditioning.
In the same city, within a year of his birth, were born two other future Yoruba giants, Moshood K. O. Abiola, the opposition leader and presumed winner of the 1993 presidential election, and Fela Anikulapo-Kuti, the creator of Afro-beat music and social critic.
''We all talk about it a lot, and a lot of us think the whole thing's been blowed up,'' said Mr. Thompson, who has nine children and a fifth-grade education and makes $9.25 an hour.
Doctors determined he had a concussion and ruled Thomas out of next Sunday's game against Kansas City.
3:28:03 3106 Page, N, 32F .
Many Republicans, like Mr. Ryan, are casting off old orthodoxies.
When asked in a telephone interview about his business and ties to the skinheads, Mr. Delnegro would only say, ''The site's none of your damn business.''
But the paper sometimes stumbles.
In late 1990, the organization's lawyers told him that the Boy Scouts ''does not admit avowed homosexuals to membership.''
When the base was first selected as a location, Administration officials indicated the base was also chosen to eliminate the possibility that some of the refugees would claim political asylum in the United States.
*Conceal the number and type of BW and CW warheads for proscribed missiles.
''We were eating cornmeal pancakes without syrup for dinner -- crack vials all over the floor.
''The system doesn't let you have that.''
In 1947, Turner Catledge, a Mississippian who was then assistant managing editor, asked Mr. Popham to cover the South, from the Potomac to central Texas.
He paints them as they are falling, at the moment of their destruction by peasants in revolt against the feudal authority of Assisi's aristocrats.
Along with her tape recordings of music, his images of traditional musicians and craftspeople were acquired by University College Galway in Ireland in 1996.
An artist, destitute in Georgian London, returns to her native America.
Cherished uncle of Douglas, Sheryl, Adam, Ben, Rebecca and Alexander.
Mr. Clinton was seated on stage today with a number of civil rights leaders including the Rev.
The Shaker saga began in Britain in 1747 as an offshoot of a Quaker revival movement.
Customer satisfaction rates for companies that were once blue chips in the telephone industry are sinking, said Nick Donatiello, president of the consumer research firm Odyssey L.P. ''AT&T's image, for example, has rebounded somewhat, but it had been declining steadily for the past few years,'' Mr. Donatiello said.
''The life style I lived for a long time was motorcycles.
The Exxon Corporation could be ordered to sell some gas stations and refining assets to win Government approval of its planned acquisition of the Mobil Corporation, according to the agency reviewing the $76.6 billion deal.
That event will help choose the American squad for the world gymnastics championships Oct. 8 to16 in Tianjin, China.
Many union members say they have not shared in the city's economic boom even though the wage freeze they accepted helped create the city's $2 billion budget surplus.
In particular, said Dr. Kupfer, little is known about treatment sequencing: when is it best to follow one drug with another or to add an additional drug?
She said actions like the Food and Drug Administration's 1982 requirement of tamper-resistant packaging following the cyanide-poisonings of Tylenol products ''would have been impossible had F.D.A.
C2 Book Chain Merger Under Fire The proposed merger of Barnes & Noble and the nation's largest wholesaler, Ingram Book Group, is undergoing intense Federal scrutiny and is being investigated by the California Attorney General's office.
In lieu of flowers, contributions can be made to Planned Parenthood.
Though the board's headquarters at 110 Livingston Street in Brooklyn was rife with whispered questions about how Dr.
None of that means that the Russians plan to cease their punishing artillery and bombing attacks on Grozny.
Girardi will most likely leave and may sign with the Chicago Cubs, near his hometown.
Olerud weakly bounced a grounder to first, where Tino Martinez stepped on the bag and stared down Henderson at third.
The stadium in the Bronx, which can seat as many as 57,000, was closed for two weeks last spring after a 500-pound chunk of steel fell into empty seats beneath the upper deck.
About 500 students are housed on the campus now.
The governmental paralysis has disappointed both Haitians and other countries, which are coming to realize that they also had unrealistic expectations.
The next 25 seconds of music are embellished by a danced interpretation and images of trees and flowers.
He was also, in actuality, shrinking in size because his backbone was shattering.
No doubt the film also intrigued French audiences with its mix of stony posturing and bedroom candor, though its air of detachment literally leaves a lot to be desired.
And many of them grossly underestimated the cost of opening in the terminal.
The newspaper intends it is to be reopened in 3000.
For many people, the slaying illuminated the odd paradox of living in a neighborhood like Prospect Heights: even as rents rise drastically and apartments and brownstones sell for record prices, residents also described boundaries separating nice blocks from those that are considered less safe.
Certain telephone records which document conversations between Monica S. Lewinsky and William Jefferson Clinton, including a 56-minute exchange on Dec. 6, 1997.
Among the early hits are a vicuna-colored cashmere twin set and a pony-printed hair-calf skirt by Michael Kors; a knitted jacket and leather skirt from Chanel; a black and white cowl-neck tunic sweater with tweed pants by John Galliano, and a black shearling coat with rough edges and a decidedly bohemian air by Donna Karan.
Asked how much he was planning on investing in the new venture, Mr. Haldenstein replied, ''About $20,000.''
Negotiators today turned their hopes of meeting an imminent deadline for resolving the impasse threatening the Northern Ireland peace agreement to a long-awaited report on whether paramilitary organizations are willing to disarm.
I think the feeling of change comes in the little things.
And the Atlantic City Convention Center will house ''Watch Night 99: Jesus 2000,'' an 8 p.m. service co-sponsored by 48 area churches.
I think Johnny Unitas kicked everything off, a guy that won championships, and Roger Staubach because he was my idol when I was young.''
''A pinch is better than a peck, ain't that right?''
This season, more than 700 are enrolled.
NEW HAMPSHIRE -- Republicans -- Bass, N; Sununu, N. NEW JERSEY -- Republicans -- Franks, Y; Frelinghuysen, Y; LoBiondo, N; Roukema, N; Saxton, N; Smith, N. Democrats -- Andrews, Y; Holt, Y; Menendez, Y; Pallone, Y; Pascrell, Y; Payne, Y; Rothman, Y.
He recalled two recent trips, to San Francisco and to Paris.
Minamata disease has now also been diagnosed in the Amazon rain forest, the British journal New Scientist reported in its Feb. 6 issue.
But Rozelle was working for the owners, using athletes' supple bodies to make the enterprise larger while keeping the players' share as small as possible, refusing to even give guaranteed contracts.
The Army dropped five other counts of making false statements, four other counts of unbecoming conduct and two counts of obstruction of justice, including one that charged him with threatening one of the women that he would testify against her in a child custody case.
In North Carolina and Indiana, control over the lower house has ricocheted from one party to the other and back again, with the newly ousted minority stewing in exile and plotting its return to power.
I'm also looking forward to ''American Beauty.''
Chase is forecasting only a small decline in the rate of economic growth next year, to 3.0 percent, from an estimated 3.8 percent this year.
The veterans are rapidly dying off -- there are an estimated two million in Russia today, half as many as five years ago.
Roy played a virtual reality one-on-one game with Bill Walton, and not all that shabbily.
And then, for the first time in a quarter-century, it began to rain.
The President and Board of Trustees of Montefiore Medical Center note with deep sorrow the death of Rose Goldman, beloved mother of I. David Goldman, M.D., Acting Chairman of the Department of Medical Oncology and Director of the Albert Einstein Comprehensive Cancer Center.
Computer scientists start by randomly generating a pool of SAT problems each involving different actors and different casting constraints.
As a result, Ms. Walters says she now presumes that by the time she does her Lewinsky interview, the Senate videotape will have already been shown on television.
We shall miss her friendship, her good humor, and her Wednesday morning Tai Chi class.
States are sitting on large surpluses of unspent Federal welfare money while welfare-to-work needs -- child care, transportation, literacy, mental health services and drug and alcohol treatment -- continue to go unmet.
A typical Sunday for many Madrilenos means renting a rowboat on the Great Lake.
''What worries me is that this small group of stocks may contaminate the whole market.
In Caravaggesque contrasts of darks and lights, each painting realizes a glamorous, bigger-than-life character.
Nevertheless, Charles I. Clough Jr., the influential stock analyst at Merrill Lynch, told institutional investors in a conference call today that the rebound in the Latin American markets signaled a good opportunity to sell Latin stocks and move money into Asian markets.
For every client now getting a second look, there may well be two or three others with similar problems who vanished into the post-welfare world.
''I told him I was praying for his mom,'' Graham said of Dorothy Fassel, who is hospitalized in Arizona.
Over all, Dwight returned five kickoffs for 210 yards, setting a Super Bowl record by averaging 42 yards per return.
Doesn't Mr. Kamara feel obligated to bear witness to a story even if it doesn't have an optimistic ending?
As the Renaissance fizzled after the Crash, West decided that she and her young friends had been wasting their potential in a sea of bootleg gin.
''I asked Jeff and Ernie this question.
The studio moguls agreed -- except for the RKO chief, George Schaefer (played by Roy Scheider).
But the gaudy celebration of wealth that characterized Hong Kong during the go-go years has been replaced by a more sober recognition of hard times.
The Washington columnist, Lars-Erik Nelson, is probing to find the appeal of potential Presidential candidates like Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona.
Mr. McDougal died last year in a Federal prison, and Ms. McDougal has twice refused to answer questions from a grand jury about their financial dealings.
''I didn't know if he had any other outlets.''
On the Film Front The Long Island Film Festival, the Island's longest-running film fest, has moved again, this time to the Westhampton Beach Performing Arts Center, where the 16th annual festival runs from Thursday through next Sunday.
That fairly sums up the group's scope.
''The victory of the patriots has been pulverizing,'' he said, his wife, Marisabel, who was one of the most successful of the candidates, at his side.
The sums increased to $262 million in the 1996 Presidential year.
To pay off its new borrowing, his analysis concluded, the authority might have to raise bus and subway fares by as much as 30 cents by 2004.
Officer Molloy's contention that Mr. Phelan had grabbed his gun and killed himself was accepted by most police investigators, and Brian J. Sullivan, the Assistant District Attorney prosecuting the case, argued repeatedly that the departmental investigation had been sloppy.
Monsignor Schneider said that Father Murphy was showing ''disrespect of the church and civil authority.
The catcher also said that Alfonzo is a perfect complement to Ordonez, often preventing the shortstop from being flashy to the point of being detrimental.
He also visited Texarkana, Tex., where he raised $500,000 for Representative Max Sandlin, a Texas Democrat who, as a deputy whip during the House proceedings that led to the impeachment, helped hold Democrats together.
The picture in the magazine also gratifies our voyeurism, for how often do we get to peer into the kitchens or bedrooms of perfect strangers?
Crystal Bay 5 John Walsh Boulevard (at Charles Point Marina), Peekskill.
But the grand patterns that seem so consistent from one range of hills or network of rivers to the next, such as the precise ways in which tributaries snake around and multiply in number in the upstream direction to drain an area of a certain size, have always been a bit mysterious from the vantage of traditional geology.
In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made to The Doris Rankin Saffer Memorial Fund, C/O Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, Box E, 1275 York Avenue, New York, New York 10021.
McGriff hit his 24th and 25th homers of the season off Omar Olivares (8-9), helping the Devil Rays, who snapped a five-game losing streak, build a 6-0 lead through five innings.
2 2 73 TUESDAYS WITH MORRIE, by Mitch Albom.
Had Rutgers not been eliminated by Notre Dame in a semifinal game of the Big East tournament, it would probably have received a No.
Her idealism, energy and indefatigable optimism will forever inspire all who knew her.
''We realized we had to put HSN in with all its merchandizing power and ability to be a real retailer on the Net,'' Mr. Diller said.
Perhaps, ultimately, it is less about the war than it is about living in one's head -- that primary theme of Mr. Malick's two earlier movies.
Chasity Melvin, a close friend and teammate of Price on the Rage, remembered her as a player who worked hard and got along extremely well with her teammates.
Other small cities and towns have SWAT-trained officers but use them only occasionally.
''We're going to deal with that down the road.
Indeed, even the prosecutors, who surely cannot be accused of being reluctant to find Presidential misconduct, contended not that the President had lied about the nature of his relationship, but only about the details.
Tomorrow, 11 A.M. to 4 P.M. ASTOR PLACE FESTIVAL, from Broadway to Lafayette Street, East Village.
Mr. Bordes acquired Mr. Rosenmiller's interest in General Media in 1994.
The wealthy Rangers struggling, the frugal Devils dealing and the same old bargain-basement Islanders in their same old arena, hoping to do new business in Long Island's changing political atmosphere.
You know what I mean?''
And that means getting the big questions right.
But everybody is so afraid of making the wrong move.
In company presentations that he has attended, for instance, Ms. Barad has been known to dance to music used in product promotions, apparently to drum up enthusiasm.
So what looked like a bargain -- Ford paid $2.4 billion for the much smaller Jaguar company -- was actually a liability.
Created over all is a theater of sound that takes up the past and tosses it into the future.
Both have been at it for more than a year.
A1 Ruling on Local Phone Access The Supreme Court issued a ruling that could delay efforts to open the $100 billion local telephone business to competition, overturning a rule that had forced the Baby Bells and other local phone giants to sell to competitors access to almost all parts of their networks.
VDI shares have fallen about 16 percent in the past year.
Bid committee personnel refused to make the requested payments.
Although these convulsive events happened in the early part of the 19th century, for the descendants who still live on this unforgiving land they are as fresh as yesterday.
The statement said that Iran condemned international terrorism.
When Wolfgang looked at individual arrest rates, he did so with the firm conviction that criminology had to be an interdisciplinary activity in which all sources of human behavior should be explored.
In a practice that seems to be increasingly common when dealing with here-today (perhaps gone tomorrow) financing, Benjamin Noriega-Ortiz, a Manhattan designer, asks for full payment up front.
Total fat is only 1 percent -- another attractive quality to weigh against that initial hideous impression.
There's puny little me and there's this unbelievable person who cannot be stopped and who's never tired and keeps bouncing back up.
As the senior inmate leader of the institution's treatment program, he often shares his story with younger prisoners and for the first time in his life has become a respected figure, at least in this world.
GETTING in touch with Dr. Margarita Ticzon Camacho, a cardiothoracic surgeon, and Dr. Lee Howard Winter, a cardiothoracic anesthesiologist, is almost as impossible as making reservations for the millennium on St. Bart's.
Sir Merton owned no less than 16 oils by Long.
''Lobbies set the tone,'' said Charles Steven Cohen, president and chief executive of the Cohen Brothers Realty Corporation, which bought the architecturally distinguished but once economically troubled building in late 1997 for $114 million.
He did call the world's attention to Juliette Binoche and Irene Jacob, however, certainly positive accomplishments.
Each clergyman dipped a finger into a small bowl of ashes, then smudged a cross onto the forehead of each person who came up the aisle.
As a precaution, they have dropped him from his scheduled start tomorrow and will have him rest for a couple of days.
But in a bid to enhance future sales, G.M.
What it is about, the full-service firms now say, is finding a way -- and a pricing structure -- that allows customers to trade cheaply when they want to but to fall back on the help and advice of a broker when they do not.
Stacy Joy Fischer and David Rudolph Schoenberger were married last evening in Lawrence, N.Y.
Participants include David Breitman, the fortepianist, John Hsu, the baryton player, Sir Roger Norrington, the conductor, and several musicologists.
Polls indicate that his popularity has risen about 10 percentage points.
Susan Brown Coral Gables, Fla.
To put it mildly, it is harder for a child to learn when she lives amid decay and danger.
The rate was 35 births for each 1,000 teen-agers in 1996, the latest year for which statistics are available.
Asked to quantify a measure of progress, Mr. Bacon said, ''I don't think I'll get into the grading business at this point.''
WITH: Billie Madley (Rusty Morgan), Anney Giobbe (Seraphina), Jack Crosley (Jimmy Parlow) and Susan O'Connor (Sister Grace).
In voting to approve a finding that rudder malfunction be cited as the probable cause of both crashes, the board's four members held no public debate.
This public quiescence is puzzling to the proponents of tax relief who think that now more than ever it is the time for significant tax cutting or an overhaul of the tax code.
Forty years ago, he did what he referred to as a ''routine on trying to take a girl out.''
''They haven't paid their taxes,'' Mr. Holbrook said, ''and that's not a rumor.''
With a gutsy but girlish voice, like Etta James or Bonnie Raitt, she sings about men and their many flaws, from indifference to infidelity, and she sounds as if she'll get what she wants sooner or later.
WITH the summer driving season approaching, the price of gasoline across the country has jumped sharply from historically low levels as major oil producing countries cut supplies of crude oil.
The panel, headed by Robert Zemsky, director of the Institute for Research on Higher Education at the University of Pennsylvania, said its recommendation was based on CUNY's projection that the policy would affect only a small number of students, and the panel called for close monitoring to see whether the results squared with the projections.
''His name was Garson Kanin, and he was to be my right-hand man for many years.''
She was his second wife.
signal thousands of times stronger than today's technology.
Bloomberg lists 417 indexes tracking United States equity markets alone.
A ''surf camp'' with two two-hour lessons and a hotel room costs $150 a day.
It is highly seasonal -- how much chicken soup can a city eat in July?
That little girl was two months old when her mother broke the news that she had decided to shorten her workweek to four days, from five.
From track meet directors to paying customers, Mark Everett usually leaves everyone happy.
The process synchronized a soundtrack disk with a film image.
To the Editor: If New York City is so eager to keep large companies in Manhattan that it will offer substantial tax breaks, it is a little unfair to ask commuters, many of whom would no doubt prefer not to have to negotiate a river crossing twice a day, to contribute toward this largess, as they are now effectively doing with the commuter tax (news article, May 19).
''Almost every kid in Baldwin and Freeport knows this was the place where you can go to get alcohol without being properly proofed,'' Inspector Rocco said.
To researchers, interfering with melatonin release is no trivial matter.
The proposal, which would have to be approved by the Securities and Exchange Commission, would allow customers of the firms to funnel trades to the new market voluntarily basis.
Jeff Harley, who worked briefly at Touch Tone, told the authorities that once when he was unable to ''bust'' an unpublished phone number, to find the name and address of the customer, Mr. Rapp grabbed the file from him and got the information in his first attempt.
The next day, Dec. 22, the diagnosis was confirmed: the man had rabies.
Police Commissioner Howard Safir yesterday angrily denied a New York City police officer's allegation that she was dismissed for testifying critically about the department before the City Council.
''We're proving our worth as a U.S.G.A.
Todd Solondz's film portrays the three Jordan sisters (Cynthia Stevenson, Jane Adams and Lara Flynn Boyle) and the problems in their lives, not the least of them being the child molester, who is married to one of them and who is a psychiatrist to boot.
The company, New Africa Investments Ltd., said that its founding directors, Dr. Nthato Motlana and Jonty Sandler, would resign as of next Tuesday.
There will be a memorial service on Sunday, August 29, at Waldingfield Farm in Washington, CT.
''I am Irish and I am not supposed to cry in front of anyone,'' Mrs. McCarthy had cautioned herself in Thursday's midnight debate, when dozens of Democratic Congresswomen rallied down the aisle to her side, speaking up for slain schoolchildren and shattered parents.
The more than 1,000 unionized workers at the homes, who include maintenance and housekeeping workers and licensed practical nurses, had asked for higher benefits and increased staffing levels.
Both play at Princeton and Yale this weekend.
In his latest assault on gridlock in New York City, Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani said yesterday that the Police Department would begin an aggressive crackdown on Tuesday on drivers who double-park.
The ex-employee, Alicia Graham, 25, is accused of taking seven state checks while working as a temporary assistant in the Health Department's finance unit.
HANK DOGS, MARTHA WAINWRIGHT, ESZTER BALINT, Fez, 380 Lafayette Street, at Great Jones Street, East Village, (212) 533-2680.
I love you today and always.
''There may well be an implosion.''
At Y.& R., Mr. Bess, 53, will oversee operations outside of advertising and direct marketing like Landor Associates, which specializes in corporate identity and design; Burson-Marsteller and Cohn & Wolfe, public relations, and Sudler & Hennessey, health care communications.
A Tyco spokesman declined to elaborate.
At the Gershwin, for example, one-bedrooms rent for between $2,375 and $3,000, and two-bedrooms run as high as $5,200.
Also at stake is the tenor of union-management relations for years to come.
The van companies, as well as the ferry industry, stand to profit from a strike even more than the city's private bus lines and taxicabs do.
A significant portion of the Bass investment will be used to advertise the service, he said.
Mr. Malone was largely responsible for making that the received wisdom within the Justice Department -- though, of course, the policy decisions are not made by the staff but by the top appointees in the antitrust division, Mr. Klein and A. Douglas Melamed, the second in command.
White's 1945 children's classic has been adapted into a lovely family film about a little mouse (the voice of Michael J.
The pill was only one of several social changes affecting sexual and marital dynamics in the United States.
''They threatened, but I never expected this to happen,'' said Michael Stankovich, a 74-year-old retired accountant who came to the United States in 1959.
Yet either way, the Kosovo campaign is sharpening the debate over when force is justified.
Publishers also fear that if I.B.M.
But there is a superb opportunity now for a second chance.
''America's taste changed, and he wasn't able to adapt to it,'' Mr. Brown said.
Further, Mr. Toiv said, the practice of slowing e-mail is a standard method of deterring the ''mail bombing'' technique used by hackers to cripple Web servers.
I'm happy to be with one of the best teams in the league.''
Further weakening designers' authority, many of them have narrowed the distinction between high fashion and casual clothes.
The Giuliani administration has contributed to this increase by improperly denying Medicaid enrollment of welfare recipients, as city officials admitted in Federal court in January.
Not incidentally, that also gives them control over all the television news concerning their own conduct.
But she doesn't ask her clients about their symptoms.
''We understand their main work was humanitarian, but in the process they committed criminal offenses,'' the judge said today in passing sentence.
And BMW rolled out its first all-wheel-drive vehicle, the X5, which it insists is a ''sport activity vehicle'' not intended for off-road use -- a strategy intended to prevent the cannibalization of sales from its Land Rover unit.
A year and a half ago in Paris, the team noticed how young professionals had adopted cargo pants as a uniform, because the deep pockets were handy for stashing cell phones.
In the world of his grandfather, ''the idea of someone singing a song, an emotion being pressed into metaphor, was acceptable to the larger public,'' Mr. Guettel said.
The upper stories, which would cantilever over the Y, would house the luxury apartments.
It gave vengeful Russian generals and the Yeltsin ''family'' a new lease on political life.
Nevertheless, vendors like Data Integrity have found contracts harder to come by than analysts had originally projected.
A gathering of his friends and family will follow at the Wings Club, 52 Vanderbilt Avenue, NYC.
Not all women are caught up in the trend.
Roger Ailes, the Fox channel's chairman, likes to say it has gained viewers by being fair and balanced.
of Sawgrass playing as difficult as it has played.
Grounds admission only, $3; students, those 65 and older, $2; children, 2 to 12, $1; no charge all day Wednesdays and on Saturdays from 10 A.M. to noon.
Beloved husband of the late Sophie (nee Lasky).
George E. Pataki has been up to other than to run around looking for national attention.
Others, like Ben Jones's heart-shaped ''Shango Fan'' and an altarlike installation by Leslie King-Hammond, refer to Caribbean religions.
The official news agency said ''important practical steps'' had been worked out with the Libyan leader, Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi, but did not elaborate.
If you've come this far, perhaps you'd like to know what would happen if the World Series were simply abolished, freeing stock market players from such distractions.
I'm going to throw the baby,''' Firefighter Moschitta said.
The result is bound to disappoint those who were hoping for the lively heterogeneity that prevailed here in the 1920's.
Mr. Hanif, who moved here from Pakistan six years ago, lived with his brother on Benson Avenue in Bensonhurst in Brooklyn.
At about 8 o'clock one evening on the campaign trail in upstate New York last summer, I strolled into the hotel bar to see what post-deadline high jinks might be afoot.
'' Several scientists, however, say they were told the conference could help influence the decision by the E.P.A.
David Chan, a company spokesman, said Asustek's employees worked through the holiday.
Years earlier, Lila Acheson Wallace, the philanthropic grande dame and co-founder of Reader's Digest who died in 1984, had established an organization that made the museum the beneficiary of dividends from a chunk of Reader's Digest Association stock and other assets.
Devoted father of Lon and Melanie, Scott, Nancy and Ray Greenberg, Wendy and Gary Jacobson.
''Right now, I still plan to enter Silverbulletday in both the Black-Eyed Susan and the Preakness,'' he said.
The more detailed mutual funds table that appears on Sundays in Money & Business will not be affected by the change.
It takes 167 pennies to make a pound of coins.
And he can't handle it.
In lieu of flowers donations may be made to The Mass Historical Society for The Preservation of The Adams Papers, 1154 Boylston Street, Boston, Ma 02215 or to the charity of your choice.
The august Boys' Club of New York has dropped its spring dance for a murder-mystery party.
The company said it would use $250 million from the Cobblestone sale to pay off debt.
After swerving to cut off Jan Svorada, a Czech with Lampre, Steels dug his right elbow into Cipollini a few times just before the finish line.
Saying that Watkins reflected the esthetics of the Hudson River School, about which he must have known almost nothing, or that he anticipated the formal devices of modernism simply will not do as explanations of his work because they are hopelessly vague.
''The redistribution of property is being carried out quietly.
All of them are wide-screen sets.
Dear Mr. Mayor: The Response, Before and After On Sunday, the draft of the letter to Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani began with the following paragraph.
He suffered through college and a series of dead-end jobs -- salesman, worker in a rock quarry -- before he finally persuaded his father to let him take a crack at what he really wanted to do.
Russian forces have made steady progress toward both ends.
Nineteenth-century seed boxes with attractively designed packets of seed are on display, along with a sieve-like implement called a riddle, used to clean seeds.
Deliveries of the 54 aircraft on order -- used mainly for regional commuter flights -- are expected to begin in April 2000 and continue to mid-2004.
Mr. Williams is running for re-election, and the Riverdale parents have said they will run their own slate of candidates, including G. Oliver Koppell, the former State Attorney General.
And so is his new one.
He was 77 and lived in Los Angeles.
The Beethoven Adagio was, at bottom, one long, long breath.
If you misbehave on the road, you get your license taken away.
''Anything may happen,'' said Halyna Yanovska, a street vendor.
Friends may call at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Avenue at 81 St, Sunday, June 13, 1999, 2 to 5 and 7 to 9 PM.
The company sought protection from creditors in the United States and Canada in June.
''I'm a lot more confident than I've ever been,'' he said of his unprecedented prediction.
The defining moment of Chandler's career -- at least to this point -- came two weeks ago in the National Football Conference title game against the Minnesota Vikings.
Survivors, especially children, need psychological help.
When Hideki Irabu pitches against Seattle's Mac Suzuki at Yankee Stadium Friday night, it will mark what is believed to be the first time Japanese pitchers have started against each other in the major leagues.
''We feel that television will only emulate life as it really is in America when all media mirrors the American scene truly and fully.''
Its body emits stylized flames.
Subtracting the $1 million they received from the Dodgers in the deal, the Mets will spend $10.8 million on Bonilla for this year and the next.
Mets Manager Bobby Valentine gave Benitez a second chance tonight.
The only thing that helped us was when they built the outlet mall.''
MAURICE JAY BAUMGARTEN Miami Beach, Fla., Feb. 10, 1999
''Pittsburgh has done that and we haven't.''
Prosecutors charged that the two groups had worked in concert and with mobsters on extortion plots.
But image-making for Mr. Luzhkov is not the easiest task.
It would be like Princeville never existed, like it had just been erased away.''
On Friday Mr. Annan is expected to report to the Security Council on the issue.
The low level meant that instead of deeper, cleaner water being drawn up, the contaminated surface water made its way into the well.
Imagine that you could ask for one equally huge innovation in the coming century, to improve your own lot or that of all mankind.
It has also created subsidiaries for biotechnology drugs and for predictive medicine, like tests to identify genetic conditions showing a predisposition to diseases or adverse drug reactions.
Beloved wife Saul, loving mother of Jane, Andy and Billy.
Mexican officials say they may issue a travel advisory about the dangers of visiting Houston, where three Mexican citizens have been killed by police officers since 1997, according to Mexican news reports, which did not name the officials.
When she played her New York debut recital in 1990, she was 22 and just completing her studies at the Curtis Institute in Philadelphia.
Analysts expected an even larger loss of $1.77, according to the First Call Corporation, which tracks company earnings.
The counterflashing is embedded in the mortar joints of the chimney, and it bends down over the other flashing elements.
This idiom -- a modernist descendant of the jazz-inflected compositions of Erik Satie and Francis Poulenc -- manages to sound simultaneously old and new.
An initial examination verified that it was very young.
His name is Don Quixote, and he is losing his Sancho.
And the most frequent caller was Calvin Bass, who kept telling his longtime mentor not to lose hope.
TEMPLE SHALOM Debbie Friedman, singer and composer, in a program of original folk, liturgical and popular music.
Mr. Renfroe said his supervisors told him that ''they're going to put the pictures back professionally.''
The suit claims the city's policy caused the men emotional distress, placed them at physical risk, and, in the case of Mr. Almos and Mr. Jordan, has given rise to a fear of arrest that hinders their willingness to participate in civil demonstrations.
Wan Azizah Wan Ismail said she had been denied permission to visit since Wednesday.
A line is drawn, she said, defining the border of ''the subjects' sanity.''
It has off-color humor and sexual situations.
Not only are there few outlets for publicity, but sometimes it can get architects into trouble.
Nortel's results were announced after major financial markets had closed.
In that role, Kelli Harrington does a fine job of balancing virtuosity and parody.
And he is leading the field in complaining that Mr. Bush and his money are subverting the system.
Early Sprites are honeycombed with crevices that trap water and dirt, making them prone to rust even in states like Oregon that do not salt roads in winter.
When Brown left Indiana to take the job in Philadelphia two seasons ago, and Bird arrived on the scene, Rose believed that he would get a another chance.
And in a novel, unlike a newspaper column, the beginnings are not enough.
Chances are, he said, it will never happen again.
That way hospital care might become as injury-free as airline travel.
It is betraying their oath of office out of ''a false loyalty'' to colleagues.
On Oct. 20, for example, after the police tried to disperse them, some still lingered by the door.
Salty Towers, 340 Water Street; (506) 529-4585.
Minnesota, Washington, Cleveland and Phoenix have the sixth through ninth picks.
''He had actually read the encyclicals,'' Father Jacobs said.
During a bitter, protracted election campaign, Israelis have grown weary of the way the candidates advocate unity, yet aggravate the many divides in this small, complex society.
These elements are not always successfully harnessed to the heartwarming fable at the musical's center, which has been taken more or less whole from the movie, and the show is strong on neither suspenseful narrative nor affecting characterization.
Orange became the color symbolic of autumn, although black remained the hue of the dead.
Some say that the 20th century has been a short century, as the 19th century took such a long time to end.
on the south side of Chicago and enrolled him in a marksmanship training program.
Rampant stealing, Mr. Khodorkovsky conceded, was certainly bad for Russia.
He bought land with an old log cabin outside a small Virginia town, Boston, where he practiced two of his lifelong hobbies, folk dancing and herding goats.
''All it's going to do is raise the rates,'' complained Mr. Horn, who said he was a diabetic.
''On a hot summer night, there was always someone looking to get a shine.''
After touring refugee camps on Sunday, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, Sadako Ogata, said that her organization was seeking a presence in West Timor to handle relief for refugees who have fled there.
With two starters and two key backups wearing street clothes, Garnett scored 22 points on 11-for-12 shooting, tying the 91.7 percent clip Tom Gugliotta hit at San Antonio on Feb. 26, 1997.
Despite that, the jobs report -- which also showed that the unemployment rate edged up an insignificant one-tenth of a percentage point, to 4.4 percent, and that hourly wages barely budged, rising a cent -- reassured Wall Street that the Federal Reserve would not feel compelled to raise interest rates soon.
It's still a bit wild, but frequent and very cheap flights (about $10 one way from Chiang Mai) have brought many more tourists here.
In a sure sign of the widespread distaste for the place, even in a city that proudly retains its liberal reputation, a local columnist recently suggested that the park would make a better strip mall or parking garage.
Cherished grandmother of Jennifer and Joshua Kurzweil.
An office manager at a bank, Mr. Mapp has been renting since 1993 in the Mount Eden area.
MR. CAMP -- It seems as if the Internet is everywhere, but it is really concentrated in the hands of a group of very large companies.
Boxing was down, Muhammad Ali came along.
To the Editor: The April 22 Economic Scene analysis of the current mysterious combination of low inflation and low unemployment omits a fundamental factor: the computer revolution.
MARSDEN HARTLEY, ''The Berlin Prints,'' Babcock Galleries, 724 Fifth Avenue, (212) 767-1852 (through April 16).
Numerous gardening books recommend this ritual, yet plants don't seem to mind the final transfer to the garden, a very large pot indeed.
Traders have been carrying spices from these islands to the rest of the world for thousands of years, and spices have played a huge role in the nation's political and economic history.
Carter received a master's degree from the City University of New York and was an assistant principal at Mineola High School on Long Island.
that their return to Cuba was voluntary,'' Mueller said.
Mr. Skiadopoulos confessed to the murder and told the court that he killed Ms. Scully after she told him she wanted to leave him because she was unable to adjust to life in Greece.
In 1988, balancing commercial work with her career as a composer, she created what may be the world's best-known audio signature: the miniature chordal flourish that introduces every AT&T call.
A mammogram looks for changes in the breast only once a year, Dr. Heerdt said.
Butler later returned to the bench on crutches.
Business groups say they will try to persuade the Occupational Safety and Health Administration to modify the proposal so that the rules are less costly.
''Watch out for the monkeys,'' warned Veronica, not altogether joking.
In Veras and Sanders, the Braves gain both a leadoff hitter and an outfielder to make up for the loss of Gerald Williams, who signed with Tampa Bay.
Bratzke's recovery was stunningly successful as he started 16 games and also had 80 tackles last year.
Adored grandmother of Michelle Bonett, Amy Keller and Cindy Hill.
Some diplomats say they are steadily weakening Mr. Hussein by showing senior officials and clan leaders that Iraq faces only hardship as long as he is in power.
Mr. Talbot said that whatever relevant facts or context were missing from the earlier article were available in the later coverage.
The designer Todd Oldham said the look on men is ''supremely silly,'' and the hip haberdasher Sandy Dalal agreed.
''The Serbian leadership has failed to divide us and will not outlast us.
''But when it comes to the post-season, he'd have to be a long shot.''
Todd Zeile singled off Jose Santiago (2-4) and Kelly followed with his r.b.i.
She is now in self-imposed exile pending corruption charges against her and her family.
Here, the inmates specifically asked to be returned to Cuba and the Cuban government agreed to take them.
METRO ATLANTIC ATHLETIC CONFERENCE St. Peter's 64, Siena 62 In Buffalo, two free throws by Siena (21-8) in the final seconds missed as St. Peter's (25-5) won its seventh Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference women's tournament since 1982.
And so for the league benefit he was more than just one of the 42 chefs who cooked to raise $1.5 million in a single evening.
Kansas (13-5, 5-1 Big 12) had won 35 straight conference games since an 81-74 loss to Missouri on Feb. 20, 1994.
Finally, those of us who have it just right.
Some risk factors can be modified, Dr. Ganz said: women can exercise and try to stay lean, and cut back on alcohol.
Dr. Landauer was interested in theoretical limits: given that technology will improve indefinitely, how soon will it run into the insuperable barriers set by nature?
'' BE IN BUSINESS FOR YOURSELF -- Jobs are no longer secure.
Age 74 of Vershire, VT, formerly of NY died November 28, 1999 in Lebanon, NH.
The collective bargaining agreement called for three-arbitrator panels to hear 75 percent of the scheduled cases this year.
It may sound like the makers of Pokemon cribbed those themes from Sesame Street, but there is something notably Japanese in the emphasis on team-building and lending a helping hand, values that are admired but not always handsomely rewarded in American society and culture.
''They came with nothing,'' said the cousin, Azbije Sela, ''and now they have to start life again.''
While newcomers are swiftly integrated into the village's latticework of civic groups, they may long remain newcomers.
blood money,'' read one sign, as protesters walked somberly from the state capitol to the hotel singing ''We Shall Overcome.''
EAGLES 35 REDSKINS 28 Donovan McNabb threw for only 60 yards in his first N.F.L.
The company plans to eliminate about 1,000 products, representing a total of less than 2 percent of sales, it said.
Everyone, including the patient, ends up feeling a little better -- but not much, and not for long.
His most endearing client (Mr. Lee) is a warm, fuzzy billionaire computer nerd who loves to skateboard but finds it's lonely at the top.
It was sort of general.
Understandably, then, Miguel Rodriguez's anguish was real this week in Highbridge.
Testosterone, which helps build muscle mass and allows an athlete to train harder and longer, can also be produced artificially.
That is the bad thing about college basketball -- unless you win the national championship, it ends with a loss.
At 5 P.M., we turned our backs on the glacier and sailed back toward sunny skies and warmer weather.
Typically, he takes the helm himself as two forms of sonar are used: side scan and multibeam.
The company has spent millions on print and television advertising, event sponsorship and product placement for its high-priced 8860 cell phone, and at last September's Emmy awards, Nokia gave one to everyone who won or presented an award.
''Since the cold war ended, we have learned something quite wonderful,'' Mr. Clinton said, speaking of the American ties with Turkey.
He sold that stamp in November 1996 for $2.3 million (including his commission), after verifying that the yellow color was not due merely to the fading of a stamp that had originally been green.
To the pilots, American's handling of the Reno Air purchase was the latest in a series of deceitful moves aimed at squeezing more work out of them and eroding their job security.
I stumbled upon John McCain.
Judges Morton Greenberg and Walter Stapleton said it is the colleges, not the N.C.A.A., that are responsible for disbursing and using federal funds.
Without James, the fourth overall pick in the draft, the Colts had virtually no ground game and relied on five straight pass completions by Manning to get in range for a 47-yard field goal by Vanderjagt and a 3-0 lead in the first quarter.
Dr. Eckert and his wife, Haroldine Laugel Eckert, founded the Helpern Center for Forensic Sciences, a library and research center that was started in Wichita and later moved to the Jefferson Parish Forensic Center in Harvey, La.
Marty and Barbie Sass and Family
Even the Seaver Mets, you could see that team coming on, months ahead.
That is because the filings are likely to be aimed directly at the conclusions in Judge Jackson's findings of fact.
Program available later this month.
This is not true of string trios (violin, viola and cello).
The family brought a lawsuit seeking $1 million in damages against Hector Feliciano, an American writer who repeated some of those allegations in his book ''The Lost Museum.''
Fox also made a deal with affiliates to gain money to pay for the N.F.L.
5:54:45 29947 Bondanza, C, 28F .
''People moving out of caves is inevitable in the urbanization process,'' said Professor Shou.
The second-seeded Williams prevailed, 6-3, 3-6, 6-3, against the third-seeded Graf and will face Jana Novotna of the Czech Republic today.
NEW JERSEY Republicans -- Franks, Y; Frelinghuysen, Y; LoBiondo, Y; Roukema, Y; Saxton, Y; Smith, X. Democrats -- Andrews, Y; Holt, N; Menendez, N; Pallone, N; Pascrell, Y; Payne, N; Rothman, Y.
''We anticipate their return to Kosovo,'' he said.
His aides say that that approach would give districts greater flexibility.
It depends on the director and on the story.
His father sits on the State Supreme Court in Brooklyn.
''Me, I have to get into the whole act and go out there and beat the lid till they take off.
The groceries would arrive that afternoon, and my mother would tip the delivery boy a nickel (it was a long time ago).
Her mother, Janet Loos, is the president of the Wisconsin Humane Society.
But she continues to struggle with panic attacks, unpaid bills and barbs from co-workers and relatives who envy her achievements.
The family of a man who was fatally shot by police chasing him on a street in Ossining, in Westchester County, filed a lawsuit yesterday, likening his death to an ''execution.''
''When somebody is learning how to read, what you care about is comprehension.
When he was led to a police car, fans cheered.
ALTHOUGH farming has made fresh salmon available all year, wild salmon does have a season, and that season is now.
''You better be ready to make a play.
Same-store sales are a key indicator of a retailer's business because they exclude new, renovated and closed stores.
Richard L. McCormick, president of the University of Washington, confirmed Friday that the university was recruiting Dr.
Mr. Jones, who is from Long Island, served as assistant basketball coach for five seasons (1990-95) at his alma mater, Albany State.
In its May report, the committee mentioned it -- without identifying Mr. Keyworth -- as a cautionary example of the security risks that American scientists confront in dealing with China.
I respect him for being fair with me and telling me the things that I have to work on.''
Like credit cards that promise to give a sliver of whatever amount is charged to a favorite cause, these shop-for-a-cause Web sites are a new twist in Internet commerce, seeking to appeal to Americans' charitable side.
In past years, students were routinely promoted to the next grade regardless of their academic achievement.
In addition to Mr. Tsacrios, of Sarasota, he is survived by a sister, Carmen, of Panama.
Of the 8,049 hate crimes reported to the F.B.I.
A12 NEW YORK/REGION B1-8 Bull Runs Wild In Long Island City A bull escaped from an illegal rodeo in a Queens parking lot and charged through the streets of Long Island City before four police officers shot it dead in the parking lot of a housing project, the police said.
Gideon Patt, President and CEO Burton P. Resnick, Chairman of the Board Irwin Hochberg, National Campaign Chairman Howard Hirsch, Chairman, Metropolitan N.Y. Campaign MERKIN-Hermann.
''He would walk up to some little guy polishing something, and say: 'Wow, this is the best shine I've ever seen,' '' Mr. Levy said.
2:58:42 575 Hayes, P, 32M .
He told one man about the survey.
These include the killing of a leading clergyman, an attempt to kill a top Government official and Shiite rioting and a subsequent crackdown that may have involved bulldozing scores of homes and turning tanks on two towns.
Like the American artist Kara Walker, Mr. Ofili puts no stock in political correctness; he intends to push people's buttons and does so all around.
It enabled us to become dominant in the No.
But over a drink -- Evian, actually -- he said he did have regrets, particularly at leaving the old firm without discussing his decision with Mr. Squier.
Might this be related to the fact that the potential caseload for each investigator at the Labor Department increased from approximately 35,000 to approximately 124,300 from 1957 to 1995?
Sir Anthony kept his silence until 1967 when in his book ''No End of a Lesson'' he explained that backing the Suez action would have put him in the position of lying to the House of Commons and the United Nations.
''Men Cry Bullets'' opens today at the Angelika Film Center.
In Ivan's seven seasons, the Red Wings finished first six times and won the Stanley Cup three times.
NatWest hoped to hold out for $:16.50 ($26.49) a share and a larger cash component.
Computers in the inspection station automatically recognize the truck by scanning from a distance the prepass card mounted on the truck.
It's more than just winning the truck.''
It is bad enough now.
This is a strange way to go about designing a project, starting with the Vice President having a dream.''
The process took 11 months and the average rent is $45 a square foot per year, said Scott Resnick, executive managing director.
(AP) COLOMBIA: 8 MORE POLICEMEN SLAIN -- Marxist rebels killed at least eight police officers and a civilian in northern Colombia in an attack that reduced an entire square block of buildings to rubble in the mountain town of El Espino in Boyaca Province.
After that, local burdock becomes slightly bitter.
Learning Outcome: Crows apparently prefer to wash off garbage before eating it and to marinate dead mice and squirrels before returning to eat the plat du jour on the front lawn.
Yet they're trying to accomplish something that's impossible not to like.
(Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $22.)
''It's been good in some ways, because we know each other so well.
Pratt has about 13,500 employees in Connecticut and a total of 32,500 worldwide.
Look at the evil of the Nazis and the level of violence needed -- quite rightly -- to stop them.''
His current effort, which he described in a telephone interview from the road as the only pure rock-and-roll album he has ever made, is just as hard-hitting as the first four albums, both in musical style and in its judgment of American life, this time as it relates to religion.
Thus, Dr. Tester says, ''there's a potential for it to be a banner year'' for production of these young fish.
If, toward the end, its wrenching confrontation with great questions shies off into personal revelations that seem to reduce the cosmic to the convenient, nevertheless ''The Gathering'' stands as worthy, engaging, potent theater.
Doctors, hospitals, physical therapists, home health agencies, nursing homes and health maintenance organizations have deployed a small army of lobbyists, seeking to persuade Congress to rewrite or repeal parts of the 1997 law.
But he's in a position to do whatever he likes, even if it's a flimsy sentimental comedy with more product plugs and fewer laughs than might have been hoped for.
But the book's message is much easier to accept today, thanks to hindsight and the cast of murderous despots who have come along since, from Pol Pot to Slobodan Milosevic.
What's behind his blurting out that he would emerge as the undisputed world heavyweight champion tonight at Madison Square Garden by knocking out Lewis in the third round?
One neighbor, Sergio Gonzalez, a furniture salesman, said that about a year ago the police had been called to the house after a family fight.
''When Rapier is ready to go, we'll have our models available,'' he said.
Didi Pope, 30, a saleswoman for Xerox, came to find a present for her grandmother, Emma, and wound up buying several: a Proctor-Silex coffee maker, a set of four matching 14-ounce ceramic mugs and -- to complete the package -- a can of Maxwell House coffee, French roast.
''An act of futility,'' wrote Carl Rowan, the syndicated columnist, in a column published today.
And it showed the development of Duke Ellington, the icon.
We are not that presumptuous.
That backdrop accentuated the fast-paced, high-risk, moneyed world of high technology, a world very far away from the everyday experiences of the people attending from developing nations.
When we look at their furniture and listen to their music, we can imagine how exquisitely simple these apparitions must have been.
The mat smelled a little like cement when she slept on it, she said.
ruled against the U.S. laws banning tuna caught in nets that also catch dolphins.
Representative Dennis Hastert was sworn in today as the 51st Speaker of the House and offered his low-key, workhorse style as an antidote to the inflammatory politics that have paralyzed the Capitol.
Little or no money would be spent to start up full-scale production of the plane.
Within the fashion world, Mr. Galliano seems to reside in his own cul de sac, one season turning out romantic heroines in Poiret coats, the next cyberpunks in ''Matrix'' leathers.
Travelers on the train from Urocevac said there were about 200 people at the station in Kacanik, a town on the way south toward Macedonia, United Nations officials said.
Those political and legal clashes are not the only ones convulsing Turkey in the pre-election period.
Ting studied my sketch and Kors's, as I explained the concept.
''The average trucking company has a turnover rate of 100 percent annually,'' said Bob Costello, an economist at the American Trucking Associations.
The other talks' topics will be the New York Stock Exchange, which was designed by the architect George B.
A motel handyman who admitted to killing a naturalist at Yosemite National Park and three sightseers at the park has also confessed to sexually assaulting two of the victims, according to documents filed in Federal District Court today.
But Birdland moved to West 44th Street in 1997, and Augie's closed last August.
Mr. Bauer, for instance, said at the start of the debate that ''a Republican presidential nominee must be clear that his running mate will be pro-life.
The detection of four other such objects was reported separately by scientists at the California Institute of Technology and the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, both in Pasadena.
In his hands, they are no mere caricatures.
An initial public offering that sold at a hefty premium was DLJ Direct, a stock that will track the performance of the on-line brokerage division of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette.
Send them to ethicist@nytimes.com or The Ethicist, The New York Times Magazine, 229 West 43rd Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
It was a pleasant, warm summer morning, though inside in the air-conditioning it was cool.
Not to mention the company's chief executive, Lee Raymond.
Some Bradley supporters like Mr. Nadler say that Mr. Bradley has not responded forcefully enough.
It was Islam as understood by most Muslims, she says, before wild-eyed, medieval-minded sheiks and mullahs hijacked its sacred texts.
But John Mack, 46, a Republican, said he was glad that Mr. Rogan had ''stuck to his conservative guns.''
Templates for letterheads, envelopes and common consumer publications like calendars, greeting cards and newsletters are standard features on many word processing programs and simple desktop publishing packages.
It does not look, however, as if the Redskins have it in them.
To the Editor: Your Feb. 28 front-page article, ''Seeing Things,'' uses the word ''psychic'' as if there was actually some sort of factual basis for this so-called occupation.
The return of home rule is provided for in the peace agreement approved last April 10.
Although vocally less secure when singing softly, Ms.
TD Waterhouse Group Inc. said yesterday that its trading system was down for nearly two hours, preventing the more than one million investors who use the firm from trading stocks through its Web site.
''Do I think that the merger wave is having a psychological impact?
Senator John Ashcroft, a Republican whom Mr. Carnahan intends to challenge in the elections next year, criticized the Governor's decision.
The problem with comfort is that it's an all-or-nothing thing.
Balanchine allowed the male variation to be redone by dancers over the years and Mr. Samodurov's version, with its double turns in the air, was breathtaking in its perfect execution.
''Absolutely, absolutely,'' Mr. Bouteflika told reporters who asked whether he considered his election legitimate.
The law, passed last year, took away from judges the option of sentencing people to probation rather than prison for some violent crimes; critics said that would eventually mean longer terms.
Now Playing * ''AFTER LIFE,'' starring Arata, Taketoshi Naito and Erika Oda.
Today the figure is 7.5 percent; fully 1.5 percentage points of that gain has come since the Asian crisis began.
He could have been sentenced to 12 1/2 to 25 years upon conviction after trial.
It's not too early to be thinking about spring cleaning of my own.
Funeral services are on Sunday 12 noon Schwartz Brothers-Jeffer Memorial Chapels, Queens Boulevard at 76th Road, Forest Hills.
''We are going to make some changes that need to be made,'' Mr. Cortines said, but added that results could take five to eight years.
''A project of that scale in New York City would cost 5 to 10 times that much.''
In New York, for example, bookmaking is illegal, but placing a bet with a bookie is not.
Actually, Mr. Bush may be the nominee even if this scenario does come to pass.
Among the track's defenders is the actor Paul Newman, who made a second career out of auto racing and drove at Bridgehampton in the late 1960's.
''Maybe Stoney stepped back too far, but I didn't get out of there at all.''
Not many saltwater fish make it past 8 or 10.
All of America's big, multinational banks could face substantial headaches if ill-considered loans go sour in a slowing domestic economy.
Burger started every Jet game last season, but his pass protection was suspect.
He and his wife have two children.
His design team made its mark early with a face lift for the venerable ''Z''-series sports car, plus significant design suggestions for the first, immensely successful Pathfinder sport utility.
People involved in the discussions between individual Web sites and record companies have said the royalty percentages being asked by the labels range as high as 15 percent of a site's gross revenues.
''This is a supreme court of impeachment,'' Mr. Harkin said in the chaotic hubbub outside the Senate, insisting that a District Court had no authority to influence the question of possible trial witnesses when the Senate court had primacy under the Constitution and planned to deal with the witness issue next week.
He began by serving Champagne and hors d'oeuvres in the street.
Nor much luck with the officials.
His book adds more than a few thin layers, and some generous-sized hints.
She will be loved and with us always.
Tommy G. Thompson of Wisconsin.
Some locals used mail ballots, some held votes at membership meetings, and some put ballot boxes at work sites.
-- and you are bound to hear them playing can-you-top-this, in tones that range from irritation to outrage.
Similar meetings are being held all over the country, but the difference at the Spirit Farm 4-H Club is that all the members have cerebral palsy or another physical or mental disability.
The works on hand cover a lot of ground in terms of styles and generations, from a soft toilet by Claes Oldenburg and a drooping felt sculpture by Robert Morris, through one of Robert Longo's signature drawings of a falling man to works by Peter Garfield, Tim Hawkinson, Ernesto Neto and Nancy Davidson.
It works like this: Each Sunday, The News publishes eight scratch-off cards, two for use on Sunday, and one each for Monday through Saturday.
The railroad has already added diesel coaches provided in the last capital plan to its fleet.
The lottery agency also adopted a Powerball action plan, to be implemented when the jackpot passes $100 million, to encourage out-of-state players to travel farther into Connecticut, where the lines are shorter.
So they were literally swooping in on these people who were living very traditionally and not just taking part of the herd but were assassinating the herds.
Although the impeachment issue is hardly the only reason for the record-shattering pace of campaign fund-raising, which has given huge windfalls to both major parties, some fund-raisers and political analysts say it is still a factor in their election strategies.
Yet another attribute the breeders seek is disease resistance, which is one of the reasons they are so partial to Sweet Charlie, which was named for the late Dr. Charles Howard, the hybridizer who came up with it.
Several paintings in its collection that had been out of sight for years were rehung this week in prominent places.
Mrs. Alvarado, 28, is an intensive care nurse at New York Presbyterian Hospital.
Mr. Pataki has used his clemency power at about the same rate as his predecessor, Mario M. Cuomo, a Democrat who granted it to 35 people in 12 years.
Speculation centered last week on Senator Connie Mack, Republican of Florida, who has said only that he would make an announcement at the appropriate time about his plans.
(+) 12 15 2 BLUE AT THE MIZZEN, by Patrick O'Brian.
In Florida there is such a law, and some have questioned whether Florida violated this law when it hired its lawyers in the tobacco litigation.
's New York public affairs office on Thursday to verify the report, but he was told that the TV Guide report was erroneous, Ms. Andersen said yesterday, and that the F.A.A.
Using the system is free with a regular membership.
Magic had become science, science had become magic, anything was possible, and the future was ours.''
''That will give us traffic flow results.
The flexibility is largely in the parterre floor, with a system of sectional lifts that allow for either an end stage (with or without an orchestra pit), a center stage or a flat floor with no stage.
Mr. Shain, who had been embroiled in divorce proceedings and was charged with harassment, a non-felony, after a dispute with his wife, charged that he was a victim of excessive force at the jail and that he was unconstitutionally strip-searched.
Mr. Hickey was charged with assault, menacing and harassment.
In a report that made the Asian crisis seem like a distant memory, Hong Kong said today that its economy grew 4.5 percent in the third quarter of this year.
Sadly, this may be your situation.
In fact, the museum store, long known as ''Bloomingdale's North'' for its aggressive retailing, had been carrying T-shirts for about a decade.
The other Rocky Mount banking star, William B. Harrison Jr., became chief executive of Chase Manhattan, the nation's third-largest bank, on June 1.
or the Drug Enforcement Administration.
Mr. Giuliani explained that the 850 cadets who graduate from the Police Academy next month will be used to expand the antidrug activities, particularly in Queens and the Bronx.
Auto executives and antitrust lawyers say that consolidating the ownership of a single auto maker's dealerships and setting common prices is ethical and legal, although half the states put some limits on manufacturers' ownership of dealerships.
But with a projected development cost of more than $5 billion, experts question whether the investment would be worth it.
''We're not business, we're not I.T., we're not a policy whip magazine.''
At a recent event sponsored by the New York Institute of Technology, Henry Louis Gates Jr., chairman of Afro-American studies at Harvard and co-editor of the Encarta Africana series, said that part of the solution to ''cybersegregation'' was to provide content that would draw blacks to the technology.
Public opinion in favor of the air war has been slipping in Germany at the same time that pacific strains in German politics are resurgent.
The dollar slid as United States stocks and bonds tumbled.
We played a hard, physical, good forechecking game.''
The men and women who won the election were working in the factory today and could not be reached for comment; Mr. Hopp, who installs side windows on the assembly line, had the day off today, partly because his work schedule this year includes 32 Saturdays without overtime pay.
Given the corruption and general lack of accountability, though, farmers were never sure what the planes were releasing.
A more sympathetic viewer might reply that a preoccupation with control is only to be expected in a filmmaker so keenly aware of the underlying drift in human affairs.
The alumni affairs office, which had become dormant, has been revived.
Their rate of diabetes is more than 50 percent higher.
The low-flying Apaches are used to destroy tanks, and General Clark said it ''won't be too long'' before they were put into action against Serbian forces.
One such house, beside Madison Square, served as the headquarters of Gen. William Tecumseh Sherman, who ended his march to the sea here near the close of the Civil War, sparing Savannah but burning down dozens of other cities in Georgia and South Carolina.
The Division I basketball record for successive losses is 37 games, by the Citadel in the 1954-55 season.
To quell the scuttlebutt, Ms. Williams held a ''State of the Village'' forum recently, advising of her marital dissolution and the status of the multicultural private school that has catered to the needs of the minority community for 20 years.
But the force is already trying to look beyond a three-year interim deal toward the surest path for independence.
''They do it very well for you.''
And anyway, for all of China's illicit acquisitions, the Chinese military stubbornly refuses to improve.
All right, I say, open your notebooks.
A legislator from the United Torah Judaism Party entered the committee room.
She can hear Democrats predict she would win, and Republicans call her a ''carpetbagger,'' a word that probably hasn't been uttered so much in one week since Reconstruction.
Among other changes under discussion are imposing a tighter curfew on camp residents, transferring troublemakers to shelters in the city and raising the minimum age to as high as 55 from 32.
Unlike the usual friendly looking toys, these are snarling, baring their teeth or just looking mischievous.
The winnowing of their numbers has been chiefly a matter of the food supply exceeding demand; technological advances, from tractors to computers, have allowed each acre of land to produce more and more bushels of grain.
Earlier this year, Episcopal Health Services announced a number of cost-cutting measures, including 250 job cuts and the closing of a medical center, in an effort to reduce a $30 million debt.
The United Nations, the United States and Britain, which oversaw the peace talks, could have applied more pressure to get a tougher deal against the rebels, Mr. Takirambudde added.
1'' for organ; music for choir: ''God Rest Ye Merry, Gentlemen'' by Philip Keon, ''Ding!
But in a business whose lead times are far longer than most magazines, Ms. Lauder has to function like a medium, channeling style signals six months to a year before they appear on the runways.
Baseball has been irate for 16 months over ESPN's plan to shift three Sunday night games in September to ESPN2 in favor of National Football League games.
VERNA GILLIS Accord, N.Y., Nov. 23, 1999
The cages are part of a study of grasshoppers being conducted by a student at the Yale School of Forestry.
Output fell about 25 percent in October and November from the corresponding period a year earlier, he said.
There are images of unity and disunity as well as fragmentary solos suddenly replaced by unison dancing.
Through Waste Management and other companies, New York already supplies 60 percent of Virginia's imported trash, said State Senator William T. Bolling, a leader in his state's battle to stem the rising tide of garbage.
For many, this standout comes at the right moment, serving as an antidote to chardonnay fatigue.
Explaining consciousness, they assume, will turn out to be no more of a philosophical problem than explaining life -- as interlocking whorls of chemistry.
As has been typical with her visits to New York, Mrs. Clinton did not arrange a news conference.
With that thought fueling an if-they-can-do-it-I-can-do-it attitude, I set my sights on the highest peak.
Under the agreement, Oracle will provide an Internet-based technology platform and E-commerce support services for Chinabyte, an Internet content provider begun by PDN.
The children have the whole outdoors as a playground, plus animals to play with.
''They're mostly architectural,'' he said.
But Western leaders said Russia's attacks were killing its own people.
But if you want ice, you can choose among graphic representations of ''ice grains, small, frozen raindrops,'' ''ice granules,'' ''ice needles'' and ''ice, many signs for assembled.''
At Independence Hall in Philadelphia, 2,900 tourists trooped through today, carrying their water bottles.
In partnership with BC Rail, (800) 339-8752, the five-night Totem Circle Rail and Cruise package is being offered through Sept. 28.
It could result in significant reductions in pollution, congestion and accidental death from auto and plane crashes.
If they stop to think about it, the Iowa players are already feeling deprived over the pending departure of their coach, Dr. Tom Davis, whose contract is running out.
(I daydream a Pulitzer Prize for Second-Best Poetry, for Second-Best American Short Stories.
Admission: $10; the elderly, veterans, reservists and ages 12 to 17, $7.50; ages 6 to 11, $5; ages 2 to 5, $1; under 2, free; wheelchair patrons, half price.
Health policy experts said the cost of Mr. Gore's plan would probably exceed $5 billion a year.
''We're close, but we've got different things going,'' Lindros said.
Mr. Hamm says, ''I had to .
Roscoe Lynn Egger Jr. was born on Sept. 19, 1920, in Jackson, Mich.
Also survived by many cousins.
Congress, as a condition of appropriating the American dues, has insisted that the United Nations' regular budget not increase.
''It has definitely been a year to remember,'' Webb said.
However, Zeno of Elea was only one of many.
Jesse Ventura, the independent from Minnesota, a former wrestler with whom he talked at length about wrestling.
Still allowed, apparently, are milk campaign ads, the ones with the moustaches, also admired by the 11-year-old set.
Duquesne closed to 24-14 with 5 minutes 23 seconds remaining in the first half, but Illinois went on another run and ended the half with a 36-20 lead.
PAGE A8 140 Killings in Colombia A Colombian has confessed to killing 140 children over five years, a prosecutor said.
So I hope we will keep asking the question ''Does it work?''
Though Mr. Cherne shared Senator McCarthy's antipathy toward communism and its proponents, he strongly challenged and scorned McCarthyism's demagogic methods and contempt for truth and civil rights.
Farmers often have to clear their fields of big stones.
Lafarge and Blue Circle have already examined Halla's finances in advance of a possible purchase, said Kim Kyung Yong, a spokesman for Halla Group, which became insolvent in late 1997.
is designed to give console games a portable dimension.
When they withdrew on April 7, the Milsteins agreed not to sue the league in return for its promise to recover a $30 million non-recoverable deposit they paid the Cooke estate.
But custom dictates that a bereaved son not leave the neighborhood for 40 days.
''I will report to you that the good news is that the rich people and the business people still like us,'' he said.
They kept battling for baskets after he lost his bid for a fourth term in 1994; he found a new home court in Manhattan while the aides found new jobs.
''Ordinarily, there's very little movement and you're just getting up here on retirement,'' Everitt said.
They are eager to retrieve the obscure recordings that justify expanding greatest-hits collections into the boxed sets that have become fixtures of the holiday market.
But confusion, fueled by wit and energy, can be a tonic, and that's the general feeling here.
Does the camp have a water safety or progressive swimming instructor to assess the swimming ability of each camper?
We still need him to be a part of the lifeblood of the cultural environment.
''You're writing a story about Gore talking about lots of popular issues.
COLLEGE OF NEW JERSEY ''A Woman of No Importance,'' by Oscar Wilde.
But with the devaluation, Brazil's tax is similar to that of its neighbors: Venezuela charges $29, Ecuador $25 and Argentina $23.50.
But when is the country's leading architect going to get a shot at the skyline?
In 1991, the large bronze main doors closed forever.
Sampras, who switched to a one-handed backhand at Fischer's behest, the better to create a bolder, modern-day version of his stylistic role model, Rod Laver, continued to stake his claim to being remembered as the greatest player to grace the game in this or any generation.
Bear, Stearns & Co. New Jersey Higher Educational Assistance Authority, $62 million of debt securities.
Edith Wharton lived on Madison Square Park at one time; Theodore Roosevelt did, too.
His advice, counsel and dedication to equal rights ensures him a special place in our hearts and he will be missed by all who have been part of his life.
''We just had a great victory for campaign finance reform, and I hate to embrace the very next day a weaker bill,'' he said.
The city's lobbyists here in the Capitol have been circulating a memo urging lawmakers to pass legislation that would allow the city to force Con Edison to pay for additional public services provided during the blackout.
In the old days, before the 1975-1991 civil war, Beirut was sometimes known as the Paris of the Middle East.
How can you resist him when he shows you jasmine pearl, pale green tips of tea that have been dried among fresh jasmine blossoms and that have traveled all the way from China?
It is likelier that Berlin will maintain status quo: a cultural life of rich diversity, tempered, at least in classical music and opera, with an overriding aftertaste of mediocrity.
I don't mind saying, ''I don't know.''
''I got involved in everything originally because I believed in democracy with a little d,'' he said.
Financing for the $7 million project is coming from Funding Solutions, a real estate investment concern in Greenwich, Conn. Sterling owns the parking lot site and is under contract to buy the other properties as well as air rights from nearby brownstones.
And he's a good football player.''
Consider the other macho types applying for nips and tucks and liposuction.
Despite the potential for horrendous traffic congestion, some van drivers could not contain their glee.
We just didn't make it all the way.
''All of a sudden I get a call from out of the blue from His Holiness,'' Mr. Sternberg said, still marveling at the incident.
The fire was put out by 5:10 p.m., but because the railroads had to have workers coordinate the movements of trains, service did not resume until about 7:45 p.m., and then only on some tracks.
In return he is to put her up in a suite at the Four Seasons Hotel at $1,700 a night.
According to what educators call ''type theory,'' based on the work of the Swiss psychoanalyst Carl Jung, individuals process information primarily in one of two ways: through the senses or through intuition.
He settled in Harlem and found jobs in midtown garment factories or at Times Square cinemas.
But Mr. Rivard expressed disappointment with the course of the criminal investigation that has followed.
''We will not sell Volvo's car division,'' he said.
Some German managers have been fretting that American executives have too much influence, and DaimlerChrysler executives use this to suggest that the merger must therefore be striking an appropriate balance between the two nationalities.
Among those supporting him was Don Zimmer, an old friend and a Yankee coach, who is a Steinbrenner employee but a Williams ally.
Looking back, in the age of gay pride, one of the most intriguing aspects of Coward's life is his steadfast refusal to acknowledge his homosexuality publicly.
If possible, toss with about 1/2 cup of torn Thai basil leaves.
Her new focus on political advocacy might have jeopardized Cassandra's tax-exempt status had she stayed, she said.
So many questions were raised about how the confession was obtained that jurors decided it was too unreliable and threw it out.
''Anything after that is added value,'' Ms. Ham said.
Chancellor Rudy Crew removed five district superintendents last summer, largely on the basis of their failure to improve students' test scores.
He also said he had not spoken to Mr. Brennan about staying on the board.
When Mr. Anderson and Mr. Wilson graduated from college, they were already hard at work on the script for ''Bottle Rocket,'' which was conceived, as Mr. Wilson puts it, ''as a 'Mean Streets' where the streets aren't so mean.''
Martin S. Walker, chairman of Walker Communications, a magazine consulting firm, said the decision to publish less frequently ''sounds like a last gasp.''
PAGE A13 Clinton, From the Chat Room President Clinton, who says he is technologically challenged when it comes to computers, became the first president to participate in a live Internet chat.
As a guide in following the debate, here is a primer describing the basics of the program, its problems and its politics and what the President and the Republicans in Congress want to do about it.
The Court claims that its decision today merely refuses to recognize a fundamental right to engage in homosexual sodomy; what the Court really has refused to recognize is the fundamental interest all individuals have in controlling the nature of their intimate associations with others.''
He helped oversee the bank's 1998 merger with Nationsbank and worked in Britain in the 1970's and 1980's.
She has also fenced off the word gossip, at least for use in perfumes and cosmetics.
This year he did not dissuade her.
While the stone is now safe with one of the house's trustees, Mr. Maynard fears for the Cole house itself.
But when I requested a raise, my boss declined, saying that if she gave me one, she would have to give all my co-workers one, too.
''Yet, we do not deny that such actions do improve the reputation of Baltika.''
To put Nomo's outing in perspective, it took Reed just 83 pitches this afternoon to throw eight innings against the Los Angeles Dodgers' Class AAA Albuquerque affiliate.
In a statement tonight, President Thabo Mbeki of South Africa, who has been mentioned as a possible mediator in the dispute, urged the parties ''to accept the elections outcome, which has been declared free and fair by the Mozambican National Electoral Commission and the International Observer Mission.''
An apparently simple task, like the use of a 15-second film clip of Elvis Presley singing ''Hound Dog'' on ''The Ed Sullivan Show,'' might require licensing from the publisher of the song, the owner of the master recording, a representative of Elvis's estate, the owner of the rights to ''The Ed Sullivan Show'' and everyone in the Jordanaires, Elvis's back-up singers.
Many of the town's clapboard and stone houses had home-made ''Bradley for President'' signs on their trim lawns.
Two of the state's more congested traffic circles in Camden County, the Collingswood Circle at the intersection of Routes 130 and 30, and the Berlin Circle at the intersection of Routes 73 and 30, will be the next to go.
He said the department had also hired a consultant to develop ways to improve its radio paging system, and that it would also look into a different kind of sirens.
In one document, the prosecutors assert that a parole staff employee was told by a superior that Rabbi Perlmutter was someone who could deliver votes and therefore should be listened to on inmate releases.
''Oh boy,'' said a 5-year-old girl, pointing out an ostrich egg weighing three and a quarter pounds in contrast to hummingbird eggs less than one-hundreth of an ounce, then moving on to explore a case of hanging nests, built like deep cradles so that when the wind blows the eggs won't tip out.
They go back to their cells, and the guards fill out paperwork, willing to bet that the beef is not over.
''I was so aware of my Italian-sounding name when I was younger,'' she said.
A salad of roasted root vegetables turns out to be an odd combination of heavy roots like squash, sweet potatoes and carrots around a silly little fluff of salad sprouts.
It could require that Microsoft publish specifications for the Windows application program interfaces -- or A.P.I.
The Pirates took an early lead by aggressively challenging St. Patrick's 6-foot-11-inch center, Samuel Dalembert.
Snorkeling, I felt my wedding ring slip my finger.
But Mr. Ricard, with his deep knowledge of science and European thought, can argue his points from within the Western tradition, and that is what gives this conversation its special promise.
Players have insisted all week that in match play, anything can happen.
The artifacts themselves have been cleaned and beautifully reordered, and if the light that pours in through the skylights, for the first time in more than 50 years, isn't actually Mediterranean, it is revealing enough to let us see the Mediterranean light that seems latent in the esthetic clarity of these objects.
You can compare your performance against other people's -- if you're a hotshot fictional day trader, you can be ranked (imagine a high-score board on E*Trade).
Officials said the fire erupted about 3:35 A.M. at 28 West Hills Road, near Jericho Turnpike, and spread quickly through the two-story, white-shingle house, which had been subdivided into five apartments, each occupied by 5 to 10 people.
Ms. Wright, a problem-solver, will work with anyone who can help.
You don't just look at this show.
The Pentagon has scheduled two more tests of the system for next spring, before the president makes his decision in June.
1 player, said: ''I can't name names, but I see a lot of guys playing a lot of weeks in a row and jumping around fresh and crazy and knowing that it's undetectable in our tests.
Again there was an invented narrator-character, adding another worldly layer of commentary.
There is no evidence that the camps do any good, Mr. McComb said.
An intimate flamenco show, full of passion and humor, at an intimate space that serves tapas and wine.
We're just south of New Orleans on Lake Salvador, with the rising sun behind us and the setting moon ahead, when it occurs to me that my life could be in danger.
While the crowd and the officers in Times Square were jovial, the serious business of securing the city moved into high gear.
A film review by Janet Maslin, page 13.
AFTER three years of declining fortunes, Silicon Graphics Inc. is placing a big bet today as it introduces a line of work stations built around Intel chips and Microsoft software.
''It has a real sense of style at a good price,'' he said.
Any review of a performance of ''Boris Godunov'' has to start with a description of just what it contains and an evaluation of the performers' textual choices before the quality of the performance can even be broached.
He noted, however, that work is being done on just one model suite on one of the upper floors, pending determination of the building's use.
This band's modesty leaves room for grace.
One explanation for the rise in the uninsured is the shift of people from welfare to work.
''The community really came together last year,'' said Neyda Martinez, a spokeswoman for El Museo del Barrio (last year's event is pictured above).
GOVERNMENT: Town Supervisor (Thom Kleiner, Democrat) elected to a 2-year term and 4 Town Council members elected to 4-year terms.
A12 Adviser Is Reshaping Gore Vice President Al Gore has been paying Naomi Wolf, the feminist author, thousands of dollars a month to help him become more dominating and improve his image as a leader.
Ms. Feltingoff seemed badly shaken after the accident and declined to comment to reporters.
For ordinary citizens, Africanized bees can be a severe annoyance, and there have been a handful of fatalities, including a 72-year-old man who was attacked and killed two years ago in his mobile home in Casa Grande, Ariz.
Most analysts say he should have cut costs much sooner -- and several say that Mr. Carp would have liked to do so.
In response, one palace official said, the King reportedly pulled off his fake beard to reveal his real, stubbly and black one.
Both exhibitions continue through Sept. 19.
In discussing Mr. Morgenthau's record, the article referred to his ''unsuccessful prosecution'' of the Bank of Credit and Commerce International.
''Chris Dudley wants to play more,'' Van Gundy said.
What beyond stubbornness drives Janet Reno, losing professional respect and her own health, to cling to office longer than any Attorney General this century?
Woman (carefully enunciating): ''No oil.''
Memorial donations may be sent to his children's Alma Mater, St. Luke's School, 487 Hudson Street, New York, New York 10014.
Antipasti, all variations of salad, like baby spinach with grilled chicken, walnuts and mustard dressing or tuna carpaccio with mango, fresh tomatoes and chive sauce, are beautifully arranged and nicely spiced.
''Of course, when you're accepting all comers, it's the one out of a thousand that's going to be that diamond,'' Mr. Coppola said.
''On the eve of the new millennium, the German judiciary has disposed of another explosive waste product,'' said Ulrich Sieber, a law professor who prepared much of Compuserve's defense.
No one questions the need to emphasize computers in education these days.
Victor Homola (NYT) THE AMERICAS MEXICO: PARTY LEADER ACCUSED -- Roberto Madrazo, a former governor who is seeking the governing party's presidential nomination, demanded the resignation of the party chief, Jose Gonzalez Fernandez, accusing him of collaborating quietly with Francisco Labastida, a former Interior Minister who is Mr. Madrazo's main rival in the primary race.
People were drawn to the music, gathering around the dancers, standing in a circle around the fountain plaza, swaying in time to the beat and picking out their favorites and joining in themselves.
''Afghanistan has become an empty hole for them.''
I was very nervous, probably more nervous than he was.''
''The fact that they didn't indicates that Visa and its member banks have made their peace with Citigroup leaving.''
On the third spacewalk, set for Friday, Mr. Smith and Mr. Grunsfeld are to replace a failed radio transmitter and install a new data recorder, which stores information on computer chips instead of the tape reels of the unit it replaces.
To the Editor: Re ''Colt's to Curtail Sale of Handguns'' (front page, Oct. 11): When the Colt's Manufacturing Company made the decision to curb their production of many civilian handguns, it tacitly confirmed what many in the violence prevention community have long believed: this country has a problem with guns, and one source of that problem is gun makers.
His view of the importance of a country's political culture in the success of democracy, and not just its constitution and formal institutions, was very influential among political scientists in the United States and abroad, beginning in the 1960's, said Walter F. Murphy, who retired in 1995 as the McCormick Professor of Jurisprudence in Princeton's department of politics.
Friday and Saturday at 8 P.M. Tickets: $10; $8 for the elderly and students.
After a moment of bemused silence, one reporter piped up sardonically, ''Why not?''
What gives her recent success a significance beyond her own career is that she was cast in a substantial role at all.
Charlie Muller of Brightwaters carved a five-foot duplicate of an Erie Canal packet boat.
On the lower of these floors a dance floor-size square of glass allows views of the river beneath.
I am still enthusiastic about what I do in the art world.
The young man gave a puzzled look and asked, ''That's like a waltz, isn't it?''
In the early 1990's, many insurance companies began paying only for 24-hour hospital stays for vaginal deliveries.
He settled on the keyboard.
The university and the Pataki administration have argued that the hospitals should be given more flexibility in decision-making and be allowed to compete better with private hospitals.
In 1995, the company was acquired by Hauser Chemical Research of Boulder, Colo. At that time, it had a professional staff of more than 100 people and worked with many manufacturers and marketers that were among the nation's 500 largest industrial companies.
And it still won best of show?''
Online donors receive a free trial subscription to the crossword puzzle of The New York Times on the Web.
Hours: Mondays and Wednesdays, noon to 9 P.M.; Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays, noon to 5 P.M. Closter Public Library, 280 High Street, Closter.
The excerpts from Scarlatti's felicitous ''Endimione e Cintia'' involved the guest vocalists plus 14 instrumentalists.
Allied is a leading supplier of aircraft engines and controls, braking systems for planes and trucks, and specialty chemicals.
There are hints of the Maghreb.
''You never know when they're going to put those skills to use.
They were the sound of vocal harmonies, companionship turned into discipline and beauty.
Stern followed Reinsdorf to the lectern and said: ''I disagree with Jerry.
In lieu of flowers, contributions to the Catholic Near East Welfare Association, 1011 1st Avenue, NY, NY 10022 would be appreciated.
The letter describes Mr. Belfort as ''a drug addict''; his lawyer, Gregory J. O'Connell, said Mr. Belfort is ''a recovering addict who has been in recovery for several years'' without any relapses.
I didn't so much notice my filmmaking, but how my personal life could use some bandages.''
Had companies merely stuck with mainstream science, and not overstated the case, both they and the public would be better off.
Still, league officials say they are not worried about the prospect of costly litigation.
Others represent tiny, isolated figures, often prisoners, and some are close-ups of a woman's body, typically traversed by a telephone wire whose shadow falls across her skin.
''I used to urge him to return to law school,'' Judge Newman said, recalling how he told his friend, ''You won't get far in politics that way.''
Clemens threw 125 pitches in the first seven innings, and Torre almost never allows a pitcher to go much beyond 120.
All each player received was a $5,000 stipend.
Dressed in old world hiking gear (knickers, tweed jacket, necktie and floppy hat), Mr. Land trudges through the woods with a shotgun slung over his shoulder as the glorious strains of Beethoven's ''Pastorale'' fill the air.
One part of the district has earned the nickname Multimedia Gulch.
He is survived by his partner, Bruce Webber, of New York; his mother, Jane Hart, of Zelienople, PA; and his brother, James Hart, of Palmyra, PA. Vigil prayers and visitation, St. Bartholomew's Church, Park Avenue at 51st Street, Monday, July 5, 6-8PM.
Canadian Airlines stockholders have until Tuesday to accept Air Canada's $63 million offer.
''We're not negotiating this,'' he said.
Mr. Bingham helped pluck one writer, Lion Feuchtwanger, from outside a prison camp and drove Mr. Feuchtwanger to his home, insisting he dress as a woman to disguise himself for two months until he could escape.
The surfaces of Mr. Barquet's big canvases are layered and aggressively scraped and have found objects like fishing weights attached; at best they are imbued with poetic imagery, as in a picture of silhouetted children gazing up at Platonic cubes hovering in the sky (Johnson).
France upset Spain as Sandrine Testud defeated Arantxa Sanchez Vicario for the third straight time, 6-1, 6-3, and then teamed with Guillaume Raoux to defeat Sanchez Vicario and Carlos Moya, 7-5, 7-5, in mixed doubles.
On permanent display is ''American Numismatic Design: 1892-1922.''
The flakes spawned what in 1922 became the Kellogg Company and established Battle Creek as the cereal capital of the world.
He also gave his glass an iridescent sheen by exposing it while still hot to metallic fumes.
To the Editor: Oh, please!
One way to understand this, and to see how bizarre was the panic of August 1998, is to imagine a world with two kinds of dollars, blue dollars and red dollars.
Other than that, the prettiest and most comprehensive site was www .nelsonsguides.co.za, which is produced by a Cape Town company that publishes pocket guides handed out free in hotels.
To start with, we get a composite idea of the physical Diaghilev -- large and handsome, with the white streak in his dark hair (he beat Susan Sontag to it), always exquisitely dressed, soft hands, with a ''sort of funny rolling gait,'' according to his greatest ballerina, Tamara Karsavina.
In Mr. Choppa's office here hangs a lithograph by Francoise Gilot, the widow of Dr. Jonas Salk, marking the 50th anniversary in 1988 of the organization's annual walkathon.
The company, he wrote, ''is wealthier than any other corporation in the world,'' conveying more people in a year than inhabit all of Scotland, and carrying goods that exceed the annual trade of Belgium and Portugal combined.
'' Strawberry said: ''I can play, that's not a question.
''We can't go into the game with our primary thinking being to avoid foul trouble, because then we're not going to be effective.
That validation was important because there were doubts about the Falashas' brand of Judaism.
The themes may seem more suited for adults in midlife crisis than 3-year-olds resisting bedtime, but these are the buzzwords of an evolving movement to develop and offer formal lessons in the ABC's of feelings to children under 5.
But, surprisingly, you failed to point out that the origin of this disastrous proposal was in the Pataki administration.
Their first act was playful until Ms. Tuttle's startling mad scene, full of rage.
Raymond Glen Helmick, a Roman Catholic priest from Boston; Bishop Marshall L. Meadors Jr., of the United Methodist Church in Jackson, Miss.
Given those numbers, it is not surprising that in a recent Forrester survey of 50 Internet companies, more than two-thirds said they viewed opt-in E-mail messages as ''important'' or ''very important'' to their marketing efforts.
Most writers write too much.
''This is a dream come true to be here.''
It can't be her, she's too light.'
He was the mentor of them all.
It's the same thing with the Clintons.
We're certainly much better off than we were five years ago, when jobs were racing South.''
With their virtuosic imaginative leaps (''Library'' features a brilliantly imagined, pitch-perfect re-creation of the diary of a 1920's career diplomat), precocious intellectual sweep and complicated, unsentimental moral vision, those novels had the unmistakable feel of real literature -- and, hence, had little in common with so many American gay novels of the 80's with their simplistically political I-Am-What-I-Am messages, tidily packaged in triumphant coming-out narratives.
In the meantime, 145 refugees applied for the program.
Hours: Mondays through Fridays, 9 A.M. to noon and 1 to 4:30 P.M. Gruss Center of Visual Arts, Lawrenceville School, Lawrenceville.
Duval and Woods conceded the par to Westwood and the match as well, and the United States ended the day seeing its best two players beaten.
''I'm proud to be a cancer survivor and I'm proud to do this, I really am,'' he said.
''That's where the danger lies, if they don't realize that the context has changed, that the rules of the game have changed.
He graduated from the University of Rochester.
And as Mr. Smith so affectingly reveals, Mr. Borchardt's hopes really do hang in the balance.
But they've got to get onto it or Amazon.com is going to become the retailer of the year 2000.
Finally, there are excerpts from Berlioz's ''Romeo and Juliet.''
Said one American League scout: ''You see him learning how to pull the ball more and more, and when he does, he'll hit 30 to 40 home runs a year.''
Microsoft's management believed that, no matter what the firm did, Internet Explorer would not capture a large share of browser usage as long as it remained markedly inferior to Navigator in the estimation of consumers.
The Russian envoy, former Prime Minister Viktor S. Chernomyrdin, left Belgrade late tonight saying that Mr. Milosevic had agreed to an ''international presence in Kosovo under United Nations auspices,'' to implement any political settlement.
Among the most politically popular proposals was a requirement for gun-free zones around city schools, the first of the 14 revisions listed altogether on the ballot as Proposition 2, which voters had to vote for or against as an entire package.
(This year's one smart lady: Elizabeth Dole.)
Texas, $50 million of revenue housing bonds.
Here is a selective listing by critics of The Times of new or noteworthy movies and film series playing this weekend in New York City.
Security guards fired immediately and some journalists said at least one photographer was injured.
Mr. Mohajerani is accused of following a liberal policy toward the press, book publishing and the arts.
Praised by Russian critics, the film is warm, sometimes humorous, but not sentimental.
Armed with the survey results, Mr. Sexton said his group would consider ways to accommodate the area's many foreign visitors, perhaps by hiring more multilingual personnel.
The crostini topped with Dungeness crab meat was oddly fussy, with aioli mayonnaise, red peppers and Anaheim peppers that canceled out the crab.
One fell in front of the lead tractor and the other, she said, hit it directly.
Within the tribe, where most decisions are made by councils composed of men, the progression from subsistence agriculture to private business has created two camps.
''It brings back good memories every time I play here,'' said Montgomerie, who is trying to finish No.
Moves like these by the Baltic States help explain why Russia reacts with such anger to suggestions that those states might be invited to join NATO.
Mr. Giuliani told reporters later that he had tried to explain the slow pace of careful justice.
''There are times when resistance just for the sake of resistance makes no sense,'' Enrique Capriles, 27, a Copei deputy and the speaker of the lower house, said in explaining the legislature's action.
Sweet onions like Walla Walla or Sweet Spanish can be left in place; they don't store well, anyway.
AS anyone with a vegetable garden knows, there is nothing like fresh peas eaten straight from the pod.
But he is still fascinated with the idea of portable sound.
Knowing now how to get to every New York suburb at every hour of the day, she turns her back and heads toward the subway.
''In upscale buildings that are short on closet space, you can get even more money.
To the Sports Editor: As usual, coverage of Boston Red Sox victories, no matter how impressive and unexpected, is kept to a bare minimum by New York sportswriters and every word offered up with gall and wormwood.
The 25-year-old skier, third in the World Cup overall standing, twisted and nearly fell during her second run Saturday.
Shares of Lilly fell 81.25 cents, to $73.
One German soldier was reportedly wounded in the clash.
Mr. Emrick said he considered his company to be in the category of ''Y2K ready with limited exceptions,'' even though the Energy Department does not.
Postwar Zigzag Given Berlin's pivotal place in the cold war, people are naturally looking to this city for signs of the contours a post-cold-war world might assume.
It was like a job, the job of curing myself.
What to make of this mayor who started the garbage war against New York City?
And net income in the fourth quarter last year dipped to $1.6 million from $7.6 million in the third.
The White House strategy over the last few years has been to propose as many initiatives as it can stuff into its budget and then negotiate hard to force the Republican Congress to include a few of them in the final tax and spending laws passed at the end of the session.
As the story goes, only the quick reflexes of the general's subordinates saved the day.
''One sandstorm will wipe this all away,'' he said as he surveyed the maze of tire treads on the dunes.
Next Sun., 9:15 and 11:15 A.M., ''Christus Vincit'' by Noyon-Hancock, ''Sing Ye to the Lord'' by Edward Bairstow, ''Hallelujah'' and ''I Know That My Redeemer Liveth'' from ''Messiah,'' choirs.
He later became Commissioner for the New York State Unemployment Appeal Board under Governor Mario M. Cuomo.
Mr. Connors said he expected a ''seamless transition'' to his new job, noting he had either hired or worked with many of the 800 people in finance and administration he will now be overseeing.
Two British soldiers were killed and 14 wounded in the operation.
Mr. Froom's samples weren't obtrusive, and his range of keyboard sounds, from organ to fuzzed guitar, easily joined the weave made onstage.
''And then I said, 'Don't be surprised next season if you hit 60 again.'
It's a virtual tour of the Peace Corps experience (but without the dysentery).
''We are outraged, obviously, that this person didn't pay the ultimate price -- that would have been capital punishment,'' he said, echoing the commissioner's call for an end to discretionary parole.
The Serbs had already begun their offensive, she added, and if the signing had not been forced at that time, ''we would be negotiating while they were carrying out their 'village a day keeps NATO away.'
''But that's to be expected because most university administrators are liberals,'' she said.
He sees that he has deadened himself to love in the present so that he may imagine that he was once, long ago, truly loved.
Take New York City, the nation's biggest school district.
Granted, many caterpillars do have voracious appetites.
But his legacy is not Paris, only dirt.
Since World War II, three major American baritones have been great Rigolettos: Leonard Warren, Robert Merrill and Sherrill Milnes.
Describing his royalty agreement with the executors, Mr. Conroy said, ''I thought that of every dollar I was going to make on the book, I was giving 60 cents to a dead woman,'' Mitchell, ''and I thought that was enough to show my good faith in the project.''
But he said he believed that the Akwesasne casino would make money, too.
Cherished grandmother of Jessica and Rebecca Kahan, Jillian, Matthew and Simon Berk.
But Vicente Fox and Cuauhtemoc Cardenas, the two main opposition candidates, exchanged icy greetings in a chance public encounter and both suggested that they are writing the coalition out of their plans.
5:35:34 28835 Kight, B, 59M .
On the biggest issue, how to handle the state's budget surplus, Mr. Ventura favors a rebate to taxpayers.
He says he tries to help.
Mr. Gore said he wanted to improve public schools and did not support vouchers, as Mr. Bradley briefly did.
After hauling our gear a half-mile in Park Service wheelbarrows, we had set up our tent in what we thought was a perfect spot, under a stand of eucalyptus trees facing a stunning yellow-gold canyon with clumps of green oaks and a crayon-blue sky.
''Farewell my friends and children dear Remember what I say Your bodies soon must slumber here And mingle with the clay.''
But beginning tonight the Mets have a chance to alter the standing themselves, even if, according to Leiter, it is too early to matter.
''She cries,'' says Taryn, staring after her.
Open Monday to Friday 10 A.M. to 9 P.M.; Saturday to 7 P.M., Sunday noon to 6 P.M.
A company spokeswoman, Leeann Lavin, acknowledged that the company experienced a ''site slowdown due to the volume of visitors.''
The indictment charged a former vice president of the Bank of New York, Lucy Edwards; her husband, Peter Berlin, and an associate, Aleksey Volkov, with conspiring to take deposits illegally and to transfer money without proper licenses.
He lets you know what he expects and what's going to happen if it doesn't take place.''
PAUL JAY Chicago, Feb. 5, 1999
DAP, based in Baltimore, makes caulking, sealants and adhesives for construction and home improvement.
''Until there's a patch, there's only one real cure for a Whopper craving -- a mouth-watering Whopper,'' the voice-over says.
NORTHERN ILLINOIS - Named Janel Grimm director of women's basketball operations.
Now 43, he was mobilized into the army and was wounded on May 19 by a Kosovo Liberation Army sniper near Grabovac in the Cicavica Mountains, 20 miles northwest of Pristina.
The mood was dampened early by concern about the yen's making a three-year high against the dollar and another sharp rise in oil prices, as well as worry about today's Government report on inflation for August.
Mr. Indiana was given a full-fledged career retrospective in France last year.
''To attain the presidency I have to make compromises,'' he said.
Of Spring Valley, NY, formerly of Lake Worth, FL.
''We did predict that there would be a reduction in the number of people who smoke.''
Tom Carroll is joining Playa del Rey with those titles from Messner Vetere Berger McNamee Schmetterer/Euro RSCG in New York, a unit of Havas Advertising, where he had been a partner and managing director.
The bloody first sort is most graphically represented by Martin McDonagh's ''Beauty Queen of Lee nane'' and ''Lonesome West.''
''I was electrified,'' he said afterward.
MARLINS 6, PHILLIES 2 Visiting Florida scored six runs in the first inning off the rookie Randy Wolf and ended its six-game losing streak.
That leaves parents with this often perplexing question: When is a head injury minor and when should it involve a trip to the emergency room?
''INVENTING THE AMERICAN PAST: THE ART OF F. O. C. DARLEY,'' New York Public Library, Fifth Avenue at 42d Street, (212) 869-8089 (through tomorrow).
Since the day he turned professional, David Reid has been saying that he is ready for a world championship fight.
Vivendi's maneuver lifted the stocks of Canal Plus, which rose 6.4 percent, to 68.60 euros ($72.03), and B Sky B, which jumped nearly 10 percent, to 603.5 pence ($9.47).
The Cleveland Browns, the real thing, are rising from the ashes of ownership greed and disloyalty.
The buying ''hasn't hit anything like the panic stage,'' he added.
Since it was floated in August, the idea of a press council has drawn sharp criticism from journalists, lawyers, and Hong Kong's legislators, who voted it down in a nonbinding ballot.
That has led to an avalanche of requests to visit from law-enforcement officials throughout the country.
Among entrees, some of the best dishes were the simplest: skate beurre noisette -- firm, fresh fish in a buttery sauce, and a crisp-skinned half-chicken, roasted with rosemary and served with garlicky mashed potatoes.
A Christian minibus driver claimed that two Muslim men with knives accosted him and demanded money.
The death of the regime brought mobster shoot-'em-ups and deliriously self-indulgent meditations on the Russian soul.
''I couldn't be happier to sign anybody,'' Smith said.
Far more troubling, however, are the larger implications for the Balkans, European security and United States leadership in the world.
The 24-hour number is (877) 230-6200; however, calls placed from outside New Jersey to that number last night did not go through.
For such tenants, leases normally run from 3 to 10 years and cover anywhere from several hundred to 10,000 square feet.
When he came to power two years ago, Mr. Kabila, a rebel who had lived in the bush for decades and had few political skills, shunned the parties that formed Mobutu's political opposition and lost many opportunities to build a political base.
This letter explains much about the novelist's childhood-forged contention in his autobiography that ''we need never fear not to be good enough'' if we are only ''social enough.''
It was mesmerizing, maddening, and it left more than a few people wondering if it was Mr. McQueen who had lost his head.
But when you're losing, it's, 'Oh, he jumps down people's throats.'
4:36:11 19391 Comer, S, 39M .
''The Hutch was built in the 30's and hasn't been much upgraded in this section,'' Mr. LiMarzi said.
The artist, Mr. Charles, 30, said last week that he was especially distraught because he identified so much with the subject of the mural.
He said he would do it after the fight.
''The television was the most important piece of furniture in the house,'' Mr. Smith said.
But with the Administration about to make a push to seal a trade deal with China, Commerce Secretary William M. Daley said Beijing still had to prove that it was willing to play by international rules and drop the barriers that have kept companies from the United States and other countries out of its markets.
The FDX Corporation, the parent of Federal Express, the package delivery service, said today that rising fuel prices hurt its first-quarter earnings and might keep it from meeting this year's profit forecasts.
Combining aspects of Marcel Duchamp's Dada absurdities and Jean Tinguely's self-destructive assemblages, these projects also have a humorous side, like Rube Goldberg's complicated mechanisms for performing simple tasks.
In the third inning of Game 2, David Cone hit a soft two-out line drive to short that Ozzie Guillen dropped, allowing a run to score.
5:46:31 29505 Pierce, S, 40F .
The second problem is inadequacy.
Ms. Sarandon said, ''The Ailey organization is a true educational and cultural community.''
I mean, his personal risk.''
The Liberty (14-11) sneaked into first place in the Eastern Conference, 4 percentage points ahead of the Charlotte Sting (15-12).
About 70 percent of the child laborers work between five and 14 hours a day, the daily La Jornada reported.
C1 Opposition to AT&T Deal Three consumer groups urged the Government to disapprove AT&T's $58 billion bid to buy Mediaone Group, saying it would permit AT&T to dominate both the cable television industry and the market for high-speed Internet service.
That selection includes excellent Italian fennel-seed sausages, chunks of turkey wrapped in bacon, cubes of grilled lamb, perfectly marinated pork tenderloin as well as earthy and tender chicken hearts.
The 1997 law cut the growth of Medicare by $115 billion over five years.
The operations being sold generate annual revenue of $150 million.
I like the way he stands his ground with the politicians.
Except for their street-level stores, the three buildings along 14th Street in Manhattan's Union Square neighborhood have remained mostly empty for decades.
Superb service; refined restaurant, cafe.
In his remarks, he attacked President Clinton for ''weak and indecisive'' leadership in the Balkans.
A year ago, a Federal appeals court panel's decision that such everyday deal-making was the equivalent of an illegal bribe sent shock waves through the criminal justice system.
Hershiser was rigid as he stood in the sunlight at Shea Stadium, adjusting his cap, wiping his hand across his forehead or behind his ears and trudging off the mound and onto the grass to wet his fingers.
4:58:00 24209 Robison, G, 49F .
Contributing quality minutes off the bench with Pat playing would've been a better scenario for me, because I hate to get Pat hurt at this time.
It is the combination of the large debts owed to their smugglers and the long hours they must work that has made this practice increasingly common among Chinese immigrants.
When Mr. Springsteen sang ''Backstreets,'' which contains the line, ''We swore, forever friends,'' Mr. Danek's eyes appeared to fill with tears.
Only 10 percent of these small growers farm full time.
The steamed Pei mussels ($9) sport coconut milk, fresh ginger and Thai chilies and Shang Hai barbecue shrimp ($9) is served with toasted sesame sauce.
And even though Governor Whitman has nationwide stature as a tax-cutting Republican with moderate views on social issues, she has never won the overwhelming support of New Jersey voters.
''THE MUMMY,'' starring Brendan Fraser Rachel Weisz, Arnold Vosloo and John Hannah.
The songs they chose were reflective, wistfully looking back on lost romances and offering a maternal kind of love, directly in Sinead O'Connor's ''This Is to Mother You'' and in ''The Sweetest Gift,'' a bluegrass chestnut.
The exhibition adds to the lengthy annals of Jewish diversity, but its visual presence does not rise much above a spread in the National Geographic.
Medicare beneficiaries now pay a premium of $45.50 a month.
And believe it or not, male fear of commitment wasn't invented by baby boomers or Generation X.
Hours: Tuesdays through Saturdays, noon to 7 P.M. 295 Grove Street, Jersey City.
''I guess it's just one of those years,'' Spencer said.
For example, one woman offered a lengthy complaint about what she considered to be the detrimental effect of the North American Free Trade Agreement; Nafta passed in 1993, championed by President Clinton.
''The secondary market has collapsed the market in the last six months,'' said George Papania of Georges Video Games and Collectables in Las Vegas.
With his 16-year-old brother, he was arrested for criminal trespass, entering the home of a prostitute to take money the boys said she owed them.
But, Professor Gapasin said, some major unions, with leaders who came of age in battles where there were no language barriers, have been slow to respond to the changing dynamics posed by the influx of immigrant workers.
Or they can use it to pay down the $5.5 trillion national debt accumulated over decades of deficit spending.
The problem is that many art departments admit students largely based on their ability to copy classical busts, so that is what artistically inclined children spend years learning to do.
''It means having a clear mission.
San Francisco's stunning 30-27 victory over Green Bay on the Fox network Sunday produced a 24.2 overnight Nielsen rating -- the highest for a National Football League wild-card playoff game since 1991.
Even though Ventura is hitting .299 with 31 homers and a career-high 116 runs batted in, he realizes that what resembled a special season for him two weeks ago will probably be remembered for a disastrous finish.
''In America, people are lining up to back restaurants,'' he said.
Saatchi's viewpoint at one time or another might prevail,'' Mr. Lehman said.
The announcement followed Drugstore's decision to place its off-line account in review.
But Mr. Skinner warns that tax-based savings incentives can do little to solve this problem.
Not only does the record lack any evidence of threat or intimidation, the record specifically contains Ms. Currie's undisputed testimony, which exonerates the President of this charge.
Services Sunday, October 24, 1 PM, at Sinai Chapels, 162-05 Horace Harding Expressway, Flushing, New York.
Yesterday's sentence was handed down in Chautauqua County Court in Mayville, under a plea agreement with the District Attorney's office.
In between, Kurt Schwitters and Max Ernst took innovations of Synthetic Cubist collage into new territory.
Edited by Kirby McCauley, Martin H. Greenberg and Ed Gorman.
But she has not been resting.
approved Evista only for osteoporosis.
She got the caretaker of the debtor's mother to give her the phone number of a close relative of the debtor.
The rival groups burned houses and a mosque.
When Mark McGwire was hugging Roger Maris's children last year after breaking the home-run record -- if you didn't get emotional about that, you're not human or you're not paying attention.
But his most radical example of East-West fusion is the Wall-less House, a project completed two years ago in the rural town of Karuizawa.
''I don't think many people speak of lawyers that way.''
Since it was first envisioned before World War II, the plan for Route 92 has metamorphosed from a 25-milelong freeway linking the center of the state with the Atlantic shore to the current proposal for a 75-cent toll-road spur connecting two rapidly growing and traffic-clogged areas.
The failure of our policy in Iraq, where President Saddam Hussein remains in power despite sanctions and bombings, suggests that we should try an alternative policy in Yugoslavia.
The bridegroom is a stepson of Lieut.
Many of the best orchestras in the United States, including the Chicago Symphony and the New York Philharmonic, have been seeded with Army brass players.
He said the authority then decided to scrap plans for a replacement and instead would wait for the failed transformer to be rebuilt.
Alice Tully Hall, which was built for chamber music, is much too large at 1,096 seats.
Loving son of Vasilios and Efstathia Katartzis.
''When it gets warmer, you're going to have guys hanging out on the corners.''
It is a discomfort that, sadly enough, has often been shared, ideologically and emotionally, by the wider black community itself.
But other women say they don't have the luxury of tact.
like Aspen, St. Tropez and the Hamptons, the chic hot-dot in the French Caribbean is a social cyclotron for seeing and being seen.
This may challenge old-timers unschooled in computers but is no big deal to those who grew up with video games.
Among the imports pouring into the United States was Chinese-made steel, which increased 65 percent from December.
''I know he had a good training camp and I know he's quiet like most rookies should be,'' said defensive end Michael Strahan, who dresses three lockers away from West.
Also at the forefront of the antipesticide movement are breast cancer advocates.
For example, during the 1970's through 90's various military research agencies like the Defense Advanced Research Projects agency and the Office of Naval Research financed academic and corporate projects not as investments but as contract research.
Where there was some smoke, I wanted to make sure there wasn't any fire.''
It may not sound like much money, especially for those desperate in these days before the Academy Awards to catch ''Private Ryan in Love,'' ''Life is Beautiful in Elizabeth, N.J.,'' or whatever the best-picture nominees are called.
Appearing in an interview on the ORT Russian television network, Mr. Putin sought to assure a jittery public, still haunted by Russia's humilitating defeat in Chechnya, that the Russian Army's campaign against the militants would prevail.
They existed in a version of what ambassadors' children call the diplomatic bubble.
Sam's love of Tranquillity and his involvement continued throughout his life.
''I've been to Hill 10, Hill 37, Hill 55 and Hill 65,'' she said, naming old battlegrounds.
1 offense and defense playing well, but there's that history stuff that bothers Parcells.
Through more than 400 letters by correspondents both famous and unknown, Grunwald, a novelist, and Adler, an assistant managing editor at The Wall Street Journal, chronicle the trends and transformations of the past 100 years.
Well, his descendant is Citizen Ruth.
Soon the entire ghetto believes that Jakob has a radio hidden in his house.
Across the street, Caffe Taci, a trattoria open for almost five years, offers an open-mike opera night three times a week.
In glitzy, futuristic television advertisements, the First Union Corporation has been proudly promoting itself as ''The Mountain.''
She is almost like Jerry,'' Jerry Hiken, the 72-year old actor, ''who also is inexperienced in this way of working.''
In Damascus, she met with the Syrian leader for the first time in two years, in a session also attended by Dennis Ross, the Administration's top Middle East negotiator, and other American officials.
All of which spells bliss for many members of the audience, even those whose imaginations haven't been shriveled by too many visits to theme restaurants.
He duly followed the British director's ritual of spending weeks creating a character down to the tiniest detail.
She married Anthony Sewell in 1930 and the couple were divorced in 1945.
Small-company earnings, which had been very good relative to big caps earlier in the year, started to fall apart and are now in a position of weakness vis-a-vis the large caps.
Salmon, who went 3 for 4, started it off with a first-inning run-scoring double off Gil Heredia.
He also has limited peripheral vision.
Herman Snyder said that whenever he has been stopped, he has tried to be cooperative, but the process is ''aggravating.''
come from within our own ranks,'' said Michael H. Glawe, the head of the pilots union and a board member.
Oh, there are all sorts of possibilities -- in sports, say, or crime prevention.
Friends said they were heavily into role-playing games like Dungeons and Dragons.
Varitek opened the inning off Brower (1-1) with his 17th homer.
EXIDE CORP., Reading, Pa. , named Alan Johnson to the vacant post of president and chief operating officer.
John S. Reed and Sanford I. Weill, the company's co-chairmen and co-chief executives, are planning to sell shares to ''fulfill longstanding personal obligations and engage in certain estate planning activities,'' a spokesman said.
Mike Tyson, the former world heavyweight champion, was granted parole yesterday by the State of Maryland and will be released from the Montgomery County jail no later than June 4.
I wouldn't want to be in Renaissance Italy if you paid me.
(Reuters) Compiled by Jeanne Moore
''Investors started becoming more aware that the U.S. economy was very strong and that world economies, especially Asia, were flat to getting better,'' said Robert J. Martorelli, who runs the $547.2 million Merrill Lynch Phoenix fund, a mid-cap blend fund that took the No.
Mr. Spitzer had planned to file suit today in United States District Court in Brooklyn against the lender, the Delta Funding Corporation of Woodbury, which handles more than $1 billion in loans in New York and 21 other states.
''I thought last year I tied the hands of my offensive coaches,'' Paterno said.
A judge approved the deal in September, but his decision is being appealed.
over Ms. Griffith), Lucille is inconveniently distant from the film's Alabama scenes.
Ibanez had learned musical notation from scratch just to write down the young man's compositions.
I know that my age isn't showing -- Till ''Sit here,'' I hear someone urge.
and then as a leader for nearly 20 years at Xerox, and he was befuddled by what some of them did the moment they went off the payroll.
$23.95 At first glance, Franklin Hata, the hero of Chang-rae Lee's moving new novel, ''A Gesture Life,'' looks like the living embodiment of the American Dream: an immigrant from Japan whose years of hard work and impeccable manners have seemingly erased his foreignness and made him a respected pillar of the suburban bourgeoisie.
If that isn't covered under the definition of hate speech, what is?
WE SEE YOUR BEAUTIFUL FACE-YOUR EYES,HEAR YOUR LAUGHTER....WE WANT MORE.
But there were a few Charlotte men who also came by Carruth's house often to play pool and hang out, Stewart said.
AT&T has already won the support of Amos B. Hostetter, whose family is Mediaone's biggest shareholder, with about 13 percent of the company.
But he did not finish it until seven years later, nearly going bankrupt in the process.
''I can't fathom it,'' he said.
''But maybe you can do it for me, Senator.''
Defense Secretary William S. Cohen cut short by a day his trip to Asia to return to Washington and prepare strategy.
SPRING fever can begin in strange ways.
''Given the universal loathing of him in the country, any recommendation by him of any politician, even the best, points the way to the grave.
Even though exhibition attendance (50,619 over 15 home dates) was about a 10 percent increase over last spring, it was nowhere near the record 94,490 the Mets drew over 14 dates in 1989, their second year here.
The loss of Henman, Britain's top-ranked player, took the edge off a tournament that is being held in central London.
But he also wrote poems of passion, as in the book ''Entre el Clavel y la espada'' (''Between Sword and Carnation''): A carnation goes on a trip A carnation goes traveling From the legs, the sea is above From the breasts, the sea is below Mr. Alberti and his first wife had one daughter, Aitana, born in 1941 in Argentina.
''I just don't know if we're at that panic button yet.''
The story begins in the heat of battle as Alphonse, who has fled to a cabin, is mysteriously attracted to a manuscript whose pictures are so compelling he barely notices when enemy soldiers arrive to arrest him.
He won a standing ovation, as well as invitations to be a guest on numerous television shows and favorable comments from skeptics who said they liked his take-charge executive style.
''The industry is earning record profits and their stocks have increased enormously,'' said Jurgen Peters, vice president of IG Metall.
Mr. Verniero's comments, which came during four hours of testimony, offered his most detailed assessment to date of his response to complaints that some state troopers illegally single out black and Hispanic drivers.
''One thing is for sure,'' Armstrong said.
Computer-related stocks sank after the retailer Computer Associates was downgraded by Morgan Stanley, which cited concerns about softer demand for computers, increasing competition and potentially lower profit margins.
Chen, playing with Class A San Bernardino and recently named to the California League All-Star team, became only the second Taiwanese native to play for a professional team in the United States after signing a minor league contract with the Dodgers six months ago.
When Drossin hikes up Mount Blanca, she takes pen and pad with her, using the inspiration of the the waterfalls and abandoned cabins to create characters for her fiction.
''The federal government can't walk away from its commitment to housing and hope that local governments can fill that void.''
''At the ultimate stage,'' he writes, ''competition among nations will be competition among educational systems.''
Will you add other New Jerseyans in the future?
Since Amy is on the receiving end of the best movie massage since Holly Hunter's in ''Living Out Loud,'' she naturally takes notice.
Aston Villa of England will play Fiorentina of Italy in the championship match of the inaugural Gotham Cup tonight at Giants Stadium in East Rutherford, N.J. Villa advanced by defeating Ajax of the Netherlands in a shootout after the teams had played to a 2-2 tie on Friday; Fiorentina advanced by defeating Panathinaikos of Greece, 3-0, in the second game of the doubleheader.
But it was the big things that got most of the notice.
Round and amiable, Mr. Bolcom is a talker with a tendency to digress, often entertainingly.
clients regardless of their health status, pre-existing medical conditions or chronic illnesses as long as they enroll with a new plan during an enrollment period that begins on Wednesday and ends on March 31.
Mr. Kern also thinks Netopia will post its first profit in the fourth quarter.
Jean-Cyril Robin, a Frenchman with La Francaise des Jeux, was second, and Aleksandr Vinokourov, a Kazakh with Casino, was third.
Mr. Sirota's team was also an unsuccessful bidder in the fight to be lead counsel in the case.
Hearings in that case are scheduled in Essex County Superior Court on Dec. 16.
''It's casting away that self-vetting, that split-second's hesitation that keeps you from saying what's on your heart and mind,'' he said.
Georg Hoedle, the founder of Adventure World Company, was visibly shaken when he told Swiss television today, ''I am terribly sorry for the victims and those left behind.''
''He is able to tout the party line,'' Mr. Criscitello said, ''yet provide some type of insight as to what the true reasoning behind a decision was.''
Their willingness to contemplate the unthinkable, to describe their horrifying experiences, attests to their hope that humanity can learn from the past.
Many have docks behind their houses; others dock their vessels at small private facilities, paying nominal annual fees of $100 to $200.
He had the 40 inmates sent to other maximum-security prisons around the state.
The company, based in Hong Kong, plans to raise $56.3 million through an initial public offering on the Nasdaq stock market in two weeks.
Guess what: the top-down approach to site-specific art projects is over, and it's not because the ''peasantry'' doesn't get it, as the Venice Biennale director snipes.
He drove to his mother's house and left his house keys on her doorstep, the official said.
-- which wants a united Ireland -- has not begun handing in weapons by late January.
''I do not believe those things would have occurred if we had not had an open, candid, honest relationship with China, aware of all the facts,'' he added.
Among the other big hits were the animated ''Tarzan'' (an estimated $170 million), the Adam Sandler comedy ''Big Daddy'' ($160 million), the special-effects-filled remake of ''The Mummy'' ($155 million) and the reunion of Julia Roberts and Richard Gere in ''Runaway Bride'' ($145 million).
YALE--Named James Jones men's basketball coach and Amy Backus women's basketball coach.
Some tribes are diversifying by investing gambling revenues in health care, education and other programs.
Citing a recent survey paid for by dealers that showed high customer satisfaction with dealerships, he said that, ''We're kind of asking, if it ain't broke, why mess with it?''
So under new Government rules, blood banks are testing leftover samples of pre-1992 transfusions.
''Action by consensus is an old German tradition, and we will build the necessary bridges.''
We extend our condolences to her family.
In another sign that the competitive discount apparel sector may be ripe for a shake-out, the Filene's Basement Corporation, which pioneered the business of offering designer clothing at cut-rate prices, filed for bankruptcy-law protection yesterday in Boston.
''This is a police officer who threatened her supervisor.
FIFTH AVENUE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, 7 West 55th Street, Manhattan.
INTERNATIONAL A3-22 Armenian Officials Killed In Attempted Coup d'Etat Gunmen stormed the Parliament in Armenia's capital, Yerevan, killing the Prime Minister, the Speaker and a number of senior legislators before seizing about 50 hostages.
In 1934, he moved to Washington, D.C., and worked as an assistant truck driver at the Federal Housing Administration.
But since he announced he would step down, the courts have shown increasing independence.
By emphasizing shadows, ripples and reflections, Ms. Gall introduces the idea that the picturesque view might well be regarded as a transient moment.
3:29:14 3283 Frid, L, 26M .
In addition to the new tax cuts, Mr. Pataki proposed an acceleration of a tax cut for hospitals, clinics and nursing homes, which is already law but is not scheduled to take effect for another year.
THIS city, whose name is synonymous with the American auto industry, is strengthening that identification at several museums dedicated to the business.
''He missed a golden opportunity to reach out and talk about areas that need job development in the city of New York and which really did not support him last time,'' said Assemblyman Roberto Ramirez, the Bronx Democratic leader.
Workers should not be asked to pay more for medicines that save money for employers, the union said in a recent, book-length resolution outlining its bargaining goals, adding, ''Such shell games must be resisted.''
The company that wrote the policy, National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, was also named as a defendant in the suit.
The sale followed a pattern set at a March sale of leases to drill in the central gulf, when the number of bids dropped to 273 from 1,188 in 1998.
Twenty Board of Education employees had been arrested on construction-related charges in the previous two years, and legislators wanted to make a bold statement.
And that proved to be a hard sell, the operations manager at Chelsea, Claudio Miro, conceded.
The parade included 15 bands and military marching units, along with a 1936 Dodge Phaeton.
We had heavy makeup sessions, about three hours.
Samara Farber, a former private chef in New York, purees the blossoms with softened seasoned butter that she molds into a tubelike shape and chills.
Instead he's off on a date with the class tramp, a despicable micro-mini-skirted blonde whose nickname is Hoover (Natasha Bell).
Then it passes through a lens, which reduces the image and focuses it onto an array of charge-coupled devices.
The first of three exhibitions on books as art will be on view through July 7.
But I have good facility with it.
Mr. Nolte is devastating in the performance of his career, as Wade Whitehouse, a New Hampshire loner fighting a losing battle with demons from his past.
The doctor was out swimming and so the coaches put the girl, Linda Lewis, on Mr. Lindenbaum's cot near the infirmary.
As of early May, 31 of those mares were in foal.
The result was a kind of mission statement for Hillary Clinton.
In his final years, Ripken said he missed baseball.
The elder Broyard was also the author of ''Kafka Was the Rage,'' a memoir of Greenwich Village in the 1940's -- when young men lived on literature and young women walked the streets ''with art history in their eyes.''
We like lights and fun and safer streets.
To overcome those perceptions, the authority hired a SWAT team of lobbyists, made expensive promises to various communities, showered southeastern Queens with marketing studies and fact sheets, and -- in the last days -- tinkered with the design to appease Peter F. Vallone, Speaker of the City Council.
And some restaurants have small or limited wine lists to begin with -- Thai and Indian restaurants, for example, rarely offer rieslings or cabernet francs, the kinds of wine that go so well with the food.
The stock price of Schwab, which operates the largest on-line brokerage, has soared 40 percent in the last five days.
''You never know what to expect with these things,'' she said.
But it was the legacy of Marsden Hartley that Mr. St. Clair probably affected the most, partly because he was able to acquire so many of the artist's works, and partly because Hartley's achievement sustained the most dramatic upward re-evaluation.
When the Democratic gun-show amendment first came up for a vote a week ago, Senate Republicans defeated it, 51 to 47, in a largely party-line vote.
Continental Basketball Association FORT WAYNE FURY--Signed G-F Mike Campbell.
With their open attacks on Jews, Russia's hard-core nationalists, including those in the mainstream Communist Party, have served up a challenge to Russia's democratic politicians -- a challenge that has been answered only feebly, some say disgracefully.
Although it is legal in Texas to possess a shotgun similar to the one found next to Price, the police are attempting to discover where the weapon was purchased.
Johnson (R) Yea Nay New Jersey 1.
But the best title is one in which you know exactly what it means.''
But it is highly potent information because it conjures meaning.
And that still leaves E*Trade's market value of $6 billion higher than more established, and decidedly more profitable, firms like Paine Webber,Bear, Stearns and Lehman Brothers.
And each week a psychiatrist, able to review the case files and prescribe medications, visits each school.
For Fare Compare, you choose from a list of major airports and give the earliest date you might leave.
Then you can sink into a sofa in the magnificent main lobby and gaze up -- way up -- at the reliefs of stags and naiads frolicking on the gilded ceiling.
Mr. Galindo was the first Mexican director to place his films in the streets, bars and factories of tightly knit but tumultuous urban barrios, especially in Mexico City.
PEOPLE like Majora Carter, who is in the process of acquiring the house on Manida Street where she now lives.
The 12-page paper, with a circulation of 5,000, is produced by the nonprofit Humanist Center of Cultures in Queens, which promotes contact among different ethnic and cultural groups in New York.
Joe Girardi, his forehead bruised, said he would never forget how Seattle's Frank Rodriguez tried to hurt him.
Ready 2 Rumble, the only fighting game not borrowed from the arcade, is a boxing title with fantastically kitschy graphics and fight-night ambiance (''Get ready to RUMMMMM-BULLLL!!!!!'')
Alankar played a pale suggestion of cross-cultural music, as opposed to syncretism with a point.
I was there, my dad was there, my brother was there, my mom was there.
* ''A SIMPLE PLAN,'' starring Bill Paxton, Billy Bob Thornton and Bridget Fonda.
Zephyrus finished early Sunday, almost five hours behind Pyewacket.
''She was the same Peggy Mazer I remembered,'' he said.
About 52,000 of the adults on the shrinking caseload were exempt by federal law from working, including those over 60, mothers of infants under 3 months and people with AIDS.
Beloved wife of the late William C. Loving mother of JoAnn Masterson of Washington Crossing, PA, and Marilyn Nagle of Glen Rock, NJ.
House Passes Cybersquatting Bill The House of Representatives passed legislation to crack down on cybersquatting, the practice of buying up popular words as Internet addresses in the hopes of reselling them.
Urging me on was a pamphlet explaining that each of the hotel's 193 rooms showcases a primary color -- red, yellow or blue.
''Japan is good at size, power and bringing the cost down.
Torre told his starters of his plans today.
The Islanders took a 1-0 lead on Jorgen Jonsson's first of two goals tonight -- and first since opening night.
The consortium, consisting of Nabors, UNX and Third Avenue Capital, agreed to take over management of the steelmaker after making a lump-sum payment by the end of February 2000, he said.
''DANCE FOR THE CITY: 50 YEARS OF THE NEW YORK CITY BALLET.''
Six weeks after an 18-year-old Arizona man died unexpectedly in a gene therapy experiment, the field's safety record is coming under increasing scrutiny, and new information is coming to light about patients who may have been harmed in other clinical trials.
''Washington's Crossing,'' paintings by Charles Gottschall.
His pneumatic muscle-boy figures enact classical as well as Christian themes amid stylistic references, ranging from the Renaissance to Chagall to Jasper Johns, and bracingly bright colors.
Miss O'Day may prefer to think that she's ''doing it alone,'' but -- in the words of a Beach Boys song -- ''you need a mess of help to stand alone.''
DINGELL AMENDMENT: For the measure 3.
President Clinton may still be prosecuted in the Federal criminal courts when his term ends.
You get used to watching them with a daddy's eye and a professional eye.
He has been involved in five professional sports -- basketball, baseball, football, hockey and soccer.
''I love rock-and-roll,'' she said, and returned to the auditorium for the second act.
Others, he said, complain once they have moved.
One senses that Esiason wants to be known for being unpredictable.
In a rivalry like this, that is not a smart thing to say.
''Al, you were right when you said that Americans have the President they deserve!
The male half is called J. D., perhaps as in Salinger, since he's an elusive, absent author whom we never meet except through his writing -- although his actual initials do seem to be J. D. Pi is a philosophy graduate student.
Mr. Vollebaek today ordered Mr. Walker, to keep working despite the deportation order, and Mr. Walker returned to Kosovo.
By New Year's Day, Ron Dayne, the National Collegiate Athletic Association's career rushing leader, will own the Heisman Trophy and may very well bull through one of the worst defenses in the nation.
The company said it planned to use TCI's network to offer telephone, video and data services in 10 markets around the country this year and telephone service in most TCI markets in 2000.
The Governor's conflict with the auto makers is complicating what until recently were plans for the two advanced factories, which have been closely followed by world car makers.
Ms. Fowler said in an interview that she had thought having a husband who worked for the Police Department and a brother who worked for the New York City Correction Department would make the search for her son easier.
In October 1996, a Federal District Judge, Emmet G. Sullivan, ruled that the curfew violated minors' rights to free movement and parents' rights to exercise parental discretion.
Her mother retired as a special education teacher at Huntington (N.Y.) High School.
However defensively, they believe that NATO's talk is selective and hypocritical, as its warplanes bomb bridges, television and power stations, the presidential residence and, by accident, passenger trains and columns of the very Albanian refugees NATO is trying to protect.
Mr. Reichheld believes the Internet has enormous potential for serving customers better, with richer information, interactive relationships and innovative services.
The Hyundai Motor Company of South Korea has already bought control of the insolvent Kia Motors Corporation, another Korean producer.
The Surrealist collections formed by two friends fill the museum from lobby to ceiling.
You may not always know which town you're looking at, but that lawn is somebody's lawn, that house is somebody's house and, more often than not, that school or hospital or warehouse is bona fide New Jersey.
''One of my favorites,'' he said, smiling broadly and embracing the hotel and real estate executive.
Its yield, which moves in the opposite direction from the price, rose to 5.17 percent, from 5.14 percent on Tuesday.
It announced last fall that it planned to cut about 1,000 jobs, largely through retirements.
Mr. Cohen's package of housing programs, which he will announce in January, will include fixing or replacing some of the 200,000 housing units the Defense Department says are in need of major repairs, and help with the cost of housing not on military bases, said senior officials who would not give further details.
The biggest aerospace defense contractor, Lockheed Martin employs its own lobbyists as well as outside firms -- spending $1.98 million in the last six-month reporting period -- to lobby Congress on its behalf.
As Sycamore articulates its value to both customers and investors, its hurdle has been made much lower by the pedigree of its top executives, Desh Deshpande and Daniel E. Smith.
The book, ''Truth Versus Lies,'' seeks ''to tell the other side of a one-sided tale that was spun by his family and his attorneys in their attempt to save him from the death penalty,'' Mr. Friedlander said.
''I've never seen it like this.
The answer depends somewhat on the model that is used to understand musical encounters.
Mr. Grasso responded with a shrug, saying he had no plans to kill the rule.
Salvatore Genualdi was performed yesterday at San Michele Church in Montevettolini.
By increasing our participation in the Colombian war, we will only squander the gains made in the past decade of inter-American relations as well as fuel the fires of nationalism in these countries.
But the crowd of 55,770 braved a windy, cloudy day yet was treated nevertheless when the Brewers pulled a triple play in the seventh.
finals, the job that resumes today in Indianapolis in the Eastern Conference championship series against the Knicks.
''It is a patronage-laden system, a system whereby a county sheriff is appointing people who, in turn, are pretty much responsible for trying to help him get elected,'' he said.
''That changed my life,'' she said.
But having the lawsuits dropped ''is a condition put forward by the city,'' she added, ''and we have no ability to do that.''
''It's a great chance to get out and talk to customers,'' he said, ''to find out what they like, to explain what we're doing.''
Ms. Levin said that ''W,'' by Elizabeth Mitchell, a former contributor to George magazine, would focus on the dynamics within the Bush family and the extent to which Mr. Bush's Presidential bid is an attempt to avenge the 1992 defeat of his father, President George Bush, by Bill Clinton.
Her favorite route is Beech Forest Trail, whose soft sand path is kind to her aging feet.
Mr. Colville said the shootings further underscored the need to move the Kosovars from camps near the border to new camps in the south and west of Albania.
A group headed by the billionaire Donald Sturm purchased the Colorado Avalanche and the Denver Nuggets for $461 million yesterday after a Wal-Mart heiress dropped out of an auction for the teams.
Ratings and running times are in parentheses.
As she speaks, one senses the inside-outside voices that she herself writes about -- that outside, she is saying, 'Don't feel sorry for me, don't analyze me, my work speaks for itself.'
Mr. Wall predicted that the firm would be hiring even more people with compromised records.
Spitzer also recommended that the mode of scoring a fight be changed, to eliminate an aberrant judge's score from each round.
Beyond the fund-raising and promoting of all things Italian and popular, the parade also had another purpose: to keep alive the story of Columbus and his voyages across the Atlantic.
It may seem unrealistic to expect that Mr. Clinton, hobbled and discredited by scandal, could wield much influence in Congress for the remainder of his term.
Vera Karas, a manager at Koruss, said the regional administration initially resisted the company, fearing it might exploit workers.
The conference offered a showcase for Morocco, where King Hassan II has taken steps recently to improve a rights record that had attracted harsh criticism by political opponents and Western rights groups earlier in his 37-year reign.
Penn State's defense spent much of the first half plundering Miami's backfield.
Grounding this merriment are classic ballads that Ms. Haran delivers in her signature style, stripping away the sentimentality to uncover the lyrics' private, heartfelt truths with an unadorned simplicity.
They're not coherent to people who are ideologically befuddled and overwhelmed.''
What they meant, they said, was the moment when they simply accepted their size and the likelihood that it would never change, and wanted others to do the same.
Since his days with the Dream Syndicate, Steve Wynn has been finding a California film noir angle on two styles forged in New York: the drone and drive of the Velvet Underground and Bob Dylan's metaphysical gamesmanship.
But Ford has cut the gap in half, and has nearly eliminated it, if Ford's huge costs for retired workers are excluded.
Aon, a Chicago-based insurance holding company, said it would pay the split and the dividend on May 17 to stockholders of record on May 4.
When he was asked if he was considering buying anything, he said, ''I need a press person here.''
Hoyt was from a family of social prominence and wealth; her brother, John Sherman Hoyt, built a large Tudor-style mansion in 1916 on the northwest corner of 79th Street and Park Avenue.
Finally, 100 people will welcome the New Year underground at Howe Caverns, between Albany and Cooperstown, New York.
There is no more call for Mr. Dohnanyi's old quip that whenever he conducted well, it was Szell who got the good mentions.
''The textile industry says it will bring in $8.8 billion over five years and provide jobs for 121,000 Americans.
''Without natural light, to have this window onto nature and the underwater world is wonderful.''
Thirty-four accounts of relationships that became more significant than family ties, illustrated with photographs.
After retirement, she volunteered for the Better Business Bureau, NYU Medical Center and the American Red Cross.
Our heartfelt sympathies are extended to his wife Jean and the rest of his family and friends.
They are looking for ''shareholder value'': to spread the risks of all those volatile and vulnerable media enterprises.
The difference lies in what they do with it.
The Bush plan was developed by a team of economists headed by Lawrence B. Lindsey, a former Federal Reserve governor and policy aide to President Bush.
In fact, there are very few blemishes on the rows of chard and lettuce, spinach and cabbage, even though chemicals are never sprayed in this three-acre garden.
''We tried to involve as many people as possible, asking everyone to do something to bring people to San Casciano and to enrich the local population.''
will likely grant the M.C.I.
He has six touchdown catches in his last four games.
It took him years to recover.
The group's zoning proposal is pending before the Planning Commission.
In the interview yesterday, he said he had not mentioned the possibility of a promotion to his father before the board made its decision.
''There's a lot to be gained by seeing the two together.''
Bits of information bounce around like billiard balls, carrying out calculations far more efficiently than in an ordinary computer.
The schedule also offers a two-day jazz festival, master classes open to the public, new music, chamber music and, in the bel canto program, a rare performance of ''La Gazza Ladra,'' the 20th of Rossini's 38 operas, which was first presented at La Scala in 1817.
So Mac enlists the aid of Emily Watson, Michael Moriarty and Rupert Holmes, whose ''Pina Colada Song'' is featured in the stunning opening sequence, set at the Hyde Park Hilton's rooftop tiki bar.
''The show has more visual flow and dynamics.
American Express gained 3 5/8, to 127 1/8, as it announced heavy investment in Internet products.
Ms. Collins has also been an avid supporter of a limited number of witnesses to clear up conflicting testimony.
She found that even children younger than 7 years old got 27.3 percent of their vegetables as fries and chips.
The bills would make GHB trafficking punishable by a sentence of five years to life in prison.
In his first action since a brief appearance on Jan. 11, Grant was dominant inside despite the heavy tape on his right wrist.
When you can make a smart, sexy movie for under $100,000 on digital video, it becomes what the theater might have been.
Nor is its owner, who also owns the Tavlin Middle Eastern Market next door, a typical suburban cliche.
The other came from Palffy, who has 5 points in six games since ending his holdout.
JAE WEONG SEO, one of the Mets' top pitching prospects who was set to be promoted to Class AA Binghamton, instead has been shut down with a sore right elbow.
Christine Todd Whitman of New Jersey to make it a national issue, highways can reshape communities in fundamental ways, often with little public comment.
In their elation, several American players and their wives rushed to celebrate with Leonard, but soon they remembered that Olazabal still had to putt for what might be a tying birdie.
Standard Chartered will buy a 75 percent stake in Nakornthon for 12.4 billion baht, or $319 million, nearly double an investment it agreed to in April, officials said.
And the perfect narrative of Dennis's life, uninterrupted by any feelings of approaching and then leaving behind the Mahar funeral parlor, did not make me envious or make me grieve that Mr. Potter's life remained frozen in the vault that was his name and the vault of being only my father.
Keep your eye on us.
In an interview in the Wiesenthal Center's offices here, the dean and founder, Rabbi Marvin Hier, said: ''Leaders of the Olympics violated their own rules; they sold their souls.
The actor's secret was that he was wearing long red underwear.
''Like -- 'I'll kill you'?''
For the last seven decades, Federal law has called for universal telephone service, even in places like Silverton, 65 miles northeast of Seattle, that do not fall in any company's area of responsibility.
They came as the people of Omagh, in the center of the predominantly Protestant British province, prepared to commemorate the first anniversary of a bombing by a splinter group of the Irish Republican Army that killed 29 people.
In America, new media tend to be a private affair.
1 teen-ager -- two electrifying talents combining for a spell-binding finish that could be the first chapter of a great rivalry.
Goodwin's death was only the second in National Finals history.
The brick building has a vaguely Moorish aspect; an inner courtyard with garden and fish pond provides a quiet, contemplative center.
As the timid title character, she is harangued by her blowsy mother (Ms. Blethyn), latched onto by the talent agent who is the mother's boyfriend (Mr. Caine) and courted by a nice young man who loves his pet pigeons.
You can also get permission from the Israel Defense Forces by calling (972-2) 530-5511 and providing a fax number where they can send you a form requesting a visit.
Hitchcock is in his fourth season with Dallas, his first N.H.L.
I didn't believe he would do it.
Other planet discoveries revealed similar characteristics.
Dr. Duroy had improved things in Hoboken in seven years as head of that district, and Mr. Barnes said he and other city officials brought him to the state's attention and lobbied for his selection.
The Emir dissolved the last Parliament in May, 17 months ahead of schedule, after its relationship with the Government became so distressed that little political business could be done.
On Tuesday, about 20,000 credit card terminals in Britain began to stall because of computer glitches, holding up holiday shoppers.
Considering Mulino's role as a cheerful oasis, the sour-faced life-size statue (a la Duane Hanson) that has stood for years near the dining room's entrance strikes an off note and might be ready for retirement.
The boy, whose identity was not made public, was being treated for hypothermia in a hospital.
Mr. Trump has been trying to refinance $2.1 billion in long-term debt to boost its profit and share price.
He was a big man, huskylike, and dressed up like an admiral.
He got off work at 6 and picked up his wife an hour later at home.
Miss Understood insisted that the matter was not dead.
While at Columbia, from which Mr. Medina graduated magna cum laude in 1965, he was a Kent Scholar and a member of the Law Review.
The Web may be useful for finding simple facts, but serious research still means a trip to the library.
After the boy, who is about 4 feet tall, called 911 from inside the locked store, officers found him sitting on a shelf, dangling his legs over the side.
The recipes have a practical sensibility, and they assume that you can cook.
The parish, with the approval of the Archdiocese of New York, sold the parking lot and development rights over the 1842 church in November for $2.5 million.
''The concept was tested in northern California, where it was studied by focus groups,'' Mr. Teicher said.
To the credit of the excellent Emerson musicians, they seemed determined just to give their performance and try to draw listeners in.
Most of those infected were in Albany, Saratoga, Washington and Warren Counties.
At the time of the referendum, the Prime Minister made promises to win over unenthusiastic unionists.
She came to London in 1988 and began work for the BBC on its Breakfast Time news program.
Approximate running times are in parentheses.
Inge de Bruijn of the Netherlands set a European record in the women's 100-meter butterfly final yesterday with a time of 58.49 seconds at the 24th European championships in Istanbul, Turkey.
Mr. Lehman described the problem in a memo to Robert S. Rubin, chairman of the museum.
''They want to be held, they want to hold your hand, and now all of us are so conscious of how anything we do might be interpreted.''
Mr. Birdal spent several weeks in a hospital, receiving thousands of letters and visits from people including Foreign Secretary Robin Cook of Britain.
Then, logically, the master's degree in forestry.
Hundreds of tourists travel out here every year, though the village is nowhere near any of South Africa's top tourist destinations.
The last time the Jets faced Indianapolis, their season seemed all but ended as the final seconds ticked away.
This mistake reportedly caused a flash of blue light inside the plant, which is owned by the Sumitomo Metal Mining Company and operated by the JCO Company.
Ever since the much-loved television series ''Upstairs Downstairs'' enticed an American mass audience to inhabit vicariously the decorous upper-class world of Edwardian England, millions have embraced the dubious pleasures of couch-potato snobbery.
The deal, which opens the door to China's entry into the World Trade Organization, will also allow foreign companies to own stakes of up to 50 percent in Chinese Internet companies by 2006.
-- were dozens of grief counselors, members of the clergy, Red Cross officials and employees of the safety board, who are obligated by a 1996 law to provide up-to-date information and emotional support for families of airplane crash victims.
Gwynn, a left-handed batter, wishes the left-handed pitcher were fictional, but once this season and once last he has seen the reality that is Johnson.
It's the most important thing in my life.
tournament history with 21 appearances and 42 victories, said he was happy for his players, especially the fifth-year seniors Cameron Murray, Alex Sanders and Eric Johnson.
Mr. Valenti has assured store owners that the mall is financially sound, as the visitors squeezing past one another on any weekend can attest.
SCOTT BROSIUS is home in Oregon with his gravely sick father and might join the team Friday in Anaheim.
''To our clients I know it doesn't sound fair, but we don't have a choice,'' said Mr. Mustafa, who butchered as many as 30 sheep a day all week for what here is the not inconsiderable sum of $150 for a suitable 100-pound specimen.
''Raging Bull'' was a landmark, even if its urge toward radiance began to detach itself from story or plausibility, so that the vision of the boxing ring was stark and operatic in a way that must have bemused such real pros as Jake La Motta himself.
Most single-family homes currently on the market are priced from $400,000 to $750,000.
An association spokeswoman said limits on all contributions should be consistent with Federal election law, which permits $1,000 from an individual donor to a candidate.
''They are stars,'' said Representative W. J.
Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are very soft and deeply browned, about 1 hour.
The story of Brighton Beach as a Russian-speaking enclave began in the mid-60's, when rumors spread through the large Jewish populations of the Soviet Union, from Leningrad to Ukraine to Belarus to Moldavia, that the Government might allow some people with family in Israel to leave.
They did so by obtaining a future Hall of Fame pitcher who has won an unprecedented five American League Cy Young Awards and is sure to have an immediate impact.
The chairman of the Senate Taxation Committee, Mike McGinness, said the bill merely clarifies terms of an exemption voted by lawmakers in 1997.
She didn't fail; she just couldn't become a guide dog.''
Some residents speculated that the information was spread to intimidate them.
The most damaging of these practices, they said, was providing loans to people based not on their ability to pay but on the equity in their homes.
But the settlement will require it to do even more.
Officer Breen said he fired two shots, one of which struck Ms. Cooper in the chest.
If this can be more rigorously shown, a breakthrough may be at hand.
** -- 84.5% Percentage who qualify for free lunch under Federal guidelines.
It's a plan that will make access to affordable health care available to everyone in this country.
But executives for the National Broadcast Association and senators from both parties discounted that theory.
To the Editor: I really enjoyed ''Playing Poker With the Medicis,'' by Peter Marks (June 13).
So you just don't know what happened.''
The show is free and performed every half hour from 5 P.M. until midnight Sunday through Friday, and 2 P.M. to midnight on Saturday.
The yield, which moves in the opposite direction from the price, rose to 6.20 percent from 6.16 percent on Friday.
The two will remain partners at KPMG Canada until the end of the year, a company spokesman, Gordon Braun-Woodbury, said.
Today, her company, KramerHutchison, employs 60 people in a loft on chic far West 26th Street.
After an hour of brushing, vacuuming, scraping and hammering, the sweep declared that our chimneys were safe and ready for anything.
The question made Gerald Williams raise his head and open his eyes wide.
Once Internet Explorer was seen as providing roughly the same browsing experience as Navigator, relatively few PC users showed any inclination to expend the effort required to obtain and install Navigator.
Divide this mixture among each of eight soup plates and serve.
Her War on Poverty Barbara Peters never dreamed that she would finish college, let alone earn a Ph.D. in sociology just before her 50th birthday.
* Travis Boat and Motors, Austin, Tex., a boat retailer, to T3 The Think Tank, Austin, to handle its first account.
A spokesman for Turner Sports confirmed Schiller's departure after a ''transitional period,'' but he would not say if it was for the YankeeNets job.
The answer depends on who you are.
Mr. Brandes added: ''An outsider -- and Susan is an outsider -- will not contaminate the piece.
And in a matter of seconds, ''The Story of the Cat and the Moon,'' a charming Portuguese feather of a film by Pedro Serrazina, ends with a surge of rare, gorgeous emotional power, seemingly out of nowhere.
The closer President Clinton gets to that awkward next stage of life -- the ex-Presidency -- the better former President Jimmy Carter, white-haired and wrinkled, looks to him.
''He walked into my class,'' Mr. Garvin said, ''and he just ignited.''
We never discussed names, my brother and I.
''The network business was great.
George E. Pataki took a widely publicized trip to Hungary to promote trade and trace his roots in the homeland of his paternal grandparents.
It's impossible to do pieces in the city.
Perched on the Interstate halfway between Oklahoma City and Tulsa, Stroud, population 3,100, had been a thriving community before a band of tornadoes swept through the state more than three months ago, killing 44 people, injuring hundreds more and destroying or damaging more than 8,000 homes.
''After 25 years, I guess he either likes me or he likes the animals now,'' Ms. Veilleux said.
Still, the company is shunning the spotlight, as it did when it helped defeat a ban on smoking in restaurants earlier this year in Wayne County, near Rochester.
''It's big for me and I would assume it's big for them,'' Don Zimmer, the interim manager, said of his players.
The series also includes thinkers like Plato, Descartes, Mary Wollstonecraft and Ayn Rand.
''You want that spritz in a cocktail,'' Mr. DeGroff of Blackbird said as he made me a Hemingway daiquiri.
Fassel came to side with those who argued that the $1 million the Giants saved by releasing Calloway would help pay for Widmer, who signed a four-year contract worth $10.4 million, and help fund a meager but growing free-agent war chest.
''They had an idea of who they wanted.
Loving mother of Charlotte J. Lynch and her late husband Kalman of Andover, MA., and the late Edward Levine.
''People who are trying somehow to have lives and do the right things but who can't figure out how to do it.''
C1 Auto Labor Negotiations Negotiators for the U.A.W.
The opening attraction, presented at 7 p.m. in the museum's main auditorium, is ''A Married Couple,'' Allan King's 1969 cinema-verite examination of the complexity and fragility of modern marriage.
''They're not going to be satisfied until there's not one bit of cultural heritage exhibited on municipal property,'' Mr. Fitzgerald said .
These kids grew up with images of World War II out of 'Hogan's Heroes,' so what we need to do as adults is to point them toward the big signposts of history as well as we can and say, 'These are the things you really need to know about.'
The government lost track of 113 patients, who were listed as missing from veterans hospitals and nursing homes where they were expected to be.
Loretta Giordano, the mother of Jeremy Giordano, 22, made her appeal in a hushed courtroom here a day before the jury is to begin considering whether Thomas Koskovich, who turns 21 on Thursday, will receive the death penalty or a sentence of life in prison.
Mr. Clinton adopted this low-risk, high-technology approach to warfare after President Bush's last military foray became his first -- the dispatch of soldiers on a humanitarian mission to Somalia -- and ended in humiliation and bloodshed.
Founder to Leave Vanguard Board The board of Vanguard Group voted to allow John C. Bogle, the founder of the mutual fund, to remain a director past the mandatory retirement age of 70.
Mr. Campbell has trouble coping with one of his children's learning problems.
A dagger (+) indicates that some stores received bulk orders.
There are merely people whose notions of helping the poor and the homeless differ from those of, say, the Coalition for the Homeless, which organized Sunday night's protest in Union Square Park, or Housing Works, which occupied Commissioner Turner's office yesterday.
But the subject of this painting represents Beal's earlier themes.
But why doesn't anyone ever mention that Mr. McCain ranked fifth from last in the Class of 1958 at the United States Naval Academy?
And for the opening series of the season, Henderson was 6 for 11 with 3 doubles, 2 homers, 3 walks, 1 stolen base, 5 runs scored and 4 runs batted in, as the Mets took two of three from the low-budget Marlins.
Maryland, meanwhile, missed 9 of its first 10 shots and committed eight turnovers in the opening eight minutes.
''Our discussions were not at all diplomatic in their language.''
Scanning the past for similar plays with similar themes will yield very few examples.
As Hindus, Muslims and Sikhs slaughter one another in the streets, old friends become deadly enemies.
They say that Mr. Pal is not a member of their group and that they have no chapter in the district where the killings took place.
And they provide a different experience.
Yesterday, a leadership spat within the Congolese Rally for Democracy halted the peace process, and the assembled presidents finally decided that the best course was that no rebels would sign until Mr. Chiluba could fly to eastern Congo and personally decide who the Rally's real leader is.
* BEATRICE WOOD, ''Drawing for Life,'' Achim Moeller Fine Art, 167 East 73d Street, (212) 988-4500 (through tomorrow).
Mr. Neilson joined the company in 1987 after two years with Information Resources in Chicago.
Mr. Jaffee was virtually a case study of his generation, a group whose outlook was shaped by the Great Depression, World War II and the Cold War.
We have been living up here for 14 years, coming from New Jersey, and run a country inn.
As Japan struggles to revive its economy, concern is growing that market pressure to lift interest rates could choke off a recovery just as it is beginning.
Aug. 10-Sept. 19: ''Lost Highway.''
When this was played in a Round 3 Leko-Topalov game, Black played 16 .
Born in Hungary, Lefkowitz survived the Holocaust and immigrated to Palestine with his wife, Dina.
MCCOY TYNER TRIO WITH BOBBY HUTCHERSON, Iridium, 48 West63d Street, Manhattan, (212)582-2121.
LAZARUS -- Once you relax the profit requirement, you know, it's very different.
This is how he described his ability to work with Democrats: ''Here's a fellow that put together the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act, the Hatch-Waxman bill.
Private school students and those who are home-schooled were not eligible to attend.
If this really is your dream job, he said, you may want to get your foot in the door now, then prove your superior value.
hint, hint'' along with their lists.
Her mother took over, she said, recalling the period grimly.
According to Ilene H. Rosenthal, 42, a senior vice president at Young & Rubicam who has overseen the account from the beginning, the work started just after the trial of O.J.
But after surviving Game 2, the Liberty never trailed once in this game.
The bill's principal gun-control measure prohibits gun ownership for anyone who has committed a violent felony as a juvenile.
Stuart Match Suna, president of Silvercup, at 42-22 22d Street, pointed to ''the tremendous growth in feature films and episodic TV in New York'' as the fuel for his company's expansion.
AMY S. KHOUDARI New York, Dec. 9, 1999
Portadown is known as the Protestant citadel because the Orange Order was founded near here in 1795, and the parade from the downtown lodge hall out Dungannon Street to Drumcree Church and then back along the Garvaghy Road dates from 1807.
In the beginning, you're not really confident.
in December 1997 for the bargain price of $3.5 million, officials have done little with the land.
Tonight, before a crowd of 6,526 at Nassau Coliseum, the Islanders dropped their seventh straight home game, 4-2, to the quick-skating Oilers, who are unbeaten in three straight road games.
As far as I am concerned, he paid for it with his life.
On the other hand, the techno-choreographer Isabelle Choiniere suggested, a more refined and sophisticated approach to the use of technology in dance requires that artists become familiar enough with the technology to develop a relationship as intimate as that between dance partners.
Rival stations warred over her services, driving her yearly salary to $250,000 in the nation's 27th largest television market.
Then the dealer noticed that the paperwork had been signed ''Jean Dubuffet,'' but knew that the artist almost always signed his name ''J.
''Ironically, that's what I learned in my first career.''
''The flight attendants told us to slide and run,'' he said.
The report came just as the Energy Department was considering closing its last laboratory for training in criticality safety training to save money.
Salo faced 37 shots; Arturs Irbe faced 29 in the Carolina goal.
IF you've been waiting for the weather to snap before going on your annual apple-picking expedition, you're probably too late.
Martha divided her time between her residences in Beaumont, Texas and Locust Valley, New York.
The deli has also been a part of his life since childhood.
runners finished first, second, third, fourth and eighth to post a team average of 13 minutes 3 seconds, on the hilly 2.5-mile trails.
The third of the trio, the Florida International Museum, housed in a former Maas Brothers department store, is not so much a museum as a 20,000-square-foot hall for hire.
Once again he is a player in the Triple Crown drama and once again he will come to Belmont Park as the second banana.
''Presbyterians, by nature, are not flamboyant,'' said the pastor, the Rev.
He connected off Jose Lima, who gave up three homers to the Cubs star last season, including No.
The total development cost is estimated at $30 million.
Chris is there, and Billie Jean, and Margaret Court.
in Education from the University of Pennsylvania.
Only when the tanker is empty.
Norval White is working on the fourth edition of the renowned AIA Guide to New York City -- but without his longtime collaborator, Elliot Willensky, who died in 1990 at the age of 56.
Sooner than others, Stokowski gauged the diminishing relevance of Thomas's credo after World War I.
Parks Commissioner George C. Clausen -- a regular rider at Durland's -- promised to cut a new gate at 66th Street through the stone wall to the bridle paths in Central Park.
''There are 50 people on it,'' he added.
Her father is the chief of medicine at New Britain (Conn.) General Hospital and a professor of medicine at the University of Connecticut School of Medicine at Farmington.
For Graham, it is his second concussion in seven weeks.
Some, like Wal-Mart and Gap, seem best poised to make the most of these advantages in the long term.
The guidelines were approved after The New York Times began interviewing cruise lines about workplace conditions on ships.
That's because no one stands a chance against the irrepressible Marilyn Cooper, who tends to wreak such theatrical havoc by just being dour and dropping her voice to a superior, condescending whine that reduces everyone to sheer gibberish.
''They have done a spectacular job in becoming a more efficient manufacturer and in segmenting the market.''
The Food Emporium bus carries about 12 people and runs continuously, but not on an exact schedule, from midmorning to midafternoon on Tuesdays and Fridays.
A partial audit by the Comptroller's office begun in September has revealed that instead, cost overruns may reach as high as $50 million before the contract expires.
When the director asked her to read a scene, she replied: ''I no read.
For Bosnia and Kosovo, the symbolism of the old bridge could hardly be more precise.
And they will pay off outstanding mortgages.''
They churned out their lone run of the game in the third, when three singles scored Ordonez to tie the score.
The scientists, who described their research in the current issue of the journal Nature, used as their knot-tying model the idea of a random walk on a triangular lattice.
There was no international debate on what to do, or any urgent message from the Oval Office.
''I didn't want to be trapped in the Long Island stereotype.
A Vodafone Airtouch spokesman said his company would not comment.
The Tweed-to-Kennedy service begins with two flights each way on weekdays and one flight each way on weekends, an airline spokeswoman said.
In practice, the game now is how to evade the caps.
He is an old-school Italian barber, a scissors man disdainful of the young razor jockeys now on the scene.
from hell, but the book was a model of common-sense reporting compared with the conspiratorial fancies that other writers concocted about John Paul I's unexpected demise.
How far can he -- or should he -- relax his devotion to the classics and to technical finesse?
He was a valued supporter of Berkshire Farms Center for many years.
Mr. Holbrooke negotiated the Dayton accord that halted the war in Bosnia in 1995.
Wednesday's concert opened with an arrangement of a traditional piece, ''Shinyachiyojishi,'' that sounded like Vaughan Williams's ''Fantasia on Greensleeves'': a well-meaning travesty.
So I said in passing that I'd heard tell the tomb is empty, and let my voice trail off.
Although Mr. Kanin said they never had a single domestic quarrel, ''the battles at work were horrendous.''
Mr. Luis was Dr. Zeifer's fourth matchup, and she was his 20th.
Loving grandmother to Michael (Hermine), the late Robert, Dr. Beth (Martin) Statfeld, Dr. Richard, Robin (Michael) Goldstein, Jaynie Segal, Dr. David (Dr. Leslie) Fein and Carrie (David) Harmon.
After a morning's work, Dr. Clarke has cleared enough rock from the base of the skull to insert a tiny pick.
''Our goal is to give people around the world the choice of what kind of agricultural products they want to buy,'' said Peter Scher, who runs the negotiations for the United States Trade Representative's office.
Mr. Bradley asked, referring to the friendly competition for the baseball's home run championship between Mark McGwire and Sammy Sosa.
Both handle dozens of burials a day.
Everything and everyone was covered in paper; the gargoyles that adorned dignified office buildings could have been wearing Yankee hats underneath, for all anyone knew.
On June 18, my husband and I flew on United Airlines from Seattle to San Antonio by way of Denver.
Our condolences and heartfelt sympathy to his wife, daughter, family and many friends.
Standard & Poor's today lowered its credit rating of Guangdong Enterprises Holdings to ''not meaningful'' from a level of CCC- because the company will not make principal payments it will soon owe to lenders.
A NATO operation forcibly entering Kosovo would have to anticipate all those threats.
A 25-acre portion of the site is being deeded to the Town of Brookhaven as a nature preserve.
But like everything in the world of revolving credit, that love has limits.
Restaurants, bars and lofts replaced Lowry's industrial vistas.
Then, on Sept. 2, 1994, he told her he wanted to take her out to dinner.
Mr. McQueen did not return telephone calls seeking comment.
''You mean a ferret dragnet or something like that?''
There has not been any sustained period of economic growth since the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
A3 Canada Redraws Map The Canadian Government has divided its old Northwest Territories in two, and Nunavut, which means ''our land,'' has been created from the eastern 60 percent of the region.
(Don't even think about substituting frozen specimens; they simply don't make the grade.)
''The place is hugely volatile.''
Archaeologists trace grapes to the pre-Roman days of Spain.
The dollar was little changed as traders awaited a report today on United States producer prices.
''Lots of people with spinal cord injuries are very sensitive to temperature,'' Ms. Chrzanowski said, bracing herself from the cold.
If they haven't already, people here will tell you there may be no more congenial place on Earth than Westchester County.
When NATO meets in Brussels, its diplomats will face far more difficult questions about how to solve the situation than they did last fall when they threatened NATO air strikes.
There are national and local television and radio commercials, produced in-house, as well as national and local print and outdoor advertisements by DNA Creative in New York and Los Angeles.
Actually, the cowboy is not the first metaphor brought to mind by Ms. Abeln.
''I braved into Internet stocks about a year ago, bought Lycos and sold it four days later at a $500 profit,'' recalled Mr. Moyer, the New Yorker.
Sixty-four years later, the event has grown into the Dogwood Festival, attracting 50,000 visitors a year.
That success was a result in part of the startling comeback of Mr. Santana, whose album ''Supernatural'' was produced by Mr. Davis and topped Billboard's top 200 chart despite a pop climate that ordinarily rewards youth.
B10 ARTS E1-10 'Toy Story 2' Leads Rush The movie box-office total for the five-day Thanksgiving weekend, paced by an astonishing $80.8 million opening for ''Toy Story 2,'' might not have reached to infinity, much less beyond, but it was plenty strong enough to shatter several records and confirm Thanksgiving's position as an increasingly important time to release new films.
And Lemieux does not want to alienate any paying customers from a team with an 8-14-3-4 record after falling to the Devils, 2-1, last night in the Meadowlands.
The Berlin show was an exercise akin to the agency's ''rebranding'' of Tony Blair's Britain as a mecca of hip fashion rather than the home of quaint old fogies.
staff recommendation, the agency's review will continue until a closed vote by the commission in June.
The city's economy, crumbling in 1979 after Birmingham's giant steel plants began to close, has been renewed by a carefully managed shift toward health care, biotechnology and banking.
About 375 people came to bid on the items with a mix of gallows humor, indifference and ignorance.
After the close of trading, G.M.
St. Louis now has 69 points and is 3 points behind first-place Detroit in the Central.
Repeatedly, advisers said, Mr. Gore resisted pleas from some of them to break free from his formal role and present himself as a candidate.
The six dancers in ''Ciona'' managed the acrobatic Pilobolus style with remarkable ease, giving it a soft-edged quality that made the piece even more interesting and drawing laughter from the audience with just the right degree of understated physical humor.
This will be the sixth location it has inaugurated.
''I'm still trying to find my groove.
Joshua Nkomo, the once-fiery African nationalist and guerrilla leader who was father to Zimbabwe's struggle for independence, died today in the Zimbabwean capital, Harare.
Go instead for the more refined pleasures of Warren Leight's offbeat story and his true-to-life, as opposed to larger-than-life, characters (2:30).
''I had a mirror put into it and I still use it.''
To cut costs on the Edison proposal, the school may enroll 275 students from kindergarten through third grade, instead of 375.
The young woman who was shot to death by police officers in Riverside as she sat in her disabled car was over the legal limit for blood alcohol content, according to initial toxicology results released today by the Riverside County Coroner's office.
''When we're asked to go to a place like Tirana, we accept a certain amount of challenge with that,'' he said.
(+) 4 4 THE OLD FARMER'S ALMANAC 2000.
Mr. Lukashenko pooh-poohs the disappearance, saying Mr. Gonchar is rumored to be in Russia.
While Auto Nation said on Monday that its corporate overhead costs had risen 71 percent in the last 12 months, CarMax's overhead has remained flat even as it has slowly expanded, said Austin Ligon, its president.
The lawyers pressing the new cases also plan to harness the same financial resources used to pay for the tobacco litigation, as at least three lawyers who played major roles and won huge fee awards in suits against tobacco will be involved in lead-paint cases.
Therefore Trent Lott, the majority leader, should be looking for an endgame.
But he told reporters that his main objection was the use of taxpayer money for the show and that the museum had not sought his permission for it under the terms of the lease.
To replace Mr. Primakov, a former Foreign Minister appointed eight months ago as a compromise candidate, Mr. Yeltsin today named Interior Minister Sergei V. Stepashin, 47, a Yeltsin loyalist and a veteran of Russia's security services whose views on Russia's trouble economic reforms are unknown.
As its opening position, Microsoft offered more modest proposals last week, including the elimination of certain restrictive contract provisions for computer manufacturers and Internet companies.
THROWIM WAY LEG Tree-Kangaroos, Possums, and Penis Gourds -- On the Track of Unknown Mammals in Wildest New Guinea.
But they know that they are astonished.
He said he was committed to increasing the pay and the technology available to the nation's forces.
''For a while, Hawaii and California were the hot spots,'' said Ms. Tomaru, who advertises in several bridal magazines in Japan as well as three Japanese newspapers in New York.
Lower floors house university offices, the campus bookstore, a dance studio and a late-night cafe.
''There are over 1,000 temples in this country, none of which are likely to disappear.''
It was this twister that carved a path across southern Oklahoma City on Monday just after 6 P.M.
But it's also true that he often acts when he gets a feeling -- a stock ''bugs'' him, it ''looks beat,'' he ''loves it.''
Countering accusations in a French newspaper that he has used an illegal drug, Armstrong acknowledged today that he had treated a rash with the cream but that ''it has absolutely nothing to do with performance'' and that ''this is not a doping story.''
Son of Mary Elizabeth Thompson and Francis X. McKimmey, both deceased.
Mr. Degnan was a member of the Palm Beach Croquet Club and the Westhampton Beach Mallet Club.
''I don't think it is appropriate for the district attorney to be announcing this type of investigation before the initial inquiry into what caused the collapse is done,'' he said.
Not the kind of thing you would try at home.
Heck no,'' Lucas said today.
Despite its shortcomings, this site is probably among the best on the Web focused on the professional tour, if for no other reason than its access to the world's best players.
And it often depended on how the club felt about you and what kind of player they thought you were.''
The chairman, Senator Ted Stevens, Republican of Alaska, said a ''tremendous surge'' in military spending, along with requirements for myriad health, science, education and agriculture programs, made it necessary to use some of the surplus for the year 2001.
Formerly employed with Cahill Gordon in NYC and a member of many organizations including the English Speaking Union and the Mendelssohn Glee Club of NY.
Benefiting from a bumper harvest and wider cultivation, Afghanistan more than doubled its production of opium in the past year and now accounts for three-quarters of the world opium crop, according to a United Nations report issued yesterday in Vienna.
Mr. Fitzgerald, who was a classics major at Dartmouth College and graduated from law school at the University of Michigan, has an affable demeanor and a tendency to lapse into wonkish commentaries on policy.
Mass of Christian Burial, Tuesday, 9:30 AM, St. Patrick's Church.
Those goodies add up to a major workplace inequality that stands unchallenged despite universal obeisance to the concept, at least, of equal pay for equal work.
She taught him about Abraham Lincoln and William Penn.
The bride's father, Michael C. Slattery, lives in Hooksett, N.H., and is an electrical engineer in Andover, Mass., for Raytheon, the aerospace and electronics company.
And the Spurs' guards Mario Elie and Jaren Jackson suffered because of it.
The book, published in 1979, was briefly banned by a suburban Minneapolis school.
(AP) HONG KONG: NEW MOVE ON IMMIGRATION -- Lawyers for 4,393 Chinese migrants filed legal papers saying their clients have a constitutional right to stay in Hong Kong, despite a recent ruling by China restricting immigration into the territory.
It's one thing to seize the opportunity to school Hingis on a sunny June day in Paris.
Now Dr. French and the owners of the office tower are considering trying to lure back the birds, and revive the channel, by building a new sheltered nest inside the tower.
When camp started he was the only player at right guard who had been here before, although he never actually played in a game.
They use the summer session to make up classes or take part in various remedial programs that generally run five or six weeks.
HURRICANES 6, MAPLE LEAFS 5 Ron Francis's 5-point night overshadowed a natural hat trick by Sergei Berezin as visiting Carolina beat Toronto in the next-to-last game at Maple Leaf Gardens.
The mood was lightened all the more this week by Mr. Springsteen's decision to donate the proceeds from the two shows, which grossed about $100,000, to four local charities.
Dr. Lonza said that recently, Dr. Neil First of the University of Wisconsin formed hybrid embryos using denucleated cow eggs and nuclei from mice, monkeys and other animals.
Broadway ''ANNIE GET YOUR GUN.''
The Serbs knew they were powerless to prevent NATO from doing what it pleased, but they have been insulted by the invisibility of the enemy.
He said, 'Go catch this bus because it's waiting on you.'
In its modest way, the Pearl has become, like Katz's Delicatessen, the Strand bookstore or the Chelsea Hotel, another certifiably quirky New York institution, sticking stubbornly to its guns, paying little heed to what the rest of the world deems fashionable.
''I just didn't want that situation to get any worse,'' Irabu said.
Though he tried to work Thursday, Dr. Broderick, 32, was spirited by colleagues into one of his stirrup-equipped examination chairs to recuperate for a few hours.
The state dinosaur is the hadrosaurus Foulkii (the first dinosaur skeleton discovered in the state was found in Haddonfield in 1858).
Jeff Gordon, who won the pole and the Daytona 500 in February, qualified 11th.
Their progeny cells divide rapidly and can differentiate into both neurons and the support cells that are found copiously throughout the brain.
Yet the mining company supported his research, and he dedicates the book to its chairman and those of other mining interests in the region ''in the hope that .
The police said the first robbery occurred on Feb. 6, and the last was on June 19.
Ellen Dion, an English teacher who conducted the class this year, said when former students are asked what they remember most about high school, they point to this class.
But many could not find it.
Adult cells typically have their genes permanently switched off, save those needed for specific roles.
Now Mr. Primakov, his political fortunes slipping, is having to wade, albeit gingerly, into the nasty political battles that have clouded Russia's political choices as the nation moves inexorably into the post-Yelt sin era.
But they felt that even one such class at Boston College violated the university's code.
And he is able to parrot the same kinds of questions that really get asked under such circumstances.
In the merger, 1.815 Healtheon shares will be exchanged for each WebMD share, so that existing shareholders of each company will have about 50 percent of the new company.
The walls are covered by thousands of simulated butterflies that periodically snap and vibrate, creating a pleasing, all-over twittering (Johnson).
Collaborative filtering, already used by popular sites like Amazon.com, is a technology that analyzes customers' buying patterns and preferences and makes recommendations based on the buying habits of other consumers with similar profiles.
Every day, a polite police officer with a bullhorn has warned the demonstrators that they would be arrested if they failed to move from the entrance to Police Headquarters.
On Jan. 15 Geneva skipped a $9 million interest payment on its 9.5 percent senior notes, due in 2004, to conserve cash.
Many events, like the American Cancer Society's Relay for Life in June, are held on closed tracks to avoid the quagmire of municipal approvals needed by the larger tours.
It would be the first gang-eviction law in the country, and if, as expected, it is passed by the town board on April 27, it might be only a matter of time before it faces a legal challenge.
With the addition of Dr. Novello, New York left the bottom tier of states, with women accounting for one out of every four of Gov.
This is evolution, not revolution, of course.
Mrs. Castello's parents bought and restored old houses in Rhode Island, so she was not daunted by the condition of the house.
But Vladim Putin, the secretary of the Security Council, said Mr. Yeltsin had approved a ''blueprint for the development and use of non-strategic nuclear weapons.''
You're going to go back to your committees.
3:50:14 7368 Deiro, M, 40M .
''Atomic Train'' takes an exceptionally dark turn in the second episode and becomes a different sort of disaster movie.
It was printed in flowery letters.
Here 14 girls, 2 boys and Coach Patti Haindl said they are intent on breaking stereotypes that cheerleaders are just girls who perform cute routines on the sidelines, wearing short skirts and speaking in drawls that could cook grits.
A crowd of 53,820 -- the third sellout of the season at Shea -- went wild.
Athens was a warrior state, and Athena wore the armor of her aegis into battle.
''I can't say authoritatively there is no work going on on,'' he said in an interview with reporters at the Pentagon today.
In the Treasury market, bond prices fell and long-term interest rates moved higher after Japan reported surprisingly strong economic growth in the first quarter, leading some investors to worry that a revival of global growth would ignite inflation in the United States.
''We continue to maintain that the government should not be in the business of seizing people's cars without their requisite legal authority and even if authorized, it should not do so prior to trial and conviction,'' he said.
She knew she had to see a floor plan before its potential would be clear.
Terse but resonant paintings or drawings are among the best art of the latter years of the survey.
Private environmental groups said the Federal officials appeared to be retreating from a strong anti-pollution stance, while officials from rural and suburban communities around the reservoirs said special Federal rules for the city watersheds were unnecessary and would hamper local development.
For the record, the bottom line should have read 27,189 major crimes, a decrease of only 9.5 percent from 1997.
''This was the real, authentic Godzilla that we've been waiting to see,'' Mr. Fukushima said.
Not that Mr. Malick is antipsychological (his next project, ''The English-Speaker,'' is based on the case of Anna O., from Breuer and Freud's ''Studies in Hysteria.'')
And the Commerce Department reported yesterday that factory orders bounced up 1.1 percent in May after dropping by 1.4 percent in April.
She ended her career with RCA Victor as the Executive Director of all A&R Administration.
Mr. Martin has encouraged the 53 Community Newspaper publications in Oklahoma to create a common statehouse bureau that none could have afforded on its own; the bureau opened four months ago.
Member of the AIA and BSA; a 1956 Rotch Fellow.
Mr. Dazeley sings Faust earnestly if occasionally dryly.
There are moments of high comedy, as when Cleasby's basement is flooded at a crucial moment in the Copenhagen battle and he interrupts his desperate mopping to receive, along with Nelson, the admiral's order to desist.
The original poverty threshold has been adjusted each year since to allow for inflation, and that is all.
4:22:04 15765 Nicastro, N, 58M .
Before Richard Krajicek and Sebastien Grosjean, the pair of marquee also-rans who toiled today in the final of what had become an anticlimactic men's event at the Lipton Championships, marched out to battle on the sun-blasted stadium court this afternoon, they nearly had to ask permission to use it.
Olds's video player is housed in a floor console between the front seats.
The American Civil Liberties Union of New Jersey is also preparing a class action suit on behalf of profiling victims and will seek damages and an injunction to deter race-based stops.
Investors were stunned by the economy's momentum.
At the White House Correspondents Association Dinner, the annual roast at which the Washington press corps honors the President, mingles with Government sources and -- in recent years -- gawks at Hollywood celebrities, the level of surrealism was high.
With eerily perfect timing, ''South Park'' addresses the current national debate about the Motion Picture Association of America's movie ratings and President Clinton's call for exhibitors to enforce them vigorously.
Neither man revealed how long they conferred.
Another was a hard slash to Brian Holzinger after he crashed Modano hard into the boards.
Prior to his death, he donated his numerous important clocks and watches to the Frick Collection.
American ambassadors in European capitals made coordinated approaches before the Europeans agreed on the details in Helsinki this month, asking in no uncertain terms for close coordination with NATO and assurances that the European force would strengthen the alliance and not weaken it, according to French and American officials.
Two antibodies from Abgenix itself are already in clinical trials -- one for cancer and one for psoriasis, the skin disease.
Of course, in that case, their grand week will be severely curtailed.
Crew pressed home the message that his once warm and personal partnership with Mr. Giuliani had deteriorated dramatically.
Three hours later Gonzalez was vesting for Mass at the Church of Santa Cecilia, in El Barrio.
A third of its members are new.
Another boy leaned over and whispered the name of the square-cut athlete: Dutch Reagan.
But Sinn Fein argues that disarmament was never a precondition to putting the plan into place, and that the I.R.A.
The Athletics squandered a 7-2 lead before the eighth-inning outburst.
With love, your chosen family
One hopes that future scholars will reintegrate Picasso's ceramics into his work as a whole and consider it in relation to the work of his contemporaries in the fields of both art and craft.
When they were built in the 17th and 18th centuries, Virginia was an English colony, and the Church of England was the established church in Virginia.
For snowboarding, that means broken wrists and foot bones (just below the ankle).
Residents closest to the fire, such as those in Hartford's South End and Wethersfield Cove neighborhoods, were advised to stay inside with windows closed as much as possible.
''All the ingredients for separation -- the chaos, exhaustion and long lines of refugees, people being sent to different places -- are there,'' said a Unicef spokesman, Patrick McCormick.
Had the President and his associates provided all the evidence on Whitewater and the other assorted scandals when they were invited to, Mrs. Clinton would not have to worry about Mr. Starr's final report.
Heat a nonstick skillet over medium-high heat.
Mr. Rabun supports electronic security systems in maternity wards, but only to a point.
In fact, the whole event was a performance and most of it was filmed: videos of the meeting, the porn movie and reaction shots of all involved are projected on a wall in the back gallery.
And what memories are evoked by these and other things gathered for the exhibition ''Kid Stuff: Great Toys From Our Childhood,'' on view through Oct. 17 at the Shelburne Museum in Vermont.
He was one of the only holdovers embraced by the Clinton Administration.
And our world at Daytop became brighter overnight.
The Stone Creek Inn, 405 Montauk Highway, East Quogue (653-6770), will be celebrating Bastille Day on Wednesday with a special three-course, $25 prix fixe dinner.
But, of course, there is the fear the program may be stopped.
In hearings before a hostile Congress during the last two years, even the few working artists, curators and museum directors called to testify have taken a similar line, mixed with assurances that local craftsmen and grandmothers are eligible for grants, too.
But not all animals are so savvy.
's presidency after he and several other union presidents joined to push out his predecessor, Lane Kirkland.
Some attempt is made to organize the selections in grand thematic categories, like ''The Primal Curse,'' ''Compensations and Rewards,'' or ''Women's Work and Child Labor.''
Pittsburgh (13-15, 4-13), which won its last two games at the buzzer, trailed by 10 points at halftime and never threatened in the second half as Miami posted its most lopsided victory of the season.
The quartet -- John Tchicai on saxophones, Roswell Rudd on trombone, Lewis Worrell on bass and Milford Graves on drums, with Amiri Baraka (then called Leroi Jones) intoning poetry on one piece -- made one album for the quixotic ESP-Disk label in 1964 and another in Holland before its members scattered.
''Once that begins to happen, then it becomes a substantive change.
New Jersey Transit also issued a letter of intent that it would award a $604.5 million construction contract to a consortium led by Bectel Infrastructure, of Gaithersburg, Md., to build the rest of the line.
It was only due to her disability and access to Nassau Suffolk Law Services that a travesty of justice was averted, after a two-and-a-half-year legal battle.
Ladysmith's winning manner and uplifting harmony and rhythm helped mask the major programming problem: an overdose of unfamiliar material in another language.
I can honestly say that.
Also on the bill are Red Plastic Bag, Charles Dougherty and Circle of Friends and, just for the holidays, St. Paul's Baptist Church Youth Choir.
Five Kyrgyz hostages were freed this week.
And for some reason, watching soap operas on television makes people happy (''I think they've got imaginary friends there,'' he said.)
Another Jets quarterback, Ray Lucas, emerged from this X-ray room Sunday on crutches with a sprained ankle.
Mary Kay Bergman, whose many voices were heard on ''South Park'' and in other animated television shows and films, died on Nov. 11 at her home in Los Angeles.
Political analysts said the speech would be his last chance to explain why he should not be tossed on the political scrap heap.
His congregation has been meeting at the church at West 126th Street and Broadway since 1993, when Father Barrios was removed from his previous post at St. Ann's Church in the Mott Haven section of the Bronx.
That's the job of Princeton Video Imaging of Lawrenceville.
Mr. Ogdon, on the other hand, found her captivating.
It is at that moment, still high above the sprawling toll plaza and curling around the portion of roadway known to local denizens as the helix, that a southeasterly view opens up on all of lower Manhattan.
Chief Judge Charles H. Haden 2nd of the United States District Court in Charleston, W.Va., ruled last month that the state had for years violated federal mining and clean-water laws by permitting the blockage of hundreds of miles of vital valley streams with the waste from the mining of dynamited mountaintops.
The visitors craned for a better look at Bramasole, the apricot-colored 18th-century villa below an Etruscan wall, the center of the odyssey that turned a middle-aged creative writing teacher at San Francisco State University into a best-selling author and cult figure.
said Representative Tom Campbell, Republican of California.
In New York last week to promote his latest movie, ''My Life So Far,'' Mr. McDowell invited his dealer along for the excursion.
Mia Farrow will be the narrator for the concert, which will raise money for the orchestra's community outreach and arts education programs.
Even though 14 Assembly Democrats who have challenged the pay freeze in a lawsuit insist they would never vote for an unpalatable budget in order to get paid, the whole purpose of the law was to coerce a budget agreement.
A DICTIONARY'S main job is to answer questions, not to provoke them.
But Mr. Wheatman, a photographer, said he had spent more than $20,000 to turn the 1,000-square-foot rental space into a home.
Ben's memories of fighting in World War II, reminiscent of similar passages in ''Cedars,'' are by far the most powerful portions of this novel.
I started to walk him every morning because I felt sorry for him, and now, as soon as he hears my coffee grinder, he starts howling.
Jacoby is right, if unoriginal, in pointing out how thorough an abandonment of liberal utopianism this represents.
I passed through a few small squares, spotting the large, square hulk of the Portland Museum of Art, designed by I. M. Pei Partners, and some interesting-looking restaurants.
Several months after his retirement, the company was sold to Procter & Gamble.
scientists said that at the current rate of progress, the 20 billion bit capacity will be available in about three years.
Dr. Hornsby -- chosen by the Board of Education as the most likely educator among a large field of applicants to reduce the performance disparity between students who are members of minority groups and white students and to oversee the second phase of the court-ordered Federal desegregation plan -- said he did not see the strike as a setback.
In fact, when Mr. Collins unexpectedly scheduled a news conference for this afternoon and promised to make a major announcement about gun policy, some legislators hoped that it might signal a shift in his position.
We see that Promised Land of painting in these watercolors, even if he did not.
It was a troubling moment, and I asked Coates if it's his policy to remove every male from any car he stops, no matter what the cause for the stop.
That name came from Cincinnatus, the Roman farmer and general.
That is something you can't predict.
Those sentiments are not just an idle wish list; they help drive investment decisions.
John Muir foreshadowed the science of ecology with his belief that everything in the universe is ''hitched'' to everything else.
Billings were estimated at $4 million.
In public, he sometimes stands stiffly and smiles only slightly.
But his blanket was thrown over his head, and the bride's friends quickly descended on him, beating him with sticks until he could get away.
He likes long-distance running, to build his legs, and while with Boston and Toronto, he developed regular routes in the neighborhoods around the stadium.
had been close two months ago to an agreement with local units of the United Automobile Workers union on work rules for the new factories, which would rely heavily on snapping together large pieces of vehicles that would be manufactured by outside suppliers.
I can't say I wasn't tempted.
''Uncle Noble asked me if I wanted to play,'' he writes.
For a visitor, it is great fun to peer through iron gates into courtyard gardens (though it may not be as much fun for the residents) and imagine the private lives behind the lovingly preserved colonial, Federal and Greek Revival facades.
His counterpart at Societe Generale, Daniel Bouton, said in radio interviews that he would pursue his strategy of seeking foreign partners, joking that he was less concerned about a foreign takeover than a domestic one after being targeted at home twice.
He gave his metallic fawn Corvette a proprietary pat.
In Mr. Volpe's most extensive explanations of his actions made public to date, he tells Dr. Berrill that the brutality resulted from an error.
Even when Ellen cooks and puts on the kettle in the bathroom, sorry, nothing explodes.
''We'll get him here Tuesday and then start all over in New York.''
IMAGINE this: you are standing in what they paradoxically call the express checkout line at your local supermarket.
The tidbits of wisdom, the advice, the hours talking about dance.''
Mr. Prodi told reporters as his team gathered for a photo on the castle lawn that his ''new and clear'' code required commissioners to act in accordance with the highest standard of public life.
Even after I reconfirmed, the restaurant called the day of the reservation for a second reconfirmation, and in being seated, I was reminded pointedly that at precisely 9 o'clock my presence would no longer be required.
On the side streets, where doll-size plastic statues of Jesus are nestled among the geraniums, the Irish-American retirees who first settled the neighborhood emerge to sweep up the front steps of their peaked two-family shingled homes.
He added, ''Joan's shop is my favorite.''
''While I certainly would not want to hamper the rights of artistic expression,'' Ms. Quinn wrote, ''I am sure you can appreciate that there is an appropriate time and place for such performances.''
I realized for the first time that the process of my work was prayer.
That's why I'm lying in bed fully clothed.''
Has nobody in a novel ever read a book?
The mid-19th-century craze for cartes de visite, which at the time were postcard-size photographs of the famous, reflected the enormous desire to put faces to names.
One alderman suggested using the money to blow up the Reliance Building, allowing the city to sell the land clear and free.
Solas, a fleet-fingered Irish traditional band that features Seamus Egan on stringed instruments and whistles, brings out the kinship of Irish and American tunes on its latest album.
''And besides, everyone loves it.
A panel of doctors said today that a team of South Korean medical researchers had not proved their claim that they had created a human embryo that was a clone of an adult person.
He also helped open the United States Air Force Base in Thule, Greenland.
Mass of Christian Burial Friday 10am St. Josephs R.C.
THE unraveling of companies like Just for Feet and Jumbo Sports has dumped a lot of merchandise on the market at liquidation prices and cast a pall across the industry.
The Yeomen arrived with a first-year coach, Jeff Ramsey, only 31 players in uniform and a 3-85 record in the 1990's, a period filled with scores that resembled bad basketball games.
''I run the labs now,'' Mr. Richardson said.
When she was an infant, her mother, a member of Tito's partisan resistance during the war, was captured and tortured by the Gestapo.
for a sex shop, even though we're not one,'' Mr. Gluck said.
Even though unsupported conjecture similarly obscures violence prevention today, I believe the cause of violent criminality has been authoritatively identified.
That law, signed by President Ulysses S. Grant to encourage Western development and in the pickaxe-and-mule era of mining, still allows mining companies broad access to Federal land for just a few dollars an acre.
I think Martin misreads her generally wry tone as scorn.
Several days later we joined throngs of schoolchildren in Senator Thomas J. Dodd Stadium to watch the NORWICH NAVIGATORS play a midweek day game against our (by now) old friends, the Trenton Thunder, who followed us (or vice-versa) to the state's Northeast Corner.
Another bank was pulling out of a 3,952-square-foot branch on Quakerbridge Road, convenient to the Quakerbridge Mall.
Those grants run about $500 for a family of three.
You do whatever needs to be done,'' said Mr. Fitzpatrick, who defended a serial murderer, Michael Ross, during one of his appeals.
On beaches this summer, some readers nostalgic for the New York of another era will respond to Mr. Mazursky's mentions of candy stores where you could buy Lucky Strikes or Camels or a piece of licorice or chocolate for a penny, of the Loew's Pitkin movie house and nightspots like the Ruban Bleu, the Purple Onion and Bon Soir.
In 1997, a federal judge ordered the town to replace the system with six voting districts, but that has not yet been done.
The imbroglio began when ESPN acquired the rights to Sunday night National Football League games last year.
A number of analysts said they might cut their profit forecasts in response to comments by the chief executive, Ziggy Switkowski.
Vanguard would like to become part of the district's plan, but the fund company won't sign the ''hold harmless'' indemnity agreement that the schools want.
In addition to his refusal to comply, Mr. Diallo exhibited ''aggressive behavior,'' which Mr. Worth refused to define.
''He has an intimate knowledge of everything at CUNY and he knows everyone at CUNY.''
This wildly popular if at times preachy incarnation of the Kander and Ebb musical is now ensconced quite mesmerizingly at Studio 54, where it remains a lurid, deliberately grim presentation of Weimar decadence as a prelude to the Holocaust (2:30).
Woods builds his schedule around winning majors.
The issue deeply divided the Administration, which debated it for months, seeking outside scientific guidance from numerous sources.
Donations may be made in his name to Hope Hospice, 9470 Health Park Circle, Fort Myers, FL 33908.
He was 58 and lived in Bayside, Queens.
Route 7 is a two-lane road with a 55 miles per hour speed limit.
After the company's dismal performance last year, the board cut the salary of George Fellows, Revlon's president and chief executive, by 23 percent.
But that doesn't mean the disease they contracted is unique to science.
Huard found Tony Martin for 16 yards on first down, then Cecil Collins burst for 12 more.
Its large rib cage protects the heart and lungs, its long skull reveals 40 teeth including 12 incisors to tear into the hay and grasses.
''The whole team,'' he said.
As far as Mercado was concerned, triumph over adversity easily trumped test-score meritocracy.
In what many are calling the season of the straight play, a season that put the work of Tennessee Williams, Mr. Miller and Eugene O'Neill on Broadway at the same time, ''Death of a Salesman'' raked in the awards, including best revival of a play, at the 53d annual Tony ceremony at the Gershwin Theater in Manhattan.
''To protect what I have,'' Choummanivong said.
They are also protected from private lawsuits related to past contamination problems and given an assurance that the state will not sue once the site is cleaned to its standards.
She could be sullen and bad-tempered.
Lazard Freres & Company said yesterday that Arthur Solomon, who oversaw $3 billion of real estate investments for Lazard and its clients, had left the firm.
The boys and their mother, Julia Toledo, were hit by an Amtrak train at 2:20 A.M. on Tuesday as they walked along tracks in Fairfield.
The top-line Eclipse, the GT, which is powered by the Galant sedan's 3-liter V6 engine -- has been transformed into a smooth and suave sports tourer, with fistfuls of around-town torque, a firm but well-dampened ride and composed handling.
''This is also a guy who can't commit because he is so afraid of leaving a penny on the table,'' the broker said.
The investigation found only that he had left secrets vulnerable to spies or computer hackers -- a point that Mr. Deutch acknowledged.
He ordered officers to seize the cars of first-time offenders, and then said that even if a driver is ultimately acquitted of the criminal charge, the city might still pursue permanent confiscation of the car in civil court.
''We don't see that much mature scare stuff.
In a review of the medical literature on conveying bad news, published in 1996 in The Journal of the American Medical Association, Dr. J. T. Ptacek and Tara L. Eberhardt, psychologists at Bucknell University, stated: ''Our conversations with cancer survivors suggest that, even after a relatively lengthy period of time, they are able to recall what made getting the news more or less difficult.
Still, why it is that when something festive is wanted for a New Year's Eve Gala program, symphony orchestras seldom come up with anything other than Strauss?
Budget: The 105-room Las Casas de la Juderia, 7 Callejon Dos Hermanas, (34) 95-441-5150, fax (34) 95-442-2170, joins four old palaces and their courtyards on a lovely pedestrian street in the Barrio de Santa Cruz.
4:19:13 15027 Barry, R, 35M .
The United States, demanding that the Taliban turn over Osama bin Laden, a Saudi-born militant wanted in the United States on charges of complicity in the bombing of two American embassies in Africa last year, not only imposed its own sanctions on Afghanistan but led a successful campaign to add an international embargo.
''This really means nothing,'' said Steve Suma, who has three children in a Roman Catholic school and a fourth on the waiting list.
Eggplant salad is fabulously smoky, blended with olive oil, garlic and lemon juice, and the baba gannouj, made with tahini rather than olive oil, is just as good.
So it is easy to overlook the (pleasantly) homely hodgepodge of the two small dining rooms with their fake wood paneling, multicolored velour banquettes and paintings in a dismaying diversity of styles.
The slush fund was then tapped at the end of financial reporting period's to increase Bankers Trust's bottom line.
Open daily for lunch and dinner.
For information on St. John's, contact the World Trade Center, (65) 270-7888 or (65) 270-7889.
Arnott lost the bridge in his teeth and was cut so severely in his mouth last Saturday in St. Louis that he required several stitches and has not practiced since.
''What it is is the impossibility of being good -- and also comfortable.
SHOSTAKOVICH PROJECT And you thought the Emerson String Quartet would settle for a run-through of a mere 15 pieces on this subject?
At the old ape house she extorted bribes -- bananas -- at day's end by blocking the doorway of the night cage.
The broker, Ralph D. Smith, now retired from Sutro & Company, confirmed that account.
Zoo visitors are invited to create special Valentine toys and edible presents.
(''Those people think they own the road.'')
Peruvian psychologists speak of a coming harvest of resentment, drug abuse and alcoholism from children who have been traumatized by the fighting.
Paradoxically, with the exception of ''Law and Order,'' most of these New York-based series are actually shot in studios in Los Angeles.
As the ''anything.com'' stocks continue to gyrate on the Nasdaq stock market, the market's governing board approved a rule yesterday that would allow officials to halt trading in a stock in response to market news or rumors, even if the officials cannot immediately reach the company's executives.
And he has managed to make James Bond grow up a little, too.
Tyranny and genocide cannot be negotiated away.
And finally, there has been a dramatic shift by consumers away from refinancings, which accounted for a whopping 70 percent of all mortgage volume a year ago.
''But to do it during the race, it's a hazard.''
HALL OF JUSTICE, NANTES, FRANCE -- A major project by Jean Nouvel, includes civil and criminal courts.
''In some instances, where it is clear that co-workers or managers did not treat women properly, Merrill Lynch will take appropriate actions against those responsible,'' said John L. Steffens, vice chairman of Merrill and head of its retail brokerage division, in a memo to the firm's 14,800 retail brokers, about 16 percent of whom are women.
1, Pete Sampras, in the fourth round.
Defenseman Pascal Trepanier is eligible to return from a five-game suspension tonight against Florida.
The strategic importance of the Golan far outweighs that of Macao to Portugal or the canal to the United States.
The revenue from the place enabled the Calia family to follow a long-established Island tradition: pizza parlor owners who open a restaurant behind the shop (or in this instance, beside, it at 910 Hempstead Turnpike; 488-9898).
You might say that his art, at least as it looks to us now, has a quality akin to poetics, meaning not that his paintings illustrate poems or lines of poetry but that they emulate the character of verse: they're evocative and allusive without being explicit.
Some rivers, among them the Hanford Reach of the Columbia in Washington State and the Pocomoke in Maryland, were mentioned prominently last year but are off this year's list.
On the inside, it is mechanically similar to a small, friendly robot: optical devices mounted on three motors determine the position of the tip of each instrument.
5:14:44 26904 Pabon, J, 56M .
The rooms are clean and serviceable, but toilets are outside in a corridor.
While her heart beats on, not much else is working.
South Carolina (9-4, 0-3) was led in scoring by Jocelyn Penn with 14 points.
''It's from his most optimistic period of his career,'' said John Hays, director of Christie's American decorative arts department.
Sundays through Thursdays, 11 A.M. to 5:45 P.M.; Tuesdays, to 8 P.M.
No one here is suggesting that Ford may face a similar disruption.
This is a White House not distinguished by its mastery of impulse or its willingness to do the tough, unglamorous, politically risky work that could buck our instant-gratification culture and lead to a repudiation of gun movies and guns.
But he said he wanted to put the nation's legal system on notice that delaying executions can amount to cruel and unusual punishment for people on death row.
The father, Robert Bolling Brandasee, was a painter and amateur musician while the mother, Susan Lord Brandasee, was a professional cellist.
She is coy about the prospect, but does not deny that it is a possibility.
Indeed, Mr. Della Femina has observed just how ordinary, if artful, the Klein ads happened to be.
When it is The New Republic, a weekly opinion magazine facing stagnant circulation, flat advertising revenue, an editorial merry-go-round, a scandal or two in the ranks of its reporters and the smorgasbord of opinion that the major newsweekly magazines and television news programs have begun serving to their audiences.
In the sometimes hectic negotiations to have that freeze lifted last spring, Mr. Hecht agreed that his client would provide regulators with a complete accounting of his financial affairs.
B1 Deadline for Apollo Deal Time Warner officials were said to have notified Representative Charles B. Rangel that they would abandon their plans to take control of the struggling Apollo Theater unless he stepped down as its chairman by the next board meeting.
He made a final stop at Camp Bondsteel, the huge American military base that has grown out of a former hayfield.
Van de Velde became the first 36-hole leader at a major championship to be over par since the 1974 United States Open at Winged Foot Country Club in Mamaroneck, N.Y., when the leaders were tied at three over par.
On March 1, the nation's economic expansion entered its 96th month, or eighth year.
He had no idea who might join him.
A Clear Direction The Refuge and its staff were establishing activity schedules and operating rules: for example, should the electric carts be driven under the trees?
and the related Producer Price Index.
The Morgans bar feels more like a cave.
In a meeting earlier today, he told cabinet colleagues that while Israel had made no new commitments to Syria before this week's talks, it ''would not erase'' any promises made in previous negotiations during the administrations of Mr. Rabin, Shimon Peres and Benjamin Netanyahu.
During a prayer vigil yesterday for Mr. Johnson, the youth wounded by an officer in the Bronx, the Rev.
Past NYS Supreme Court Justice.
The station, a real alternative to state-controlled television, is run by Belgrade City Hall, which is run by a coalition of Mr. Draskovic's party and the ruling Socialists.
We were saddened to hear of the sudden passing of our dear friend, William Gottlieb.
Those sports have an extensive conveyor-belt system that cultivates and delivers athletes to major league sports through an intricate network.
Strontium-90 was released globally during atmospheric testing of nuclear weapons in the 1950's and early 1960's, and in far smaller amounts by nuclear plants since the 1970's.
My father was a cartoonist before me.''
The refugees's problems do not end when the cross the border.
''Most botanic gardens have a fascination with something foreign and often build a Japanese garden.
To him, rapping and breakdancing have played a vital role in easing the pain in the inner city, and he takes pride that Full Circle can easily transport its jams from the theater to the street and vice versa.
Screenings today through Sunday: at 1 P.M., three episodes of the stunt show ''Double Dare''; at 3 P.M., Nicktoons, including ''Rocko's Modern Life,'' ''Hey Arnold!''
What has everybody touchy is that India and Pakistan are now nuclear powers, and a third war between them could depopulate the subcontinent.
Mr. Doyle described his own leadership talent as a knack for knowing what his members need and sensing how hard to press.
This film is not rated.
Having those cameras allowed the director Craig Janoff to cut rapidly to Antley tumbling off Charismatic after the race.
Her art is deliberately modest-looking and needs to be so in order to shock the viewer.
Of all the justices appointed in the 1980's or 1990's only David H. Souter, a New Hampshire Republican whose career has only confirmed the worries of conservatives who were reluctant to support him, deviated from that rule this week.
For his Peruvian customers, he keeps on hand a selection of the popular television variety show ''Comicos Ambulantes,'' which friends tape for him back in Lima.
Previously recorded $5,181,227.48 Recorded yesterday 20,388.00 Total $5,201,615.48
A life-size tableau of twinkling grass and goofy flowers surrounding a loaded picnic table, a ruby barbecue grill, a glittering lawn mower and more, all realized in zillions of glass beads, ''Backyard'' is not only a marvel of crafty industry but also a funky, transcendental transfiguration of an iconic American scene (Johnson).
Tagliabue, who noted that his name means ''cut the beef'' in Italian, had another observation.
Lives in Oakland, Calif. Kim Dingle Born in 1951 in Pomona, Calif.
The decline in prices for juice apples, generally of lower quality than apples marketed for eating, has been even more stark.
But at least we'll be doing the frug.
Donald J. Trump was expected at any moment for a promotional party for the Miss U.S.A. Pageant, which will be broadcast live next month on CBS.
Unlike in their previous seasons, when the MetroStars had stars like Roberto Donadoni of Italy but no one who he could play along with him on his level, the MetroStars now have no such star player.
Closed Jan. 1, Nov. 1 and 11, Dec. 25.
However, Columbia quarterback Mike Glynn, who had been stellar in his debut last week against Bucknell, struggled.
A salvage ship that completed a search of the lower Hudson River yesterday found six previously uncharted wrecks, officials said.
But be sure to use them with discretion.
German Metalworkers Avert Strike Germany's biggest union reached an agreement with employers early today, averting the nation's first strike in four years.
Mr. Sellitti had most recently been director of accounting and auditing for the New York region.
Juan Battista, the construction worker who installed it, used only 3, the police said.
It takes Randy Newman just 2 minutes 43 seconds to deliver ''The World Isn't Fair,'' the year's most searching song about the state of the Union on the edge of the millennium, from his recent album, ''Bad Love.''
But that ''and one day'' left me bereft and exhausted and feeling empty; and that ''and one day'' is just what I want when in the process of encountering a certain aspect of my world.
And you would have to be from another planet to be unaware of the spectacular success of the iMac, which was introduced a year ago.
The house is open April through November, Wednesdays and Thursdays noon to 3 P.M. and weekends from 1 to 4 P.M.
''I think that one of the most tragic and disheartening things about the Rampart scandal is that the L.A.P.D.
Mr. Reddan, an engineer, was vice president for operations at Koren-DiResta Construction Company in the early 1990's when the company built P.S.
The employees of Century Operating Corp. note with profound sorrow the passing of Mr. Louis Feil.
The time had come, he said, to drive the Albanians out of Serbia, according to an American official familiar with the account.
The true story gets even more ironic.
Australian soldiers moved through, trying to clear hundreds of people trying to leave Dili from the landing area so transport ships could begin to unload troops and supplies on Tuesday.
Three sites: Madison, Clinton, Wallingford gold courses.
A gentleman, a scholar, a friend without equal, a person who savored life to the fullest and shared it with family and friends; compassionate, wise and deeply involved with the community.
Often it is Snyder or Dawkins or Henderson who are on their feet on the sideline shouting instructions to the Blue Devils.
Dafoe, who signed a three-year contract last week after missing the first 12 games due to a contract dispute, received a standing ovation just prior to the game.
Her father is the president of the Vectra Management Group, a real estate and venture capital company in New York, and is a trustee of the Citizens Budget Commission.
On the road, sport utility vehicles are growing larger, and so are their seats.
A renowned cardiothoracic surgeon, Dr. Madden served as adjunct clinical professor of surgery and attending surgeon at the hospital and the medical college for several years prior to his retirement in 1995.
Viewers enter a gallery darkened except for glimmers emanating from the little worlds.
And they reached an agreement in 1997 that DuPont would not increase its position in Pioneer for 16 years.
On a training run four days before the world championships in Seville, Spain, in August, she tripped over debris in the road and fell.
In effect, the jury said the companies had allowed the guns to fall into the wrong hands, thereby putting the industry on notice that it can be held accountable for violence.
Hollywood is what Agnes's Uncle Ambrose (Alan North), the man who says he saw Spencer Tracy through his weeklong bender, would like to call the resort community he hopes to create there, catering to other stars in search of forgetfulness.
Through a series of stylishly installed, atmospheric installations.
When Augustus Washington was born in Trenton circa 1820, no one could have guessed that he would have a solo exhibition at the Smithsonian Institution someday.
WNYC has also revamped its ''On the Media'' show, which is distributed nationally by NPR, and is carrying more live performances.
On July 6, according to two officers with the NATO force, systematic burning of Serbian homes began, often preceded by organized looting, and security has deteriorated further for the Serbs.
''I am proud to say Nancy and I have 11, but I won't indulge you with naming each of them.''
He has shaped our liturgy, our parishes, our prayer book, our publications and our view of ministry and mission of the Church.
Eric Ende, a pharmaceuticals analyst for Lehman Brothers, said the F.D.A.
Both Pele and Beckenbauer said basically the same thing when they came to play with the Cosmos.
''I haven't made that many movies, and each one is really a favorite for its own special reasons,'' she said.
The companies, by making a substantial opening offer, are also hoping to appear far more willing than the Swiss banks were to acknowledge financial responsibility.
Appetizer choices were more predictable.
In recent decades this once fashionable neighborhood, called the Golden Triangle (a fitting name, since it was gold that lured Denver's first pioneers), has been better known for car dealerships, parking lots, bail bondsmen, vagrants and rundown buildings.
In a vastly changed theater, where mega-musicals prevail, ''Salesman'' is a hit once more, proving that drama did not get better, only more expensive.
The alcohol level is high, 14.4 percent, but that's not uncommon in zinfandels these days, and it gives them the robust quality we've come to expect.
Several of the new residents are ensconced not only in their own paneled libraries but in philanthropic activities once mainly the province of Brahmins.
Eggs can be baked on a bed of almost anything -- cooked spinach and sliced tomatoes come to mind immediately -- but the trick in every case is to avoid overcooking.
Phillips's side claims that the owners acted illegally during the election, a charge management denies.
Whitney, now 19 and the top American male junior skier, practically lives on the frozen trails of North America and Europe.
Mr. O'Donnell, a classics professor at the University of Pennsylvania, argues that the trend toward informality points to a society moving toward less institutional control, a less hierarchical social structure and a more democratic marketplace of ideas.
The Justice Department officials who discussed the Waco episode this evening emphasized that there was no such friction between the two this time.
''But now, investors are finally recognizing us as the knowledge-based, technology-driven company that we are.''
Calenergy is also selling three geothermal projects to the closely held Caithness Energy L.L.C.
Then with the Lakers ahead 53-45, Pippen went slashing to the basket and was in midair when he was caught across the chest with a forearm from Reid, sending Pippen crashing to the court.
Lee, who lives with his wife and 2-year-old daughter in Bergen County, N.J., just a few miles northwest of Manhattan, is already at work on his next book, which he said will be about Americans in Korea during the Korean War.
''I have to check on the glass for the cafeteria,'' he says.
Her 1938 wall mural ''The Evolution of Music,'' was painted for George Washington High School in Washington Heights and can still be seen there.
Although he has published 17 books, written plays and stories and lectured for decades, the radio is home.
Human rights investigators have begun interviewing ethnic Albanian refugees from Kosovo at Fort Dix, N.J., making the Army base-turned-refugee center into an important site in the efforts to document evidence of war crimes against President Slobodan Milosevic and other top Yugoslav officials.
After returning to Moscow in 1992 to head the Foreign Ministry's Department of Africa and the Near East, he shuttled between Baghdad and Moscow in efforts to defuse several crises around Iraq, and took part in negotiations to advance the Mideast peace effort.
Since then, he has started to get better information.
In a deal that would create the biggest manufacturer of household cleaners, Reckitt & Colman P.L.C., the British detergent company, will acquire a Dutch rival, Benckiser N.V., the maker of Calgon cleaners, for about $3.2 billion.
Siebert, Brandford, Shank & Co.
Tomorrow through Monday, noon to 6 P.M. Also Sept. 11-12, same hours.
Devoted sister, aunt and friend to many.
Some 600 cutters, seamstresses and others work at tables in Koruss's warehouse-sized rooms, cutting piles of fabric and sewing dresses, sweatshirts, sweaters and polo shirts.
The agency noted that the Energy Department does not verify that claimed reductions are actually achieved.
The airport is already too big, much bigger than I ever wanted.''
Government officials contend that Daewoo and Hanwha are different because Daewoo's tentacles extend so deeply into South Korea's economy that to allow it to founder would derail the country's recovery.
Hence the skyrocketing prices on homes, even on properties in desperate need of renovation.
Desmond Mason, who was held to 2 first-half points, had 7 points in the 15-0 run.
The gun used to kill Mr. Ileto, which bore the serial number BSM901, was one of two Glock model 26 guns that were bought in January 1996 by the police department in Cosmopolis, Wash., from Glock Inc., the Atlanta-area distributor for the Austrian gun producer.
Meanwhile, some analysts are quietly worried that Elf-Totalfina may already be stretched too thin.
(In addition, more recent photographers, like Diane Arbus, Tina Barney, Dorothea Lange and Helen Levitt, are included in the ''Posed and Unposed'' section.)
He particularly liked Mr. Jones's radical idea of concentrating on a single wine, chardonnay.
''Let's say the offense has provided cover for us,'' Minnesota Coach Dennis Green said.
''There's only so many ways to get to Rome.''
The purpose of the compact -- modeled after a longstanding agreement between the President of the United States and the American Bar Association -- was to try to remove politics from judicial choices.
According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, 5,398 people died in crashes involving heavy trucks in 1997, nearly all of them in a car, van, pickup or other light vehicle, not the heavy truck.
But doubts about his national appeal have increased amid a widespread anti-militarist mood among voters and his increasingly clear lack of popularity among his own people, the Yoruba, who have long been suspicious of his ties to the north.
PNC, one of the nation's larger regional banks, said its purchase of First Data Investor Services Group would make its own servicing unit, PFPC Worldwide Inc., a leading force in the processing business.
Patricia Henley's captivating if earnest first novel, recently nominated for a National Book Award, is about an American midwife who is working at a women's clinic in revolution-torn Nicaragua during the 1980's.
Mobil, based in Fairfax, Va., said profit from operations slipped to $650 million, or 81 cents a share, from $655 million, or 81 cents, a year earlier, although sales rose 7.7 percent to $14.25 billion from $13.23 billion.
During the 1990's, the United States has made a vital contribution to arms control and nonproliferation.
Founded in 1907, the company is in many ways a quintessential bricks-and-mortar business, the kind that the new economy of the Internet was supposed to overshadow.
'It's not your fault if they don't have anyone who can guard you.'
Resided in Arlington Heights, IL.
Mr. Moonves described the new schedule as ''a little bit aggressive, but not at all messing with stability.''
Judy Kaufthal, President Jeffrey Moerdler, Chair Diane Rubin, Exec.
The second thing is money.
Full stops and shaky beginnings.
The key issue still to be resolved is spending a state tax surplus estimated at $550 million.
Margaret Chabris, a 7-Eleven spokeswoman, says about 150 franchises have followed suit, as have many other businesses.
It's not the weather, at least not entirely, for I've been to totally silent concerts in other cities that took place in the dead of winter.
Hours: Mondays through fridays, 3 to 8 P.M.; Saturdays, 9 A.M. to 1 P.M. 301 North Harrison Street, Princeton.
Tonight at 8; tickets are $19.50 (Powers).
Fall, who wrote a classic book about the crushing French defeat in a set-piece battle at Dien Bien Phu, ''Hell in a Very Small Place,'' reported a telling remark by the Vietnamese Communist leader Ho Chi Minh in The Saturday Evening Post in November 1962, one of the first pieces reprinted in ''Reporting Vietnam.''
So the logic of looking for new partners and forms of distribution is not particularly threatening to publishers.
's defense, after Miami's Edgerrin Jones ran wild for 299 yards, as well as a test of Wisconsin's defense.
He cared, devoting much time and energy to many social causes throughout his life.
Bake an additional 5 minutes, and remove pan from heat.
The United States, South Korea and Japan had shown an unusually high degree of diplomatic coordination in condemning North Korea and pledging to slow down food and oil assistance if the test was carried out.
To win support from Democrats, including Mr. Clinton's appointees, Senator Breaux is proposing to offer Medicare coverage of prescription drugs as a new benefit.
''Aluminum is a market-driven commodity, so you've got to presume that the market will drive the price to wherever it is going to go,'' said Ronald H. Iori, a spokesman for the Ford Motor Company.
For the first time, Messiaen created an entire concert for the organ: a full two hours and more of music, with an obvious place for the intermission.
And the efficiency, or inefficiency, of the Jets' offensive line not only will determine the performance and health of Testaverde, but also that of running back Curtis Martin.
Nevertheless, Ms. Roth, who has teamed up with the Baruch group on several projects, said the multiple-investor approach was not for her.
Is it our best self as Americans?
All were treated in hospitals with very powerful antibiotics that should have worked.
So plain text is becoming more popular.
I BUY at least 50 leis a year.
Mr. Norvik defended the project, saying that although costs were running high at Aasgard it would still prove profitable.
The organization handed out orange towels with the number 613 (Holzman's Knick victories) inscribed.
From Marco Polo to Graham Greene, writers have relied on this peculiar high to lend a kick to their powers of observation and have gone seeking the drug in ever more remote valleys and villages.
In the past the chancellors have been criticized for giving the prize mainly to white male poets, including one of their own members, Mr. Merwin, in 1994, and Anthony Hecht, a chancellor emeritus, in 1997.
Jack English excelled at this craft.
Wednesday and Thursday at 6:30 and 8:45 P.M. Reservations required; $69 for dinner and show; $25 cover for the bar with a $10 minimum.
The Cubans, the officials said, were taken off an American government jet at Havana's international airport in handcuffs and chains on Monday night and driven to prison.
And that includes working with all elected officials.''
The Bruins (27-26-10, 64 points) hold the eighth and final playoff berth.
The business of subsidized day care has changed considerably in recent years.
''It is a problem that needed to be addressed.''
The rattan suitcase carries or stores washing; $125 at Ad Hoc Softwares.
He made 7 of 16 shots to score 15 points, most coming from the inside.
Here is a fresh, lovely contrast in a truly loving couple.
The Supreme Court has never addressed the question of student-led prayers at graduation, a practice that has grown up in the aftermath of a 1992 Supreme Court decision, Lee v. Weisman, which held that public schools could not invite members of the clergy to lead prayers at graduation.
This Kryotech product, known as the Renegade, costs about $300 and allows computer users to speed up their own chips -- and generally voids their warranties.
Police officers arrived, but found nothing amiss.
The Post reported that some Pentagon officials viewed the Army's low self-grading as a way of lobbying for more money.
But neither is Jazzfest an oldies festival; the first weekend included younger performers, like the bluesman Corey Harris and the zydeco band leader Geno Delafose, for whom down-home traditions are current.
Most CBS fare now appeals to older consumers, requiring it to prospect elsewhere for younger viewers for programs like the Grammy Awards or the Miss Teen USA pageant.
I myself confess an addiction to Vitalmine from Christian Dior.
Mr. Gharnit was standing proudly in the doorway of his handsome new bistro, Le Gans, at the corner of Gansevoort and Greenwich Streets, and looking up Ninth Avenue.
''The Kaplans call this soft fascination,'' Ms. Gerlach said, referring to the work of Michigan environmental psychologists Stephen and Rachel Kaplan on nature's restorative effects.
Today at 10 a.m. ''The Snow Queen.''
The Princeton Review, which does most of its business selling materials for the S.A.T.
For example, they eliminated the job of Caroline Smith, who works as Mr. Gulotta's spokeswoman but is listed as a $55,000-a-year research aide for the Commissioner of Accounts, even as the job of press secretary is listed as vacant.
But Senator Mitch McConnell has seized on the limits applied to independent groups as a violation of free speech.
The Knicks (9-7) begin a stretch Sunday in which they play five of seven games at home, with only two games against the Bucks in which they face a team with a .500 record or better.
Here are some tips to insure a smooth transition.
A memorial service is to be held at the Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel, 1076 Madison Avenue (at 81st street) in Manhattan on Thursday, September 9 at 4PM.
R. Straight to Video Other new titles of interest, some of which may have had a theater release at one time, appeared on television or been on videocassette in earlier editions.
Meets today at 11:45 A.M. at 1410 Broadway, at 39th Street.
The pledge is to ensure that the houses do not fall into the hands of speculators who rent them out and let them deteriorate even further, said Stephen M. Jones, the director of Suffolk's Department of Planning.
Survived by his wife Ethel and children Marion Jones and Donald, two grandchildren.
True, it has a fusty quality about it, its specific ingredients more or less what one familiar with the sprawling historical genre would expect.
5:49:30 29667 Barroso, L, 39F .
BROADWAY BABIES SAY GOODNIGHT: Musicals Then and Now.
C1 The Dow rose 184.26 points, or 1.71 percent, to 10,973.65; the S.& P 500 jumped 29.52 points, or 2.27 percent, to 1,327.68, and the Nasdaq soared 88.32 points, or 3.46 percent, to 2,637.81.
I remember our last goodbye to her; our volleyball team had worn our ribbons to her funeral.
You don't have to be flexible or fit.
''I think that would make an awfully big change in feel,'' Duval said.
When Smith dawdled about offering a contract, Murphy got a better deal from Boston.
9, as the gallery cheered.
The dog owners are thrilled, the dogs are well behaved and we've solved a problem for non-dog owners.
Iraq's supporters can take comfort from some portions of the document, such as its conclusion that while ''important elements still have to be resolved, the bulk of Iraq's proscribed weapons programs has been eliminated.''
And it's a good role model for boys on how they can be.
''You buy 10 wines from Wine.com in Napa,'' Mr. Avila explained.
The money, the professor said, came from a discretionary fund that made $30,000 available to him annually.
''With a total convergence of fashion and entertainment, the Oscars has taken on a life of its own,'' he added.
Mr. Tongue said, ''I'm sure a lot of Long Island is going to look a lot greener because of this.''
Throughout the many months that preceded the adoption, Mrs. P. repeatedly encouraged Darryl's birth mother to get treatment for her cocaine addiction, she said.
Three of the most distinctive voices in modern folk music belong to Dar Williams, 31, Richard Shindell, 39, and Lucy Kaplansky, 38.
''The Government says things are changing, but the people are still suffering.''
He said, however, that samples taken outside on the day of the fire and the day after showed no sign that the toxins had escaped.
''Turns out this was never run past news management by the reporter,'' Mr. Carey said.
''I never had a rebellious nature,'' Mr. King says.
And having a unified global regulatory scheme would be easier for companies than having each nation adopt its own rules.
''It has come in handy.''
He died poor, as he had lived, and was buried in a donated suit and laid in a donated Brooklyn grave.
When dealing with a foreign crisis, like the one in the Balkans, Mr. Clinton said today, it is far better to have the help of other countries than to carry the burden alone.
All the guys around the league are talking about it.
For example, in the colonial period dolls were used in mock funerals with doll caskets'' because child mortality was so high.
10 10 11 HEARTS IN ATLANTIS, by Stephen King.
Ralph McMichael, a noted professor at Nashotah House Episcopal Seminary near Milwaukee, Wis., recently commented: '' Dr. Porter's ministry has been, and continues to be, so rich and varied that it is hard to designate his legacy in the Episcopal Church in one or two ways.
American Airlines no longer publishes one.
''That has been so overplayed,'' she said in a phone interview.
''But when I was working with individual backers, there were plenty of compromises.
Gloats Schulhofer, a Miranda defender, ''There was no Willie Horton!''
As are Campbell and Jones.
''But the terms just weren't good.
Meets tomorrow at noon at the New-York Historical Society, 2 West 77th Street.
But Irabu had a small share of satisfaction, as well, pitching the final inning and twice moving to cover first base on ground balls to the right side, with a smile on his face.
Funeral mass to be held at Transfiguration Church, 29 Mott St., Thursday September 2, 9:30AM.
Despite stumbling down stairs, slipping on pavement, and tripping over their own feet, many Japanese young women said in recent interviews that they were willing to risk the twisted ankles, broken bones, scuffed knees, bruised faces, and other dangers associated with wearing the trendy platform shoes.
Dr. David Mooney said the idea was not that novel.
And on a 10-year Treasury note, the return would be 8.2 percent.
The result, he said, has been a torrent of parking tickets.
But his rival, Olu Falae, seized on reports of fraud and irregularities to dispute the results, although he did not say how far he would take his challenge.
Its beginning gurgled up fragments of the tune's diabolically fast theme, scattering them around different areas of the orchestra; then the complete theme itself leapt out, its phrases bouncing between brass and reeds.
Their long-term goal was to take this small territory, once a trading post for sandalwood and coffee, back to Year Zero.
While President Bush left the ban intact, Dr.
A3 Ukrainian Detained in U.S.
Some have initials or other marks carved into them, leading the space museum's president, Max Ary, to believe launching-pad workers gave them to Mr. Grissom to fly as souvenirs.
''We know there is still inequality, but this is more about just being with each other alone.''
Sony electronic toys with large buttons and universally recognizable symbols line one wall, and the play equipment itself includes a bubble-shaped lookout and a seating area with a cupola-shaped roof and decorated side panels.
The controversial All-Star guard has not played since November 1997 after choking and punching his coach, P. J. Carlesimo, and subsequently being suspended for the remainder of last season.
''The prospect of involvement in a civil war is very troubling to me,'' Mr. Campbell said.
She suffered a nervous collapse, but his death in 1926 at last released her from this cruel grip, and her and Harry's life began.
The easiest thing is to say, Forget it, this is not my responsibility.
''Nearly everything about the Music Hall is tremendous,'' wrote the W.P.A.
From all over New Jersey, letters poured in.
''There has been no official word,'' said Strange, a member of five Ryder Cup teams.
We extend our heartfelt condolences to the entire family.
WILLIAMS GALLERY Paintings by Thomas George.
-- be on the verge of profound change.
Tomorrow: ''The Secret Garden,'' a musical production based on the Frances Hodgson Burnett story.
''I think what I'd like to see is the pardon attorney's report,'' Mr. Giuliani said.
Mr. Enrico is the chairman of Pepsico.
To the Editor: After reading ''Castles, and Planetariums, in the Air'' (March 11) about the merits of CAD-based architectural design in regards to the Rose Center, I was struck by how little was said about the esthetics of good architecture.
''The most immediate thing that can be done is, there should be a significant, major, massive management shake-up,'' Mr. Giuliani said at a news conference yesterday at City Hall.
Needless to say, children easily get into character.
A few hours after they and lawyers had closed the sale, for a price ''in the neighborhood of $4 million,'' Mr. Borghese said, they and Louisa and Alex Hargrave, the founders, left Cutchogue and drove to a ballroom in the Marriott Marquis Hotel in Manhattan for a grand wine tasting called the New York Wine Experience.
If you're caught, the result is immediate expulsion.''
''When you are up in the woods shooting with kids, you just think, 'Hey, they like weapons.'
''There's not a whole lot you can do,'' he said.
Another, and definitely the coolest, offers virtual-reality Web sites.
The millennium before ours will be remembered not for the events that fill our textbooks -- the triumphs of barbarism and religion over ''classical'' civilizations -- but for the fact that for the first time cultures reached out and touched or almost touched.
After many operations, Wayne would pack hot sand on his leg at the beach to help the healing process, his sister said.
''She said that was a great idea.''
The broker added 332,000 active customer accounts; total transactions almost tripled, to 5.1 million, and assets held in customer accounts more than doubled, to $26 billion, during the quarter.
A report by the Health Care Financing Administration, prepared after a surprise visit to the hospital in March, cited one instance in which a 56-year-old man with a history of high blood pressure came into the emergency room complaining of chest pressure and a nurse determined that he needed immediate treatment.
The museum, more than 10 years in the making, has a home so plainly beautiful it barely needs art.
A handful of top executives and producers are ambivalent, at best, about sharing costs.
The Americans seem uncertain whether China plans last-minute offers -- something not uncommon in trade negotiations -- or whether its leaders doubt that President Clinton has the will or the political strength now to get a deal through Congress.
As Mr. Hill returned to the talks at Rambouillet, outside Paris, emptyhanded, Mr. Milosevic increased his propaganda against NATO deployment of peacekeepers in Kosovo, saying in a statement that Serbs would never give up Kosovo, the southern province of Serbia, even if meant being bombed.
It includes about 140,000 photographs recording aspects of Indian culture and life that have long since disappeared.
Reno Justice let Huang off with a fine and probation for his millions in illegal fund-raising.
''Old women are now being shot through the doors of their apartments, including two women in their 70's,'' he said.
''Basically what people are saying is,'' Mr. Surtees said, ''if you don't want fast food, what can we do to make it so they don't want to come here on their own?''
But as the conversation continues and the coffee cools on her kitchen table, a common theme emerges, which is that all of Ms. Tucker's pursuits seem to be about running from comfort.
Most analysts argue that the global marketplace has made it impossible to keep out the Europeans.
''He's an artist; far be it from me to try to get into his mind,'' said Rabbi Mordechai Avtzon of the Chabad congregation here, who stayed out of the photo rather than wear a jacket.
She added, ''In the commuter train, the level of my eyes is higher than middle-aged men, who are so arrogant in the office.''
celebration party that Ms. Roney and her husband and partner, David Liu, gave later that evening at Twirl, a club on West 23rd Street.
Recchi, 31, was the Canadiens' scoring leader with 47 points, but has only 12 goals this season.
Their firm was also convicted and faces fines of up to $5.75 million, prosecutors said.
I heard him intelligently challenge this simplistic characterization in an interview late in his life.
Kapler, 24, was the Tigers' 57th-round selection in the 1995 draft but became a power-hitting prospect, though he had a disappointing rookie season, struggling to hit .245.
The merchant's son and pauper's daughter are reconciled when Beauty is kidnapped by a pirate and lands on the island as well.
She seems determined to do it, too, with a measure of humor, evident in at least every other sentence of her perfectly idiomatic English.
There were cactuses, which grow much faster in Costa Rica than in the desert, and a palm tree that, Trudy said, ''you can see grow -- five feet in two weeks.
Political donations, he said, were ''pay-to-play practices that are commonplace on Wall Street to get lucrative government contracts and bond issues.''
But that means the other half has little or no chance of qualifying for retirement, and it's this group that is more likely to resign from the service at mid-career.
Viacom Productions has shows on ABC, CBS and UPN, as well as ''Oz'' on HBO.
But maybe all that success is why, as he awaits today's start against the Indians at Yankee Stadium, he might be thinking too much about his struggle to be the real Roger Clemens.
''It was loud, you know, it was a different situation,'' he said.
Olazabal, the two-time Masters champion, is Europe's most experienced Ryder Cup player, and if he does not straighten out his game quickly, it will hurt Europe's chances.
Cape Air, an independent regional airline, has provided hourly service to Provincetown from Boston for 10 years.
The United Nations announcement came as no surprise to people in the capital.
But Belichick probably will not be going anywhere.
Christmas Recipe.com (www .Christmasrecipe.com/) has everything from cranberry salad to hot spiced cider, as well as multiple recipes for fruitcake.
''Then he put it down and said, 'I did a second report on another country.'
He makes it clear that wealth is not enough to feel at ease.
Well, all right, he didn't say smartest, the distinction delicately preserved through the years for the championship Knicks of 1970 and 1973.
Art careers have taken off.
The billions in American aid and Israel's own technological prowess have given Jerusalem a significant qualitative edge over any Arab state -- and over virtually any combination of Arab states.
To this day, teams like the Athletics save money by filling out their minor league rosters with young Dominicans who can be had for a meager wage that a young American would never accept.
Michael D. Hess, the city's Corporation Counsel, declined comment yesterday on Ms. White's investigation, but said the Police Department had worked diligently to fulfill the requests from the United States Attorney's office in Brooklyn.
Now, with failing hearts and aching backs, they are negotiating old age together in a neighborhood like other urban neighborhoods in Philadelphia, burdened by poverty, crime and years of neglect by the city.
But from the second half of last season and this year, he's doing what great players do: making other players better.''
How come they can do it right here in America and how come our Government does not take action when the crimes are discovered?
122 (now Performance Space 122) stood as a vast ready-made home for the city's burgeoning performance-art community.
Ms. Madison dismissed a few critics who said she should have made her own video, and not used the hospital's.
But since the state has also allowed insurance companies to create a new pricing system and nearly half the state's drivers might be looking at overall increases, drivers need to check with insurance agents or companies to find out if they will get a 15 percent overall reduction or find themselves paying more.
''We wrote the music together,'' Mr. Buffett said, explaining that Chief Hawk Pope, who lives in Cincinnati, went to his own studio in Kentucky to ''sing ancestral songs.''
''Wireless offers the ability to extend a user's communications, their entertainment system, their commercial transactions to an anytime, anywhere paradigm,'' Mr. Redman said.
Portland may seem like a long way to go for a Sargent postscript, which is what this show really is, but the trip is rewarded by the museum's main attraction, the exhibition ''Love and the American Dream: The Art of Robert Indiana,'' organized by Aprile Gallant.
During high season (Christmas and New Year's, April to October), doubles start at $386, suites at $857.
''You are to stop trying to manipulate the state's questions with your own questions to serve your purposes,'' Judge Lee said.
Kenneth Mead, the inspector general of the department, said the industry's economic structure, with drivers widely paid by the mile instead of the hour, would have to change to make the system safer.
Since Silicon Graphics announced last week that it would seek a manufacturing and marketing partner for its Windows NT-based work stations, speculation has centered on Dell as the likely candidate.
The Santa Fe Opera's season starts with Emmerich Kalman's ''Countess Maritza'' and proceeds to Bizet's ''Carmen,'' Mozart's ''Idomeneo'' with Jerry Hadley, Strauss's ''Ariadne auf Naxos'' and Poulenc's ''Dialogues of the Carmelites.''
Responding to criticism for his statement this week that the defectors should be met with bouquets rather than handcuffs, Mr. Hun Sen said his first priority had been to secure peace and that the question of trials was the next order of business.
Last night Richter's ''Four Forest Lake'' (1969), a foggy photo-based painting, estimated to sell for $1 million to $1.5 million, was bought by Simon de Pury, the former chairman of Sotheby's Europe who is now a private dealer, for $1 million.
The contest prizes will be awarded in New York City next week.
At the Vineyard three years ago she established the Daryl Roth Creative Spirit Award, a $5,000 annual grant, half of which goes to the theater and half to the artist.
New Amsterdam Theater, 214 West 42d Street, (212) 307-4747.
And there have been some comparison shopping services, but they have often been on small sites started as hobbies or technology demonstrations.
Scrape batter into pan, smoothing the surface.
Investigators say that Mrs. Hiett, 36, told them she had been unaware of the true contents of the packages, which she said she had mailed at the behest of her husband's chauffeur, Jorge Alfonso Ayala, a Colombian national.
Alex Castellanos, a Republican media consultant, said: ''Quayle and Lamar have had years.
The tethers, designed to keep all four wheels from coming off the cars during high-speed crashes, were mandated last week and had to be hastily prepared and installed.
Fines Sears on Child Labor The Department of Labor announced a $325,000 fine against Sears, Roebuck & Company after investigators uncovered 227 teen-agers working in violation of child labor laws at 44 of the 71 Sears stores they visited in 23 states.
He refused, saying he felt he could express his views to the jury better.
It sounds so much like one of those tacky winter sports.
It does especially well with cold dishes, like an eggplant salad that is smooth, creamy and smoky; cool homemade yogurt that is thick and almost as rich as sour cream, filled with cucumbers and topped with shredded mint, and salty little rolls of phyllo-wrapped feta cheese that are crunchy and delicious enough to disappear in two bites.
''It's a mom-and-pop kind of community.''
Unfortunately, the play never fulfills its ambition.
''The reason they are shooting him is they think he has the gun,'' he said.
Reyna seemed to win all his battles in the bright sunshine.
Next season, he will use a specially designed helmet that absorbs shock better than the helmets he used when he played with the Atlanta Falcons and St. Louis Rams.
At the time, fleas for research were bred on live animals, mainly cats and dogs.
Hang said in an interview that the environmental risks around Old House Lane were about average for downstate New York.
Tonight and tomorrow night at 7, Carter Barron Amphitheater, 16th Street and Colorado Avenue, Washington, (202) 467-4600.
Kira Sushi 575 Main Street (Route 128) Armonk.
Experts believe that such patients are more likely to benefit from the training.
Members of the losing team waited outside the gym at Intermediate School 320 in Crown Heights, where the game was played, the police said, and five of them overpowered Michael and chased and beat one of his teammates.
The twin harbors of the old banana port are backed by mountains; there are comfortable hotels.
And the cost of land has risen over the last two years.
BASEBALL American League AL--Suspended Seattle RHP Frankie Rodriguez seven games and New York Yankees RHP Jason Grimsley three games and fined both players an undisclosed amount for their actions that led to a brawl during Friday's game.
But the most significant thing for Heritage of Gold may be her versatility.
These are soothing words, but not entirely reassuring given the fact that ever since NATO's strikes began six weeks ago, allied officials have relied primarily on laser- and satellite-guided weapons.
Wilson, son of the Mets coach Mookie Wilson, hit .177 through April 27, but since then he has batted .333 (30 for 90), hit 9 home runs and driven in 19 runs in 30 games.
Following are the results of yesterday's Treasury auction of 10-year notes and sale of 66-day cash-management bills: (000 omitted in dollar figures) Price .
''It isn't easy to prove something was stolen when there is no proof it ever existed,'' said Ruth Shapleigh-Brown of Manchester, executive director of the Connecticut Gravestone Network.
''This project is bookended with babies,'' said Mother Earth's own true daughter.
For some, the technology rally is creating a worrisome two-tier market.
The uncertainties inherent in valuations of assets and the potential for abrupt changes in perceptions of those uncertainties clearly must be adjudged by risk managers at banks and other financial intermediaries.
He said the tariffs ''will raise prices and limit supply availability and choice for U.S. steel users.''
''You can't just do a few fancy things, I realized.
In Mr. Staller's daytime pictures, like the delightfully surreal ''Tapioca Plants, Thailand,'' blue sky and brown earth are frequently the dominant motifs.
Operating margin measures sales minus the cost of goods sold.
But the overall economic and financial catastrophe in Japan is obscuring a slow metamorphosis in mood and method, particularly in technologies that make life more convenient and alter the way companies do business.
John Cardinal O'Connor called the show an attack on religion itself.
Now the Governments of Switzerland and Russia have banded together with Greece to send in the daily convoys.
He said he wants to fight again in the fall, which means that he will probably fight only twice this year also.
OUTTA SIGHTS AND SOUNDS The Nields, rock.
But some artists are more overshadowed than others, and among outstanding 20th-century painters, few are more obscure than the American Abstract Expressionist Arshile Gorky, the Armenian youth who, as Vostanig Adoian, arrived in the United States in 1920 determined to become an important painter.
Don Zimmer, the interim manager, said he will continue running the Yankees until Joe Torre returns to the dugout, probably sometime in the next week.
The top two Israelis running for prime minister did almost nothing to raise an alert to their country.
A new nationwide survey of 4,800 Russians by the Center for International Sociological Research captures the sour mood.
Exceptional members of his company like George Faison, Hope Clarke, Kelvin Kotardier, John Parks and Milton Myers began by choreographing solos for Judith Jamison, the Ailey icon, now 56.
The stage director is Benjamin Spierman.
The central piece by the Chilean artist-poet is a gallery-filling net made of thick, soft ropes of alpaca wool; they define and obstruct space without filling it and make clear references to South American Indian weaving.
Because of a lawsuit won last year by the New York City Coalition to End Lead Poisoning, the city has been forced to reinterpret its 1982 law on lead poisoning.
Mr. Devine said the company's huge Super Duty pickup truck had been sold out since its introduction last winter.
The fish has to be pristine, the timing precise and the olive oil flavorful.
''The Whole Woman,'' in short, does not give us the whole Greer.
A CBS News Poll released today showed that 50 percent favored the action and 30 percent opposed it.
''You can breathe new life into old buildings by creating a new economic engine,'' Mr. Rockwell said.
If you talk to experts like James Schlesinger, there is concern about -- and I don't want to go beyond what I'm supposed to say publicly -- but deterioration and weakening of these weapons if they're not tested.
sees a need for new approaches to better meet the imperatives of the Internet,'' he added.
For further verification, Andrews asked three Microsoft employees who also attended the meeting.
Privately, players and team officials have claimed for years that alcohol abuse is far more of a problem than illicit drug use.
He left the palace after paying his respects and did not stay for the funeral itself.
The lowest fixed rates were in the 8 to 10 percent range, and we were offered that rate three dozen times.
Christ, the new wedge issue.
Mr. Annan thanked Mr. Mandela, as well as Crown Prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia, who also served as a mediator with Libya.
''Sam got what he got, and the only thing to come out of all this madness is to make sure it never happens again.''
Mr. Noyes and Mr. McBride are in agreement that the divider was a Colonial Revival treatment, one that ''Kelly thought would be a neat feature,'' the latter said.
Such Microsoft tactics, the Justice Department asserts, are part of a pattern of predatory practices intended to stifle competition.
Even our squirrels turned into a media liability a few years ago when a London newspaper falsely reported that they'd become addicted to crack by licking vials in Central Park.
Meanwhile, he added, ''my obsession is creating jobs,'' pledging to bring down the 14.5 percent unemployment rate by subsidizing debt interest payments of small and medium-sized businesses so they can employ more people.
There are also six motel units, with private bath, and rooms cost from $50 to $70.
A LITTLE less than two years ago, a group called Taconic Investment Partners bought the old Port Authority freight handling building occupying the block bounded by Eighth and Ninth Avenues and 15th and 16th Streets.
''Violating confidentiality is an ambush that will drive many people away from treatment.''
The easy explanation for the change is that flush times produce more liberal outlooks.
Sponsored by Street Smarts N.Y. Information: (212) 969-8262.
''Economic development was one of the purposes envisioned in the bond act,'' Mr. McArdle said.
Yesterday, Mr. Martini met for about an hour with Alan L. Zegas, the court-appointed lawyer who has been representing him in his quest for a speedy execution; Mark Friedman, a lawyer with the New Jersey Public Defender's office, and several other lawyers from the Public Defender's office, who agreed to help him reverse his request.
The bus continued empty toward Hauppauge.
Mr. Hilfiger's shrewd long-running promotional strategy has been to align himself with rock stars and rappers, from Mick Jagger to Lil' Kim to Sugar Ray, borrowing the musicians' built-in cool to sell racy leather jeans and rugby shirts.
The concert was also, of course, an introduction to the New London Consort itself.
Beloved partner for 40 years of Ed Graham, brother of Joseph, uncle of Lewis.
But it remained unclear today whether the agreement would indeed hold together.
The Knicks and the Rangers have been sold and bought so often this decade that the ink was hardly dry on some of the players' paychecks.
3:51:58 7758 Donolo, J, 39F .
So with documents in hand, he essentially wiped the slate clean and set out to recreate the original vision of the galleries.
Exhaust from the buses could aggravate that problem, the community leaders say.
Williams, who agreed to a new six-year contract worth a franchise record $85.8 million last week, said he would donate about $20,000 to concession workers at Continental Arena.
Kevorkian will be lauded as a hero in history.''
The upshot for AT&T is that all of the billions of dollars and millions of hours it will spend on the technical challenges may pale beside the time, effort and money it will spend revamping its organization and deploying the anonymous ''back office'' computer systems that are the backbone of any modern business.
Schwab, based in San Francisco, said it planned to offer the service by year's end to ''active'' customers who trade more than 48 times a year.
The Giants' contract negotiations with defensive end Michael Strahan plod along.
4:57:50 24159 Callahan, S, 28M .
The studio, Columbia Pictures, is waiting for her feedback.
Later I got involved in a small publishing company, and we had an idea we would publish his work.
Ms. Boe runs a consulting and catering business called Mood Food, which specializes in concept parties tailored to each client's personality.
''They realized that if somebody files a lawsuit, everybody clams up,'' said Tomm Sprick, a spokesman for Union Carbide.
The Spitsbergen expedition fizzled out when the miners' bodies turned out not to be frozen after all.
The strangest mistake comes glaringly early in a description of Balanchine's choreography for Serge Diaghilev's Ballets Russes in Europe.
Each month, the couple could write a check drawn on that account to meet the high monthly payments until the President's term expires and he begins to earn a higher income.
''He offered no resistance,'' he said.
Between those two games -- both losses, by 2-1 in 1931 and by 6-2 tonight -- were almost seven decades of lore, much of it glorious, some of it notorious.
REFUGEES * Yugoslav authorities sealed off Kosovo's main border crossings, preventing ethnic Albanians from leaving.
Although Mr. Giuliani lost that race, he gained a buddy.
The marketing director has enormous power here.''
Oak Ridge National Laboratory and the Princeton laboratory hope to get Federal financing next year to build a small stellarator.
But that still leaves a message that taking stolen goods is sometimes O.K.
They pass 30, already there is a little problem.
In their meeting, Mr. Fox said, Mr. Nazdratenko gave him a week to convene yet another shareholders meeting and elect a different board and chairman more to his liking.
I think it will be impossible to follow the same path of Nebiolo.''
The very term Kashmir is ambiguous.
Come on, now, let's be real about it.
He said he agreed with Dr. Lee that the previous guidelines had an excessive ''moralistic flavor.''
Teasley scored 9 straight points fortheTar Heels (8-2) during a 29-6 run in the second half.
''He comes to Wall Street looking for access to capital,'' Mr. Jackson said last night.
The suburbs were planned all too well.
A reasonable itinerary for a 10-year-old.
TRADITIONALLY, a home with a view here has meant living on one of the many hills for which the city is celebrated.
My husband blissfully chewed his way through the breads of the world without questioning their origin.
His father is a professor of social work and the emeritus departmental dean at Indiana University-Purdue University, also in Indianapolis.
Born in Manhattan on May 5, 1922, Mr. Karp graduated from City College and served in the Signal Corps during World War II.
This particular program captured all the keystrokes made by the people who received it.
But he governed as a tough-minded free-market conservative.
But the Bard Music Festival, which occurs during two successive weekends jampacked with events, provides a chance for musicians and audiences to immerse themselves in challenging programs focused on the music, life and times of a particular composer.
Americans elsewhere need Congress to enact basic protections to insure that patients get the care they need.
President Clinton directed Federal officials today to visit America's schools and enroll children in a health insurance program that he said had fallen far short of his original goal of providing coverage to five million youngsters.
But since only $700 million of the budget involves discretionary spending, more austerity measures will be necessary.
But these prices are not likely to fall further, and they could begin to rise as some Asian economies revive and the effects of the net depreciation of the dollar since midsummer are felt more strongly.
What originally interested you in the farmhouse?
This is the latest hallucinatory vaudeville from Richard Foreman, in which sex is something that everybody talks about and nobody does anything about.
The response of McEnroe, who spent yesterday spreading the Davis Cup gospel, was predictable.
3 1 *MEMOIRS OF A GEISHA, by Arthur Golden.
The crabs, which Mr. Miele said abandoned the canal 40 years ago, started showing up last week, said Leonard Thomas, a City Department of Transportation employee who raises the Union Street Bridge over the canal so barges can pass.
Only a few entered mild objections when Dr. Alan Guth of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, originator of the first inflation concept, proclaimed, ''Everything about inflation is incredibly solid,'' adding, ''It's hard to imagine any alternative.''
In 1996, he said that other polltakers had overstated President Clinton's strength in the presidential election and unfairly labeled the Republican candidate, Bob Dole, as destined to lose.
Beloved husband of Jundy Cheng.
''I'm a smoker,'' she confided at breakfast in New York recently.
Mr. Armstrong has decided that the solution is to counterattack the Bells by taking the war to a new front -- off the conventional local telephone network and onto cable TV systems.
Mr. Reiser is an associate in commercial litigation at Stockman Wallach Lentz & Gamell, a law firm in New York.
Since then, she has had no problems with the device but fears it will malfunction again.
''But it's difficult for Mellis to go between two cars.
So images that contain intentional light or dark areas still need to be cleaned up by a person checking each frame on the computer.
He is also expected to discuss how regulators now find significant improvements in the private bank's internal controls.
But Mr. Fisher never fulfilled that promise at Kodak.
Jeb Bush of Florida, he said.
Shares of Trinet, which is based in San Francisco, slipped 12.5 cents, to $29.1875.
In lieu of flowers please send a donation to the Sirovich Senior Center, 331 East 12 Street, NYC 10003.
But Walden offered that the riders in the Preakness may have misjudged the surface.
Between campaigns, she had time to ski and travel and once took three months off to go scuba diving in the South Pacific.
The parents of four teenagers say their children, taken sick then, have yet to fully recover.
September ACTION Surely the most talked about new show of the season.
Loving uncle of Susan, Beth and Barry.
The authorities do not know where or when the patients -- who lived in New Rochelle, Mount Vernon, Scarsdale, Somers and Mamaroneck -- contracted the disease, or if there was a common source of contamination.
In identical twins, if one has autism, 90 percent of the time the second will also have it.
The show was a testament to Mr. Lagerfeld's far-flung brilliance, as well as to the Fendi workrooms, and devotees of the ''baguette'' handbag can look forward to new versions -- in beaded patchwork, sheared mink and a perfectly corny fisherman knit.
In 1972, Mr. Morita set up a subsidiary to export American products, like Regal cookware and Whirlpool refrigerators, to Japan.
Dear brother of Lenore M. Klein and the late Judith M. Riggs.
India denied a United States accusation that its companies were dumping cut-to-length steel plates on the United States market.
Clinton spinners are already distributing a packet of reprints of derogations by offended scientists, China-defenders and favorite journalists.
The Fossels' lawyer sent the Combs family a letter saying the bridge was being closed to them and warned that the Combses needed to address liability concerns if they used trails on Fossel land.
And if it's souvenirs I need, I'll either buy them where I'm going or already have them in my possession on my return flight.
responded Ms. Garrett, offering the stores ninth anniversary in early November as a date for the three instant friends to have a common creative endeavor, just for fun, which they named ''Wine, Women and Word.''
The Chinese Prime Minister, Zhu Rongji, plans to phase out investment trusts as part of an overhaul of the nation's financial system.
Kevin Maguire, superintendent of Half Hollow Hills schools, said: ''More kids today are tuned into helping their communities.
Bart McGuire, a lawyer who served as legal adviser to the WTA's age eligibility commission during the rule's development, is now the tour's chief executive officer.
Realizing that two men really stood at that moment upon the Moon?
At the same time, he expects a sizable portion of the deal's proceeds to be spent on buying back shares, benefiting shareholders -- many of whom never liked the idea of getting involved in the American soft-drink market in the first place.
A fine, compassionate, unpretentious woman, Florence was warm and funloving with great inner strength and a keen sense of humor.
Rose sent a letter to Selig eight days ago seeking reinstatement.
Industrial space is in the $45 to $65 a square foot range, he noted.
In one way the campaigns are still traditional: the interviewer wielding the microphone is always a man, though almost always the consumers being interviewed are women.
His mother is the director of the Center for Women in Politics and Public Policy at the McCormack Institute of the University of Massachusetts in Boston.
A Newark police officer shot a burglary suspect yesterday as he was trying to steal a car to elude the officer and the burglary victim, who were pursuing him, the police said.
Life is wacky but wonderful.
Felix Salgado Macedonio, the losing candidate, has accused the governing party of distributing food packages and other gifts to sway votes during the campaign and on election day.
When customers tried to reorder the machines, they learned that the same units would cost up to $350 more.
It was presented 562 times at the Paris Opera alone.
But the hours they keep are odd, playing a night game against one team and then immediately traveling to another city.
is taking part in the kind of fund-raising events that might have seemed ridiculously arduous a decade ago.
To the dismay of many of those in the latter camp, the Web made Usenet even more accessible -- to people unfamiliar with the Usenet way of life.
He said by phone last night that he had observed ''what a phenomenal effort is taking place up here,'' adding that a resolution of the case is ''certainly not going to be easy.''
Emboldened by the first ever Hindu nationalist Government in New Delhi, extremist groups now feel they have friends in high places.
I promise to write regularly from now on.
deal with ABC and ESPN.
For each grade, the new guides describe how the standards will be used to determine whether children go on to the next grade or are held back, and warn that no decision will be made based on one factor alone, like a test score.
Tickets: $15 to $68 (Jennifer Dunning).
The murders of the two deliverymen, Jeremy Giordano, 22, and Giorgio Gallara, 24, on April 19, 1997, drew wide attention because the men were gunned down after being lured, through a false order for two pizzas, to an abandoned house on a secluded country road in the town of Franklin, in rural northwestern New Jersey.
The White House did not specify who would be invited, but said the list would include educators, gun makers, entertainment industry representatives and Internet providers.
''This is the only team I have any intention to own.''
Asked recently why he had returned to Germany after his release from the camp in Poland, he remarked that Germany was the closest thing to a home that he had.
''BREAKFAST OF CHAMPIONS,'' starring Bruce Willis and Nick Nolte.
The first person who should be an example is the president.
''I got home at 5 in the morning; we lost a little baby at St. Francis that I worked on for a long time.
It plans to build four more in 2000 and 2001.
Unlike Ms. Brody's column, many reports about the Harvard study failed to put fiber into perspective.
To make filling: Combine all ingredients, except flour, in food processor or heavy-duty mixer.
Although Buffalo and Toronto are playing in the Eastern Conference finals, almost everyone around the National Hockey League agrees that the Stars-Avalanche match is the true championship, the real World Series, the match of the two best teams in this spring's tournament.
Sponsored by the New York Road Runners Club.
And a few go even farther: they might even be true.
A military spokesman, while not confirming the number, said the dead were guerrillas killed in an early morning attack on a rebel base.
''One has to reconcile this with his support for the Republican tax cut,'' said Marc Ginsberg, a former ambassador to Morocco and a foreign policy adviser for the campaign of Vice President Al Gore, the front-runner for the Democratic Presidential nomination.
''We travel a lot to see our family, and I'm looking for a good air fare,'' said Ms. Myers, who lives in Houston.
It must accept that there are limits that apply to a dominant company that do not bind lesser rivals.
''If the mayor is against the process, that mayor may undercut the whole process.''
Several complaints about the same provider may indicate a pattern of abuse or a fraudulent scheme, he said.
Michael Sanderson, chief executive of Eclipse, said the company would proceed with its late-hours trading plans.
Holik also had high praise for Gomez, who has assisted Holik on three of his six goals, Holik's most productive start of his career.
''The level of urgency for dealing with rare events just isn't there.''
A Columbia University employer-assisted housing program that began Sept. 1 has a dual mission, said Kenneth J. Knuckles, the university's vice president for support services.
Mr. Anderson, appearing in ''Death of a Salesman'' on Broadway, is not permitted to find any hints of goodness in his beast.
Ms. Cowles and her doting husband, Tom Montague Meyer, a retired British timber tycoon, were in town last week for the publication and the attendant celebrations and signings of ''The Best of Flair,'' a $250 boxed and bound album put together by Ms. Cowles in 1996 and reissued this year by Rizzoli.
One woman was talking on a cell phone, crying and saying: ''Her name is not on any list.
There are no immediate survivors.
These falsely claimed that the Moscow Ministry of Finance and Walt Disney World were negotiating to buy his company's process for turning scrap tires into oil.)
Texas is 4-0 against Kansas City this season and 16-4 against the A.L.
The Australians got them instead: first on a surprise drop kick from 45 meters (about 50 yards) by their fly-half, Stephen Larkham, in the 13th minute of overtime.
Its eight bungalows and large central lodge are set on the river's edge, from which the hippos cavorting in the water and crocodiles sunning on sand flats make absorbing behavioral studies.
Much of the additional money found its way into equities.
finds humor in the tameness of Stevo's wild streak.
Officials said the Justice Department does not have sufficient evidence to bring espionage charges in the case, but they also said the department was weighing whether to indict Dr. Lee for transferring large archives of classified data to an unprotected computer system.
He was especially esteemed as a master of climax, a calibrator of harmonic and structural stress who preferred paragraphs to other conductors' words and sentences.
Auburn (26-2, 14-2 Southeastern Conference) capped the best regular season in school history -- but only after Mississippi State (18-11, 8-8) cut a 15-point deficit to just 1 in the final 13 minutes.
Now 646 is here, and it's being assigned to new phone lines.
''It's a little frustrating, but there's nothing I can do but let the body heal,'' Sehorn said.
Hours: Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays, 11 A.M. to 5 P.M.; Thursdays and Sundays, 1 to 5 P.M. (973) 746-5555
They didn't know what to expect.''
described alternatives for a Second Avenue line in its five-year capital plan.
Backed by Latin American countries, Washington won a W.T.O.
She added that Adam had run off to Manhattan last spring for several days.
Then, some diplomats ask, would the entire East Timor agreement be in jeopardy?
I am proud to introduce Old School, a line of authentic men's wear from my personal collection of vintage prep school and college clothes.
Named Ed Cannon interim athletic director.
Providing basic medical care to this population makes sense both fiscally and from a public health standpoint.
In the 83d Precinct in Bushwick, for example, there were six shooting incidents in the last four weeks, up from two during the same period last year.
Last night, Benitez threw five pitches, all fastballs.
Emily recounts that Trevor's Wall Street firm represented the United States Treasury in 1869 when Gould and Diamond Jim Fisk tried to corner the gold market.
''My ankle injury really doesn't have anything to do with this decision.
However, Ward is the team's big-play receiver.
''Have you ever noticed how no executives' names are ever mentioned in a bad review?''
One of these exotic and unlikely multicultural, culinary combinations exists and it's not in Manhattan where the mixing and matching of unrelated cuisines is common but in Great Neck instead.
A Mass of Christian Burial will be celebrated at 11:30 August 21st at Our Lady of Grace Church, Fishers Island, New York.
It did not, however, prevent OEMs from meeting demand for Navigator, which remained higher than demand for Internet Explorer well into 1998.
(All ages) A collection of the text and music to over 50 familiar holiday songs, nearly half of them the modern secular songs -- the sounds of the mall -- decorated with illustrations from old books and magazines.
The upper school playground would be moved, and a new entry to the cathedral would be created, on Morningside Drive.
Mr. Kennard, however, wants to make sure that AT&T follows through, and not just for wealthy people able to afford the full panoply of 21st-century services.
The typists who took part in the study did not suffer from repetitive stress injuries.
The company also gave the N.F.L.P.A.
And as soon as Warner mentions an animal, you can be sure it will die a horrible death.
But the safety board may have identified two mechanisms by which a single failure could cause a rudder malfunction.
There's no volleyball practice today.
Festival Theater, Grange Road, Malvern, Worcestershire, WR14 3HB; (44-1684) 892 277; fax (44-1684) 893 300.
''I'm not good at pushing, or at cultivating people,'' he said.
He is characteristically unbowed, particularly from the pulpit of his Web page (www.mullings.com), where he has been entertainingly manic in explaining the capital's scandal culture to outsiders.
Push down the tiny button on the second metal rectangle, which releases the reflector.
I really am a New Yorker.
With Rex Reed, the critic, as host, a cast of Broadway and cabaret performers like Bill Daugherty, Peter Flynn, Jeff Harnar, Suzanne Ishee, Rosemary Loar, Karen Saunders and Deborah Tranelli will perform numbers from films produced by Warner Brothers Studios.
However, in response to a threat, it turns blackish-green, with yellow and white spots.
This year, the country produced a registration list and required that citizens get new bar-coded identification documents.
For Asian food, try Hunt Country's '98 vignoles ($8), a semisweet white with a confectionary bouquet and flavor.
But we're stocking up on Dom Perignon, which we normally wouldn't do, because if the 3,000 to 4,000 stores in the U.S. that carry it are also stocking up, that strains the system.
Sundays through Fridays at 3 P.M. Tickets: $12.50.
Dedicated employee for the Israeli Consulate for many years.
Kenan E. Sahin, a Turkish immigrant who studied management at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and went on to found a software company, has said he will give $100 million to the university.
National Medical Health Card Systems Inc., Port Washington, N.Y., an initial public offering of 2.5 million shares.
Her mother, Gail S. Rand, is a director of the Family and Children's Aid Auxiliary of Darien, which gives private aid to families in need.
One of Mr. Dell's critics offered a somewhat similar appraisal of what is involved in this case.
Property crime -- burglary, theft, and auto theft -- dropped 9 percent.
Her father is the vice chairman of the Asia division of Parsons Brinckerhoff, a design engineering company; he is currently working in Taiwan.
The word ''travel'' is not found in the text of the Constitution.
''Here's the opportunity to comply and they haven't,'' he said.
Loving grandfather of Dawn, Michelle, Lisa and Jasmin.
''We want it moved,'' said Bruce Parker, spokesman for the General Theological Seminary, whose main entrance is at 175 Ninth Avenue, between 20th and 21st Streets.
In the past few days, Mr. Giuliani's plan has received bipartisan support from City Council Speaker Peter Vallone, a Queens Democrat, and Gov.
As time drags on, vanity might be playing a role in the delay.
Allied officials have been concerned that public support in the West would be undermined if too many civilians are killed or hurt.
KING-Robert Augustin, 88, passed away on Friday, July 9th, 1999 in Memorial SW Hospital in Houston.
A fat toad, Steinbrenner called Irabu last week.
Human solidarity is a real fact of the world, but so is compassion fatigue, particularly in an era when press coverage of events is episodic, fickle and often trivializing.
''He realizes that the stakes are very high for the Senate as an institution and for his own legacy as a leader,'' said Senator Susan Collins, a Maine Republican.
A googol is a big number, but a Google is an impressive search engine that returns a small number of responses from a big number of pages.
I have tried everything, from boiling a duck before roasting it, to opening up its pores with a hand-held hair dryer.
Friday's my last day and you're welcome to this loony bin.
And while New Jersey prohibits the sale of ammunition clips that can hold more than 15 rounds, Connecticut and New York have no such ban.
Monterey Networks Inc., based in Richardson, Tex., is an innovator in optical cross-connect technology which makes it easy to move vast amounts of data over the Internet.
It sounded like a lot of work.
Since he began staging theater in the 1960's, Mr. Wilson has developed a distinctive theatrical language involving precision, stylization and a bypassing of intellectual logic in favor of one that is visual or esthetic.
But Mr. Walsh gave no indication of whether they were still pending or how they had been resolved.
AFTER GRADUATION -- ''After caddying this summer at a golf club, I will attend Syracuse University to study communications and journalism.''
A new ''Ramona'' book by Beverly Cleary will be published this fall; the first was published in 1952, the last 15 years ago.
In ''The Newsroom'' George is maniacally driven to mount dramatizations that play to ratings.
Yet many ordinary Russians have to think of reforms as a sidewalk game of three-card monte.
Mr. Clinton said today in his weekly radio address that he wants to keep guns away from juveniles and will seek $12 million for emergency teams ''to help communities respond when tragedy strikes.''
He is alter ego, surrogate, the channel for Cleasby's own twisted struggle -- by turns comic and creepy -- to come out of darkness.
But what she does seem to have are many of the skills that may be necessary if Ebay is to prove itself more than a hot stock or consumer fad and become an established brand.
season will be his last.
Take, for example, the night after Franchitti's first-ever victory last season at Elkhart Lake, when the pack celebrated at the best (and only) tavern in town.
Erica Eigenberg chose to give the character an impish quality, a kind of see-all, know-all amorality.
The final vote will happen, Mr. Czwartacki told reporters, if Senate Democrats cooperate with Republicans to move bills through the Senate; if Mr. Lott finds no new problems in a ''second look'' at Mr. Holbrooke's record; and if Mr. Grassley sees progress on his concern.
Instead, aircraft already involved in the campaign -- F-16's and F-15E's -- will be used to attack the new set of targets in southern Yugoslavia.
And all the qualities of that high-tech medium are eerily audible in the piano writing: reverb effects, echoes, filtered tones, feedback.
That constant checking of performance is not benign.
After selling their home in Syosset two weeks after placing it on the market, Steven Sklover, a dress manufacturer, and his wife, Joan, a secretary for a cable news station, found themselves in a bidding war for a house they wanted to purchase in Williston Park.
''I don't see the team treating people badly, or people resenting us,'' said Grant Simpson, a sophomore football player.
The airline is still little known outside Minneapolis, where 85 percent of its passengers now originate.
I have never been to the Yard, but I picture a dark and desolate siding patrolled by dogs and hobos.
Meals begin with buttery, light-as-air puff pastry twists (when we praised them, our waitress returned with a plateful), and Mr. Letourneur's good, chewy country bread and a free amuse bouche of creme de champignons, a dulcet cream soup, rich with the flavor of mushrooms.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, Brooklyn, NY.
A8 The House Republican whip, Tom DeLay of Texas, a driving force behind the effort to impeach President Clinton on charges of lying under oath, gave a deposition five years ago that is being challenged as untruthful.
Where others might fall into despair, he inevitably finds reason for hope and even a kind of irrepressible cheerfulness.
Microscopic Worlds It usually takes no more than a trip to a fast-food restaurant to find a motley crew of New Yorkers engaged in a feeding frenzy.
Jay Bell had a run-scoring single and scored on a double by Matt Williams in a three-run fifth that included a key sacrifice by Benes.
Still, hiring was nearly as strong as ever in most of the vast service economy.
Russell J. Verney, the founding chairman and a longtime aide to Mr. Perot, has decided not to run again, and Mr. Ventura has endorsed a candidate who has said he would shift the headquarters from Dallas, Mr. Perot's base of operations.
The State Supreme Court on July 27 denied Mr. Martini's third and final state appeal.
Burrell, described as the largest agency of its kind in America, has 133 employees working on accounts with billings estimated at $166 million for advertisers like Coca-Cola, McDonald's, Procter & Gamble and Sears.
All of this Khrushchev knew, and he waged an effective public campaign of bluster and bravado to prevent the world from seeing the little man behind the curtain.
In retrospect, given the Belgian food scare (involving dioxin in some animal feed) a few days after our return, it was comforting to know that the poultry and eggs we ate were raised on the premises, with no possibility of taint.
''It comes down to money.
The stock, which was initially priced at 97, soared 30, to 127.
''You can't blame it all on the Justice Department.''
She has a dancer's feet, a felon's heart.
He said he would be able to crank up economic growth by better than 5 percent this year -- far higher than the consensus 2 percent of independent economists -- unless neighboring Brazil suffers a complete economic meltdown.
''Furthermore,'' he added, ''it is pretty clear that the only way to make money consistently with such a technique is to keep it secret.''
There's a time and place for everything.''
That's not what one would expect from a European manuscript that appears to be about 400 years old.
''I had a friend who wouldn't tell anybody when he'd find an I.S.P.
The Prince gets a solo in the first lakeside scene, danced to the music of the big swans.
HURWITZ-Bertha (Schneider) on January 10, 1999, late of West Palm Beach, FL, formerly of Brooklyn, NY and Revere, MA.
Those sentiments helped Mr. Ocalan to build his movement into one of the world's most potent guerrilla forces.
Mantilla scored, but Aaron raced across the diamond toward home plate, and Adcock was called out for passing Aaron on the basepaths.
In fact, the greatest recent period of political openness, in the late 1980's, was marked by highly favorable Chinese-American relations.
By the end of last year, the price had fallen to $1,006.
Articles on single-malt Scotch dominate the first issue, but it also includes a primer on American whiskies and a cooking column with a recipe for Southern-style spiked chocolate pecan pie.
''I think people are taking it seriously now, partly because they're being attacked.''
Such betting currently takes place only in Las Vegas.
When he visited India in 1952, he was introduced to B. K. S. Iyengar, who became his guru.
The dig in Flushing may be straightforward, but those in Manhattan are not.
The Board of the YM/YWHA of Washington Heights and Inwood mark with great sadness the death of Dorothy Englisher, a longterm Washington Heights resident and early supporter of the Y.
Weiner (D) Nay Nay 10.
It made for pretty good television.''
''As soon as Knoblauch made that play,'' said Cabrera, ''I was like, 'We're done.'
The idea becomes theater only because of Aron's fascination with it -- a fascination that leads him to imagine, play, distort.
Among the star offerings in New York on Nov. 8 is van Gogh's ''Bridge at Trinquetaille'' (1888), which is expected to bring $20 million.
''If you look at Ozzie Newsome and Kellen Winslow, none of those guys ever played in a Super Bowl.
DRUG EMPORIUM INC., Columbus, Ohio, agreed to buy the Vix drugstore chain, which includes 12 discount stores in the Buffalo-Rochester area, for $32.5 million, increasing its number of stores to 144.
Usually I try to create a hospitable tone at the beginning of a poem.
To this end, Hughes sought the approval of a Department of Commerce official for its 1995 activities and claims to have sought the approval of a Department of Defense monitor for some of its 1993 activities, although Hughes knew that neither official was legally authorized to issue the required license.
1 spot in the year-end tennis ranking for the first time, ending the six-year streak of Pete Sampras, who hurt his back and withdrew yesterday from the Paris Open.
For years, it covered a hole in the wall of an Indiana home, its value unknown to its owner and its existence unknown to art experts.
''The name of the game in politics is to ward off serious challenges and the way to do that is to have the biggest war chest,'' said Blair Horner, legislative director of the New York Public Interest Research Group.
Early tonight, William E. Watkins, 44, of Charlotte was arrested on identical charges after speaking at length with investigators.
Real life has a lot of shades of gray, and movies have black and white even when they're in color.''
finally committed to $4.5 billion in new loans for the nearly insolvent Government, just enough to stave off national default for another year or so.)
Mr. Hess said he would try to develop a settlement to a 1994 lawsuit brought against the city by Orange County officials who say that the way the camp is operated makes it a public nuisance and overburdens local police and medical resources.
''Under tremendous pressure to do more, the Government is going to essentially do an emergency evacuation type of operation,'' said John P. Fredriksson, associate executive director of the Immigration and Refugee Services of America.
''That culture of childhood that played outside has gone and been replaced by after-school programs,'' Dr. Hart said.
One of them, of course -- Jeb Bush of Florida -- is his younger brother.
Mr. Klein said the storm appeared to be moving eastward, out to sea.
Among the many longtime employees are Joanne Danlovich, a $14-an-hour payroll administrator, who received a $40,000 check for her 20 years.
Big, bold wheel openings play off a smooth, arcing roof that provides a styling touchstone for all VW models and echoes through to the arched eyebrow over the instrument cluster.
And he said, ''Go home and make sure they are not there.''
Until that plan coalesces, activities starting next month, during and after the run of Horton Foote's ''Death of Papa'' (Thursday through June 27), go under the banner of Summer Stage.
The Attorney General, as well as the Federal investigators examining the Faison case, have an obligation to finish and release their reports at the earliest possible moment.
When the right hour comes, he will emerge as the mortal Buddha (Siddhartha was Maitreya once) to preside over an earthly paradise of timeless peace and material perfection.
He also did post-graduate work at the University of Virginia, the University of Mexico, Columbia University, and the American University in Washington, DC.
They give us goals to strive for.
We said: 'Let's go for it.
''You have seen how difficult it is for our Russian contingent to fly here, but I think these problems are behind us,'' said Gen. Anatoly Volchkov, chief of the airport, as the second Russian plane touched down in mid-afternoon.
''We are liaising with the pagan groups to try to insure that, as far as possible, the right kind of things will be going on.''
Mr. Hale, according to a decision that was supported by two of the panel's three members, is ''free, as the First Amendment allows, to incite as much racial hatred as he desires and to attempt to carry out his life's mission of depriving those he dislikes of their legal rights.''
The highly sensitive nature of the parts of the embassy that were bombed suggests why the Chinese, despite assurances from President Clinton and other senior United States officials that the complex was erroneously targeted, insist the bombing was no accident.
The Dining section's survey is not large enough to be representative, but it does provide a snapshot of conditions at places that are among the least and the most expensive.
4:58:01 24214 Riviera, J, 54F .
''On paper, the Americans would blow Europe clean out of the water,'' said Els, who as a native of South Africa does not compete in the Ryder Cup.
Ms. Browne was quick to add, however, that cultural tradition does not explain the behavior alleged by the police.
They conclude the chapter about human dispersal: ''The deeper into the past one looks, the vaguer and foggier the picture.''
The Jersey Shore, long thought of as the uncool cousin of the Hamptons and Fire Island, is undergoing something of a renaissance.
WALKING TOURS ''GARMENT CENTER WALKING TOUR,'' led by a veteran of the garment industry with an emphasis on history and the chance to find a bargain.
''We don't refer to it as a product or even a browser,'' he wrote.
Skender said he believed that NATO would eventually help them go home, and he feared that if they left, they might never return to Kosovo.
''We are going to have businesses coming here from out of state and setting up major operations,'' said Ray Powers, the Republican president of the State Senate in Colorado, where eight initiatives were on the ballot in November.
In the 18th century, many Enlightenment thinkers subscribed to these beliefs.
The Mayor's office also announced that he would finally meet with the state's highest-ranking black elected official, State Comptroller H. Carl McCall.
She and her late husband, Jack, were extraordinary benefactors of many educational and medical institutions in New York and Israel.
Larger donors were listed on tonight's program as ''Longhorns,'' while the next category down was ''Lonestars.''
The Beacon 8 Water Street, Sag Harbor, 725-7088.
Here is a sampling of what is available.
Bech at Bay: A Quasi-Novel By John Updike.
Not only is the Paramount chairwoman, Sherry Lansing, one of the most powerful people in Hollywood, but in 1996, Lucy Fisher also became co-chairwoman of Columbia Tri-Star's motion picture group.
That's the only way NATO's presence there will make a sustainable difference.
She prefers ''The Practice'' and ''E.R.''
Vancouver was 0-for-3 on the power play and starting goaltender Garth Snow lasted only 7:20, allowing two goals on five shots.
And Austrian Airlines itself canceled its flights into or near the fighting zone.
Hours: Tuesdays through Fridays, 10 A.M. to 4 P.M.; Saturdays and Sundays, 12:30 to 4:30 P.M. 2 Market Street, Paterson.
And there's a sense of anticlimax when Country concludes with the Dixie Chicks and Classical includes the main theme from ''Star Wars.''
If Mr. Chapin, a doyen of the arts who makes light of a lineage going back 10 generations to New Amsterdam, cherishes hopes of surviving this crisis, it may be because he has weathered so many others in a career stretching back half a century.
He had been hit twice in the torso, investigators said.
Our deep condolences to his family.
The bride's father, the Rev.
4:45:07 21435 Higuera, R, 31F .
Mr. Jordan, 48, who has a bachelor's degree in literature and is an officer with the State Department of Corrections, said he was considering an appeal.
This neighborhood has never had a destination restaurant.
At the price of prosperity, speed, access and exposure, people must sacrifice privacy, reflection, subjectivity and permanence.
''We hope -- I say hope -- to do it faster.''
A new group dedicated to presenting 20th-century chamber works appears as part of the Manhattan School's rich program of public performances.
But she could not resist the lure of learning.
10 14 10 WE'LL MEET AGAIN, by Mary Higgins Clark.
''Plus, we figured people could use this to jump-start their weekends,'' Ms. Buckley said.
A community-based program of personal attendants and access to appropriate health care can provide everything a nursing home does and be integrated into the commercial, intellectual and entertainment life of the community.
''They're just iron rods in different colors.''
She was predeceased by her husband August H. Groeschel, MD in 1989.
They are told lyrically by Bryers, a careful stylist who selects even the simplest words, like ''elfin'' or ''sad,'' with the discriminating eye of a shore walker gathering small, smooth stones washed up from the sea.
REYERSBACH-Dr. Gertrude C. Of Boston.
People appreciate it more if they have to make a special effort.
joked to me, 'If we tell you to ride the subways for 35 hours a week and look at the posters, we call them engaged, so the mayor can have his state of the city address and say, 'Eureka, I did it.'
Businesses -- including a small cafe, a family restaurant and Dave's Sports Museum and Barber Shop with its display of championship softballs -- are arrayed along a Lake Wobegonish Main Street.
Damian Jackson and Reggie Sanders each have 24 stolen bases, and Eric Owens has 22.
Her father is a graphics and imaging consultant in New York.
launch failure, identified for the P.R.C.
Like most male country singers, he yearns for another country verity, stability, although for Mr. Jackson the present is equally hard to ignore.
Several large, compelling sculptures by Nico Yektai underscore a rich imagination.
EDMUND CONTI Here I am in the checkout line at Fresh Fields in Millburn after a vigorous hike in the South Mountain Reservation with my family and some friends last Saturday.
The wariness reflects the history of infighting among the opposition groups, which include Kurdish factions in northern Iraq, Shiite rebels in southern Iraq and exile groups like the Iraqi National Congress, which is based in London.
More like an upper-middle-class ''Porky's,'' it parades its dirty jokes as crassly as an old-time burlesque show (Holden).
''The Tonight Show With Jay Leno'' is taped weekdays at the NBC Studios in Burbank, at 5 P.M.
I grow tomatoes and they will cost about $40 a pound, if you calculate what I've spent on them at the end of the year.
Aetna then informed the 30,000 patients affected and provided a special telephone line to suggest new doctors, said Ms. Griffiths, the spokeswoman.
Charles Barkley will be sidelined three to four weeks after deciding yesterday to have surgery to fix a painful muscle tear in his left knee.
The Indians went up by 2-0 in the fourth inning on a run-scoring triple by Jim Thome with two outs.
Crucial ingredients like aji amarillo (a yellow pepper) and huacatay, a minty anise-like herb, are hard to find outside Peru.
''I had seen Indiana make plays many times, so I knew it wasn't over, especially with Reggie Miller, because he's known for that,'' said Van Horn, who also grabbed eight rebounds and blocked a career-high three shots.
Many major banks have special units, like Bankers Trust Private Banking, that cater to the carriage trade and often accommodate situations like that of the Clintons.
''I don't think I had a huge ego, but I think I was a certain way with my life.
The jury began deliberations yesterday after Mr. Gage argued in his summation that the prosecution's main witness was not credible and that Mr. Hamilton was the victim of manipulations by the two Carey aides who pleaded guilty.
EVERY housekeeper fights a never-ending battle against dust.
Sometimes Moss makes it look too easy.
The animals feed in natural pastures and grow to one ton over a period of two years.
Christian was killed instantly, the police said.
The soldiers might have been captured, presumably by Serbian forces or paramilitary units, officials said, but they cautioned that they had no direct evidence of that.
''I was totally out of players, except for one pitcher,'' Valentine said.
''In the process, people became more clearly aware that many of the kids in these programs were middle-class minority kids.
Beloved wife of 51 years of Max; cherished mother of Gail and Lauri; adored grandmother of Emily, Matt, Michael and Jason; dear sister of Dorothy and mother-in-law of Jeff and Perry.
He sits and signs autographs for hours and hours,'' said Dr. Weiss, adding ''He always has a smile, never says no and is warm and gentle.
In fact, the first elements are already in place.
Then why not chardonnay, riesling, cabernet sauvignon, cabernet franc, Seyval and Chambourcin?
It became, in the words of Le Monde, an instant best seller, which is unusual in the world of dance, where audiences tend to be drawn more by the name of a choreographer or a company than by a single hit.
1 team in New Jersey?
She was instrumental in developing the picture cart at the Greenwich Hospital, and also volunteered with the American Shakespeare Theater in Stratford, CT. and the Community Answers program in Greenwich.
Walpole himself gave over five decades to the elaboration of his own taste in the construction of his eccentric masterpiece, Strawberry Hill, only to find himself driven mad by the large numbers of people who wished to see the remarkable concatenation of historical styles he had added to one smallish villa.
Surely these violent criminal subjects hoped to impress their interviewer with their boastful accounts of criminal exploits; much is made of Lonnie Athens's resolutely nonacademic appearance, his long hair, his headband and jeans and leather boots, and his predilection for what might be called American street vernacular, laced with macho obscenities.
Even if you are not a guest in residence, you can wander around this unexpected art gallery, one part of Barbados's very lively art scene.
It has not worked in any country, and in Indonesia it has produced a political catastrophe.''
Otherwise, it's a 50-minute drive from the airport or 30 minutes from town, most of that up one of those steep winding roads bequeathed by the British.
We've seen the President obstruct justice.
But then the Giants came back and got an 80-yard scoring strike to Amani Toomer.
This remote island is known around the world for its eerily beautiful but spectacularly punishing landscape, carved almost beyond reason from volcanoes and ice.
But Mr. O'Donnell also recognized some downsides to mixing blood-alcohol machines and drinking.
''I have been staying in my lawyer's office rather than campaigning,'' he said.
It was named left-handed DNA, or Z-DNA, and molecular biologists dismissed it as a fluke, probably just molecular junk.
The three prominent liberal politicans from Moscow warned that NATO's bombing of Yugoslavia had severely damaged Russia's relationship with the United States.
'97 chardonnay (reared in American oak): light-bodied, appley, ambitious, but overoaked and needs time to harmonize.
INVESTIGATIVE REPORTS The Shattered Mind A&E, tomorrow night at 9 Julianne Hill, producer; Debbie Morton, associate producer; David Huizenga, audio director.
You simply raise the blade to put it into action.
He was given a salary in the range of $50,000, a job he liked and, thanks to a generous stock-options package, the prospect of a big windfall when the division became a separate company with its own stock.
Never own a firsthand car.
Children from 11 through 14 will build little roofed boxes with an entry hole, perch and retractable floor for cleanups.
Gwynn should be more disturbed with them than with Leyritz.
WHAT -- North Shore Towers.
Some of their strongest evidence in support of the perjury article involves precisely the sort of material that caused much of the public to sour on the presentation of the special prosecutor, Kenneth W. Starr, and the proceedings of the House Judiciary Committee.
That in turn increased the prospects for legislation to encourage investment and reform the tax system.
He said he is starting to get customers from as far south as Connecticut.
Indiana is even better on the ground, but not so great in the air.
He sparked another rally in the third quarter by scoring three straight Nets baskets to close a 69-65 gap and tie the game at 73-73 heading into the fourth.
The two sides then communicate without any special security -- by E-mail, for instance -- to screen out the bad answers.
He was a Graduate of St. Paul's School in Concord, NH, and Harvard University.
Now, two days before the race, they were left with a star horse who had run for the last time.
Aleksei Yashin, Marian Hossa and Vaclav Prospal scored for the Senators before 18,500 fans at the Corel Centre, Ottawa's 11th sellout of the season.
Graduation day ''is going to be a very bad and sad day for me and my family,'' Michael Shoels, Isaiah's father, said in an interview on Friday afternoon.
Endorsers of the measures also include the retired chairmen or chief executives of Allied Signal, BankAmerica, GTE, International Paper, Union Pacific and General Foods, among others.
Many analysts say they expect the depressed copper prices to remain relatively flat for the foreseeable future.
Always loved, always cherished, all ways missed.
Car Seizure Policy Criticized Mayor Giuliani has declared his controversial policy of seizing the cars of drunken drivers a success.
They hope Rick Mirer (3 touchdown passes, 7 intercep-tions) can elevate his play.
In the 1940's, when the profession of interior decoration was in its youth and more concerned with freshness, modernity and practical living, Groussay was an international anomaly.
''Precision Techniques, the molding company, also happens to be in Yorktown Heights,'' Dr. Wagner said.
It enjoyed explosive growth through the 1980's and early 1990's and is now one of the country's most respected white wines.
''The key is to know who she's selling to, and to do it well,'' Ms. Spiegel said.
Woodbury MewsSenior Campus, as the project is known, is expected to include 290 independent and assisted-living rental units -- some with meals and support services for low- and moderate-income elderly tenants -- in two new buildings and the old factory, which will be rehabilitated and expanded.
But pollution is minimal, and sunsets of orange or pink, Polaris and the Big Dipper in the night sky, are part of the setting.
But Intrawest had already spent $26 million last year on new lifts, snow-making equipment and other refinements.
With a six-year PGA Tour career that includes only one victory outside Las Vegas, Furyk crafted a closing six-under 66 to hold off Jonathan Kaye by one stroke and win $450,000.
The assignment only succeeded in distinguishing those students whose families had lived in the United States longest, an odd point of pride in a country constantly renewed by its immigrants.
''The level of rhetoric has been at the stage of frenzy, and that does not reflect at all what is going on in the city,'' said Mr. Giuliani, whose earlier description of Diallo demonstrators as ''silly'' became a rallying cry of the protesters.
For good and bad, sport has immense influence.''
Funeral Mass Friday 10AM at St. Theresa's Church, Pleasantville Road, Briarcliff Manor.
But she has been a vital part of the team with tremendous free kicks and vital runs.
Playing computer games is part of that fantasy.
May Frances recover quickly, and may Abramson learn some lessons about respecting the privacy of others.
37 No Longer a Candidate Gov.
Everything else, from Kim Scharnberg's orchestrations to the interpretations of its leading characters, feels gentler this time around, less oversold.
I think everybody in the lineup felt that way.
The Senate bill retained the financing for the School of the Americas.
I found the Harpoon Island/Paradise scenario to be the easiest track.
Signed C Jimmy Gonzalez and C Jay Ahrendt to minor league contracts.
''It creates the notion that it all hinges on the personality of the larger-than-life leader, when the reality is that trade unions should come down to organization, to the day-to-day rank and file.''
Erik Sorenson, MSNBC's general manager, says there is a surplus of self-styled oracles on cable news and he is tired of it.
Earlier Security Council resolutions ''say clearly that sanctions are to be lifted,'' he said.
If timing is everything, then the recent carnage at Columbine High School indicates that now could scarcely be less opportune for the opening of ''Idle Hands,'' a cheap-thrills horror film built around a teen-age murder rampage that reaches its climax among panic-stricken students at a Halloween dance in a small-town high school.
''Poets write with a lyrical economy of style.
''Last year kind of desensitized everybody,'' says Peter Schmuck, baseball columnist for the Baltimore Sun.
5:26:56 28220 Haskell, S, 40M .
Interviewed by a pair of consultants brought in to downsize the company, he impresses them by gleefully confessing his own uselessness instead of desperately trying to justify his job.
2 maker of contacts and a unit of Novartis, filed a patent infringement suit last week against Bausch, the No.
Trim and energetic, Mr. Kolb may look like just one more sharply dressed politician or lobbyist -- until he opens his mouth.
''These are universal,'' she said.
The rubric ''God is Love,'' we are told in the catalogue introduction by Aprile Gallant, curator of prints, drawings and photographs at the museum and the show's organizer, derives from its posting at the Christian Science church services he attended as a boy.
Now that she has returned home, Mrs. Frasca is back in the gym on Thursday nights at St. Joseph School in New Britain and on Sunday afternoons at Healthtrax in Newington with the Connecticut Senior Huskies, the state's only 60-and-over women's basketball team.
Beloved wife of the late H. Frank Freeman II.
''With a number of producers you can reserve and get half bottles, or you can ask the importer to put in a request,'' said Daniel Johnnes, the wine director at Montrachet.
He died in 1966 of a drug overdose.
The foundation is still in the development stage.
Either that or I'll remember arguing about it.''
What with a white-smocked Andre Leon Talley squiring around a crew from ABC, another from the BBC following Anna Wintour, and Puff Daddy simultaneously promoting his new record and posing for a fashion shoot by Annie Leibovitz, all at the same late-night party, the autumn haute couture shows certainly were the media equivalent of shooting fish in a barrel.
''That's worrisome,'' said P. Gilbert Mercurio, executive vice president of the board.
It said, 'This author indulges in piddling around the skirts of sex, which passes as sophistication in suburban life.'
DiMaggio lived at that address in the early 1940's when he was married to an actress named Dorothy Arnold.
It is possible, then, and for perfectly good Darwinian reason, that casual sex for men is rarely as casual as it is billed.
At night, Ruby Foo's, a new West Side dim sum and sushi palace at 2182 Broadway at 77th Street, is a noisy scene, so crowded you can barely see the jazzy red and black surroundings that were inspired, it seems, by the Shanghai nightclub in ''Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom.''
Monteverdi's Mass for Four Voices; Bischof's ''Magnum Mysterium''; motets and carols; Justin H. Bischof, music director and organist.
Dr. Schweig said standard models of strain accumulation based on plate motions should not be used in New Madrid.
''This was probably the biggest speakeasy there ever was,'' said Mr. Herman, who owns the Canoe Place Inn with Richard Orofino.
Instead of making each new song a biting parody of Europop groups like Aqua, Toy Box and Ace of Base, as time went on Prozzak's music began to change: it became more honest.
The Correction Commission notified Suffolk County last year that it would sue unless the county did something to ease the overcrowding.
To her, her husband David, and the entire family, our deepest sympathy.
''He's gotten assurances that he would maintain his seniority and his status in the House, and if the Democrats gain control he would be up for a chairmanship on a banking subcommittee.''
Or is it so exact in sound and shape that wherever it goes -- into a jazz club, onto a pop chart -- you know it?
While repairing a roof last year, he got a bad splinter that became infected.
PEDERSEN GALLERY Paintings by Emilie Greenough and Thomas Manley.
To Bill Graves and many others at George Washington Carver School here, 14-year-old Kenneth Jackson appeared to live in an in-between world of not quite: not quite neglected in a home where he was constantly at odds with his father and his father's live-in girlfriend, and not quite nurtured to achieve the good things that many of his teachers believed he could.
At Times Square, which will be the center of the city's New Year's celebration, the congestion was particularly great.
He said that ''one of the biggest victories of the war was that for the first time'' Kosovo Albanians had their own fighting force, adding: ''And every decision that is made to lower the standing of the army is really hard.
Indeed, in a recorded message tonight, John B. McCoy, the chairman and chief executive of Bank One, said the company had been reviewing the credit card operations and preparing to inform investors this month, but soon determined that more time was needed for study.
''We had some delegates who canceled in the last month because of concerns for their safety,'' Mr. Hassan said.
The Hong Kong reports said last year that Mr. Jin had been detained for misusing Ka Wah Bank funds, including making an $8 million loan to his son.
He led the nation this season with 37 touchdown passes, and completed 275 of 405 passes for 3,799 yards with only 11 interceptions.
Power and phone lines are still lying on the ground.
''If you will agree, I will stop running all television and radio commercials until this nomination is decided.
''It's impossible for us to come up with an education plan that's going to fit everybody's specific building, Mr.
''That's enough change for a while,'' Spencer said.
Fritz Mastien adroitly summarizes the intimate physicality and something of the choreographic design of ''Radical Ardent'' with his costumes, simple blue leotards with small holes cut around the dancers' navels.
''They can't say, 'I won't promise this won't happen again.'
''And we couldn't abandon the metropolitan Atlanta area, so when all that Federal money was gone, some state money would have to go in.
Professional foil fencers usually do not hit their prime until ages 25 to 35, and epee fencers continue for many years after that.
There were no elaborate touches in the presentation of our grilled tuna with rather unremarkable salsa and steamed organic salmon with olive oil.
Also Around Town PARADE STREAK Brooklyn's Memorial Day Parade is considered the nation's longest-running consecutive parade.
Rika Okamoto will perform in the ''Shaker Interior'' duet from Robert Wilson's ''Snow on the Mesa'' tonight and on Sunday afternoon.
Sexual violence is not a personal matter.
They seem technical, even arcane, and their link to Federal budget surpluses might seem tenuous.
On December 6, 1999 in West Hartford, Ct.
Secretary of Education Richard W. Riley, however, said he was pleased that 25 percent reached proficiency, especially given widespread voter apathy and adult ignorance of the democratic process.
A need to be embraced.
There are flaws in this plan.
Beloved wife of Archie Kirschman and Ben Jacobson; cherished mother of Barry J. Jacobson and Pauline K. Lavitt; devoted grandmother of Ari, Adam, Brette, Spiro and Stefano Jacobson and Howard and Arthur Lavitt; adored great-grandmother to Brent, Jacqueline and Austin Lavitt.
Ethel and Xavier were both instructors at the Art Students League, where they were both dedicated supporters of the school and generations of students.
He has his own driveway to park his three cars.
''Calcutta or Kolkata, who cares?
He said his party would match the Presidential effort in every district in the country, and he said the Republicans whom Mr. Clinton had designated as targets should be proud of their votes on impeachment.
Under the new rule, which takes effect on June 21, the Immigration and Naturalization Service will more easily presume that these people would be subject to ''extreme hardship'' if they returned.
A history of quilting at Womenfolk covers things like Amish and Depression-era quilts and those by African-American women and American Indians (www.womenfolk.com /grandmothers/history.htm).
Her father is a mechanical design consultant in Philadelphia.
Fourth-degree grand larceny is a felony punishable by up to four years in prison, and it can be charged if the stolen property includes a credit card.
He missed being an altar boy only because he was much too proud to stoop to asking Sister Blanche, the nun who made the recommendations.
Before Friday's game, Toronto's Charles Oakley, the former Knick who is one of the most respected players in the game, said someone in the Nets' locker room has to approach Marbury.
''Alice'' can survive anything, even theory.
THE New York Stock Exchange appears to be headed for a showdown with the chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission over how the exchange will be regulated when it converts to a publicly traded, for-profit business.
''We've been competing successfully with lower-priced discount brokers for years.
But what of the post-phylloxera wines?
In the first hours of the following morning, after her 4 P.M. to midnight shift at the 62d Precinct in Brooklyn, she shared cake with her fellow officers and celebrated for a while.
But while some grocers may be struggling, the Pathmark's popularity is having a big impact on the neighborhood.
In models, Constant depicted them with transparent floors.
They didn't plan on getting shot that day.''
Shares of the company rose 50 cents, to $81.
Ms. Driver said she had met with Ms. Field at the urging of the Creative Artists Agency, which represents them both.
This was the third time she has triumphed in this series, having tied for the title with Sharon Burtman in 1995 and taken solo first in 1996.
JOHN F. KENNEDY CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS, Virginia Avenue at New Hampshire Avenue N.W., (800) 444-1324; www.kennedy-center.org.
She is developing a new venture capital fund in Los Gatos, Calif. She graduated cum laude from Wellesley College and received an M.B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania.
The competing rallies showed that for all the recent talk of bipartisanship both parties are on a campaign footing -- not a good sign for legislative achievement.
In what is being called the echo baby-boom, a record 53.2 million children will enter the nation's classrooms this fall.
In A.D. 301, Armenia's king was converted by St. Gregory the Illuminator, who is considered the founder and first catholicos (the title means ''universal'') of the Armenian church.
6:00:42 30219 Beckman, L, 50F .
as a way to force his own economic and political reforms on the bloated, inert and corrupt Chinese system.
''The negotiations came to a situation of impasse,'' Mr. Singh said.
The warranties of those third-party administrators are themselves underwritten, typically by large insurers.
The Clinton Administration today acknowledged the escalating violence by the forces of the Yugoslav leader, Slobodan Milosevic, but suggested little could be done except collect evidence for prosecutors at the international court for war crimes at the Hague.
Some very likable performances, from Regina Taylor and especially Lynne Thigpen, give a boost to Cheryl L. West's combustible comedy-drama about four generations of black women who come together in the sterile suburban home of an angry college professor.
His name will create a windfall opportunity for Garden spectators, who had long chanted a crude insult about Denis Potvin, the former Islander defenseman who is now in the Hall of Fame.
Mr. Russell sits on the board with his group, Performance Space 122, along with Painting Space 122, the Children's Liberation Day Care Center, Mabou Mines (the avant-garde theater company) and the AIDS Service Center.
Still, there were growing pains, particularly because people were already living in the building.
It's a good thing he left in a very good mood.
In fall, they visit galleries, stay in inns with fireplaces and hot tubs and continue to swim at Oval Beach among the dunes on Lake Michigan.
''People would never pontificate about a physics issue, because they would acknowledge that you need to consult an expert,'' says Donna Christian, the president of the Center for Applied Linguistics, in Washington.
All three deployed that skill today in reaching the semifinals.
Place the rind in a large bowl and toss with the salt.
In the last years of his life, he spent his summers in his Watch Hill, Rhode Island home where he was active in community affairs, a member of the Watch Hill Yacht Club and the Lighthouse Keepers Association.
But it must happen, if the following job postings in recent issues of The Economist are any guide.
-- Worker, watching the festival director's blond labrador, Denim, wander imperturbably down the hall.
They remind us that Mies, too, was a meta-architect, a man who reduced building to the spare essentials of structure and space.
It not only documents Miro's intense preoccupation with etching at the time but also shows the impact of Surrealism on his art and the international reverberations of the Civil War.
''One night I hear about a guy on ESPN starting his highlights, 'Jordan .
And custom publishing is expected to generate close to $1 billion in 2000, according to a spokesman for the Custom Publishing Council, a division of the Magazine Publishers of America.
It does not ask its members about their party affiliations, and several members said in interviews that encouraging wiser spending was a goal that fit a conservative agenda as well as a liberal one. ''
A hospital traditionally looks for directors who can help it raise money, offer it expertise and influence government.
An off-duty New York City police lieutenant shot and wounded his son on Saturday night during a fight in their Queens home, the police said yesterday.
And, he said, what had really galvanized the developing countries' rebellion against the creation of a working group on labor in the World Trade Organization was Mr. Clinton's remark, in an interview with a Seattle newspaper, about an eventual use of trade sanctions against nations that failed to comply with international labor standards.
When the Mets lost seven straight and almost botched a postseason berth, it was not all Valentine's fault.
Suppose you were sitting with Prime Minister what's-his-face of India and General whatever-his-name-is from Pakistan and trying to persuade them to stop testing.
Mr. Bush said that prosperity ''is not a given,'' that it was not invented by Mr. Clinton and Mr. Gore ''any more than they created the Internet'' and that policies he supports like tax cuts, restrictions on lawsuits, free trade and a partial privatizing of Social Security would help keep the good times rolling.
Then, too, the state is paying lifeguards the same money as when I came on in 1989'' -- between $6.50 and $10 an hour.''
Advance tickets, including a reception, are $40, or $10 for students; at the door, $50, or $15 for students.
THE idea, as always, is to buy low and sell high -- but that doesn't mean that William V. Fries looks only at stocks with tiny price-to-earnings ratios.
It's very comfortable to be among friends, with their love and support.
''Certain books stopped selling,'' he said.
''Approximately a quarter of the city's renters pay over half their incomes in rent, which is a tremendous rent burden.''
''I find little treasures you don't usually see at antiques shops,'' said Geri Kaupp of Short Hills, whose older sister took her to her first auction at Lincoln when she was only 10.
''We probably walked by it the day before,'' he said of their hike above the tree line, a tundra plateau at about 6,500 feet.
It was a hard sell to the public, given that Weis, advertised at 7 feet 2 inches, had back surgery in April and admitted that he was not yet physically ready for the N.B.A.
Assassination and have elaborate plans for staying alive, with underclassmen as bodyguards and siblings as lookouts.
Wise described a trend toward ''entertailing,'' combining entertainment with shopping.
It is driven by seriousness of purpose and continues to be the show's boldest, most vigorous and complex achievement.
Yet the circumstances now are quite different.
He turns 69 in October, and he is looking frail.
Though most of the combativeness involved the galleries at The Country Club the past week, today the Europeans targeted the American players for what they believed was an excessive celebration on the 17th green late in the day.
It is a nice counterpoint that the most critically praised of this centenary year's Coward revivals in Britain is his last play.
It was only when three of the lions were safe in pens here at the Hoedspruit Research and Breeding Center for Endangered Species that someone realized that Giepie, the huge male with the rich black mane running the length of his underbody, did not look much like other lions.
The one-time Pro Bowl player caught only 8 passes -- his last one on Sunday -- over 10 games.
''I only hope it brings other kinds of support.''
In fact, the gains at the top mirrored a trend throughout the ranks of female managers: steady progress from a very low base.
Ed's walls are artfully adorned with hubcaps.
The nun they cast when they filmed ''Illuminata'' at St. Patrick's Roman Catholic Church in Jersey City.
KEY TO SEASON If everything breaks right, and that includes pitching contributions from Avery and Jason Bere, the Reds could be a distant second to the Astros.
(AP) BAHAMAS: EXECUTIONS PUT OFF -- The Supreme Court issued a temporary stay of execution for two killers scheduled to hang today, allowing time for the men's lawyers to prepare appeals.
If it gets more serious, the inquiry could distract Congress from completing important structural changes that are aimed at insuring Brazil's long-term economic health.
''It wasn't really that big of a deal,'' one player said.
Many of the drawings are sketchy; the best, like the circa 1950 tiny head of a woman made of densely overlapping ballpoint pen lines, are like soul X-rays (Johnson).
Sharon Duncan-Brewster and Amelia Lowdell travel to this side of the pond to recreate the wild girls in Rebecca Prichard's play, directed by Gemma Bodinetz, which was well received on its home turf.
In southwestern Germany, six people died, most of them in road accidents caused by fallen trees, including three occupants of a car hit by a tree near Ettlingen.
''Ninety-five percent of it is something that I'm sure whoever sent it would not have a problem with me disclosing that to the public by way of the press, but 5 percent of it is of a personal nature.''
The 1998 brownfields act is the latest in a series of steps New Jersey has taken in recent years to facilitate the reuse of the 10,000 contaminated sites in the state, down from about 20,000 in 1985, that are the legacy of its industrial past.
Never mind that the doormen and the managing agent say that Mrs. Clinton has not even stopped by for a look-see.
It was hard for Reynolds, which is being advised by Merrill Lynch & Company, to avoid putting itself up for sale.
''I'm still kind of numb, but I'm absolutely ecstatic,'' Ms. Steele said.
Braced and well-fed, I set out for Minnewaska -- with a detour, first, for provisions.
The sounds were those of women having a good time.
JELENA DOKIC, 16 and ranked No.
''He covered himself from head to toe with water, and flooded our bathroom,'' said Deborah Collins, supervisor of the Mini-Bear Ski School for 4- to 6-year-olds at Sugarbush.
''Then he's liable to see that it's not so easy, after all,'' Mr. Fisher said.
Construction costs vary from area to area, Mr. Dorr said, but the cost of building a concrete house using the Eco-Block system typically runs only 1 to 2 percent more than conventional construction methods.
At the 1859 Cooper Union Building, at Astor Place and Fourth Avenue, architects and conservators are pursuing a new direction in preservation, as they repair New York's biggest brownstone with the aim of having it look anything but ''like new.''
For example, Detroit's zone, which Federal officials rank as one of the most effective, has spent about as much Federal money as New York.
'Danceplus April' While all this dancing is a festival of coincidence, Danceplus April, organized and performed primarily by Rutgers University faculty members, is actually a four-day mini-festival.
C1 Surfing, Republican Style The Republican National Committee plans to offer a ''family friendly'' Internet service that will deliver the party's messages directly to supporters.
The protests subsided yesterday, but the ferocity of the attack and the passive police response showed that at least some of China's leaders endorsed the crude response to the bombing.
Also, the increasing accessibility of high-end computer technology and interactive art forms will continue to open the entire field to independent artists with new ideas, designs, approaches and sensibilities.
Martinez missed the last two road games so he could be with his wife, Lisa, at a hospital in Palm Harbor, Fla.
And then Reggie Miller, two games in a row, has tried to forearm shiver Charlie Ward on the way to the basket.
Remove from heat, stir in lemon juice, and allow to set 5 minutes, or until the milk is very curdled.
Eager to avoid prolonging the strikes and economic turmoil that have paralyzed this country since the beginning of the month, President Jamil Mahuad today lifted the state of emergency he imposed last week and rolled back drastic increases in gasoline prices.
In 1985, only 12.4 percent of full-time workers had flex time agreements with employers giving them a role in deciding their work schedules.
These are the plants that will bloom on the current season's growth.
He said that in just the last several months the 1999 growth forecasts for Continental Europe had dropped to 2 percent or less from almost 3 percent.
In the end, the workers eventually agreed, it did not matter who was what.
Mrs. Cotler, 29, is an animal behaviorist in East Patchogue, N.Y. She graduated from Salve Regina University, and studied veterinary medicine at Ross University on St. Kitts, from which the bridegroom received his Doctor of Veterinary Medicine degree.
''It was a direct threat.
Doctors Without Borders, 6 E. 39th St., 8th Floor, New York, N.Y. 10016.
''The suburban sprawl that we're experiencing is happening all over the country, and suburban people are up in arms.''
The atrium -- surrounded by two rings of rooms separated by a corridor -- is a stunner: 100 feet tall and 200 feet in diameter and ringed with 24 enormous Ionic columns.
The movie is saved from its own worst ideas by the intimacy of the performances.
The visit is to honor German soldiers who are buried there, even though they include some former SS officers.
''Frogs for Snakes'' is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian).
Vallone Urges a Boycott'' (news article, March 2): When Sony/Loews Theaters and the Cineplex Odeon Corporation wanted to merge last year, the Justice Department and New York State Attorney General's office threatened antitrust lawsuits, as the merged company would have controlled 70 percent of Manhattan movie theaters.
Nearly two weeks later, the site still is not up, and it is not expected to be accessible until at least the middle of this week, when the company increases its computer capacity.
''I don't want to lie to anybody,'' Zimmer said.
And while doing it, don't spend too much time worrying about valuations.
After waiting 47 years to celebrate a Mid-American Conference championship, Kent is willing to wait a little longer.
Contributions to Vassar College, Poughkeepsie, NY.
11 50 *THE PERFECT STORM, by Sebastian Junger.
So I stand up and let her on.
''It seemed too simple to be much good.
Another complaint against Dr. Foner was that he devoted excessive attention to the role of blacks in American history.
In collaboration with Barneys, KramerHutchison designed the Madison Avenue store's recently opened Co-Op expansion.
According to the company, WYNY now has listeners from Dutchess County to the Poconos to Montauk and part of the coastlines of New Jersey and Connecticut.
Even so, she said Merrill was risking some medium-term profits to increase its growth rate.
Artists were made part of the creation of these porcelains from the first sketches to the final glazes.
BANKS -- Option to close.
That means that all capital spending is supposed to be shared by the city and the state.
Sorenstam chipped from the fringe on her third shot, with the ball stopping four feet above the hole.
Part of Bachmann's project in ''Todesarten'' is to remember the death camps.
Because of the groundswell of public support for a new Second Avenue line, the version proposed in the five-year plan could be its most politically divisive element.
Today, Utah's Attorney General, Jan Graham, announced that her office would investigate possible violations of Utah law, once reports are completed by the state panel and by an I.O.C review panel.
Beryl Lyons, a spokeswoman for the regulatory agency, said the courts would have to find that the commissioners were ''arbitrary and capricious'' to reverse the cut.
Mr. Redgrave and their mother, Deirdre Hamilton-Hill, who died just over a year ago of cancer, were divorced in 1980.
That, however, could hurt livestock production, which has been steadily decreasing.
for physical therapy and other medical needs, he said.
Yet at their best, the stories in ''The Anniversary'' make use of their quiet, unruffled atmosphere to delve into reflection, and to offer insight into the seemingly ''ordered and bordered'' world of the upper crust.
A zipper, especially if it is partly unfastened, is a sort of silent come-on; but the kind of sex it suggests is passionate and immediate rather than romantic and long-term.
Some also noted that the Serbs, who are expelling the Albanians, had a record of sheltering its Jewish population during World War II.
''The group expects to work through the weekend and will attempt to complete this transcript next week,'' the board said.
Not surprisingly, Sachar makes no secret of his profound admiration for Israel, and his pride in the renaissance of the Jewish homeland.
Still, the Asatru Folk Assembly, a pagan religious group from California that had claimed that Kennewick Man may have been a descendant of ancient Norse people, will press forward with its legal attempt to gain control of the bones.
Each doctor represents $20,000 a year in revenues.
Tonight and tomorrow night at 8:30 and 11, and Sunday night at 8:30.
After a corporate career in the 1960's and 70's, he served as director of development for City Opera and as a consultant to the March of Dimes.
Burial Sunday, 10:00 AM, Floral Park Cemetery, Deans, New Jersey.
A psychic tells her life story.
They had the White Sea Canal.
When complimented on the beauty of his Violin Concerto, he replied, ''But the words are missing.''
She recently raised her rates to $30 per 100 words and $65 per hour.
Learning its lesson perhaps too well, Yahoo swung the other way in its next deal, offering a big premium over Geocities' existing share price on the condition that the company agree within a day.
Through the years, the best golfers have always needed rivals to make them better.
In 1971 the Plainsboro dairy closed.
Then one day the German came in and started shouting to the barber about Jews!
F1 Health & Fitness F7 BUSINESS DAY C1-20 Confidence Returns to Markets Investors, drawing upon data that inflation remains in check, returned to stocks amid growing conviction that the Fed, at its meeting today, will raise rates for the last time this year.
It will be Smyth's second tour with the Rangers.
Monteverdi's ''Ritorno d'Ulisse in Patria,'' to be performed on Sunday, is given a gorgeous production with a real sense of mythic proportion, not to mention fine period instrument playing and powerful performances by James Maddalena, Phyllis Pancella and a large supporting cast.
Although it is unclear how the measure will be received in Albany, the case provides a glimpse into the process of city politics -- a process that, in this instance, included intense lobbying, campaign contributions, the hint of political ambition and the apparent risk of political principle.
And people like me, we believe it's time for an authentic candidate, someone like Yitzhak Mordechai, who made his career despite all the hardships of prejudice and poverty.''
Finding a patterned path through a potentially deadly flower bed while reading about weaponry, puzzle patterns and the other how to's of completing a mission is not fun, I assure you.
The idea is that career-oriented adults don't have time to shop except on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays, and that it will be easier to recruit employees for a 28-hour week than for longer hours spread over more working days.
Mr. Diamond offers seasonal tours of the tunnel, which was used for the Long Island leg of the Boston-New York railroad, but those who shun dark, dank places can visit on the Web.
''This team will win more than 92 games this year,'' Wilpon said.
Mr. Lowell was chief investigative counsel for the Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee during President Clinton's impeachment hearings.
CHICAGO WHITE SOX--Signed LHP Jason Stovall, LHP Mark Buehrle, LHP Graham Mazur and C Mark Cochrane.
When the sugar water has reached 250 degrees, pour it down the sides of the bowl (not directly onto the beaters) into the egg whites while continuing to whip.
Created for the relatively benign purpose of identifying abnormalities early in a pregnancy, they are periodically used in some countries as screening tools by parents who wish to abort a fetus of the ''wrong'' sex.
Along with them, Cobb profiles a rank opportunist and a murderer he calls ''a witness for extreme human folly,'' but does not give much hint that other revolutionary types existed.
Like Nixon going to China, the one New Yorker who could do something real about the police problem is Mayor Giuliani.
The Israelis are the ones who want the changes.''
These three have not ventured from the indoor bedroom where they have lived since early February, even as the seven younger gorillas now frolic daily outside in romps that exceed an hour.
The research is published in the latest issue of The Journal of Medical Genetics.
''Security-wise, I think it has proved to be efficient,'' he said.
The Government's July jobs report on Friday may show whether there are any signs of a cooling down.
Pettitte nodded at Girardi, nice play, unspoken.
For Ms. Carr, such occasions mean submitting to questions like these: Does she feel any different from other teen-agers?
Carmichael's Diner +++ (718) 723-6908 117-08 Guy Brewer Boulevard, near Baisley Boulevard Jamaica, Queens $ Cash only Carmichael's Diner is a classic, old-style rectangular diner with a counter that holds a fountain and glossy cakes under plastic domes.
The officials said LIPA could have realized huge savings by initially issuing 15-year rather than 30-year bonds.
The Clinton Administration's official position is that the future status of Jerusalem, a city whose sovereignty is claimed by both Israelis and Arabs, will be determined in the final round of peace talks that are about to resume.
The first one, in 1997, was a crowded field and led viewers to the far corners of the campus.
Clement Lupton, a Baptist minister who is the bridegroom's cousin, performed the ceremony at the Heritage United Church of Christ in Baltimore.
SPLASHES DIANA MUNZ became the women's first double winner by taking the 400-meter freestyle in 4:10.67.
If it's a dispute between Tonegawa and a former postdoc over credit I don't really think we ought to get involved in that.''
Mr. Byrne said her direct approach to potential players contrasted sharply with what was then the standard -- and expensive -- practice: relying on television, movies and licensing agreements.
That has impressed several analysts.
Gibboney Huske, an analyst with Credit Suisse First Boston, was even more succinct: ''They came in on expectations, and for Kodak that in itself is news.''
At least one state legislator questioned why Westchester was acting so surprised and shocked over the cutbacks and said elected officials had ''failed to see the handwriting on the wall.''
Of Concordia, Cranbury, NJ, age 78.
With '24 Hours' And Counting A retrospective of films by Nancy Savoca will take place this weekend at the American Museum of the Moving Image, 35th Avenue at 36th Street, Astoria, Queens.
So for 25 years, he has been traveling and writing checks, hoping to rescue damaged childhoods.
''It happens on 'Jeopardy' every so often, but they're not in prime time.
Microsoft's net positive rating among nontechnical business people and among households -- two other groups that Techtel surveys quarterly -- has also declined, but not as much as among information technology experts.
The spraying had taken place that night, long after our ceremony.
IOWA STATE 70, KANSAS 58 It was the largest crowd in Iowa State history and Megan Taylor did not let the fans down.
The cause was ovarian cancer, said Jeff Schneider, a spokesman for the William Morris agency, which represented her.
Those charges are pending, and the prosecutors involved have not indicated whether they will seek the maximum sentence, which could land Mr. DaBrow in prison for the rest of his life.
At the Esso, a three-course dinner of smoked puffin, fried redfish and rice, and cheesecake cost about $25, with tax.
Admission $6.30, $3.15 for children.
We extend our heartfelt condolences to the Weitzman family.
''It was made very plain and clear from the start that Damon Allen was our No.
Cherished grandmother (Bocky) of Jessica, Nicole and Anthony Wolcson.
Now Ewing, foot aching, knees creaking, hip muscle piercing, found himself in the last place he wanted to be, positioned where Mourning had only moments before blown past him, into the lane, for a jump hook and that 1-point Miami lead.
Vouchers do none of these things.
Seattle offered Galloway a seven-year deal worth $35 million that included a $7 million signing bonus.
Taking the dog home and nursing him back to health, Nello dubs him Patrasche, after the middle name of his dead mother.
Encores, in its sixth season, is a program devoted to concert performances of three rarely seen American musicals a year, each meticulously resuscitated from archival sources and staged for an ultra-limited run of five performances.
February 22, 1908-June 8, 1999.
Medtronic is combining Arterial Vascular with its own division that makes products used to treat problems with blood vessels.
Presumably they're embarking on their annual weeklong summer cruise.
One Internet Web site, for instance, has even taken to calling the company ''Mutanto.''
The other half of the story is displayed for visitors in the slave quarters at Boone Hall and the Aiken-Rhett House downtown.
Cincinnati started the day three and a half games behind the Mets, who played later at Los Angeles, in the wild-card race.
My strengths are keeping the ball in play.
In Section 239, a man in his 40's who had taken his family along rocked to the music as one of his young sons and his wife dozed, oblivious to the amplified guitar strains and the pounding drums.
That discussion revolves around whether patients should be able to sue their health plans; this one revolves around what health care can do to create a climate in which patients are less likely to sue because mistakes are less likely to occur in the first place.
One of the former security guards reported that a contact in the Serbian police had told him, ''If you have any association with the O.S.C.E., you are shot on the spot.''
CARLETON--Named Heidi Luehmann women's volleyball coach.
This wild blossoming of mysticism is probably because the 70-mile-wide track of ''totality,'' as the complete blotting out of the sun is known, will cross a county readily linked with the supernatural.
By some studies, men here drink eight times as much alcohol as do women, and their death rates from accidents and injuries far exceed those of women in almost every category -- from fires, for example, by a factor of three; from alcohol poisoning, by a factor of five.
Ms. Guaspari said that almost every calamity that befalls schoolchildren in the movie was a fabrication.
Five female characters narrate a novel set in the Belgian Congo during that country's fight for independence.
Ms. Stroman has become known for presenting dancers who think and have inner lives, for creating choreography that is organic rather than merely cosmetic, for using movement to advance the main story rather than decorate or distract from it.
You live and you learn from each other.
''I came in first and in the last 200 meters, he just followed me the whole way and said, 'I knew you could do it,' '' Schaller said.
''This was just a case of critics being drawn to other books which aren't as much discussed.''
All the hubbub about the move is a reminder of the complications of representing the Fourth District, which is mostly composed of white-collar commuter enclaves but also includes a few fallen industrial areas.
I asked Laurence Tribe, a professor of constitutional law at Harvard, why it is important for law-abiding citizens to be concerned about any weakening of civil rights and civil liberties.
''The allies are somewhat flabbergasted,'' said Joachim Krauze, deputy director of the German Society for Foreign Affairs.
Another, spurred by the need to play the role of a sick person, is termed factitious disorder.
No dramatic comeback was necessary.
The German economy is a third larger than any other in Europe.
When the Luddite label is affixed to Dr.
Dear sister-in-law of Gladys Schwartz, Edith Drake and Nettie Stein, adored aunt of many nieces and nephews, great and generous friend to countless people through the years.
In my day-to-day and off-hour life I go mountain biking on the northern county trail that goes up through the watershed.
Of course, educators don't really get a special deal: she received the same offer from Advanta without any reference to her status as a teacher.
It is an immense financial pressure that would be unacceptable in most any other field of medical research.
Rose has won two straight starts after going without a victory in four.
I queried I was happy he said yes.
He made his way onto the stage as an actor after dropping out of James Madison High School in Brooklyn and trying to make a living as a saxophonist and leader of a band, Garson Kay and His Red Peppers.
He said he and a companion, Craig Stika, decided to ride out what seemed like a squall.
''I have gone back in my mind hundreds of times and changed one detail, one small event, so this never would have happened,'' he said at today's hearings.
For almost a year local residents and a tower company have been engaged in a spirited fight over the company's plans to erect a 1,289-foot steel tower on the plateau to send out the high-definition signals that will be needed for the next generation of television sets.
Now, from day to day, we sink lower.
He sat out the next two games.
Trouble is, the racial theme is quickly abandoned each time, having thrown the play off balance and left passions unresolved.
Today, for the first time, an American President traveled to a foreign nation and inaugurated an American Embassy.
He also did three triple jumps and a double axel.
They accomplished this by stripping away the historical styles and allowing structural engineering to shape architectural form.
In an unusual step, Mr. Bradley and Mr. McCain have scheduled a joint appearance on Thursday in New Hampshire to pledge that if nominated they would call on their parties to refuse unrestricted ''soft money'' contributions for party-building activities.
Both Father Hector and the principal at Mountt Carmel, Sister Prescilla, said they were routinely pressed to admit the children of influential civil servants and elected officials and often did.
''Cancer has just about emptied my phone book, and I've got it, too,'' he said.
Mr. Wolmer of Art and Auction estimated that individual sales have brought in $300,000 to $400,000.
3:52:38 7945 Klein, D, 31F .
When he returned to painting after a long stretch in design work during the war, he felt a need to move away from social realism to a more personal idiom; specific cases and closely observed detail had served his artistic purpose in the 1930's, but the global, existential menace of the bomb and the cold war induced a more allegorical and mythopoeic approach.
(An elegant metaphor for the human soul, the glowing lights make online avatars seem like crude paper dolls.)
Barnes's second goal cut the Toronto lead to one goal, briefly, midway through the third period.
The weaker and more head-turning of the women (Ms. Regnier) falls for the advances of a rich nightclub owner, while her fiery friend, played with unforgettable immediacy by Ms. Bouchez, rages against what she views as imminent disaster.
''There are people driving here from all over the country -- we can't even make room for them -- saying they've had enough, they're coming home,'' the Prime Minister said.
This year, most of the campaign money was moved into mutual funds and a money market account.
And he writes about all of these subjects, sometimes about several at once, by stringing together long, sound-fascinated sentence fugues that create their own internal tempests as they seek to bring together as much cross-pollinated intelligence as possible, often ending up sounding on the page a lot like Stanley Crouch talking to you.
Anything collarless is shown with a scarf or muffler wound closely around the neck.
''Our best way of bringing it to life is through imitation,'' said Mr. Roberts, who dances as the red boy.
''It is part of the sovereignty of a country to make the laws it decides it should do, and carry out the judicial processes it decides it should do,'' he added, alluding to the trial of four dissidents and the passing of new anti-subversion legislation, which prompted foreign protests.
Making the finals marked a memorable moment in the year of LATRELL SPREWELL, who watched last year's playoff from home because of his suspension from the league.
Joseph Plaza, 233 West Market Street, Newark.
But only if you have an address he respects.
Ms. Lozada, who is of Puerto Rican descent, has worked in commercials, theater and ''snippets'' on television from the age of 8.
It's dreary, drizzling and always cold.
Now you can program your phone with a ringing tone of your own creation.
The International All-Star Cricket Cup at Columbia's Baker Field will pit Asia, with players from Sri Lanka and India, against the world team, which has the Australian star Mark Taylor in addition to players from the West Indies, Zimbabwe and Kenya.
AS she makes her way around the Beech Forest pond, she admits that her sometimes hectic travel schedule makes it hard to walk regularly, and that eating well is always a struggle.
Citizens of some 70 nations have been taking part in the United Nations program to organize the referendum, and many are now stranded here, unprotected.
The oldest doll, of wood and cloth, is dated circa 1721-1750.
I do endure thrice-yearly periodontal cleanings and admonishments to do a better job on a daily basis, but still that 18-inch strip of string does not always find its proper mark before the day is done.
That job, he points out, always impressed his son more than the fact that his artist friends included people like de Kooning and Milton Avery, because he was able to bring home autographs of Brooklyn Dodgers who had placed bets at his window.
The hotel was ringed by city buses that were purposely parked bumper to bumper to prevent the organization's critics from approaching the hotel.
He's not identical to his father (he is more like his mom in that he can be both meaner and more charismatic), but the essential Bush traits are there -- among them an aversion to grand ideas and a talent for male bonding.
The mice lacking the NR1 gene in the hippocampus indeed did not remember as well, suggesting the NMDA receptor is important in laying down memories.
TV News Shows Form Personalities While skeptics said that the networks had stuffed too many news magazines into their schedules and that the genre would become either puffy or stale, all the magazines did reasonably well for the season, and almost all were renewed for the fall.
Edward S. Gordon and Douglas Elliman are different brands and different businesses that were successful independently and are now linked only by a common ownership, Mr. Farkas said.
It is a montage; there are only a few in the show.
The dollar slid after the Federal Reserve kept interest rates unchanged.
Jeter finished the rally with a three-run homer to right field that put the Yankees ahead by 6-1.
5:54:45 29946 Matsumora, K, 60M .
The information appeared on the log sheet next to his name, along with ''doctor and surgeon.''
It was left to Mr. Canady to be the scholarly one.
Sorrow, of course, keeps breaking in.
''It's safe to assume that this was a special circumstance for New York Life,'' Mr. Werfelman said, noting that the company was no longer pursuing the legislation and expected its lobbying expenses to plummet this year.
Capitalism has provided the only durable path out of misery for ordinary people, first in the West and now around the globe.
Then he added Roger Clemens, the best pitcher in baseball, to his already peerless staff.
Mr. Karadzic, leader of the Bosnian Serbs during the 1992-1995 war, has been indicted for war crimes.
The hardest thing is for people to sit here and watch the hours tick away and they are losing money.''
''Race was something I discovered intellectually later on in college.
The officials are betting that while the bank would not reverse any of its policies, it would begin increasing the money supply, probably by adding to the one trillion yen pile of money -- $8.9 billion at current exchange rates -- it leaves in the market every day.
''When I am playing Keyshawn, especially on a deep ball, I don't go for the interception every time, especially if I'm not in the right position,'' Glenn said.
But Ms. Racette's gleaming voice and dramatic intensity reveal the force of the inner demons that drive Blanche to the convent.
The direct similarities are few but strong: the opening gesture of serene stepwise descent from a bell-like high F; at its repetition, ornamental triplets ''with which he brushes the theme as with the gentle wings of a butterfly'' (a 19th-century commentary on the nocturne by Louis Ehlert), and a continuation in F minor (the middle section of Chopin's piece; the choral commentary in Donizetti's).
The panel of six was chosen in a curious jury selection process.
New Zealand's team is called the All Blacks, but the name refers to the color of its uniform.
For the restaurant's 40th-birthday cocktail party this week, more than 800 guests -- Ronald O. Perelman, Wendy Wasserstein, Charlie Rose, Tommy Mottola, Barry Diller, Edward I. Koch, Jonathan Tisch, Bryant Gumbel, Larry Gagosian, David N. Dinkins -- are expected to throng the Pool and Grill Rooms.
It deals with people who keep their feelings internal, people who can't talk to each other and express what they really feel.
Several hours later his father lost consciousness and remained in a coma for more than 11 weeks.
And why do it during a meeting of the United Church of Christ, a denomination that does not shy from pointing to its historic ties to anti-slavery leaders?
''This is for staying in the hospital for six weeks, which is something that most people don't want to do,'' Dr. Kleber said.
''In the beginning, they complained that they weren't secretaries and that they didn't want to learn how to type,'' Mr. McFadden said.
Mass Tuesday 10 AM Our Lady of Perpetual Help, Scottsdale.
St. Claude is the name given to a succulent chocolate cake flavored with candied orange peel and Grand Marnier -- a splendid bonbon translated into pastry form.
Shares were sold at $17 and closed their first day at $18.4375.
One issue that hit home with many actors was Mr. Daniels's assertion that cable television residuals were too low.
Perhaps the most compelling example of abuses was the seizure by the United States Attorney's office in Houston of the Red Carpet Motel last year.
The agreement came after weeks of often bitter wrangling following Fox's unilateral announcement last month that it would reclaim 20 of the 90 commercials a week that had previously been sold by the local stations.
FOOTBALL National Football League CAROLINA PANTHERS--Placed DT Esera Tuaolo on injured reserve.
She was a grande dame, the celebrated epicenter of cultural life in a beautiful, if faded, seaport.
Among the honorees will be Harold Evans, the editor and publisher, and Arnold Newman, the photographer.
Ocean's eye movements and a sensor that recorded his hand movements.
Mr. Grinberg, a first-time offender who tested just over the legal limit during the first night of the crackdown, is the test case the New York Civil Liberties Union hopes to use get the crackdown declared illegal.
That happened back in the 1980's.
But in the end, Mr. Gallagher struck a deal with prosecutors and identified Mr. Ventura.
''Government did not, in general, investigate or punish effectively those who committed such abuses.''
N2H2 Inc., Seattle, an initial public offering of 4.5 million shares.
Services Tuesday, 11:30 AM, at ''Boulevard-Riverside'' 1450 Broadway, Hewlett, LI.
The Officers, Directors and employees of the Atlantic Salmon Federation are so saddened by the passing of our great stalwart friend, Robert Winthrop.
They called for a national dialogue to explore just how much the secrecy requirements imposed by private finance cost.
It took a freshman to describe how the Wildcats wasted away.
The artist acknowledges her admiration of the ''anti-novel'' French authors and filmmakers of the 1960's, in which absence evokes presence and ambiguity is all.
Mr. Vajpayee initiated a hug.
He has yet to pay the $150 bill for a tetanus shot at a hospital in Yonkers, near his home.
''The way we're playing now, defensive players are influential.''
(borrowed from Lily Tomlin) -- have circulated on bootleg tapes for years.
The series winner will take on New Zealand for sailing's most prized trophy next year.
Shigella lives in human feces and usually is passed from person to person when carriers do not wash their hands.
Michael Clark, president of the Citizens Committee for New York City, which helped sponsor the picnic, said, ''It's very easy to inflate an awful event into a misreading of relations between the Police Department and African-Americans.''
The ethnic backgrounds of this defendant could not be determined from his arrest file.
The Seattle City Council has also passed a resolution to help finance the project.
And like many directors, Mr. Longbottom thinks in images: ''If I can't see something once I've read a scene, it usually means there's a problem with the way it's written.''
From sheer determination I was able to do those ''Otello'' performances at the Met, but then six months later I was saying, ''Gee, why am I still so tired?''
Paired by numerical scores, ''female'' jobs routinely won less pay than ''male'' jobs.
He was very careful in his choice of words and said he hoped his team would play against the Americans at the level it did on April 25, referring to China's 2-1 victory in a friendly at Giants Stadium.
In 1997, with Manhattan's housing market robust, the Y.M.C.A.
A possible loan from Niagara County was abandoned.
And the President was already upstairs, I had ascertained that from the usher, and I went up, and I raised with him the whole question of Monica Lewinsky and asked him directly if he had had sexual relations with Monica Lewinsky, and the President said, ''No, never.''
We finished off with two forks making quick -- should I say competitive?
Jefferies started 21 of 34 games last year and averaged 7.7 points and 3.9 rebounds a game for Arkansas, which was 23-11.
It is not just Slobodan Milosevic, the Serbian leader, or a few paramilitary leaders with blood on their hands; the Serbian nation as a whole is complicit.
Lockhart was only slightly better.
The only bumps in the road that the purring New Labor machine has been gliding along have been in an area of potential vulnerability for this Government -- the ethical conduct of its ministers and the unity of their commitment to the Prime Minister's program.
The high hope in the Democrats' morning sound bites fell flat by midday.
The boy, Aquon Salmon, was killed by Officer Robert C. Allan of the Hartford police as Aquon and three other youths ran from a car linked to an attempted robbery.
One leader who was stopped at the airport, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq, has maintained that the status of Kashmir is not a territorial dispute between India and Pakistan, but a political issue.
Nancy Anderson, a Microsoft lawyer, said that people donating Microsoft software should also give the recipient all manuals and other materials, and added, ''They should make sure there is no other copy that is being retained.''
Euro RSCG Tatham in Chicago, part of the Euro RSCG Worldwide unit of Havas Advertising, has named Patrick Palmer to the new position of director for consumer insight and planning, bringing together the agency's media planning and account planning functions.
''With that in mind, I look more favorably on the idea of tax-incentivized savings.''
PARENTS take note: Matthew Wilder may be able to get your children to practice the piano.
In one of several cabaret songs that punctuate the film, Judy delivers an anthem in which she proclaims that she is not a drag queen and makes a forceful distinction between people like her and gay men who dress up as women.
Mr. Preston's imagery, abetted by Christopher Barreca's sets and Ellen McCartney's costumes, are more a distraction than an improvement.
Their voices were loud; to my ears, their language sounded bold, even harsh.
The studio, now part of his house, ''smelled like wine for five years afterwards,'' he recalled somewhat mistily.
D4 Atlanta Slugger Has Cancer The Braves said Andres Galarraga had a cancerous tumor in his back and would miss the season.
Cyrus Chestnut used to be a regular feature of this band, but Eric Reed, another gospel-trained pianist, has taken over the chair.
Yet the Taliban are themselves terrorists in a war against women that has destroyed the lives of countless women and girls.
(AP) SUDAN: MENINGITIS EPIDEMIC The World Health Organization plans to vaccinate 4.5 million people in Sudan against meningitis to stem an epidemic that has affected some 17,000 people and resulted in 750 deaths.
She graduated from the University of Maryland and received a master's degree in acting from New York University.
Admission: $4.50; $3.50 for the elderly; $3 for children 6 to 14; under 6, free.
Within the department he was famed -- and widely feared -- for his merciless questioning of precinct commanders and his intolerance of failure.
The hour approaches when the Senate can vote yea or nay on the articles of impeachment, and Representative Henry Hyde can, as he promised yesterday, lead his fellow House managers gently into the night.
Admission is $15, and reservations may be made by calling 967-0700.
His musical world begins in New York, pays a short visit to England and lingers in Paris for some serious fun before the return trip to the United States via Ireland, with a quick stop in Brazil.
Although he had been adamant that his last short play, ''Ashes to Ashes,'' be staged individually, he felt that the new work could have a theatrical partner.
(Bulbs that flower later in the season will not get enough sun on the foliage to bloom in subsequent years.)
While it loosened rules on TV ownership, it tightened them for radio stations in some cases, limiting one company to six stations in a city with at least 20 total stations, or seven if the company owns only one TV station.
His interest elicited the ridicule of his neighbors, who considered snow ''as common as dirt'' and couldn't imagine why anyone would want to know more about it.
A plan to create a defense arm for the 15-nation European Union is stirring fears among American civilian and military officials in NATO about unnecessary replication the allies can ill afford.
Mr. Wilshin said he had not yet leased the space to a new tenant.
Gelbard will get a Nobel Prize if he gets a united opposition.''
For this discovery, Dr. Richter and Dr. Samuel C. C. Ting of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology shared the 1976 Nobel Prize in Physics.
Instead of searching through magazine and newspaper articles for information and advice, investors can go on line to sort through thousands of funds and run through detailed asset allocation scenarios for growth or value investing as well as domestic or international choices.
''I would characterize it as a senseless act of violence, without provocation.''
Cherished aunt of Gail Luparello and great-aunt of Kara, Josh and Lori.
Until now he hasn't been willing or able to break the mold and cast a new one.
BALTIMORE Albert Belle has voided the no-trade clause in his five-year contract with the Orioles, who no longer like the idea of hanging on to the outfielder for a minimum of three years.
Going forward with those actions depends upon the outcome of a crucial balloting of the quarrelsome Ulster Unionist Party in Belfast next Saturday.
But the reprieve today will effectively accelerate that plan by putting the weakest affiliates under bank management.
In a front-page article on April 3, 1952, under the headline ''Reds' Photographs on Germ Warfare Exposed as Fakes,'' The Times published the photographs, the captions, in Chinese and translation, and the experts' comments.
It will have a total of about 1 million microprocessors.
When not in the desert, I can generally be found at the beach.
Mr. Biggs makes this self-conscious earnestness work for Starbuck as well, just as Mr. Story brings an exuberant, expressly youthful quality of overemphasis to everything he says.
The Asian crisis has imposed on all of them a common frame of reference.
''The dragonfly does not appear solid, so a jeweler can do all kinds of stones.''
The ease with which the Yankees dispatched the Rangers, a team that won 95 games yet looks like a scared Class AAA club against them, is incredible.
Increasing foreign investment in Brazilian equities together with greater optimism among domestic investors have pushed the index up 83 percent in local-currency terms and 34 percent in dollar terms so far this year.
American Hockey League NEW HAVEN BEAST -- Assigned F Andrew Long to Miami of the ECHL.
As it banged against a rock my head banged, not gently this time, along the river bottom.
Popular until era of the A.S.P.C.A.
You can see that grit in him where he just hitches up the belt and goes after people.''
Each time, he would stay in the hospital for a few days of treatment with strong intravenous drugs.
Dr. Sigal at the Robert Wood Johnson Medical School said: ''The world is littered with drugs that were released thinking they're quite safe and effective, and then some problem emerges.''
Yet the production grew slightly monotonous.
''This is a technical investigation that involves every big bank in Germany,'' said Dierk Hartwig, a Deutsche Bank spokesman, in an interview.
''And we'll use the same family of materials.''
It takes 67 senators to remove a President from office, so at least 12 Democrats would have to defect to convict Mr. Clinton.
''We want people to realize that we're here as a resource, that we are their organization and that we're doing some very, one-of-a-kind work,'' Ms. Knighton said.
The fit of the wars is perfect.
Brown maintains the two agreed he would not make the trip so he could get treatment for a deep thigh bruise.
'' Sandra G. Mallah, the Superintendent of Greenburgh 11, contends that the school district is better off without the suspended teachers.
18 -- once in regulation, and once in the playoff.
''Still, this ship harkens back to a grand maritime era when ships were made of wood and men were made of iron.
This Poe, it turns out, is not substantially represented in the Morgan holdings, which helps Ms. Nelson emphasize the productive over the pained Poe, but the latter does makes an appearance here nonetheless, in sections titled ''Love and Death'' and ''Personal Suffering.''
Walking with aluminum crutches and a pronounced limp, Gov.
A popular choice among the Hornets players, Silas said he was surprised when he got a phone call last week from the Hornets' owner, George Shinn, who asked to meet with him at the airport.
More than 40 states allow some people to carry concealed weapons, but in many, permits are rarely issued, and only if applicants demonstrate a need, like carrying large amounts of cash in their work.
And two group numbers, ''Modernes'' and ''El Gato Triste,'' are the dance equivalent of sleek French bedroom farce, with the performers handing one another along through tightly knit choreography and just about every romantic permutation imaginable.
All the defendants insist the charges are untrue.
Congress tossed that hot potato to Clinton, who caved to the insurance and hospital lobbies.
Traveling from Florida to the Amazon, the singer-songwriter reflects on his life.
Earlier this week, like a boy in a treehouse, he climbed to the roof of his 135,000-square-foot store, gazed south to the Empire State Building, west to the tall bluffs of New Jersey, and down to the Thruway below him, where an exit has been built for his convenience and named Stew Leonard Drive.
chimed a trio of women in the rain outside the Jasper Conran show.
Now, many streets are unrecognizable.
and one of those under indictment, said today that late last week Lee had moved in state court here to wrest control of the bank accounts of the I.B.F.
Mario M. Cuomo who is now in her sixth term.
But achieving a comprehensive agreement will be possible only if all sides are prepared to take some risks.
But aid workers say the Government, while publicly professing cooperation, is slow.
Tom and Susan Faessler and their three daughters live in Medfield, 15 miles from Boston.
After the two published a book on their work, the commission met with them in 1994, then forwarded its findings to the Vatican, which continued the investigation through correspondence with Father Nugent and Sister Gramick.
Mr. Trapido's device also allows you to ''save'' items as you see or hear them.
When he started City Lights Books in San Francisco, he published Ms. Ponsot's first collection, ''True Minds,'' in 1957.
Income from the sale of Mercedes-Benz and Smart vehicles, the second- largest contributor to DaimlerChrysler's operating profits, rose 4 percent.
But for more than a dozen teaching hospitals in New York, which depend heavily on federal aid, the gains would be more than offset by the loss of money they receive for training doctors.
More players were graduating or going out early than we could recruit.''
The surprise is not the picnic but the great lobster roll that you can get at Lobster Place, a retail fish market filled with gleaming, fresh seafood.
AD REINHARDT/ ROBERT MOTHERWELL, Marlborough, 40 West 57th Street, (212) 541-4900 (through March 13).
Tracy is caught up in a cycle of people of telling him, 'It's just supposed to come to you.'
The Supreme Court also said, however, that it would take direct appeals of the lower court's decision and make a final ruling on the law, blocking enforcement of it until then.
Commtouch's stock climbed 31 percent, rising $11.625, to $49.125, in Nasdaq trading.
In this selective list, some opening dates are for New York only and at least a few are sure to change even as you're reading this.
''But I've certainly faced the struggle and also the sort of excitement and possibility and thinking that there is another chance of finding someone after you've been divorced.
Fortunately, the prehistoric creatures in Purchase, N.Y., on Sunday will be much friendlier, although they will also be there for purposes of reproduction.
''They think it's not asthma, they put off care and don't listen to what they're told.
Also, should the inspection include window guards in apartments with children under 10 years old?
Mr. Shipley is leaving 11 months before he reaches the mandatory retirement age of 65.
Mr. Arbor -- who says he is considering running for chairman again next year -- says that if the exchange runs both a floor and an electronic system, pressure from the floor traders will impede the growth of the online unit.
The Pocket Camera, which takes miniature photos and is meant for children and teen-agers, was introduced in Japan last spring and has sold so well that the company has had trouble keeping stores supplied -- which explains why it has not been rolled out in Europe or North America, Mr. DiCamillo said.
The country's six largest airlines and the industry's trade association spent 42 percent more lobbying Congress in the first half of 1998 than during the comparable period a year earlier, according to a Washington-based group.
(They get to hit only when they face National League teams on the road, and just one bloop single wins them 12 months of bragging rights.)
''It is a unique opportunity for France Telecom to participate in the development of innovative and convergent services combining telephony, digital TV and the Internet with one of the largest alternative telecom companies in the U.K.,'' Michel Bon, chairman and chief executive of France Telecom said in a statement.
At the close of what might have been the last century dominated by human brain power, Mr. Kirk's vision of a friendly, fantastic future -- even if devoid of people -- is intriguing and reassuring.
Upshaw noted that the small increase is because of two factors -- the expansion that will add Cleveland as the N.F.L.
We would have to install a lead pan or waterproof membrane beneath the tile floor and a waterproof board behind the wall tiles in the shower area.
Much has been made over the years in which Albert Belle has unleashed his wicked bat and vile temper on baseball about his unwillingness to talk to reporters.
Asked if it is difficult giving up the dogs at the end of the 15 months, Ms. Sandford said: ''It's not something that's easy to do, but I'm prepared to do it.
''We purposely wanted to keep the building simple and not a distraction to the sight lines of the ship,'' said Mr. Suk, who initially became involved with the Intrepid as a volunteer five years ago.
Saturday at 6 P.M. Tickets: $125.
The reality of the situation was unfolding painfully for a Knicks team that was beginning to fizzle on the floor while Larry Johnson leaned stiffly against the baseline table and Kurt Thomas was still huffing like a steam whistle in an empty locker room.
The Bearcats play Dixieland at Fox Lane High School in Bedford on Friday at 8 p.m. For more details, call 666-9181.
''I've been doing it since he got here -- stalking!
She graduated from the University of Michigan and received a master's degree in film and video production from Texas.
Describing herself as fervently Greek Orthodox, she also refused to perform in Lebanon since people were not free to travel between the factional cantons, and any group that controlled the territory where she sang might try to claim her.
It did not say how many people were involved in the blockade today.
She took the time to learn people's names, to wave when she passed them,'' Mr. Watkins said.
In the dance scenes, Leda Lojodice's choreography seemed overly simple, yet the dancing was often awkward.
''The chief business of the American people,'' said Calvin Coolidge, ''is business.''
The new addition, which is largely submerged and features seven glass extrusions scattered in the grassy turf of a 17-acre sculpture park, will enlarge the museum by 55 percent, to 374,000 square feet.
Loving grandmother of fifteen grandchildren and great grandmother of one.
The opposing position is often more implied than articulated, but it has been eloquently expounded by Leon Wieseltier in an essay in the current issue of The New Republic.
Discussion focused on ways to harness the volunteer spirit of college students through work-study programs.
''We were much more active.
He wants us all to live a happy life.
''I've been fighting this since the mid-80's, but it's only recently that the noise, pollution and dumping have galvanized the town,'' Ms. Metcalfe-Helmar said.
The results have been weighted to take account of household size and number of telephone lines into the residence and to adjust for variations in the sample relating to geographic region, sex, race, age and education.
Now many people don't even have rice to eat.
In parody of Dante's vision of Beatrice in heaven, Alex, stunned by the discovery that Nora is aboard the space shuttle, gazes at her on the television news: ''How can I be happy when my girlfriend is in space?''
Yet the story Mr. Parini tells is more than palatable.
He also served in the Army during World War II and the Korean War.
But Rogers said his right hamstring, which bothered him last week in his first start with the Mets, felt fine.
But the Jets also face a unique set of problems.
The decline in occupancy rates has not been accompanied by a decline in visitors to the city, said Fran Reiter, president of the New York Convention and Visitors Bureau.
''They did not paper over their differences,'' said Mr. Rubenstein, who attended the meeting.
There was a yellowing poster for Andrew Dice Clay's ''Ford Fairlane'' on the wall.
''Is there other accounting being uncovered that's even worse than what's already known?
I can sleep at night because he's there to protect me.
During a stretch in the second and third quarters, the Nets went 7 minutes 50 seconds without a point and 8:57 without a basket as Philadelphia opened a 64-50 lead, its biggest of the game.
If the price rises, though, the short-seller faces a loss.
He wants, as usual, to have it all.
The company will recapture the overall cost of the project when it sells the cleaned property to Sterling.
But he went wrong in early 1991 as the allied countries were pushing Iraq out of Kuwait.
Dow Chemical rebounded 5 11/16, to 124 5/16, after losing 6 1/16 on its Wednesday bid for Union Carbide.
A devoted Catholic who courted cardinals and Popes, Mr. Andreotti never lost favor in the Vatican.
Sharply disagreeing, Dave Cameron, a teamsters' spokesman, said more than 2,000 workers were on strike yesterday, with the picketing expanding to 109 of Overnite's 166 terminals.
Yet, when we look into the eyes of an ape, our perception of undeniable affinity evokes an eerie fascination that we usually express as laughter or as fear.
''I don't know that you could do this in any other genre of music,'' said the singer-songwriter Steve Wariner, pausing from a special hourlong autograph session for his handicapped fans to imagine the pandemonium that would ensue if Bruce Springsteen, John Mellencamp, Pearl Jam and half a dozen other rockers gathered under one roof for an open house.
With this building and others ''we are taking a longterm view that we can make improvements and, over time, increase rents,'' Mr. Kushner said.
Survived by wife Colleen of Lumpkin, GA (formerly of Hastings-on-Hudson, NY); daughter Elizabeth Levin of Berkeley Heights, NJ; brothers John & Royce and sister Carolyn Taylor and two grandchildren.
Still, we were there and so were the fish.
If Minnesota knew which Arizona defensive back was going to cover which Viking receiver, then Minnesota would have an edge.
The desire to see something -- anything -- get built runs high in a city where grand public works programs are remembered only by citizens with the grayest hair.
But with so many producers, prices for the drives tumbled, and the profit projections became jokes.
Lugging his lunch pail, he strides across the iron bridge that has spanned that spot since 1870.
He is averaging 14.8 points.
But there is a difference between deferring with a pedestrian pass in the perimeter world he used to live in as the shooter, and creating opportunities for others with an aggressive drive to the basket.
It also displeased those who believed that theater has an obligation, if only in terms of drama, to demonstrate something more than what one critic described as O'Neill's ''automatic pessimism.''
For more information: (203) 438-4519.
''This should not be an excuse that because I am not with them, that is why they are committing atrocities.
Testing leads to the part of pool preparation and maintenance that is most perplexing to homeowners -- pool-water chemistry.
''Keeping this information out of a national database has never been a serious barrier to terrorists,'' said Paul Orum, the Washington coordinator of the Working Group on Community Right-to-Know.
'Wasteland' Worries The reason ABC says it is holding off the ''N.Y.P.D.
An offbeat history of the flying-saucer subculture.
Appearing jaunty at times but also tearful when she spoke of her late husband, who was convicted of fraud and died in a Federal prison last year, Ms. McDougal said he had once ''loved Bill Clinton very much.''
Hazard, 28, is keeping her name.
She has lost 15 pounds.
In response, Ms. Price said: ''A lot of people might think that something that's done in the hills of Wisconsin has to be condescending.
In lieu of flowers, donations to Calvary Hospital 1740 Eastchester Rd., Bronx, NY 10461, appreciated.
A. I have a fevered imagination.
Fred Plotkin, who divides his time between New York and Italy, includes a sketchy but informative recipe for sun-dried tomato sauce in his ''Recipes From Paradise'' (Little, Brown; 1997), a cookbook on Liguria (also known as the Italian Riviera).
In 1976, Ms. Byron said, she left the theater to pursue her dream of working with tigers.
Peter Burleigh, who has managed the Iraq issue for the United States on the Security Council this week while Richard C. Holbrooke, the chief American representative, has been in Washington fighting for Congressional action on American dues to the United Nations, told reporters after the Council meeting today that ''the world knows that Iraq has a demonstrated commitment to both sustaining and possibly rebuilding their weapons of mass destruction.''
In sports, there's good, better and best.
Trading MP3 music files is a popular pastime for college students.
But as life at Columbine settles into a semblance of normality, the threats at the other high schools were no cause for concern for some who survived the shootings.
Mr. Ali, 36, who was jailed last May 19, is the only witness who is known to have refused, and been held in contempt.
The new one is transactions: the number of checks cleared, the number of ATM transactions, the number of loans made.
During this visit, Mr. Chirac has focused on expanding France's economic interests in Africa.
David Bowie was one of the first celebrities to create an Internet service; part of the appeal for subscribers is that he drops in for on-line chats from time to time.
''The timing is not right,'' Mr. Greenspan said in response to a question at the House Banking Committee a few hours before the vote on the tax bill.
A3 Pushing for Kosovo Democracy The new American Ambassador to the United Nations, Richard C. Holbrooke, met Kosovo's ethnic Albanian leaders and urged them to help build the free, law-abiding and democratic society they say they want and that the NATO alliance went to war to provide.
Marco Polo Land is open till mid-October; (800) 665-2352.
Standing on chunky fiberglass legs on an unfinished wooden palette, she exudes a mysterious, slightly menacing eroticism (Johnson).
At Veruka, on Broome Street, Samantha Ronson's band was making its rocking debut in the downstairs room.
His graduation present in 1971 was ''Bessie'' (named for its Oregon license plate, BES 335), a blue 1960 Sprite that he still owns.
He was celebrating the end of an ordeal.
He saw what the market had become for top line pitchers, $12.5 million a year and up, and he wanted some of it.
Rowdy Hall, 10 Main Street, East Hampton, (631) 324-8555.
''She can do a good job.''
In the Williams canon, Ms. Hunter has since played, in no order whatsoever, Big Mama in ''Cat on a Hot Tin Roof,'' Alma Winemiller in ''Summer and Smoke'' and ''Eccentricities of a Nightingale,'' Amanda Wingfield in ''The Glass Menagerie,'' Lady Torrance in ''Orpheus Descending'' and Mrs. Venable in ''Suddenly Last Summer,'' all in regional theaters.
''The idea that this is cooked up to defraud foreign tourists is rubbish,'' he said.
So what lessons has Ford learned that might be useful to Renault?
Lear Is Selling Electric-Motor Unit The auto-interior maker Lear agreed to sell an electric-motor business to Johnson Electric Holdings, the maker of small motors, for $310 million.
THE new players came with skills that dazzled the native-born ones.
Two years from now, the city plans to have workers rip an 11-acre pit in Van Cortlandt Park to build a $660 million underground water-filtration plant.
The council is creating quality standards for best practices; developing a third-party system to certify compliance and label the results, and creating consumer awareness, confidence and demand for certified companies and aquarium animals.
Besides, Mr. Steinle noted, ''Persona doesn't cost anything.''
George as Director Yes, there's life after ''Seinfeld.''
Participants 5 and older will meet at the Dana Discovery Center, 110th Street near Fifth Avenue.
Ruthie was a pioneer in creating high fashion for pets.
Mr. Lott will meet with his caucus this morning, and yesterday he looked like a man who was feeling the threat of rebellion.
Harper, who blitzed the Nets for a season-high 25 points last week, scored 10 points in the period to lead the Bulls.
With the train traveling the maximum 79 miles per hour, the driver would have seen the train for at most 5.6 seconds before it reached the crossing.
And amid the crossover fever, there's now a backlash boomlet, not just of traditional music, but of revivals of classic songs.
We're hoping things get better by the time the European grass horses come out of quarantine tomorrow.
They need to be together, and they need to be apart from Christian worship, for Messiaen created his own vision by way of rhythms, harmonies, tone colors and silences.
Rarely have ecologists confronted such a striking example of what can happen when a first-order natural disturbance is combined with a first-order disturbance of the natural world by humans.
ON the other hand, we weren't complaining as we sat down to a tasty lunch, prepared by the boat's cook, of stewed tambaqui (a rich, meaty Amazon fish), vegetables, salad and fresh papaya.
He studied at New York University, the Art Students League and the New School for Social Research and graduated from Pratt Institute.
With all eyes on the magic earnings number, not meeting it can kill a stock.
We planned the route very carefully.
Costco, the retailing Goliath that reshaped suburban shopping by selling gallon tubs of pickle relish and other bulk items at discount, is on the verge of entering the fancy food market.
Dr. Piven, 30, is an education specialist for the Greater Philadelphia High School Partnership program at the University of Pennsylvania.
Later in the morning, the Taliban, which has made its impatience with the pace of the talks plain, sent in dozens of heavily armed soldiers and trucks loaded with a rocket launcher and an anti-aircraft Stinger missile.
''If you look at July and August together,'' said Tom Nardone, chief of labor statistics, ''everything looks like it did earlier in the year.''
''When you have limited visibility of future revenues, and high customer concentration, those are risks,'' Mr. Silverstein said.
Since his arrival in the Caucasus in 1995, he has trained scores of young fighters in guerrilla warfare, and in particular in the art of mountain ambushes.
The news last week that Gov.
He also said that some names they registered are no more than catchy words that people starting new businesses might want.
Court deliberations over the fate of the vacant complex are expected to take at least another year.
Mr. Zabar owns a half-dozen buildings on the street, including a bakery, a grocery store and a cafe.
Nor did Kephart, a freelance writer, have any real doubt that Jeremy would need extra help, redoubled devotion, if he were to keep one foot in the world as most of the rest of us know it.
Mr. Amato was the trustees' first choice among four finalists recommended by a search committee.
Judge King also read letters from Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer, praising Judge Wisdom for his courage and perseverance.
The Bells, by the way, are also going to the New Rochelle Library next Saturday at 3 P.M., providing the music while the library supplies wine and cheese.
NEVERRR trusht a naked woman,'' Sean Connery counsels in his sibilant Scottish burr in ''Entrapment,'' the new thriller about two thieves chasing the ultimate heist.
Given their size, it would be easiest to store them in a dormant state in an unheated garage.
Neither Dr. Albright's warm relationship with the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Jesse Helms -- a friendship she has taken great pride in -- nor Mr. Berger's political instincts helped.
He's a fresh horse; he didn't go through the Triple Crown.''
In five starts against his former team, Clemens is undefeated, but that's nothing, really: he has won 19 consecutive decisions over all, an American League record and five victories short of Carl Hubbell's major league record, and Clemens is assured of going more than a calendar year without losing.
Aston Martin and Lagonda enjoyed enviable reputations among Britain's fast set between the wars, but neither was a commercial success.
They work for a specific audience.
He said the city hoped to unveil a long-term plan in line with one proposed last year by Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani.
In Hannibal, too, accidents are far more common for automobiles.
According to the Pirro indictment, Mr. Boyle steered Mr. Pirro to the building and in April, a company controlled by Mr. Pirro, Distinctive Properties of Croton, bought it for $900,000.
Joseph M. Sullivan Episcopal Vicar for Health and Human Services Chairman, Board of Trustees O'BRIEN-Dorothy.
''It's still a problem,'' said Ms. Lightfoot, who was herself a mother at the age of 14.
The sale to Bombardier of Montreal of 24 T-6A-1 Raytheon Aircraft turboprop trainers, the basic training plane for the United States Navy and Air Force, would be the first transfer of American military technology to the private sector, United States officials said.
A man was accused of shooting his former girlfriend and her father, then setting their house on fire early yesterday.
or a scouting job or to be free, so when somebody gets fired I'd be there.''
Grill or broil tuna, turning once, to desired degree of doneness, about six minutes for rare.
DINGELL AMENDMENT: For the measure 3.
's new advertising approach enables it to deliver ads from its own server computers -- a departure from the norm, since advertisers generally rely on publishers or third-party advertising companies like Doubleclick and Flycast to deliver ads on their behalf.
Best execution is not easily quantifiable,'' Ms. Richards said, ''because it encompasses lots of factors.''
A man with cancer returns to the eastern Washington of his youth to commit suicide.
''I am not any more concerned about custodians applying Raid than I am about parents applying it.
If he wants to box in 2000, he will have to reapply before the end of the year.
A BORDER PASSAGE From Cairo to America -- A Woman's Journey.
No one from the Taylor family could be reached for comment.
Waters has told reporters that he knows nothing about what happened to Mr. Fry.
No matter how close they come, of course, the industry feels secure with its books.
When it was first formed, even before the Ivy Hill apartments were built 40 years ago, this was a mixed population.
Still, old habits can die hard.
We were the underdogs, and we weren't going to back down on anybody.''
But she also strutted about the stage in black leather, a bona fide sexpot.
It is to be seasoned with soy, teriyaki or hot sauce and eaten with chopsticks or a knife and fork.
The intensity of the criticism of all this role-playing is surprising.
The quest to understand these tiny bonds -- the very glue of material existence -- is the heart of chemical science.
It is the purpose of the attempt to have Monica Lewinsky testify from the well of the Senate.
He was nominated by President Valdas Adamkus after Rolandas Paksas resigned in protest at the privatization of the Mazeikiai oil refinery.
And she said, 'O.K., I'll do it.'
But industry analysts and consultants said the damage to Van Kampen's reputation would serve as a more powerful deterrent to other fund companies.
Some refugees say they were told of bodies burning in a schoolyard, others say they know that the police dumped dozens of bodies in black garbage bags in front of a downtown supermarket.
assumed control, women were virtually locked out of administrative positions on N.C.A.A.
He is a son of Marie and Alfred Friendly Jr. of Washington.
Thus begins Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri, a strategy game that marries Sim City to Frank Herbert's ''Dune.''
''I heard a lot of shooting, about six shots, and it woke me up,'' said Elsie Contes, 32.
14 in 1994 and its recent soundtrack to the Spike Lee movie ''He Got Game'' peaking at No.
We don't speak for the corporation.''
White House officials say Mr. Clinton is not against tax cuts, noting that he has already put down a bid in the form of his proposal for $250 billion in tax breaks over the next decade intended to spur more retirement savings among low- and middle-income families.
But these projects, though controversial, had sufficient local support, and went forward after approval by the City Council.
Will the sloppily dressed, irreverent good guys find a way to get Parkyn back?
Mr. Feingold's ''Calling of the Bankroll'' has pointed out how health insurance donors influenced legislation governing health-maintenance organizations, how the tax-cut bill got packed with treats for businesses, and how big donations by Chevron, Atlantic Richfield and BP Amoco led to the break on oil royalties.
The benchmark yield has fallen 37 basis points in the last five days as the central bank drove down short-term interest rates in an effort to end the recession and bring down bond yields.
The deal reflects British American's goal of displacing Philip Morris as the world's largest cigarette maker.
''Clearly, they have enormous challenges ahead.''
And the case is raising questions about the legal rights of sources who are burned by journalists.
Apart from those already mentioned, Sibylle Ehlert is wonderful in the scary-absurd coloratura arias of Gepopo, the head of Breughelland's secret service, and in her contributions as Venus to the brilliant star music that contrasts with robust human behavior in the scene between Astradamors and Mescalina.
Shorter grasses (Pennisetum alopecuroides Hameln) form another soft wall to look through, if you are sitting on a bench, and a blue-green aquatic grass, Juncus, frames the fountains of Triton and Nereids riding their spouting dolphins.
NOTRE DAME--Named Fred Quartlebaum men's assistant basketball coach.
Indeed, Citigroup is involved in more sectors of the financial services industry than any other United States company.
Generally, advertisers are attracted to spinoff families because they get discounted prices for buying packages of advertising in several related magazines at once.
Williams took the third set, and the match, by turning up her aggression.
The label statement, ''To learn the health effects of wine consumption, send for the Federal Government's Dietary Guidelines,'' directs consumers to nutrition policy formulated by respected scientists and agricultural and public health officials.
* ''TARZAN,'' with the voices of Tony Goldwyn, Minnie Driver, Rosie O'Donnell and Nigel Hawthorne.
This operatic comedy has a distinctly Uruguayan spirit.
Representative Stephen E. Buyer, an Indiana Republican on the same committee and a lieutenant colonel in the Army reserve, said the military should ask recruits about their orientation.
The chain's expansion into other kinds of drinks, including sweetened iced coffees, and Mr. Schultz's Internet ambitions to turn the Starbucks Web site into a dominant ''premier life style portal'' have not yet excited much enthusiasm on Wall Street, where analysts are concerned about a perceived lack of focus.
Devoted mother of Gary (Patricia) and Jeffrey (Debra).
''This wealth is the next-generation seed capital that will be reinvested in start-ups and will help strengthen the whole ecosystem of new media in New York,'' said Brian Horey, partner at Lawrence, Smith & Horey, a venture capital firm, and a founder of the New York New Media Association.
In the 1960's, Allen Ginsberg and a crew of his friends spent summers in a house he owned just outside the village.
Friday and Saturday at 8 P.M. Tickets: $6; $4 for students and the elderly.
''You'll see a lot of people like me, gay people,'' he said.
Michael Berenbaum, the foundation's president, walks us into the first trailer and halts Spielberg in front of a tote board listing the number of Holocaust survivors and witnesses from around the world who have told their life stories on videotape (nearly 50,000 so far).
The 6-7, 335-pound Hulsey was a second-team all-A.C.C.
After six months, researchers found the drugs had similar results in increasing stamina, improving the heart's pumping ability and boosting levels of antioxidants.
Ms. Leung said she did not prosecute the publisher, Sally Aw, on charges of fraudulently inflating circulation figures, because she lacked evidence and because a trial could have damaged Ms. Aw's company.
A rail link to Newark Airport is also planned.
David E. Marrus, President Herbert C. Bernard, Secretary
The police searched parts of the building shortly after the disappearance, but Mr. Rodriguez has been largely uncooperative with the investigation.
''That was the greatest fun, and that's what took so long.''
Last year, 35 teachers from Puerto Rico and 7 from Spain were hired.
Although the juries in each trial this year that convicted Mr. Bennett on some charges did not reach a verdict on specific counts related to the allegations of the pyramid scheme, Judge Martin indicated yesterday that he had no doubt about Mr. Bennett's role.
of America set aside a substantial sum for charity in the name of each of the 12 United States pros in the Sept. 24-26 matches outside Boston against the European team.
And it requires negotiation: Dr. Goodman said his agency had persuaded distributors of medical devices to sell ''spacers,'' plastic tubes used with asthma inhalers, to pharmacies at a cost below the Medicaid reimbursement level, so that patients will not have to pay extra.
Mr. Molinari was responding to a question about an article in The New York Post yesterday that said Thomas Doherty, a longtime friend and aide to the Governor, has been getting in touch with Republican leaders around the state and urging them not to help Mr. Giuliani as he prepares to run for Senate.
Yahoo says Mr. Koogle was brought in to the company very early and is largely responsible for its success.
'' He told of being shunned by acquaintances at a luncheonette near his home.
In 1989, Mr. Hardin, acclaimed in Europe, was invited back to the United States to conduct the Brooklyn Philharmonic Chamber Orchestra.
''I'm from Georgia, and my father used to actually make peach ice cream,'' said Carlisle Spivey, who now lives in Greenwich.
Many of Mayor Giuliani's responses have been in the right direction.
The staff of the Kings County District Attorney's Office mourns with deep sorrow the untimely passing of Jutta Fader, beloved wife of David Fader, Executive Director of Fiscal and Human Resouces.
But if the city believed that the group ''presented a clear and present danger,'' it would be denied a permit, he said.
(Her husband died in 1973, and the house is currently maintained by the Menil Foundation.)
Robert Fowler, Canada's representative on the Security Council, said it was obviously painful for Council members to see themselves portrayed as paralyzed in the face of this crisis.
I thought I was bicoastal, but I wasn't coming home.''
How much cable can you fit into a certain size molding?''
The fact is you can put any seasoning on the bird and other flavorful liquids -- not just beer -- in the can.
From Music to Movies Even though he's trying hard to turn into a film producer, Michael Stipe admits that he'll always be known first and foremost as the lead singer of R.E.M., one of the world's most successful rock bands.
Greenwich House, 27 Barrow Street, Greenwich Village, (212) 541-8441.
''We pretty much insisted they turn them over,'' Captain Eiland said of the weapons.
The result is a break for bears and a standoff among people.
On the issue of gender she also tends to have too many ready-made responses.
She graduated with high honors from Princeton University and received a master's degree in art history from the University of Texas at Austin.
Shiva Will be observed at the home of his daughter.
Excite declined to comment on Friday.
A man rises up, waving a check.
So will many of the others, who already put in hours and hours of work each week, convinced that a dancing career is not beyond their grasp.
But it was a Cold War hot spot, a designated meeting spot, or yavka, for K.G.B.
Instead, the judge urged the two sides to arrange an interim truce.
His testimony was expected to continue today, when prosecutors are also likely to begin their cross-examination.
Like Michael Juman's, Connie's records also include accounts of her parents' discussions with a caseworker.
It is with great sadness that Pediatric Associates of NYC mourns the passing of its Founder, Sidney Q. Cohlan, husband and partner of Shirley Stone, M.D.
A15 Effort to Replace Fossil Fuels President Clinton will announce a long-term effort today to help replace coal, oil, natural gas and uranium with farm products, crop wastes and trees.
The more compact ''Comedy of Errors,'' performed last spring, however, fit with the company's whirlwind style, with the actors dressed as cartoon figures from Tintin.
The poem, which is about deep despondency -- a condition not unknown to my students in the age of Prozac -- prescribes a highly disciplined, subtle form of recollection as a way to spiritual equanimity.
Tomorrow Brazil will face Mexico, a winner over Peru on penalty kicks after a 3-3 tie.
Derek Glenn, a spokesman for the Newark Police.
Toss dried eggplant slices in a clean bowl with remaining oil.
The tributes paid to Ailey and Ms. Jamison late in the program occasionally sound a little pat and repetitive.
''But now we must make sure it is enforced strictly to protect children from commercial sexual abuse.''
The Nebraska Cornhuskers set two scoring records in routing Chicago State, 50-3, during the second game of a doubleheader yesterday in Lincoln, Neb.
Service at the Levine Chapel, 470 Harvard Street, Brookline, on Friday, January 29 at 10 AM.
But after the best weekend of college football this season, both came up with transcendent on-field moments and trotted out deadly accurate little guys with clean uniforms and demonstrated that they intended to be in the hunt for several weeks more.
The Americans, who played well against Brazil on Wednesday night and barely lost by 1-0, are looking increasingly strong.
-- but I am also not deaf or unfeeling.
Mr. Connors said he was also concerned that such businesses would then have had the right to unlimited advertising in any media they chose -- such as on televisions or billboards drawing crowds to residential areas.
's, or spiders, which are based on the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index and are offered by the Amex and managed by the State Street Corporation.
Oklahoma State (12-13, 4-11) shot 58 percent in the first half, hitting 11 of 19 shots from the field.
De Mane is a bit talky and not yet a prose stylist, but she is an experienced, generous home cook who understands how both Italians and Americans like to eat, and she deftly manages to bridge the two cultures.
The pianoless trio format suits him, and he's rarely been recorded in such splendor.
But as the office market improved, the Port Authority selected three finalists, each of whom proposed to build an office tower.
MR. CLINTON: Well, first of all, I think it's a good thing that we're going to have this trilateral meeting, and it's just another step along the way.
''After 28 years, we've done the trick,'' W. Scott MacConnell said last week about the closing of Summerfun Theater in Montclair, a few days after he announced his resignation from the stage on Tuesday night.
4:59:08 24458 Cadogan,Pa, 62M .
And when worried, they jump for the relative safety of the American bond market.
''Right after I was drafted William came down to see me in Atlanta and worked with me at my old high school,'' Thomas said.
It has flown there, usually in the face of many offended people, since 1962.
As residents returned to their shattered neighborhoods, the streets filled with pickup trucks loaded with salvaged goods.
''The city of New York is safer than it's been in a very, very long time.
Beloved mother of Henry Luce, III and Peter Paul Luce; mother-inlaw of Leila Hadley Luce and Elizabeth Bardsley Luce; grandmother of Lila Luce, H. Christopher Luce, Meredith Luce Billingsley, Elisabeth Luce, Christena McNicol and Clare Abbey.
At Johnston High School in Austin, Tex., the principal instructed social studies teachers to discuss the shootings with students.
Recalling how he saw a friend raise his hand with a black object in it, Steven Fox, 19, told a jury in Federal District Court in Brooklyn, ''The next thing I knew, I was on the ground, and I woke up in my mother's arms.''
Representative Elijah E. Cummings, Democrat of Maryland, who said he got up at 5:30 A.M. to take the train to New York in time for the hearing, replied, ''It is Mr. Giuliani who should be apologizing.''
Most of the money goes to hospitals to pay for care for the uninsured and the training of new doctors.
''I wasn't talking to Sergio that much.
When no one disagreed, he continued, ''There's something terribly wrong if we don't get in.''
The film's idea of a witty third wheel is Tori Spelling, giving a toxic performance as Gabriel's noisy, tap-dancing best friend, whose every entrance here is cause for regret.
They range from extremists like Theodore J. Kaczynski, the Unabomber, to popular authors with a less fanatical approach, like the astronomer Clifford Stoll (''Silicon Snake Oil'') or the unyielding naysayer Kirkpatrick Sale (''Rebels Against the Future'').
The system, which began last weekend, works this way: You call, place your order and give them your cell phone number.
If the label reads Recioto della Valpolicella, then it is a semisweet wine, not the Recioto della Valpolicella Amarone for that special dinner.
By almost any estimate, business is better in Missouri than Saxony-Anhalt.
More discussions of moral questions.
In the end, I had to reformat my hard disk, erase everything and basically start over.
Today is the initial public offering of Drugstore.com.
So does the aging of the work force; the oldest baby boomers have more time now that their children are young adults.
Marc Pascucci, a spokesman for Loews Cineplex Entertainment, declined to provide any information about Mr. DePalo.
Peter C. Marzio, the museum's director, called an emergency meeting of its trustees, who approved the purchase in less than an hour and a half.
'' That issue was on the minds of others besides Mr. Mandel.
Representative Edward J. Markey of Massachusetts, the senior Democrat on the House telecommunications subcommittee, said that ''for millions of Americans, for the first time beginning this Christmas, they may have the opportunity of deciding to disconnect their cable and get their local programming from a new place -- a satellite dish.''
For illegal immigrants, a secure job of any kind has become harder to find.
Last year, she said, she got 120 deals from referrals, compared with fewer than 20 before then.
Urging Israeli teachers to face a dark chapter in their country's past, Education Minister Yossi Sarid has recommended that a massacre of Israeli Arabs 43 years ago this month be marked for the first time in the nation's classrooms.
DENVER The deposed Broncos quarterback Bubby Brister returned to the practice field yesterday and pledged his support to the new starter, Brian Griese.
One way of doing that, Weber intimates, was to depict his subjects submitting.
From the Depression through the booming 1980's, crowds of men and women wearing blue coveralls thronged each day to the sprawling factory on the riverfront here.
Of course it took me years and years to realize that it was a demanding craft.
Sister Rafaella DiBouda, 27, giggled as she described how she had arranged her own tiny spools of thread in her workroom.
Mr. Safir fired 74 officers last year, a fact he often cites when civil rights advocates accuse him of being too soft on misbehaving officers.
Borough presidents have also protested the sale of the gardens.
''The fact is that most people's wealth that has been built up over 10, 20 or 50 years is wealth that has already been taxed.''
Under Barrow, sour and tightfisted, the Yankees dominated the next quarter-century, winning 14 pennants and 10 World Series championships.
The only sure thing about these meetings, presided over by Richard A. Posner, a Federal appeals court judge, is that they are hardly social gatherings; there is no love lost, and a common ground for compromise will not be easy to find.
The suggestion received no immediate support around the region.
But Sam Stratton said he was still a candidate, and many reform Democrats supported him.
''If they're blocked in New York, they'll get built elsewhere, and we will miss out on the economic benefits.''
Douglas made it very difficult for Duke to get the ball inside to the 6-6 VanGorp, who took only 10 shots.
The oil on the road, he said, came from a firetruck kept near the barracks, which the Government knew were a potential target, and which he said had been empty for two months.
But such tensions seem to have passed, said Mike Bayer, who has been a Compuserve member since 1981 and a volunteer system operator for Compuserve since 1984 and is now an on-line forum leader.
''Look at this pavement, the asphalt is almost gone.
''My first reaction was 'oh, gross.'
Is Sued Over Pollution New York Attorney General Eliot L. Spitzer linked economic damages to the company's dumping of PCB's into the Hudson River.
A1 Iraq Rejects Panel Findings Iraq angrily rejected the recommendations of three special United Nations panels that had tried to find a solution to the impasse over Iraq on the Security Council.
There's been a call for the new albums, both inexpensive and not so inexpensive, that house the quarters, and the quarters are bringing in new collectors.
But there is not the same clarity in what is in the I.R.A.
That statement reflects Turkey's dilemma.
But he did a few more commercials recently and then, hearing about more opportunities for young people, decided this spring, as a 16-year-old, to try for a part in a pilot for a new television show.
For a company that started in January and began its first ad campaign just last week, Toysmart has been a surprisingly hot property.
The whole thing is purely selfish.
Cal Ripken will undergo back surgery today and miss the rest of the season, leaving him nine hits shy of 3,000 for his career.
The Rangers' lone goal came from Theo Fleury.
Someone took a shine to it and put it in an attic.''
Pollo Joe Torre, the dish that drew us here, was built on tough, dry knobs of chicken mingled with commonplace sausage, some slices of potato and a welcome zip of hot cherry peppers.
Alpha Centauri, developed by Firaxis, published by Electronic Arts; CD-ROM for Windows 95 and 98; $49.95.
And the current incident exposes tensions between his office and Mr. Brown's that date to the keen competition between the two men for the leadership of the party after the death in 1994 of its former head, John Smith.
Once Houston gives the ball to Sprewell, there is no assurance that he will get it back.
Alternatively, the disputants might do better by bidding points that reflect the subjective value -- perhaps sentimental -- that they attach to the disputed items.
He spent most of the day with his daughter, Chelsea, who came up from Stanford University.
Shenae Dawkins, a New Rochelle freshman, and Jatoya Moore, a Uniondale junior, were double winners in the girls' competition.
Hero to hold the hands of inexperienced givers and allay their anxiety.
The Cayugas are trying to regain title to 64,027 acres of land in Cayuga and Seneca Counties.
The company, which is leasing 3,516 square feet at Great River, already has locations throughout the United States and expects to double its 75 employees by the end of the year, Mr. Bell said.
''The Olympics are a great symbol of peace on the world stage and good business for the hosting country.''
A giant, nine-panel television screen, affixed to the north wall, will spread the military's message to passers-by.
I wouldn't like to be a young teacher going into the schools.
Anouilh lets the wind of allegory and fancy blow his characters where it will, and to work, the show has to register as a sustained magician's illusion, a trick of the light.
Vesselina Kasarova gave her first recital in the United States on Sunday afternoon at Alice Tully Hall, but she is not unknown here.
I sat there all year just scratching my head.
When I was at Savannah State, I'd get in the mirror 20 minutes at night before I'd go to bed and talk to myself.
But there was respect for labor.
A fifth has yet to be tried for a separate incident.
''I was literally chained to my desk, plugging in all these numbers,'' she said.
The results will be ready in January, Dr. Sherman said.
Shares of the Jingwei Textile Machinery Company rose more than 50 percent, though they have since relinquished much of their gain.
The day before that trip, he was to meet in Moscow with Secretary of State Madeleine K. Albright.
Holders of Fidelity's 280 mutual funds will be largely unaffected unless they also have Fidelity brokerage accounts.
But all is not forever lost.
Here is an innovative way to suppress the news: remove the newspaper.
Colonel Clifford, among others, warned that even those numbers underreported the actual number of deaths.
Interment will be at Mount Hebron Cemetery.
''It is a great loss not just for the Jewish community, but for all of Germany,'' said Wolfgang Gerhardt, head of the Free Democratic Party.
But Brielle Epstein, director of environmental research at the Point Community Development Corporation, said she felt the agreement simply shifted waste processing and trucks from Hunts Point to Port Morris.
Afterward, the Mayor enthusiastically hailed his weeklong stint as a juror in a case that featured testimony ranging from the tedious to the tawdry, saying it had renewed his faith in the jury system.
Maybe Donnie Baseball was talking about the owner, or maybe it was an allegory for the conscience of a baseball player.
The stock, which was trading at less than $13 a share in August, reached a 52-week high of $50 in mid-April.
I wrestled with my conscience that night.
The Lees lived briefly in Pittsburgh, then on New York's Upper West Side, before settling in the affluent suburbs of Westchester County.
The Police Department would still have primary responsibility for detecting and preventing corruption and misconduct, but the panel would be a credible external monitoring force.
Nor was his continuing urge to experiment.
The trade for McIlvaine has led to speculation that Rony Seikaly will be the next Net to be dealt since the club now has three centers good enough to demand playing time.
If China appears ready to make the deal, Mr. Clinton will likely send a delegation of top officials to Beijing to negotiate the final details.
As so often in Danish painting, a certain mystery envelops the scene.
Much as it wants to incorporate Kashmir, it faces growing local resistance and its own ensuing repression and brutalization.
An occasional stretch to 10 wasn't too stressful, but now we're asking our little brains to do the 10-digit marathon all the time, and they can't.
It wasn't as bad as it sounds.
''When they were sick with vomiting and diarrhea for a week, we took turns staying home.''
About the same time, high chests and wing chairs were moved from bedrooms to parlors, since bed linens by then were stored elsewhere and potties were gone from such chairs.
''But the business was steadily rising.''
Toward the end of the evening, there is a moment when the stage goes dark but there is more to come.
In May, voters rejected a $108.6 million budget, which would have raised the tax rate by 8.7 percent.
Tom Glavine, who had been scheduled to pitch Game 1 for the Braves, was scratched after he came down with a stomach virus.
It was common for slaves not to know their birth date or even the names of both parents.
''They weren't trying to impress us, they were trying to make deals with us,'' Mr. Gately added.
In a tribute to the nationalist hero Pedro Albizu Campos (1891-1965), Mr. Sanchez alternates photographs of the man, elderly, just out of prison and slumped in a wheelchair, with a popular print of Jesus crowned with thorns.
The 19th-century port district has restaurants, shops and bars.
Crew said he was bewildered and perplexed by the Mayor's blanket condemnation of the school system, and that it raised questions about whether their partnership would endure.
Florida should be good although its quarterback, Doug Johnson, is returning from a broken leg and the ground game is suspect.
But so far Ms. Rich has fared better.
Her ability to do that has truly gained her some real confidence.''
Although the district enrollment of 29,000 grew by only 200 or so students this year, it has long been crowded with an influx of immigrants, mainly from the Dominican Republic, as well as students from Puerto Rico.
When the ball hits the ground you don't know what it's going to do.
The Raytheon Company, the aerospace and military-contracting concern, said yesterday that it was planning a further reorganization that would result in at least $350 million in charges and push third-quarter and full-year earnings below estimates.
13 14 17 THE CENTURY, by Peter Jennings and Todd Brewster.
Her grandparents built the log cabin that Miss Buck lives in.
Others memorialize national tragedies, like the beginning of World War II 60 years ago.
I fain would have had them live with us, but they were loth.'
But was the driver her killer?
Though the terrible facts of Mr. Stewart's death could be reported worldwide in a matter of minutes, the appetite of TV news for filler requires more than just reporting what happened.
Judging from this retrospective -- one that explores everything from gospel music (''We Love You Like a Rock'') to the Gullah people living on the Sea Islands off the South Carolina-Georgia coast at the turn of the century (''Daughters of the Dust'') to racism in present-day Brooklyn (''Do the Right Thing'') -- the festival has attempted to document the full range of black experiences and culture in this country and abroad.
Next Sunday afternoon at 3, one can try the all-Mozart program at MacDermid Hall of Teikyo Post University.
But that could still leave management in the hands of the same men who have managed the company into its current perilous state.
Immigration and intelligence officials have asserted that such secrecy is necessary to protect intelligence-gathering methods and the lives of informers.
I read Champollion's journal in a 19th-century edition at the American University in Cairo.
Brady could not keep still for the long exposure.
crowed one man who pulled into a scenic overlook on Route 6 on the Hudson's eastern shore, only to see plumes of acrid smoke rising from green hills on the other side of the river.
Neighbors, then, were hardly surprised last weekend when fire companies arrived only three minutes after a two-alarm fire was reported in an apartment on the top floor of the five-story Citarella building.
The group has neither a physical home base nor a prevailing style, though certain themes, cultural, spiritual and personal, thread through the work of the eight artist members included in this strong show, in which the visionary, in all its meanings, rules (Cotter).
Sikorsky, a division of United Technologies Corporation of Hartford, makes the Black Hawk and other military helicopters that were flown during the war.
''This woman is just an exceptional human being with a broad breadth of knowledge on national and international politics,'' Representative Charles B. Rangel, Democrat of New York and one of Mrs. Clinton's most enthusiastic promoters, said yesterday.
They have to feel the trust from me, and I have to feel trust from them also.''
There would also be an estimated 22 percent discount on all drugs.
Kanotiye, which is Russian for the straw hat, or boater, that the performers wear in their revues, is the only local Russian immigrant comedy troupe with a regular paying gig.
Uptown is also the place to go for polite paintings that are better than we expect them to be.
Parcells is still planning to acquire a defensive lineman, probably from another team's practice squad.
To the Editor: I agree with Mario Cuomo (Op-Ed, July 5) that George W. Bush is trying to pre-empt a Democratic concern for the common good.
''I think there's an influx of extraordinary people working in the scene right now,'' said the playwright Mac Wellman, a stalwart of downtown theater.
His life will be celebrated in a memorial service at Levitt-Weinstein Memorial Chapel, 1921 Pembroke Rd., Hollywood FL.
''You can't see the wiring with the naked eye,'' she said.
''The George and Martha books teach us nothing and everything,'' Sendak wrote.
The 20-ton statues had been placed at the Manhattan Bridge to flank the Brooklyn entrance in 1916, but in 1963 they were placed in storage.
Branch Rickey once remarked that luck was the residue of design.
All sound effects will be recreated onstage.
Troy Percival, who gave up Troy O'Leary's game-winning hit Friday, entered and Offerman lined a ground-rule double down the right-field line.
Mr. Walesa suggested that binoculars be placed alongside the computers, the better to contemplate the paintings on the ceiling.
Gutman, meanwhile, said the Jets were never against a grass field at the stadium, even though Jets Coach Bill Parcells on three occasions in the past year has declined to give his endorsement of a year-round grass field and questioned the durability of such a field at Giants Stadium.
''Willem de Kooning in East Hampton,'' Guggenheim Museum, New York City, 1977.
This child has really blossomed and grown under their guidance.''
Theater ''THE BROADWAY KIDS SING BROADWAY.''
To the operagoer's customary tools of eyes and ears add a pair of reading glasses.
It takes me too far from real design.''
Brendl, meanwhile, said he thought his conditioning could have been a little better coming into camp, but he also added that he needed some rest after the longest season of his career.
That was Molly's mother, running to join the commotion.
State officials had a calmer tone as they announced their findings at a news conference at Town Hall.
It sat next to a heap of earth, ready for burial, among the brass plaques marking graves adorned with rubber duckies, pacifiers and toy Santas.
After all, there has been no report of a death, and no body (has someone made a pun?)
Do you really believe I want to close the fishing industry down?
''In fact, by controlling their inventory more tightly and moving it faster, they generated more cash.''
Today, while those fighting instincts must still be uppermost, learning the art of war has come to include making and keeping peace.
Ms. Chen chose to appeal to the international market with an uncensored version of her film even though that prevents her from releasing it in China.
While the Pacers (29-16) are assured of making the playoffs, they did not take this game lightly.
Not only have they managed to do so; they have also secured the funds to present the event free of charge, as a gift to the Met public.
The broadcast was picked up by C-SPAN, the American cable channel, and rebroadcast that night with an English translation.
Still, he insists that people should take his contentions metaphorically rather than quibble with all his facts.
A copy was provided to The New York Times by someone disturbed by the contents.
Mr. Bradshaw uses a ketchup bottle and table utensils to diagram a play when a stream of ketchup goes awry and lands on Ally McBeal, a prime-time Fox star.
Alexander Miasnikov, a representative here of the Gartner Group, technology consultants from Connecticut, said in an e-mail posting that most major Russian companies would solve year 2000 problems in their central operations, but that ''in remote branches there can be some problems.''
Yesterday, Mr. Giuliani said the city was winning.
''I haven't thought of that really,'' Paterno said.
Parcells said he has had his eye on the 300-pounder for some time.
For one thing, the state has provided an additional 10 percent of aid for those projects approved after July 1, 1998.
Memos attached to the complaint and attributed to China Distribution include one that ordered the defendants' China employees to ''stay with him at all times -- we do not want him to go off on his own even if it is for sightseeing.''
Young & Rubicam Advertising in New York, part of Young & Rubicam Inc., has named Graham Phillips chairman and chief executive, succeeding Thomas D. Bell Jr., who last week was appointed president and chief operating officer of Y.& R. Mr. Phillips, 60, has been chairman at the Burson-Marsteller unit of Y.& R. and chairman and chief executive of the Diversified Communications Group unit of Y.& R., which includes Burson-Marsteller and other agencies like Landor Associates, Sudler & Hennessey and Cohn & Wolfe.
Mr. Levin was careful to promise analysts yesterday that the company's capital spending would increase only in line with inflation, so that key ratios would continue to improve.
Second-seeded Arantxa Sanchez Vicario of Spain was also upset, losing by 7-5, 6-2 to Nathalie Dechy of France.
People said Vermeil had begun talking to himself in public.
Scientists hired by lawyers for the owner of the plant examined 13 soil, sludge and debris samples from the wrecked factory, but found no trace of chemical weapon compounds.
Employers are fighting against the benefits, arguing that they would add to labor costs.
Mr. Klestil stated explicitly that nothing has changed between 1919 and 1999, wrapping himself in Hofmannsthal's key ambiguity: cultural nationalism disguised as cultural cosmopolitanism.
It is a cyclical thing.
Each pocket can handle a cellular phone, a beeper and an electronic scheduler -- all at once.
But the Serbs have largely disregarded their commitments.
As a result, users who can receive more sophisticated E-mail messages -- which essentially look like a Web page -- are sent messages that include rich graphics and photos of merchandise.
A tribute will be offered at 11AM on Sunday, December 12 at Andrett's Funeral Home, 353 2nd Ave NYC.
On Saturday, May 29, of Fairfax, VA, at age 96.
The problems not only cause lasting harm to publicly owned natural resources, the report emphasized, but also cost the taxpayers money because many timber sales are canceled for environmental reasons, and the Government must then pay penalties to the timber companies for breach of contract.
And we are not talking about taking prices down by 20 percent, but by 90 percent.
The pro-Government newspaper El Moudjahid said the shuffling was ''the first in a series.''
The last thing I would want to do is to play one more year for the Yankees and then have to look for a job and try to finish my career and reach my personal goals.''
But with the Dow breaking the 10,000 mark, he is becoming captivated.
The average interest rate on a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage this week was 7.70 percent, up from 7.52 percent last week.
In a sense those who missed, missed out.
The Financial Reconstruction Commission required executives from 15 banks that have applied for the bailout to explain how much debt they were writing off as bad loans, as well as what kind of changes they planned to improve profitability.
The April fire took several fire trucks to extinguish, he said, and destroyed all his documents, including his Social Security records and the dogs' pedigree certificates.
He was vitally interested in it.
Top Clinton Administration officials said today that they had pressed the World Bank to make sure that more than a billion dollars in aid to Indonesia was held up for several weeks so that the country's Government could not use it to buy votes in the first free election there in more than 40 years.
Some readers may not be old enough to remember when teams had pitching.
But the five witnesses in this case may be charged as accomplices if investigators determine they aided or encouraged the assailants, said Robert A. Honecker Jr., an assistant Monmouth County prosecutor.
But the singer and pianist BOBBY SHORT and the cabaret diva EARTHA KITT made it seem like a day at the beach as they previewed their $1,000-to-$2,500-a-person New Year's Eve extravaganza at the Carlyle Hotel.
But that knowledge seems only to have intensified the Nazi effort to carry out the ''final solution'' as quickly and efficiently as possible, right up until the Allies liberated the death camps.
From studios in this tiny emirate in the Persian Gulf, Al Jazeera offers round-the-clock programming based on a principle revolutionary by the traditional standards of Middle East broadcasting, that all coverage should be free of censorship or bias.
(A young boy in a turban says to his fakir father, ''Dad, can I have the carpet tonight?'')
From today through Tuesday, CNN will broadcast 100 hours of millennium coverage from Auckland, New Zealand, to Washington.
AMERICANS like to indulge themselves,'' Joel Glenn Brenner said.
All around Mr. Patton, heads nodded.
''I know we weren't supposed to talk about it, but I brought it up once myself.
Everyone talks about the legendary big voices, like the proudly untrained Ethel Merman, and John Raitt, who could have been a fine Verdi baritone.
But I have really enjoyed this tour.
''What I liked about Senator Cooper was his willingness to go against the flow,'' Mr. McConnell said.
5:26:43 28203 Hearle, E, 26F .
That is what the American wine industry promised us after thousands of acres of vines were replanted in the late 1980's and early 90's, after having been devastated by phylloxera, a microscopic bug that eats vine roots.
''Could Kent have made some plays that he didn't make?''
A fascinating mosaic of contemporary religious thought emerges.
And friends say Mr. Nadler and other Democrats on the Judiciary Committee are partly responsible for that evolution.
Chalfonte Hotel, 301 Howard Street, Cape May.
10 6 THE MAN WHO LISTENS TO HORSES, by Monty Roberts.
To commemorate the occasion, he signed a guest book with the inscription, ''For Elian's Liberty, Motherland or Death.''
Mark Patterson, a spokesman for the city's Department of Transportation, declined to comment on the matter.
At Mr. Bouley's insistence, he replaced the faces in two portraits.
YOGI: All is not well that endeth Wells.
''The site is abrogating its responsibility'' in expecting consumers to question the charities, said Mr. Blaul of the Red Cross.
The nation's top two teams staged a thrilling finish to the Final Four, yet the television ratings for the championship game still fell to the lowest in history for CBS.
It also ponders the scheme that destroyed a Government office building like the one in Oklahoma City and considers how convenient it is to have a disgruntled Timothy McVeigh-like individual to blame for such an elaborate crime.
The Russians have consistently rejected this linkage, but they made it more likely by putting off a normal extension last week after their delegation failed to change the terms in Iraq's favor.
The new methods of agency payments may include anything from straight hourly fees for labor to performance incentive fees to fixed retainers, or a variety of combinations.
Drain pipe leaks only drip when water is flowing out of the sink.
He worked his way through City College of New York (graduated 1961) & Brooklyn Law (graduated 1963), waiting tables summers in the Catskills.
Much of his job, he said, boils down to numerical calculations, but not the kind that require a supercomputer or other arcane technology.
Now, as the city braces for a possible transit strike this week, many van operators are relishing the prospect of turning what could potentially be a holiday season disaster for commuters into boom time for themselves.
While at the Church of the Ascension he commissioned and performed several new works.
Funeral services were held on June 28.
Retailers in the area include Chanel, Hermes, Tiffany and Louis Vuitton.
A State Department spokesman and Mr. Slocombe also reiterated the United States' traditional refusal to disclose where, and what kind of nuclear arms the administration stores or deploys overseas in keeping with long-standing American policy.
When AT&T and TCI announced the acquisition in June, AT&T said that as part of the deal it would issue a new stock to track the combined company's consumer services, including cable television and long-distance.
Even the United States Army, convinced by recent sleep research, has begun telling officers to permit, and take, naps when possible.
Mr. DiEleuterio would lead the agency as it faces difficult challenges.
Funeral Tuesday, 1:30PM at Hirsch and Co, 1225 Jerome Avenue, Bronx.
Jennifer Post covered the walls of her study in Lizard, a textured vinyl wallcovering by Kirk Brummel.
Dr. William H. Dietz, director of the nutrition and physical activity division at the Federal Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta, said, ''People who are overfat and have a negative family history for all the obesity-associated'' diseases ''will live to over 85 and not have any'' of these diseases.
America Online said it would begin a new version of the When.com service this summer.
While she was teaching at Public School 119, Sadie Delany found she could not support herself on the salary, so she started baking cakes and selling them for a nickel a slice to other teachers.
And the Rangers' spending spree shows no signs of slowing down.
''I'm worried how this is going to look,'' Representative Marge Roukema was saying to a reporter the other day, standing in front of her big desk with its panoramic view of a sun-draped Capitol dome.
The DV Special Edition has an even bigger hard disk (13 GB) and more memory (128 MB).
I know the Mayor doesn't know about it.
Oddly enough, our first step, from stateside, was to contact the Alliance Francaise, which offers language courses in most major cities.
The two cases that were decided yesterday, the first of this arbitration season, rewarded the owners for their persistence.
The procedure is known to doctors as abortion by dilation and extraction, and to abortion opponents as partial-birth abortion.
''I've never had a customer mention Linux to me,'' he said.
DISNEY brought in famed architecture firms from around the country to design the signature buildings: Michael Graves created the Post Office, Philip Johnson the Town Hall and Robert A.M. Stern Architects designed Celebration Health, a full-service medical center.
It is one of six panels painted between 1435-1465 for a church in the Strasbourg area.
They say Government spends too much and that we are taxed too much.''
The airport with the largest, most visible retail presence, it is a place where architects and retail managers come to learn the new rules of airport design.
''Now, if you're not at 110 or 120, you can't pay the health insurance,'' said Clark Wolf, a New York restaurant consultant.
And he realized that he would still have to play the best tournament of his career to win.
''Obviously these are very serious allegations, and we're going to look very carefully at them,'' Mr. Currin said.
Niagara Mohawk, a power company with older plants nearby, projects that it would have to reduce the amount of power generated at its plants because of the cheaper power coming from the new competitor.
He wants poetry to represent consciousness, to mirror the motions of the mind; and in this task, poetic form is not required, nor is extended, consecutive argument.
Either the glass withstands the pressure applied to it, or it develops cracks that lead almost instantly to breakage.
But in Super Bowl X, Swann caught four passes from Terry Bradshaw for 164 yards, a 41-yard average that included a 64-yard touchdown and a 53-yard aerial act, as the Steelers held on to defeat the Cowboys, 21-17.
Right now, it's a totally individual sort of decision.''
Over the years, she had been poorly rebuilt.
Sergeant Petersen fired two rounds from his .45-caliber semiautomatic weapon.
Adored by aunts and uncles, Robin and Bob Ballin, Lon and Jan LeVine, Lore and Mel Mallin, Alice Schild, Sonya Goldman and Dale Vanderheyden.
Without the Jets converting on third down, Martin has been unable to run for a sustained series repeatedly.
''This is a President who has never had any compunction about going around with a tin cup,'' said Charles Lewis, the founder and executive director of the Center for Public Integrity.
counted double-digit growth in the number of procedures for every thousand members in eight categories, including some of the most expensive: brain and nervous system procedures, heart and artery surgery, orthopedics like hip and knee replacements and organ transplants.
Thomas M. Connelly, a Phoenix lawyer representing Mr. Laspina, said his client did not bribe anyone or obstruct justice.
There's an on-line magazine with a story called ''When His Meets Hers,'' a smart idea since Web sales are are almost evenly split between men and women.
It's the Internet; it's everybody on television, and it's that newspapers that used to eschew point-of-view writing but now incorporate it more and more into what is ostensibly news coverage.
The lines pop up everywhere, between people or buildings, even over a loaf of bread, as if they were laid down by a wayward road painter.
THE BEDROOM WITH THE BLANK STARE ASYMMETRICAL windows, little light and no view.
''Between my experiences as a businessman in the East and in the West.
For information, call the Chamber of Commerce, (860) 572-5098.
Open the System folder on your hard drive and find the folder called Startup Items.
Finally, France has national health insurance, which means French people don't have to worry about losing health insurance.
The main drag on the Dow was Procter & Gamble, which fell 2, to 90 7/8, as it lost a top executive in its Asian operations to Kellogg.
The screaming grew louder, even more whistles shrieked, and dozens of photographers pressed in almost on top of the foursome.
It called on the I.N.S.
If he is producing plays with mass appeal, Mr. Bishop said, it is because he genuinely likes them.
One way or another, your garbage will be recycled by Suburban Carting, which prosecutors have linked to organized crime, and which in 1997 pleaded guilty to conspiracy.
The Minneapolis-based company's shares closed down $2.25, to $61.875 on the Big Board.
Over 50 percent of Americans have investments in the stock market, which has quadrupled in value in the last decade.
And that is why although the Dow Jones industrial average, which includes I.B.M., dropped 1.6 percent, the rest of the major stock indexes were down far less.
The Camden County prosecutor, Lee A. Solomon, said the cuts violated state and Civil Service employment rules, and predicted they would be overturned in the courts.
Mr. Cisneros, a former mayor of San Antonio, added that future aspirants to public office should learn that ''truth and candor are important.''
The company argued that there was no biological reason why orlistat would cause breast cancer, but the F.D.A.
The University of Rhode Island announced tonight that it would not seek a waiver that would allow Odom, considered a top-five prospect in the draft, to return to college basketball.
He just might have earned the part.
Though Chaney went to a performing arts high school in Manhattan where the majority of students were either black or Latino, she felt pressured by them to choose a group to belong to, just as her sister had at Colgate.
In its way, ''Hair'' had done so by offering a laid-back lifestyle opposed to the aggressive military-corporate one.
Mounting the Netpulse, I quickly found that the scientists had a point: It wasn't easy to perform all the tasks at hand.
Here, looking a bit like a low-calorie, mid-period Elizabeth Taylor in Michael Krass's standard-issue royal robes, Ms. Channing delivers Eleanor's fusillade of barbs with a crackle of vengeance triumphant, while suggesting a genuine sigh of regret underneath.
Quit the wrestling team for a maintenance job at the Raccoon Creek Country Club in Littleton so he could earn money for a fishing boat.
14 11 4 *THE LOOKING GLASS, by Richard Paul Evans.
Last week, the negotiations became so heated that they dissolved into shouting matches on several occasions, according to one person briefed on the negotiations.
The bodies were found after an anonymous telephone call.
''There's a lot of widespread public unease about the levels of pay in the U.K.,'' said Tony Groom, a principal in Mercer's executive compensation practice.
''Not that I remember,'' Ms. Lewinsky replied.
I tried to explain that the men who do sincerely empathize with menstrual cramps, the guys who would not dream of kissing until asked, the fellows who liked ''Shakespeare in Love'' as much as their dates did are also the guys a woman can talk to about the crush she has on the stoic hunk of granite in accounting.
Stangassinger kept his lead in the World Cup slalom standing.
Place pan over medium heat, and stir until spices are fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes.
Sonya Hamlin, a jury and trial consultant who has written books on juries and communications, speculated that the competing lawyers, for different reasons, saw advantages in having Mr. Giuliani on the panel -- the tenant's lawyer perhaps believing Mr. Giuliani's desire to run for the Senate would prompt him to do the popular thing; the landlord's lawyer counting on a Mayor who has denounced ''nuisance'' lawsuits against the city to be sympathetic in this case.
''I went in right up front and said, 'This can't be about some guy in bandages,' '' said Mr. Sommers, who wrote and directed ''Rudyard Kipling's 'Jungle Book' '' and ''The Adventures of Huck Finn.''
His approach is being used in some of New York City's newest charter schools.
To the Editor: I was prompted to write by the Practical Traveler column on family reunions (''Uniting the Clan: a 9-Step Recipe,'' Aug. 15).
Olgivanna Wright, a Yugoslav-born dancer who became Wright's third wife, met Gurdjieff in 1922 in Fontainebleau, France.
''Instead of a czar getting a structure set up under the old system, we ought to get this one in his hands,'' Senator Pete Domenici, a New Mexico Republican, said of choosing between Mr. Richardson's new security chief and the new agency.
The College Savings Bank, based in Princeton, N.J., charged that Florida had both infringed its patent on its financing methods and had also engaged in false advertising of the state program, in violation of a Federal law, the Lanham Act.
He's done a great job.
While Graf had predicted that in this new era of power tennis it would be Venus who would succeed her as a force for the next millennium, lately it has been the youngest Williams sister, the effervescent Serena, shouldering her way to the head of the teen pack.
Coming of age in America for most of us has to do with falling under the spell of the culture's seductive promises about love: to grow up in the 50's, as I did, was to be bombarded with images of every kind of romantic-love idea.
It pointed to a survey it conducted in 1996 in which a preponderance of members of the armed services polled said they did not want to serve with homosexuals.
Coaches also said they would show more concern for the players as students, and both sides promised to improve their conduct in practice.
Juan Santos, one of several National Guardsmen brought in to serve as translators, said the evacuees were eager to return home.
''What else are we going to spend our money on?''
Driving the ball accurately will still be important, because it will be difficult to land approach shots from the rough onto the green with consistency.
Many people criticized him for naked ambition.
This time the change passed unopposed -- even the Rockefeller family was silent.
His love and knowledge of sports led to a career and lifestyle that brought him much happiness and fulfillment.
said an incredulous Mr. Bracey, who has not yet decided whether to comply with the letter's orders.
''What better way to do that than the ultimate advertising event?''
Here is a country that is in a depression and its market is selling at 75 times earnings and 2 times book value.
''We no longer need these giant facilities to make steel,'' said Robert Crandall, a steel expert at the Brookings Institution.
Polian said through a Colts spokesman that the Colts wanted Faulk to honor the last two years of his contract and that Faulk had told him at the end of last season that he would not participate in off-season camps without a new contract.
On it were a few bars of notes and the scribbled title ''Eddie's Pride.''
The Bills lost for the second week in a row following a four-game winning streak.
''We're starting to get used to everything.
Under Paulo Evaristo Cardinal Arns in the 1970's and 80's, the Catholic Church here in Brazil's largest city was a stronghold of liberation theology, a blend of Catholic and Marxist doctrine that Pope John Paul II has sought to discourage.
The Funeral Mass at St. Edward's Catholic Church, Palm Beach, and the entombment at Our Lady Queen of Peace Catholic Cemetery, Royal Palm Beach, will be held privately.
Mr. Martini, 69, who is in poor health, has been trying for four years to end his appeals, calling prison life intolerable.
The East End Hospice Board of Directors, staff and volunteers mourn the untimely death of Howard Shapiro, a valued friend and loyal supporter.
Andy Ashby allowed four runs and seven hits in five and one-third innings.
Plus, I get to see my son all the time.''
Together these laws have nourished democracy by restricting government powers to withhold important information.
''I thought she'd look better,'' he said.
He is Turkey's most wanted fugitive.
A fairy tale for the 90's, this may be the first ''Cinderella'' in which the subway is suggested as transportation and in which Ricky Martin's ''La Vida Loca'' is played after the heroine (Angela Antista) does her midnight disappearing act.
The North Koreans contend that it involved a satellite launching, a contention supported by American intelligence but countered by Japan.
Toward the end of the day, a female recruit asked Mr. Allard if the class would return to the simulator another day.
The specialists Ms. Estess consulted, after a diagnosis of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, the fatal illness commonly known as Lou Gehrig's disease, also often failed her.
The streets of Belgrade are filled with gleaming late-model cars that have no license plates.
It's a whole level of complexity that you don't have in the soft-drink business.''
Highlights of this year's program include performances by the Juilliard String Quartet, the Hamburg Ballet, St. Paul Chamber Orchestra and the Jinling Chinese Music Ensemble.
Describing Mr. Robards's acting, Kevin Spacey says, ''A lifetime of craft goes into that single look.''
She said she had met her neighbors but had not yet mentioned that she was a police officer.
A 180-foot tower fell onto a nearby bumper car ride, briefly trapping four children.
If Sprewell and Camby were the unexpected stars of the Knicks' championship run, Ewing is the central figure of whatever will come next.
I want people to get their day in court.
In Moscow today, Russian officials denounced reports that they might have misused the international aid.
Peasants resisted this, and they also ignored annual work plans and production targets.
PHILLIPS LIBRARY, 132 Essex Street, (978) 745-9500, extension 3053; the library is part of the museum, although it is on Essex Street, half a block east.
Realistically, it still seems likely that the major powers will let internal politics and domestic constraints make their interventions selective.
She says that she has always been a shy performer and tends to concentrate on singing more than moving any part of her body.
(A German soldier saved Mrs. Charaton, her husband said, by giving her a birth certificate and taking her in as his daughter before the rest of her family was taken to Janowska, the local concentration camp, and murdered.
''We proved that we can do it, man, this year isn't a fluke for the Blazers,'' said Grant, who embraced Malone after the game and tried to make peace.
''There was a game at Virginia when we were taking layups and this guy asked me if I was hungry,'' El-Amin recalled.
The second report gives details of changes in the state police to end the practice and improve state police procedures.
Storm Field, the WWOR meteorologist, will be the master of ceremonies.
The conviction of Mr. Bell follows the conviction in December of James Allen Gordon, the first person in Queens to face the death penalty since the reinstatement of capital punishment.
''Those memories make me feel less alone.
Mr. Sharansky's party burst onto the political scene in 1996, when it captured seven seats in Parliament.
''You want something technologically savvy that you can just plug into and is pleasing to the eye.''
He spoke both Tibetan and Mandarin.
The giant state-owned oil company Petroleos de Venezuela S.A. typically holds important meetings in its sleek, towering headquarters here.
The free safety has been called the quarterback of the defense, which is a hefty role for a second-year player.
Although a recent University of Connecticut poll showed a decline in public support for the project, interest in the Patriots remains sufficiently high that three Hartford television stations interrupted broadcasts of soap operas today to carry the Governor's news conference live.
He further claims that Greenson, at Kennedy's prompting, gave Monroe an injection that, mixed with the sleeping pills that she was taking, killed her.
With her unpredictable bands, she can be subdued or bitterly bluesy.
''They want to know if they might be eligible for a drug study so that they could get relief.''
In 1994, amid some opposition, she opened the state's first (and only) AIDS hospice, Peabody House, in the Western Promenade section here.
She was a board member of the Friends of La Guardia and provided money so hundreds of needy art students could buy supplies and obtain scholarships for summer courses at the Art Students League of New York.
But -- no fear -- he is not.
A 77 percent failure rate in mathematics, combined with a 65 percent failure rate in English, both announced by state officials yesterday, cast doubt on whether many students in years to come will be able to earn a high school diploma under equally rigorous statewide Regents tests required for graduation, educators said.
Only one story in this volume -- a sad, little elliptical tale titled ''Church Not Made With Hands,'' which depicts a man trying to cope with his daughter's injury in a freak swimming pool accident -- evinces the lure and dazzle of his earlier work and hints at the capabilities of this immensely talented writer.
Congress must approve the budget before the new year.
''That's why I use the term 'hyperpower,' which American media think is aggressive.
''Before I had kids, golf was my life.
In 1991, Mr. von Liebig received the national Alumni Achievement Award from Juniata College in Huntingdon, Pennsylvania.
But, she warned investors against extrapolating from Goldman's results because Goldman has been gaining market share in its most profitable business ''both domestically and, more importantly, in overseas markets, which are growing.''
Dr. Albright is scheduled to meet Mr. Barak on Wednesday at his house for breakfast, to meet Mr. Arafat in Ramallah later and then, perhaps, to return to Mr. Barak for a second meeting.
Although the convention and fan fest, bluegrass's biggest, officially consisted of panels, workshops and performances, the real action took place in the hotel rooms.
Led by Figgs, Purdue then went out and played its most poised basketball of the Final Four.
Policemen wearing bulletproof vests cordoned off a main thoroughfare in northern Beijing near the Tibetan Yonghegong lamasery.
''In the Blood'' deals with a world no less exotic in its way than that of ''Marie Christine,'' but never for a minute does it seem to be unreal or removed.
Legally, he can keep the bonus money, and when asked whether he will return any of it, he laughed and responded, ''No.''
Sicily plans to teach educators from around the world how to fight the Mafia, a move that would have brought laughs --if not bullets -- a decade ago.
But Representative Mica, he said, believed ''that an open and honest debate only serves the cause of truth.''
Everything is an experiment, from the electoral laws to the competitive campaign to the formation of coalitions to the voting process itself, and the watchword among optimists is that Indonesia may manage to ''muddle through.''
The winners were Ravindra Murthy, Steve Weinstein and Michael and Debbie Rosenberg who scored 91 victory points out of a possible 120.
Deli meat in Washington, by the way, is for the most part the pits.
Bruce Springsteen, it seems, wasn't the only Bruce in the area reuniting with his former band mates.
David Hare, the British playwright?
The performer sheathes the object in a clear balloon to protect her throat in case the glass tubes break.
Although most respect O'Connor, many fear him and regard him even now as a stranger.
In a statement, the State Department did not directly address the question of Ms. Albright's involvement in Ms. Shenwick's case but criticized Senators who are holding up Mr. Holbrooke's nominations ''for reasons that have nothing to do with his qualifications.''
For a decade, Dr. Vasile has been entangled in litigation involving a divorce and bankruptcy, often representing himself against what he said were crooked lawyers and judges.
State regulators also contend that Ms. Byron-Marasek failed to accurately report the number of tigers on the site.
The only undertaker I trust, John Kritl, came up from Manhattan to handle the cremation.
But behind the plummeting crime statistics, behind the incessant trumpeting of New York as a city reined in and refashioned by a tough-as-nails Mayor, lies the fearful reality of police misconduct so widespread and at times so insanely violent that it has brought a new kind of terror to the streets of New York.
A storm promptly destroyed the defenses and damaged the house.
Arizona won the title two years ago and veterans of that team -- the senior guard Jason Terry (22 points a game) and the 6-10 center A. J. Bramlett (14.2) -- combine as the best outside-inside tandem in the nation.
And when Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh was arrested for some wrongdoing, Meg had the forgiving headline in type but could not bring herself to run it.
1 bank by assets, which the Government is selling.
Boston, April 15, 1999 The writer is a professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School.
A new-home sale is recorded when a buyer signs a contract or puts down a deposit to buy a dwelling.
We're not getting the stops or getting the shots.''
So may the two forthcoming trials involving Webster Hubbell, the former Associate Attorney General and a longtime friend of the Clintons.
Sales climbed to $252.9 million from $66 million.
The first play of the game was a pass to Johnson for 18 yards, but by halftime Lucas had connected with Chrebet five times.
So it was not surprising when her Teldec recording last year of Rossini arias, ''Amore per Rossini,'' with the English Chamber Orchestra, was nominated for a Grammy Award this year in the best classical vocal category.
Sets through Sunday are at 8:30 and 10:30 P.M. and 12:15 A.M.; there is no third set on Sunday.
What makes the pizzeria, Santa Lucia, a worthy destination for Mr. White, a co-owner of Egg Farm Dairy, which produces cheese, butter and ice cream according to 19th-century methods?
''While our other friends are working at Pathmark, we can make a lot of money doing what we really want to do.''
Once that's done -- and whether the verdict is acquittal, removal or censure -- those of us watching will be free to conclude our own deliberations about the larger conflicts that preceded Mr. Clinton's arrival in the White House and transcend the question of how he will leave it.
But they have reduced the mission operation staff from the previous standard of about 200 to close to 80, as a cost-saving measure and I think they may have gone a bit too far.
Living behind barbed wire in Alon Shvut, a Jewish settlement south of Bethlehem, he is an unlikely settler, with a Volvo and a driver -- a Cabinet minister's perquisite -- city-style black clothing and a yearly subscription to the opera.
Devoted mother of Adele Siegel, Dr. David Goldman and the late Elaine Lichtman.
and bellowing in support of their favorite poems and poets.
''But I couldn't afford expensive Art Nouveau.
4:50:38 22687 Delcourt, G, 42F .
The rockets, M-39's, have a range of 100 miles and warheads that explode and disperse 950 deadly grenades apiece over a wide area, sending lethal metal fragments that can kill soldiers and disable or immobilize their antiaircraft missiles or guns.
Two club officials said that in assessing the job a manager has done, they look for signs that he changed his modus operandi during a losing streak.
Moon added: ''The real quote was, 'I love the smell of napalm in the morning.'
''Patrick Caulfield: A Retrospective'' remains at the Yale Center for British Art, 1080 Chapel Street, New Haven, (203) 432-2800, through Jan. 9.
Your mother was a very wise, learned, generous person and will always be remembered that way.
But Mr. Spence disputed that yesterday.
3:12:18 1383 Rodriquez, I, 45M .
One thing that has not changed is the restaurant's good looks.
When asked about the economics of it, no one complains.
The first gauge may be this unpredictable, seat-of-the-pants season beginning tomorrow.
Hours: Mondays through Fridays, 7:45 A.M. to 9:30 P.M.; Saturdays, 9 A.M. to 5 P.M.
Nonetheless, Ms. Noe said, she thought the high court would uphold the lower court ruling.
''I bought this stock at $4, and I expect to make a lot of money on it,'' said Frank G. Cannata, who edits a copier-industry newsletter and who said he expects Danka A.D.R.
Everyone else has to borrow Mom's or Dad's.
''Michael is very closely associated with Disney.
This current cycle is just the latest in the rebirth of soul.
The museum said these are the first such chimneys ever collected while they were still hot and teeming with strange life.
Expelled from high school during his junior year, in 1961, Clark enlisted in the Navy.
We will miss your presence and good sense of humor.
Her breathing returned to normal.
An Indiana-Utah final is generally seen as a prime-time nightmare for NBC: two small-market, veteran teams with declining vertical leaps, vying for pro basketball's championship a year after Michael Jordan's farewell tour.
He won six consecutive Triple Crown races, starting in 1994 and ending in 1996.
Letters selected for publication may be abridged.
We're real people who have real lives.''
But on May 30, it will finally open to the public, and North Adams, Mass., will be the site of the largest center for contemporary visual and performing arts in the United States.
Weissensee is the larger of two Jewish cemeteries in eastern Berlin.
The final races for juveniles, the Spinaway for fillies and the Hopeful for colts, will be run on the Labor Day weekend, the final weekend of Saratoga's season.
MANHATTAN BATTERY PARK CITY $575,000 200 Rector Place (Liberty Court) 2-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 1,175-sq.-ft. condo in postwar building; 24-hr.
He regularly gives talks about the Panthers in the local schools.
Stung by accusations that Russians have moved billions of dollars through foreign bank accounts to avoid taxes and perhaps to launder money, the Kremlin is working to demonstrate that it is serious about fighting corruption.
And if the Cologne conference fails to produce a diplomatic solution, the Administration should be ready with a decision on an invasion force, a NATO diplomat said.
Each of the children wore inaugural sweatshirts saying, ''It's All About Our Schools.''
AMIT is deeply saddened by the passing of the beloved mother of Esther Landsman, our most devoted Associate Chairwoman of the AMIT National Board.
Could the mayor or the police commissioner or an overzealous functionary hoping to please the boss have zeroed in on a minor troublemaker because he planned to ridicule the mayor?
Thailand has provided the deputy commander of the force now in East Timor, Maj. Gen. Songkitti Chakkrabhat, and is likely to field the largest contingent of troops after Australia.
The organization has had 87 million members nationwide in its history, recruits publicly and is ostensibly non-selective in its membership, and its troops are sponsored by schools and other public service organizations.
Serious tasters smell a group of wines several times before actually tasting them, and only rarely does tasting change their opinions.
The plan was announced by Police Chief Robert Allenbach, appointed last month, and Lee Solomon, the Camden County Prosecutor who was directed by State Attorney General Peter Verniero in November to monitor the department.
The key to carnations seems to be abundance.
And he feels guilty about the failure of the 1989 rebellion.
Issues of accountability and evaluation have also left many educators critical of charter schools.
And it has been weeks since he has lashed out at his critics, or fumed at the hypocrites who beset him.
Never mind the homosexuality: after a few weeks, it seemed, the three million or so people who tuned in each week -- more than half of them women -- were drawn simply by the story.
Under terms of a peace agreement signed this month at Rambouillet, France, by Kosovar Albanians but not by Mr. Milosevic, Kosovo would gain autonomy for three years from the central Yugoslav Government in Belgrade.
For months, the priests grumbled among themselves, but the dispute heated up when the dissenters accused the Bishop of drunkenness and of openly practicing homosexuality.
Other composers in residence are Oliver Knussen, Shulamit Ran and Leon Kirchner.
's and other types of insurance like preferred-provider plans or indemnity insurance, which allows patients to choose any doctor they want.
Intergenerational debt, he calls it.
After months of pleading by the United States Embassy in Lima, the Clinton Administration says it will resume P-3 flights over Peru later in August.
Johnson & Johnson, long dismissed as an industry laggard, surprised analysts yesterday by announcing a 14.9 percent increase in its second-quarter earnings, to $1.16 billion.
Who would I know here?
The goal is to provide each youth with a job, an apartment, even college preparation courses.
Even whimsical pockets cut like mittens are utilitarian.
Rather than speak out in public or form organizations, we buy things.
Carrier, 33, had 176 receptions for 2,547 yards with the Panthers, but only 19 for 301 yards last year.
The boy then did something that is virtually never allowed at any museum: He climbed onto the exhibit, swung down into the turret and sat down inside the tank.
The residents themselves had been going to the fire hydrant to get water because there was no running water in their buildings.
Rusty Wallace, starting on the pole, led 425 of 500 laps yesterday in winning the Food City 500 Nascar event at Bristol Motor Speedway in Bristol, Tenn. Mark Martin stayed on Wallace's rear bumper in a furious 18-lap sprint to the finish but wound up about two car-lengths back.
''It's a Negro skill that most white people don't possess,'' Ms. Annie said as a matter of fact.
If the advocates can boost the bid past 79 cents per pound, the going wholesale price for horse meat, they might be able to scare the brokers off, she said.
The alliance's decision last week to broaden its target list has already had an effect.
Like Silly Putty, these features allow you to stretch stuff and make it stick to walls.
Father of Cynthia Zokhrouf of Tucson, AZ, William H. Kuser of Mesa, AZ, Elizabeth Kuser of Denver, CO, and Patricia Kaplin of Suffern, NY.
'' ''That baby was her world and we're all going crazy, can't believe this happened to that little baby,'' Mrs. Holloway said.
The institute challenges 50 years of conventional thinking that lawyers and judges just succumbed to lawlessness and were unwitting participants in Hitler's game.
To all the run-down women out there: Are you feeling tired, out of sorts, even murderous?
In effect, the arbitragers force an exchange-traded fund to track its index.
Not only does the word appear there numerous times, but as the Bible begins with light, so does Ms. Lerman's dance.
All are English or American in origin and laid out with unusual clarity.
As elections near, both in the United States and abroad, protectionist sentiment is bound to turn small food fights into bigger ones.
Geologists call it Avalonia and say it probably floated in a giant ocean south of what became North America and north of what became Africa.
Each time Saddam ties up or throws out U.N. inspection, in violation of its peace agreement with the U.N., Mr. Annan waits awhile.
The new volume, in the familiar paperback pocket-width format, devotes some 310 pages to Mexico, 26 to Guatemala and 18 to tiny English-speaking Belize.
The trouble is that virtually all the novel's characters are too busy looking down on everyone else.
''This piece reminds me of my early work, where people could be themselves in the context of a situation and didn't have to assume a role,'' he told the young cast of ''The Days Before'' prior to the last rehearsal.
Trinity plans to appeal the verdict, said Felix J. Springer, a lawyer with Day, Berry & Howard in Hartford, which represents the college.
For that reason alone this is invaluable.''
She was wandering past the azaleas in the brightly lighted shop, waiting for her bouquet to be arranged.
CLEMSON 55, MARYLAND 45 Amy Geren scored 17 points, including a key three-point play down the stretch, as No.
For instance, the one that wraps all around Los Angeles and is kind of inland from here, hasn't broken since 1857.
Mr. Vogt said he had more civil disobedience -- and some maybe not so civil -- planned.
''I still don't know how my wife arranged things,'' he said.
HEDY P. GRANT New Milford, N.J., Dec. 17, 1999
We could have picked anywhere, but we liked this particular area because it's so close to shopping and highways but you still feel like you're in farm town U.S.A.'' But farm town U.S.A. has seen more and more traffic in the last few years.
In repertory, June 11-Aug. 15: ''Hamlet,'' ''The Comedy of Errors'' and ''Saint Joan.''
On one option play, Vick froze Syracuse strong safety Charles Burton and then juked his way past him for an 8-yard gain.
The house has floor-to-ceiling windows, four wood-burning fireplaces, central air-conditioning and original details.
For nearly 30 years, Salt Lake City has remained an anomaly in Utah politics, a place where most of the state's Democrats and members of non-Mormon churches reside.
It lost $23.6 million on revenue of $61.2 million in 1998.
All through the war, our parents and other adults accurately referred to the camps holding our Japanese-American citizens as ''concentration camps.''
Rhubarb crumble and walnut parfait lead the dessert lineup.
The 41-year-old former president of Bank Bali is at the heart of a financial scandal that has shaken Jakarta -- even contributing to the downfall of a president, B. J. Habibie, who withdrew from last month's election in Parliament rather than face the likelihood of defeat.
I think I've opened some eyes now around the league.''
Beijing's response was immediate, and furious.
Last winter, for the first time in nearly two decades, California took over the No.
Mr. Cobb obeyed, the police said, but began struggling with Officer Grant, and it was during the struggle that the gun went off.
''That was the nail in the coffin,'' Mallon said.
The New York Friars Club and the Cates family deeply mourn his passing and extend an invitation to attend a memorial service on Monday, January 25 at 2pm at Director's Guild Theater, 110 West 57 Street, NYC.
What had killed it was not much in doubt.
''I decided to stay and fight.''
Mass of Christian Burial Wednesday 10 AM, Church of St. Augustine.
You walk through a tunnel of sneakers in every size and style from every era.
Also, some museums are closed Christmas Day.
Called up from Albany for the Devils was John Madden, a center.
In a battle of two big servers, Krajicek edged Greg Rusedski, 6-4, 6-4.
'Digitally deficient,' they called me.
2:54:29 406 Cretzmeyer, J, 50M .
I just wish I could give him a hug and tell him that I care.''
The lethal virus is neither treatable nor preventable.
Ms. Garibaldi was the first woman serving as president of the New Jersey State Bar Association when she was appointed to the supreme court by Gov.
At the moment, the Democratic field to replace Senator Lautenberg, who will retire at the end of next year, remains crowded.
In fact, Ms. Addams is a maleto-female transsexual who lives full time as a woman, and the name for the orientation of someone who is dating such an individual is unclear.
People close to the investigation said yesterday that no ''smoking gun'' had been discovered implicating the employees.
The board, in a letter to the Federal Aviation Administration, said electrical units in the forward cargo hold of the plane, the MD-11, should be modified, insulated and upgraded with better circuit breakers.
I've talked to dozens, dozens of employers who said if you are going to open up the books of my corporation, and I make widgets, or I make steel, or I make desks, or I make pencils, and you're going to open up my books for my employees to sue me for a decision my insurance company that I hired made, I can't afford, I'm not in the business of health care.
But when he picked up his stack of videos on recent losses for the San Antonio Spurs, he found a few problems.
The Governor down here is thinking of running for President.
Dr. Abrams has been studying the ecology of the Eastern forest for the last 15 years and has zeroed in especially on the advance of the red maple.
''There were 18 holes of wind instead of nine holes of wind.''
''The shuttle is the only re-usable, manned spacecraft that we've got,'' he said.
The state attorney general nominates one member and the state comptroller nominates the other.
''But as a result of the revelations of Philip Morris's illegal activities, the Legislature and the governor had a chance to hit a home run on lobbying reform.
But Kevin Davitt, a spokesman for Mr. Hynes, defended its merits.
Most successful were the marble and ceramic mortars and pestles.
King did not return a telephone message seeking comment on the meeting or the F.B.I.
But that ability failed tonight.
After the publishers signed the contract for a Japanese version of the book, the efforts to translate it faced problems almost immediately.
We got the same soul.
The rush among Internet companies to promote their brands to computer users is turning into a gold rush for television, radio, newspapers, magazines and outdoor advertising, not to mention the mainstay Madison Avenue agencies.
A11 Campaign Finance Vote Likely Senate Democrats managed to score a parliamentary victory that appeared to guarantee them test votes next week on a wide-ranging bill to overhaul the nation's campaign finance laws and on a more limited measure to ban unregulated donations to political parties.
EVENTS Fresh Eyes From sculptured giant Amazonian waterlilies to a miniature tableau of a suicidal squirrel, the work of 15 young artists from 9 countries will be displayed beginning on Thursday at the Tate Gallery in London.
The suit also charges that since many of the lots have been used as gardens for years, they are considered parkland under state law.
We offer our profound sympathies to his wife, Gwyn, his father, Christian, and his children, William, Daniel, Jennifer, Karen, Elizabeth and Kathleyn.
The company, Lai Sun Hotels, recently became ensnared in a legal battle with Gene E. Phillips, a Dallas real estate operator, and a company he controls, American Realty Trust.
And it was in the arms of Gersaint, in a borrowed house in Nogent-sur-Seine, that Watteau died of tuberculosis.
Mr. Barr said he was particularly pleased by the court's observation that the prosecution's case '' 'appears seriously problematic in several respects.'
''There is no specific proposal we can talk about.''
They started saying, 'Sare jahaan se achha Hidustan harnara.'
Their practice facility was a shabby gymnasium at a North Jersey trucking company.
In February, after Notre Dame turned down the Big Ten following months of talks, Delany said the conference might consider searching for another school.
An ''expert'' then joins Lionel in analyzing the cases.
Front and center is a willful, tomboyish beauty (Paulette Goddard) torn between a deceptive-looking dandy from Charleston (Ray Milland) and a brawny, infatuated veteran of the sailing wars (John Wayne).
''Air Jordans, Reeboks, Nikes, now they're the enemy,'' said Mr. Crawford, 59, his Alabama twang still strong after four decades in the North.
''The bar is not as high in terms of the budgets; the process is more open to women, to younger people, to older people.
So drop a thank-you note to Vinny Testaverde for the touchdown he really didn't score.
Mr. Clinton said, ''We've been providing information to Japan on our experiences in dealing with similar incidents in the United States and making available our experts in atmospheric monitoring and any other areas that might be useful.''
But they did not find any, and the newspaper did not publish anything about the claim.
In 1991, President George Bush awarded Ms. Elion a National Medal of Science, saying her work had ''transformed the world.''
The bilevel raceway fiberglass table he built to recirculate running water and algae and serve as an upweller to feed his next nursery batch of oysters is ready and waiting on his driveway.
How sweetly tormenting such a fantasy can be when applied to love.
Sanders's strikeout was duly noted as the third out on the scoreboard, which then reset itself to 0for the top of the eighth.
Between them, the Lakers' Kobe Bryant and O'Neal have more commercials, record deals and endorsement contracts than most actors in their neighborhoods.
Major Kaunda was a rising figure in a key opposition party, and his father said he believed he was killed by those seeking to eliminate a potential rival.
Therefore, all crime must have a social cause.
But the trial, which opened with a display of Mr. Anwar's black eye, received in a police beating, has done damage to far more than the reputation of Malaysia's judicial system.
Some seriously entertained the proposal; as recently as last week at least one of the lawyers talked with prosecutors about security arrangements at the courthouse, said a lawyer connected to the case who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
The message is: Start the two remaining redeployments from the Wye agreement, begin in earnest the Israeli-Palestinian talks on the final status of the West Bank, and do not sign agreements and then backpedal like Mr. Barak's predecessor, Benjamin Netanyahu.
I will only emphasize that it was at that time and in that way, in that manner, that the President led Mrs. Currie through a series of statements and determinant questions to establish a set of facts describing his relationship with Ms. Lewinsky at the White House that supported his false testimony.
''It's not just a matter of who calls the hit-and-run play.
Art at Silvermine A four-part exhibition opening today at the Silvermine Guild Arts Center in New Canaan features the work of James Jackson Burt and his father, David Burt; ''Heart's Desire,'' a collection of love-inspired works by member artists; a kinetic installation with music by Robert Hepner, who will discuss his work today at 4 P.M.; and paintings by Gregory Amenoff.
Mr. Tilford is convinced, moreover, that the American public is more willing to accept casualties than political and military leaders believe, if people can be persuaded that the sacrifice is worthwhile.
Jordan Is a Realist Brian Jordan knows that nothing is certain in a series, having been a part of the 1996 Cardinals squad that blew a 3-1 lead to the Braves, but he believes that a victory in Game 3 could put the Mets away.
Mr. Daniel's death has led to inquiries by the Brooklyn district attorney's office and the United States attorney's office in Brooklyn into whether criminal charges might be warranted against the construction contractor, Industrial Enterprise Ltd., which is owned by Chaim Ostreicher.
More killings occur, and this time drugs certainly have nothing to do with them.
To compensate, Ferrari again dipped into its bag of Formula One racing tricks.
McCARTHY AMENDMENT: For the measure 4.
You can't say that we're providing equal education opportunities in this country when there are such imbalances between low-wealth and high-wealth districts.''
China's top negotiator with Taiwan, Wang Daohan, said he was shocked by Mr. Lee's remarks.
''The feeling was one of excitement,'' Mr. Rose said, during an interview in his office on the Upper West Side of Manhattan.
And even if such prisons are not the majority, regulation proponents say they starkly reveal the need for laws that regulate all private prisons and answer certain questions: What are the rights and responsibilities of local law enforcement?
''Especially a guy like him.''
Mr. Daschle said the Democrats were keen to preserve Ms. Lewinsky's dignity.
Perhaps it was a yearning for a deeper sense of history that made city officials and developers in Scottsdale, Ariz., push so hard for a grand redevelopment project called ''The Canals of Scottsdale.''
Illinois is one of a handful of states with a statute that bars secret videotaping in saunas, bathrooms and tanning booths.
The automobile companies may lobby for an even more relaxed schedule.
''Later, I would take those programs of the New Deal as object lessons in the role government can play in changing people's lives for the better,'' Glenn writes, in a sentiment repeated, with variations, elsewhere, as is his summary of the lessons of a civics teacher: ''You could see how individuals could exercise their beliefs and actually cause change and improvement.
One of the most persuasive themes in the Berlin jottings around which the book is constructed -- other parts include childhood memories, the story of her mother and an account of the breakup of Yugoslavia and a band of college friends along with it -- is photographs.
B9 SPORTS D1-8 Calipari Fired as Nets Coach John Calipari was fired as the Nets' head coach, after a 3-17 season.
What a Marie in ''Wozzeck'' she would be!
Mr. Nardi explained that real estate closings involving federally chartered lenders must be conducted in accordance with the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, a Federal law designed to insure that borrowers are informed of the costs associated with a closing.
It's something that the commisioner had been planning for a long time.''
His father's brutal death made the papers: He was stabbed and thrown in the store's freezer, where he bled to death.
In June the police said crime had stabilized, although at high levels.
There are dozens of such hotels throughout Japan, most clustered near major train stations.
Lower the heat and simmer for 10 minutes, or until the artichokes just begin to soften.
In some ways, Billick, who joined the Vikings in 1992, might already be gone.
Approved 52 to 45, May 5.
The ousted Government shocked the world last May by conducting underground nuclear tests, which were then matched by Pakistan.
''It doesn't take long for people to forget,'' she said.
Speaking separately, David Scheffer, the United States Ambassador at Large for war crimes issues, said conservative estimates based largely on refugee reports indicated that 5,000 people had died in mass executions since the air war began.
I'm going to do Something, and you're going to be able to do the show.''
Lee Doyle, the managing director for media at Lowe, Lintas & Partners, said: ''The early indications are that they overdelivering their rate base significantly.
''It's infuriating,'' said Edward Ruhl, a Manhattan banker who drives in from the farm country near the Pennsylvania line.
Houston Astros Larry Dierker, third year 1998: 102-60, first When Moises Alou (38 home runs, 124 runs batted in last year) tore a knee ligament before spring training, the Astros appeared to suffer a serious setback in their plans to win a third straight division title under Larry Dierker.
Is thinness crucial for beauty or for self-worth?
Now in that meeting -- and I am speaking of the meeting that happened late that night at the White House -- Mr. Jordan told the President again that Ms. Lewinsky had been subpoenaed and related to the President the substance and details of his meeting with Ms. Lewinsky.
Just last week, a group of leading antitrust lawyers filed a class-action lawsuit against Monsanto, saying the company rushed its biotechnology products to market without proper testing.
Another way to cut thick landscape timbers is with a circular saw.
Mr. Eisenstein said that since homeowners' insurance policies in New York generally do not cover personal possessions not on the insured premises, his company encourages customers to make sure they get additional insurance for items in storage.
He was tired and cold and the knee throbbed.
My nature is different from him.
Port Fairy, with its bluestone seamen's cottages, beckoned.
ABC's executives might expect something drastic to reverse the trend of low ratings for both series.
As Deputy Mayor, he supervised day-to-day city government and played a pivotal role in some of Mr. Giuliani's most high-profile initiatives, like fighting organized crime in the Fulton Fish Market and cracking down on sex shops.
A Dangerous Friend, by Ward Just.
That's something we're going to have to get a handle on.''
The opposition forces of Ahmad Shah Massoud, their sole remaining nemesis, hit back, springing ambushes and slaying hundreds -- perhaps more than 1,000 -- of the Taliban, who reportedly suffered even more losses in a disorderly retreat.
Coach Robbie Ftorek strategically rotated the Devils' four lines.
Mr. Leight's new title refers to ''both generations,'' he said.
''The old formula of finding a location and getting beautiful girls is obsolete.''
Mr. Smith evoked a world as far removed from one in which people know what the Sherry-Netherland is as it seemed possible to get within the context of a fashion show.
On May 10, shareholders will receive one additional share for each share held as of April 21, the wireless communications company said late Wednesday.
It also came and went without much notice, aside from a handful of small protests.
Mr. Shepard was found on Oct. 7, 1998, unconscious and tied to a fence on the prairie outside Laramie.
Apple reported its results after the market's close.
Family, Esther, Sue, Paul, Michael.
In addition to Princess Diana, he has regularly shopped for Princess Michael of Kent, Jacqueline Bisset and Gordon Campbell Gray, owner of the One Aldwych Hotel in the City of London.
He had been affiliated with the hospital since 1963.
I'm not saying that our sexual preoccupations aren't worth talking about.
You always have these great players come along to carry the torch.
A separate application by a fifth officer who took part in the interrogation, Gideon Nieuwoudt, was rejected last month for similar reasons.
Assuming one's budget holds up, the Grand Wailea claims to be all things to all people.
SKITCH AND THE POPS -- The Snug Harbor Cultural Center is playing host to a New York Pops concert with Skitch Henderson, the founder and music director of the Pops; today 5 P.M.; South Meadow, Snug Harbor, Staten Island; free, no tickets necessary; for directions or more information call (718) 448-2500.
Take Morton Bailey and his wife, Marian.
But if we can find the right opportunity, we might try it again.''
A group of men who had escaped braved flames to help others still inside.
He deserved a chance to win the game, and he found a way.''
The company said it was refining the merchandise selection and store format at its outlets in an attempt to return the division to profitability.
Ballet New York will perform at 8 P.M. Saturday at the Inter-Media Art Center on New York Avenue in Huntington (656-3232).
Palmeiro hit his record-setting home run in the seventh, a three-run shot off Radke (12-14).
As for other candidates, wearing the ball cap of somebody else's team in somebody else's state could be the 2000 version of Michael Dukakis's Snoopy helmet in the tank.
But so was the act of taking his own life instead of seeing it through.
Remove from the heat, season with salt and pepper to taste, spoon the sauce over the lobster and serve.
Garnish if you like, and serve.
In the spring, Ms. Bank was paired with Helen Fielding, the author of ''Bridget Jones,'' for an appearance at the 92d Street Y.
''I startled him and the tail started flapping like mad, and he went right into the water.''
I expected the offensive tackles to be 100 times greater than they were in college.
The flagship product has a price of $5,000.
He did so in an academic forum in Boston in August.
They were handed uniforms and weapons and sent over the mountains to join the fight.
You can convince me of almost -- not everything because that's going too far.
The second lesson, then, is that there needs to be greater understanding of the broad social and political implications of economic theory, more diplomatic sensitivity and certainly more coordination among the ''doctors'' trying to revive the patient.
They provided us with a development consultant.
I hope he will move beyond his omnipresent nonfat tomato sauce, cornstarch-thickened stocks and creamless sauces.
And he's unbelievable on the phone.''
CAHILL-James M. April 25, at age 89.
Linda LeRoy Janklow, Chairman John S. Chalsty, President Andre Bishop, Artistic Director Bernard Gersten, Exec Producer PETERS-Alton E. Our respected Chairman for nearly twenty years, the Board of Goodwill Industries of Greater New York mourns the passing of a great friend and tireless supporter.
Mr. Walsh said he expected the Clintons to visit the New York State Fair in Syracuse, a mandatory political stop.
I'm sorry, but that's when we have the Paperweight Collectors' Association,'' said the reservations clerk at the Swissotel.
''Action'' in this case really means one thing: big growth companies and the funds that invest in them.
There is a post-modern originality to the eclectic five pieces by Mr. Wilson and in Rhetta Aleong's dialogue and movement piece ''E.T.D.
''Like it or not,'' Mr. Weicker said, ''they're the ball game as far as challenging the Republicans and the Democrats.''
Those familiar with the McCarthy investigations of the early 1950's know what the phrase guilt by association means.
Consider it a German variant of ''Cape Fear,'' though no act of violence is actually shown.
But what does it say to other teams about Chambliss the prospect that the Yankees picked as Torre's temp a man with a bum right knee, who is wincing through the early-season schedule as bone meets bone the way ball meets bat?
For example, $17,000 could support an entire year's cost of an after-school program for 100 children in Appalachia or the Mississippi River delta.
A lot of times I feel I don't even belong here.
''We intend to pay Reno pilots American Airlines wages, and we intend to offer promotion opportunities to A.P.A.
''I believe we are nearly everybody,'' he decides.
Here, cast against the finely seasoned English actor Roger Rees in the title role and forced to speak in intricate, rhymed couplets, she brings to mind a beautiful, sheltered girl at her first grown-up dance, putting on airs and hoping against hope she'll get away with it.
Mr. Levine said the mayor would not bring politics to the negotiating table.
''Joy Street'' (24 minutes), an American film by Suzan Pitt, is an inventive, visually lush story of a very sad woman at the end of her rope.
Mr. Nyerere, who as a youthful pan-Africanist President had considered doing without an army, reasoning that such a force would be useless against great powers and therefore could only fight African neighbors, sent Tanzanian soldiers and Ugandan exile volunteers to push back Mr. Amin's forces.
The invasion occurs as the information agency is about to pass from the scene.
''So what makes crazy people violent?''
Donations in lieu of flowers, Hi Tech School, C/O Community Synagogue, 325 East 6th Street, New York, NY 10003.
Despite initial problems with the partnerships, Ford has big plans for expansion, while G.M.
''I cannot imagine Kosovo without defense.''
Under the measure the House passed, steel imports would be limited to volumes based on monthly averages gleaned from the three-year period before July 1997.
Just a generation ago, the Inuit diet was entirely traditional.
The Paris has Faberge egg slot machines with Jacquepots and gardenia-covered Eiffel Towers by the baccarat tables.
Her career with New York City Ballet began in the 1960's and soared in turbulent parallel to that era's national upheavals in politics and culture.
Any rumors about the nonexistence of the Atlantic City Police Department are premature, said Louis Toscano, an aide to Mayor James Whelan, despite an appellate court ruling this month that said that, technically, the 420-member department does not exist.
His relationship with the University lasted some fifty years, beginning as a student who played on the highly regarded NYU basketball squads of the late 1940's and culminating in his long tenure as athletic director.
Wild-2 now travels in a looping path from just outside Jupiter's orbit to just inside that of Mars, where it makes its closest approach to the Sun and reaches peak activity.
At this point the human overseers had no idea why the solutions that evolution had stumbled upon worked so well.
8.Mama's Food Shop + (212) 777-4425 200 East Third Street, at Avenue B East Village $ Cash only Mama's is a simple place with home-style American cooking and room for no more than 20 people.
Both have won that rare combination of critical acclaim and reader devotion.
Unsettling factor: Husband and wife bloated with intestinal gas after big meal.
Costumes and pop references are still a hoot, as is the adorably benighted Austin.
The Beit Yizhak version is $3.59 for 12 ounces at Fairway, 2124 Broadway (74th Street) and 2328 12th Avenue (132d Street).
Union Pacific *** [RATING: Three Stars] (212) 995-8500 111 East 22nd Street Manhattan $$$$ All major cards With a curtain of falling water at the entrance and the cool, calm look of Japan without a hint of austerity, Union Pacific is one of the most beautiful, comfortable and soothing environments in Manhattan.
Following is an excerpt from the statement today by Gregory B. Craig, a lawyer for President Clinton, as recorded by the Federal News Service, a private transcription agency: The 13 House Republican prosecutors had the constitutional burden to prove their case that the President of the United States should be removed from office.
Even at the softest volume, it's radical with tempo.
The vote also gave a vast, challenging role to the United Nations, which had been politically sidelined until now by American insistence that NATO and Russia take the lead in efforts to end the conflict.
''It's one of the highlights of our season.''
These drawings are an improbable combination of Ben Shahn and Jean Cocteau.
The Champalous, like most Vouvrillons, make sparkling Vouvray, but theirs is not a commercial, cash-flow wine.
The law, the only one of its kind in the nation, was adopted at the insistence of Gov.
Mr. Anwar is now on trial on corruption charges; he may take the stand next week.
Forty people, all but one in Britain, are known to have died from the disease.
Chili Davis was the last to hit, searching for the hitting approach he lost a few weeks ago.
Bill Owens instructed Mr. Zhu, who stands third in China's political hierarchy, on liberty and the ''American way of life.''
David Leighton, the artistic director of the company, asserted recently that at a time when many ballet companies use recorded music, ''our virtual orchestra is one step up from that.''
At the time of his death, Dr. Savage was completing a second volume on paleofaunas in collaboration with J. Howard Hutchison, another retired Berkeley paleontologist.
The Turning Point One Big Player Comes Forward But earlier this year, Rhone-Poulenc broke ranks.
He had one victory in 26 years.
Norway was the second Women's World Cup champion, in Sweden in 1995; the Americans, who were victors at the first tournament in 1991 in China, also wonboth the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta and the 1998 Goodwill Games in New York.
But they were booked, so we were relegated to the Pullman, a mostly shabby place some 15 minutes away.
Shareholders of the Phoenix-based UDC sued Arthur Andersen in 1995 after UDC's stock dropped from $10 to $1 and the company filed for bankruptcy protection.
Instead, they will be marking their failure to stop Serbia from expelling unwanted Albanians from its province of Kosovo.
The one- to three-bedroom apartments, each with a private entrance and 700 to 1,150 square feet, will be in four two-story buildings.
While Kosovar Albanian representatives eventually signed the Rambouillet pact after extracting a promise of a referendum on Kosovo's status in three years, the present document does not make clear whether Kosovo remains part of Yugoslavia, or eventually will have the chance of becoming independent, as the Albanians want.
It would sap his already limited energies and keep him from getting well.
''We lived in a little two-bedroom apartment that we had already outgrown when we moved in three years ago,'' she said.
''My whole being is female,'' she said.
The police felt outgunned and underarmored against gangs.
Benny Agbayani might have been walking in step with him.
At the start of the second episode, Syd trots out an ancient cliche, reading a Webster's dictionary definition.
Adding fuel to widespread concern about the looming shortage of qualified public-school teachers, a new report contends that some of the most trumpeted plans for change would only make matters worse.
But from them she produces sculptures, murals and architectural forms of impressive weight and elan.
''They were very organized, which made a big difference.''
''That's part of destiny, I guess,'' Morten Andersen said.
Traffic was light when the system made its debut Dec. 5 because it was the 72nd birthday of Thailand's beloved monarch, King Bhumibol Adulyadej, a national holiday.
In an accompanying article, Howard J. Cooke of Western General Hospital in Edinburgh and a colleague, Philippa K. T. Saunders, said Dr. Brinster's work indicated that if immature stem cells could develop successfully after transplantation, they could be frozen and reintroduced into the donor after completion of cancer treatment.
Aside from concerns over ailments possibly related to the vaccine, Senator Bassano said the number of reported cases of Hepatitis B among children in the state was too low to justify a mass vaccination.
''This is what kids are wearing,'' she says.
The only confirmed death was on Grand Bahama, where a man driving along a flooded road was swept into the ocean and drowned, Godwin Blyden, the national disaster coordinator, said.
This collection of images from 1859 to 1956 is less a book about maritime history than a book that uses photographs of shipyards, harbors and cockpits to fire the imagination.
Early in the third, Wayne Gretzky took a pass along the boards from Adam Graves and, with an almost instantaneous twitch, fired a pass in front to Harvey for the tying goal.
Sponsored by Big Onion Walking Tours.
Critics say that the police investigations often needlessly delay the disciplinary process and that by the time they are concluded, witnesses and complainants are often tired of the process and no longer willing to cooperate.
The refugees' flight is far too recent for them to feel bored by empty days that stretch before them like giant question marks.
''And I heard it is very hard.''
A chart on March 16 presenting results of a New York Times poll showed how white, black and Hispanic New Yorkers viewed the police.
In Cairo today, Gen. Issam Ahmed, a senior Egyptian transportation ministry official, suggested that an explosion, possibly in the tail section, caused the crash, The Associated Press reported.
BOOK -- ''Model Apartments,'' by Gustau Gili Galfetti (1997) WHY -- ''We're currently doing construction in three different places -- my apartment, the spa downtown and the spa on 57th Street -- and we're designing our first manicure bar.''
The Rutgers University Animal Rights Center, which trained Rutgers Law School students through often pioneering litigation on behalf of pets and wildlife, has shut down, the law school said yesterday.
Add plums and brandy, reduce heat to medium-low.
Whereas Darwin argued that evolution made men the superior sex (since they had to compete by wit and main for those passive reproductive vessels, women), Fisher comes close to making the opposite claim.
Legislators of both major parties received the gifts: at least 85 current members and an additional 30 members who have since left office, according to the documents.
Earlier he describes how ''the Indians offered to kill Kinski for me'' during the shooting of ''Fitzcarraldo'' (1982), another film they made together in the Peruvian wilderness.
And there was the more than competent acting of the current and former N.F.L.
This time, it involved more than a dozen cyclists in Swiss and Italian races failing blood tests, including Marco Pantani of Italy, last year's winner of the Tour de France.
Words that are correctly used cannot be barred from conversation just because they are not shopworn.
Mr. Frankel's use of aliases and his practice of scattering his assets had made it impossible for the police to lock up all his bank accounts even by mid-August.
It was in a deposition that the President gave in Ms. Jones's lawsuit last Jan. 17 that he first denied having sexual relations with Monica S. Lewinsky, a former White House intern.
Mr. Thaci has had to delay the formation of his party while he has tried to keep key commanders on his side.
I told him to stop by my clinic for free samples.
''These events occurred in a different Australia, a society with different knowledge and with different moral values and standards,'' Judge Abadee said in his 400-page judgment.
The attraction, she says, was immediate, although when he asked for her number she declined.
NEW JERSEY A Second Stage On the First New Jersey's most important second stage is on the drawing board for the McCarter Theater in Princeton.
GREEN BAY PACKERS -- Signed DB Tyrone Williams to a multiyear contract.
What happens in small private high schools or competitive suburban ones, where students with stellar SAT's do not make the top 10 percent?
Awestruck in the Dugout It's too early, Todd Stottlemyre said, to know if following Randy Johnson in the Arizona pitching rotation will help him or hurt him.
Those who have it decide the fate of those who don't.
Together they stake out a wide territory, ranging from 19th-century landscape painting to 20th-century rural crafts to spectacular American Indian work.
Dr. Lentz, a paleoethnobotanist on the team, had used an electron microscope to identify the remains of apricot and jujube trees among the charred specimens he unearthed last summer in the Moonlight Garden.
Many of Japan's insurers have been staggering under the weight of billions of dollars in property losses and bad debts.
The coffee is already available on line at Allnative.com, a Web commerce site (www.allnative.com) owned by the Winnebago that also sells Indian-made crafts, computers and clothing.
Logging on then, and identifying oneself by category -- say, homeowner, plastics molder or aerospace executive -- will thereafter elicit a home page tailored to the individual's interest.
''We prosper when times are bad,'' said Adilson Parrella, president of O'Gara's Brazilian subsidiary.
Ariel, a pioneer of black-advised funds, got its start in 1986 in partnership with the Calvert Group, a fund company in Bethesda, Md.
Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 P.M.; Saturdays at 2 and 8 P.M.; Sundays at 2 and 7 P.M. Tickets: $35 to $80; $20 tickets by lottery on day of show at box office.
''On the surface, 'Max Havelaar' is a tract or a pamphlet very much in the same line as 'Uncle Tom's Cabin,' ''Lawrence wrote.
The action sought by the State Department is not an extradition, normally carried out under pacts between countries, but a unique procedure that Congress authorized in a 1996 law intended to open the way for American cooperation with the ad hoc tribunals.
DALLAS The Dallas Cowboys are still America's Team.
As soon as he could save up $20, he bought a book called ''How to Succeed in the Stock Market,'' he recalls fondly.
Until now, the Government's only significant support has come from a West African peacekeeping force headed by soldiers from sub-Saharan Africa's most populous country, Nigeria.
Ms. Altmann, who works for the Long Island Power Authority, has already promised to recuse herself on any items involving the authority.
This is important to me, or I wouldn't go on like this.''
Dr. Corry, a data base consultant, was not turned down for hiring or promotion because of his faith, which is what ''religious discrimination'' conjures up for most people.
''Nature is created this way, beautiful,'' he said.
During a four-hour river boat trip, between naps, he had helped his mother, father, grandmother and 2-year-old sister spot 35 species of birds.
The Los Angeles Lakers, the talented yet underachieving club that was believed to be Jackson's team of choice, are strongly considering rehiring the interim coach, Kurt Rambis, on a permanent basis, according to a published report.
One reason for the existence of the N.P.S.
Our dearest brother, friend and playmate.
The PGA Tour is in Texas this week, which means Hal Sutton is a good bet to play well.
And believe me, you need a little training.''
In March he said he ''took the initiative in creating the Internet.''
Then the Vice President dashes off to a lumber yard in an economically distressed section of Miami called Allapattah, where he gulps a Cuban coffee, gives a short speech and announces $25 million in Federal aid for the state's citrus industry.
3:09:26 1160 Sedami, S, 43M .
The Eastman Kodak Company said yesterday that it had named Robert Brust, an executive with the Unisys Corporation, as its chief financial officer, replacing Harry Kavetas, who died in May.
ENGLEWOOD PUBLIC LIBRARY An exhibition of small works in celebration of Englewood's centenary.
Ultimately, this is the sort of stuff that shouldn't be in the hands of one company or one university,'' he said.
Two of the van's eight adults, including the driver, died following the crash, which occurred about 50 miles west of Buffalo in the Chautauqua County town of Portland.
Information about Kosovo's other cities and towns remains even sketchier.
All, naturally, for their own benefit.
''I have several of them, but the one I usually carry around is a Sharp Actius because it's only 2.8 pounds.
It's something I was able to do.''
He swallows a giant screwdriver, a steel sword with a blade so dull it could not cut butter, and a neon sword plugged into an outlet so it glows.
''Now I want to color it again.
Within 20 minutes, he said, ambulances arrived, taking the five survivors -- including two children -- to a hospital in Pristina.
He was an ardent defender of freedom and liberty.
The Administration still clearly believes that the lure of economic prosperity can be used to keep weapons holstered.
To the Editor: Regarding assertions that George Washington's death may have been an unintended consequence of bloodletting, known technically at the time as phlebotomy, (''Death of a President: A 200-Year-Old Malpractice Debate,'' Dec. 14), it is more certain that our 20th president, James A. Garfield, who died in Elberon, N.J., in September 1881, after only a few months in office, would have survived if his doctors could only have brought themselves to leave him alone.
Get it out and get it over with, he says.
www.newportfolk.com JVC JAZZ FESTIVAL -- Newport, Aug. 13-15 (401-847-3700).
''I remember how some people look down at you when you're the person who cleans the toilets,'' Mr. Noble said.
Ms. Liu transferred the money a few days after the head of Chinese military intelligence told her and the fund raiser, Johnny Chung, that he would soon have Ms. Liu forward $300,000 to Mr. Chung to support President Clinton and the Democratic Party, according to Mr. Chung's testimony last May before Mr. Burton's committee.
Tonight and tomorrow night at 8:30 (the garden opens at 6), the Abby Aldrich Rockefeller Sculpture Garden of the Museum of Modern Art, 11 West 53d Street, Manhattan, (212) 708-9750.
Why would you want to?''
''Thanks everybody for all your thoughts and prayers,'' Sergeant Ramirez said.
In his latest curatorial exercise, the artist Robert Gober coaxes an amazing range of evocations from a spare, tellingly installed selection of works by five disparate artists.
The pilot, Ahmed al-Habashi, 57, was a family man who had two wives, three children and a 26-year career spent entirely with EgyptAir.
One is to keep a safe distance from a repellent story that many regard as one of Shakespeare's lesser efforts by treating it as a slice of stylized Grand Guignol and staging its chain of murders and mutilations as the blackest of comedies.
''It's a subtler way to reach an elite audience.''
Cleaners who win the grants must open their shops and records to state officials, who hope to learn if the new methods cut pollution, satisfy customers and make economic sense to cleaners.
Compared with the Nasdaq, the drop in other averages was more modest.
I thought he was kidding.''
FEDERICO-Gene Survived by his wife, Helen Federico, daughters Lisa Federico, Hillsdale, NY and Gina Federico, New Canaan, CT, sons-in-law Michael Goodman, Hillsdale, NY and Tom Andersen, New Canaan, CT, grandchildren Federico and Decker Goodman and Muriel and Kaare Andersen, sisters Sylvia Parlatore, Deerfield Beach, FL.
One exception is David Wengerd, an Amish farmer who has been commuting here from central Pennsylvania since 1985.
But make the crush homosexual and the valentine becomes a mode of attack, the heart becomes a shiv.
Jones, who led Mississippi State to the Final Four in 1996, faces up to 14 years in prison if convicted on all charges.
I was waiting for someone's work that I loved.''
First, Renee Bell named her wire-haired dachshund Ashley, a name Ms. Bell had liked since childhood.
So, he was asked, are you an institution?
Suggested admission: $2.50; students and the elderly, $1.50; children under 12, $1.25.
This time it is the trading powers of East Asia who are emerging as players -- reflecting the waterway's diminishing importance to American commerce and its growing strategic value to export-dependent economies on the far side of the Pacific.
The unit has $500 million in annual sales and 1,730 employees.
His invention bears pondering as the world of concert music prepares -- or doesn't -- to adapt to the post-modern mores and sated sensory appetites of the 21st century.
The actual city of Providence, where many exterior scenes were filmed, provides the only glimpses of realism here.
The other four theaters built in conjunction with the Valencia are still standing and are in various states of repair.
It was just so different from my full-time job.''
The main construction difficulty, Mr. Berger said, stems from the bus station's location directly above local streets and highway lanes leading to the George Washington Bridge, which would require crews to work mainly at night and on weekends.
Joseph Fisher, 52, succeeds Mr. Wallace, joining Marsteller from another sibling, the Burson-Marsteller public relations agency in New York, where he had been a managing director.
Devoted brother of Barbara Gandolfo Frady, James Gandolfo and Georgette Gandolfo.
Seiji's was green, the color of the heart chakra; Jessica's white, the color of the crown chakra.
''I would not have participated if I had known.
Human error is always likely, though how likely it is always hard to say.
''He's got a ball in his hand right now,'' Hunter said.
For the first time since the revolution 20 years ago, demonstrators had chanted slogans against Ayatollah Khamenei, who controls the country's security and intelligence forces, the armed forces, the judiciary and the radio and television and therefore wields much more power than the popularly elected President, Mr. Khatami.
They have watched spoiled New York fans gripe when the best teams money can buy fail to win a championship once a decade.
Worse, if we foist those demons on our children, sooner or later there will be hell to pay.
Today's column will examine the history of the interplay between the two.
Sometimes brand names, another staple of his early years, are splashed across the image: Heinz 57 appears on one canvas, the Wise Potato Chip owl on another.
Eric M. Creizman, who wrote for the newspaper in 1992 and 1993, said he had transferred to Columbia University because of frustration over the removal of newspapers and the lack of ''real open debate in the classroom or out.''
''I think we would have been a much better team if '' he'd been able to play, ''but I'm looking forward to next year.''
Things didn't start out that rosy for either of the special-teams units.
Our heartfelt condolences to the entire family.
Today, driving between the two places is no more eventful than crossing the border between New York and Connecticut.
Then you put the beat-up bucket over its head to keep out the icy rain and snow.
Because he is so gifted offensively, Niedermayer's defensive abilities and strength are often overlooked.
Not only is there no violence; there's no sex either.
It would be a little like getting one of those letters from a credit card company offering a $10,000 credit line -- just in case you come up short one month on the mortgage.
Therefore, Gabriel Garcia Marquez's comment, ''I don't know where the shame of being a tourist comes from'' seems quite appropriate.
But if they can e-mail their own certificates and allow them to be redeemed at their own Web sites, they can avoid selling them at a discount through the wholesalers.
Why would a young man from a successful family have to sell in the street?
The data proved to be precious for scientific research.
Forbes offered Radojevic a scholarship without even having met him.
Rather than dreaming of a mass movement, these self-styled counterculture kids take a do-it-yourself approach to relatively small corners of the culture, whether that means staging guerrilla protests or trading tapes of their favorite shows.
The bad news is we'd like to do more.''
Mr. Cohelan also co-sponsored legislation in 1968 that established Redwood National Park, on the northwestern coast of California, and Point Reyes National Seashore, 20 miles northwest of San Francisco.
Nestled near its vineyards, a one-story wooden building holds both winery and tasting room.
52, on June 21, 1999.
The reactive American policy toward Iraq displays little attention to the needs of other United Nations members, whose support would have been essential in terms of legitimacy, efficiency, dignity and long-term benefits.
''The delegation assured me they intend to meet their timetable and, perhaps, speed it up,'' Mr. Dole said standing beside 10 of the 16 delegation members.
The State Assembly, which is controlled by Democrats, approved such a bill in January, but the Republican-led State Senate let the legislation die, as it has done every year for the last decade.
A year ago she turned to Dr. Griffith, an expert at studying DNA-protein interactions under the electron microscope.
But Metrojet also charges lower fares, which along with the softening of business travel pushed U S Airways' total per-passenger revenues down nearly 5 percent.
We offer our condolences and everlasting love.
She's not one to wear black, although she does acknowledge that ''it is the simplest way to dress.''
Now a proposed extension of the Metro-North Railroad's Hudson commuter line is leading people here and in nearby towns to define something else: how much they value the virtues of isolation and repose and how much they want the economic benefits that would come from better access to New York City, 100 miles downstream.
Late in the film, against the Warriors, he played brilliantly, and that's in the film too.''
They scored on their first three possessions, taking a 21-0 first-quarter lead, then held on to end a two-game skid that had them sniping at one other and the coaching staff.
If Mr. Clinton was trying to offer his wife some pointers on how the game should be played, the First Lady seemed the eager student.
''It was sort of like, 'Wouldn't it be fun to put on a show,' '' Ms. Leiber said.
By the 1920's, young women would be working in retail sales and in offices.
All doctors can really do is treat the symptoms.
Clemens returned to the Yankees' dugout after pitching another inning in the thick heat and said drolly, ''I think they just dumped a pail of water on the rocks.''
4:24:01 16291 Park, S, 59M .
I don't want E-mail, I want real mail.
That sleepless farmer is Neil Robson, owner of Robson Farm in Wrightstown.
In Super Bowl XXVII in January 1993 against Buffalo, Lett was prancing down the sideline and holding the football with one hand, about to score a touchdown, when the ball was knocked from his hands.
*Henry Hudson sailing the Half Moon upriver.
The NATO Secretary General, Javier Solana, called the bombing of the embassy ''a tragic mistake.''
Friends may call at the Vander Plaat Funeral Home, 257 Godwin Ave, Wyckoff, NJ on Friday 7-9PM.
Certainly not freer trade with Canada, milk and dairy farmers told August Schumacher, Undersecretary of Agriculture, because the United States would be the loser.
''It's fun,'' he replies, a slightly incredulous look on his face, as if he can't fathom why I would ask.
People can see for themselves.''
The Palestinian Cabinet meanwhile rejected Mr. Barak's plan for beginning final status talks, insisting that the Wye agreement be carried out first.
The comedian and writer Steve Martin, who was master of ceremonies at the dinner, said that when he was first asked to be the host of the event, he thought it was for the National Basketball Association.
Import prices fell in June after rising for three consecutive months as the cost of oil and other imports declined, the Labor Department reported today.
But lost in the hullabaloo was an interesting footnote: New York is not the only place in the state with a commuter tax.
Against a backdrop of small-town America, Vice President Al Gore took his first formal step out of President Clinton's shadow today, announcing his quest for the Presidency and pledging to ''bring a new wave of fundamental change to this nation.''
''The votes for expansion just weren't there,'' said Representative John E. Sweeney, a Republican from upstate New York who has helped marshal pro-compact forces.
On Tuesday, from 6:30 to 7:30 P.M., the topic will be preparing a level, waterproof surface with good drainage.
It showed most clearly on special teams, where new players and backups are expected to execute precise snaps, kicks and coverages.
For example, the structure of the ear alters some high-frequency components (known as overtones) of sounds projected from the rear.
The characterizations are not as subtle, and it might seem as if he has gone over the top with his caricature of a ruthless real estate mogul who torches his home, his artworks and his wife (but not his little Yorkie, because, as Jack notes, ''people will never burn the pooch'') for the insurance money.
Sure, the Final Four also has a magical sound to it, for it would end Coach Jim Calhoun's painful quest.
In many ways, Mr. Smith represented the kind of recruit that the World Church of the Creator and groups like it are increasingly trying to attract: young, educated, energetic, articulate.
His friends passed round a bottle of Johnnie Walker Red Label, swigging huge gulps from the bottle.
A symposium, ''Issues of Authenticity in Chinese Art,'' is to be held from 9:45 A.M. to 5 P.M. on Dec. 11.
The tribute, held at the Lucille Lortel Theater in Greenwich Village, was attended by dozens of the actors, directors, producers and writers who had been supported by Miss Lortel during her seven decades in the theater.
The two friends struck a deal.
Blue,'' have been viewed by critics as more realistic and hard-edged.
A weak Marilyn Monroe imitation from the roommate's girlfriend doesn't make the setting any more plausible.
'99 P/E: 14.07 Union Bankshares nnm: ubsc Gold Banc, a community banking and financial services concern in Kansas, agreed to acquire the bank in a $66 million stock swap.
It causes you to try harder, relax less, be more aggressive and chase pitches.
The Administration and European Governments have appealed to Ukraine to shut down the trade and they have asked Cyprus to freeze Mr. Milosevic's bank accounts, American and NATO officials said.
And if that conflicts with what the administration's priorities are -- I don't want it to, but if it does -- so be it.''
He worked on the staffs of Massachusetts General and McLean Hospitals while at Harvard.
title to De La Hoya on April 12, 1997.
''It was made abundantly clear by the owner that Thistle Brown was the primary tenant of this apartment,'' the broker said in the affidavit, referring to Miss Brown by her nickname, and would ''be returning in the early part of the Fall.''
Revenue rose less than 1 percent, to $3.45 billion from $3.43 billion.
Todd Haimes, the artistic director of both the Roundabout Theater Company and Livent, will be an adviser to the new company.
In fact, we are looking for a lost period of civilization, a period of innocent expectation, of family beach picnics, coleslaw, outdoor showers and bunk beds, before real estate prices skyrocketed, before the traffic became unbearable, before setbacks or environmental consciousness -- when houses could still be designed to burrow into the side of a dune or hover over wetlands.
Tonight was a starkly different story, though, as the Broncos largely muted Atlanta's offense in a 34-19 victory at Pro Player Stadium.
Liberty therefore looks east, across the Atlantic, to the Old World, Mr. Moreno said.
Roberts's presumption that she has the right to berate anyone who is not ready to be stripped naked in public is an outrage.
The mall's multiscreen movie complex was unaffected.
We would be firing strictly semiautomatic today.
Unemployment in eastern Germany is twice that in western Germany.
There is significant relevant new evidence from the Vernon Jordan deposition and from the Sidney Blumenthal deposition.
I went out there and played with all of those guys in my heart to let them know that what they put forth on this team I appreciate, and I'm going to go out there and do the same.''
After jumping from the wall, Mr. Wu charged into the old prison, yanking open doors and testing locks, trying to calculate how many prisoners occupied each cell.
''But I'd sacrifice a few lesser Henry James novels.''
He added, ''The question nobody asked, let alone answered, was was it necessary.
Temple Beth Sholom notes with profound sorrow the passing of our beloved member, Albert Cohen.
''It was the happiest day of her life.''
Retail experts generally think the company is on the right track.
In his speech, Mr. Mbeki, hoarse from influenza, paid tribute to the ''masses'' who had propelled the A.N.C.
He tersely answered a few procedural questions posed by the Federal magistrate, Carolyn Turchin, and spoke up only once in the seven-minute hearing, to correct her when she read his name, adding ''Junior'' after she said Buford O. Furrow.
There is indisputably a whiff of eccentricity about Ms. Becket's enterprise.
Hummus is mellow and lemony, while kidney beans cooked with tomato, potato, carrots and garlic and served in olive oil sound earthier, deeper notes.
Union officials say that about 85 percent of the workers at New York's major hotels belong to unions.
Most victims are young rural women.
Meanwhile, he said, one way to keep risk to a minimum is to ascertain whether a property belongs to a national, state or local association; such organizations usually inspect properties and monitor standards.
She is your fun, laid-back girlfriend, not your censorious mom.
''I used to play the parts where I used to get the girl that looks like Amy,'' he said at the party on Tuesday, referring to another member of the cast, AMY SMART.
''I think I played a lot better than Tuesday,'' Coetzer said.
Without realizing with whom he's dealing, Dave goes for it.
Chucky Brown averages 20 minutes as a starter.
And when the President appointed 10 people to the United States Holocaust Memorial Council in December, Mr. Kushner was one of them.
He recalled that for the early hearings he convened on the topic, getting news coverage was impossible.
The horse resumes its canter.
In their latest move, the Jets are about to sign Scott Zolak as the backup quarterback to Vinny Testaverde.
What empathy the movie generates comes from Mr. Osment's intense portrayal of the tormented child (Holden).
''People feel they have no voice,'' he said.
Oolong is between the two: more processed than green tea but less so than black tea.
The word rainbow will figure later in the story, as will the curious fact that the pianist at the party, Nick Nightingale (Todd Field), knew Bill at medical school and is playing a downtown engagement at a place called the Sonata Cafe.
This ominous ''species jump'' prompted another Government action.
A11 New Sanctuary in King's Name Members of Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta left the cramped sanctuary where the Rev.
True, it has Italy's leading university.
''Most of the time, it was Milosevic talking,'' said Dr. Nazir Uddin Khaja, president of the board of the American Muslim Council.
The shop and tearoom are on the corner.
Beat together the yolk and water.
All rooms have kitchens; a two-bedroom suite is $119.
(Mr. Hooker, 82, was not just a recipient of a lifetime achievement award but also a philanthropist who donated his $25,000 award to the foundation.)
''Three tables, 25 journalists, and we rotated, and not one had anything nice to say about it.''
''If there is power shift, the situation can only get worse for the north,'' Mr. Rimi said in his private conference room, as scores of men waited outside for an audience.
But by 2008, the overcrowded American University of Cairo -- whose graduates include Suzanne Mubarak, the wife of the Egyptian President, and Queen Rania of Jordan -- is to move to a two-million-square-foot campus on 260 acres in the now-barren suburb.
As a result, viewers respond to the programming in a new way.
Three crows foraging beside the black rubber feed pans seemed to stand watch over their shadows, except that there are no shadows on a day like this.
Of the towns being split, only Dennis Township has heard no objections.
''There is no one general answer to that,'' she said.
Career lawyers in the various state governments had filed the briefs on Georgia's side.
The same year, Mr. Pataki named Mr. Boyle to the board of the Westchester County Medical Center, which has had business ties to Mr. Pirro.
Not a shot was fired as Mr. Sharif and his Government fell.
Obituaries noted that ''she'' claimed to have had an affair with President Kennedy.
This is an abdication of responsibility that makes her a perpetrator as well.
I didn't like to think what would happen if it broke loose.
I see this as a real breakthrough: a new lease on life for seniors, often lonesome and infirm.
Appearing live, she seems to interact playfully with photographic cutouts of people that are actually only a few inches high (Johnson).
In the years since Dr. Burkitt's observation, dozens of studies have looked for corroborating evidence.
''This harbor holds a whole century of American maritime architecture and ship types,'' Mr. Eagleton said after a tour of the Kill van Kull, the channel separating Staten Island and Bayonne, N.J.
William Kovacic, a professor at the George Washington University law school, observed that Judge Jackson's writing on the harm Microsoft has caused consumers includes ''phrases of elegance reminiscent of Learned Hand,'' referring to the often quoted federal judge.
Local officials say the transportation department's plan will rob the station of its historic charm, while posing security risks to the commuters from Westport and other municipalities who use the station.
Donations to the Santa Clara United Way, the 30th largest in the nation, are expected to total $20 million in the current campaign, down 40 percent from the $32.6 million, adjusted for inflation, that the organization raised nine years ago.
He fired his first replacement, John Leland, after less than a year.
It may not have quite the thrills, but you're sure to walk away with a little of Wall Street's mad money.
The Hotel Burnham is owned by Canal Street Hotel L.L.C.
But that doesn't mean I'm all masculine, that through reincarnations, dreams, fantasies, you can't be a woman too.''
Until September, Ms. Frias had been stuck inside her apartment, betrayed by an electric wheelchair that broke nearly three years earlier.
The refugee agency more often than not finds itself being criticized in large emergencies, officials say, contending that there is a limited amount they can do with a small budget if United Nations member nations do not act quickly to provide money and equipment.
That is because many stores make more than 20 percent of their sales in the holiday period, according to the National Retail Federation.
Banks are now required to report all transactions of more than $10,000 to the Federal Government as part of the secrecy act, which is intended to discourage tax evasion and money laundering.
This was largely attributable to the rebound in Japanese equities.
Republicans acknowledged that the President requested consideration of all the controversies together, but they said they had never agreed to that procedure.
Produced, written and directed by Claude Berri (R, 116 minutes).
Thirteen at the time and working as a baby sitter for Ms. Udogwu's sister in Nigeria, she was told that if she went to the United States she could immediately attend trade school, learn to sew and live a better life, officials say.
The sleuths are Al Benjamin (Joe Pantoliano), an impulsive, obsessive New York State tax investigator, and Joseph Romero (Wade Dominguez), a bright young Russian-speaking police officer.
Hours: daily, 10 A.M. to 10 P.M. Tickets: $13.95; $12.95 for the elderly; $6.95 for children.
Thorkild, meanwhile, has undertaken a search of his own.
''I had a phenomenal show,'' Mr. Morgan said.
The incident carried subtle racial undertones; the idea that black-on-white crime always elicits harsher penalties -- the N.B.A.
She walked on and became a leading player on the women's volleyball team.
With hundreds of tribal members and chiefs in attendance savoring ancient ritual and hopeful speeches, the museum, scheduled to open in 2002, was hailed as a long overdue antidote to centuries of racist stereotyping, broken land treaties and Federal ''civilization regulations'' that failed to rein in rich tribal cultures with a policy of assimilation.
Mr. and Mrs. Bates were at the scene.
Not everyone is thrilled, especially the organizers of the marathon.
It was a picture that perfectly expressed Michelet's outlook, equating religion with superstition, endowing ordinary people with a potentially revolutionary energy and satisfying the Romantic taste for melodramatic conflict.
Mr. Goldstein also said in his statement that he had carried out other violent attacks before the subway incident.
ENTER THE NIGHT By Maria Irene Fornes; directed by Sonja Moser; sets by Christine Jones; costumes by Gabriel Berry; lighting by Jane Cox; sound by Glen Tarachow; production stage manager, Vincent J. DeMarco; production manager, Brian R. Duea.
The health insurance industry resents the anecdotal barrage.
The final ballot is not in on 6 Na4 Qa5 7 c3 Bd4 8 Qd4 Nf6 9 Nc5 Nc6 10 Qe3 O-O 11 Nb3 Qa4 12 Bd3 b6 13 O-O Ba6, though it worked for Black in a Topalov-Short game in Novgorod 1997.
He adjusted the strap and then waded in, trembling.
''There's more than enough restaurant business for both properties,'' he said.
And by examining what these top performers have in common, you can learn a lot about how to invest in funds.
A Slight Hint At Their Motive Jorge Rodriguez Gonzalez also said Fernando hinted at a motive.
But as they left the plane they were amazed to find the team's 84-year-old owner, Leon Hess, standing and waiting for them.
The inquiry is examining payments for speeches he made about the Balkans while he was a special envoy to the region.
But the company's vice president, Robert Land, said it has plans to put a fleet of jets in the air to service markets that are currently underserved by the established airlines.
In the first half, Houston slipped away from Dan Majerle to receive a pass, but when he spun and launched a shot, Mourning was there to block it.
Vibe was purchased from Time Inc. in early 1996.
In 1989, a cook was found dead by his family's cemetery plot.
Ruthie was a pioneer in creating high fashion for pets.
Handgun Control has run radio spots during the Senate and House debates on gun bills earlier this year, but the organization decided to make one last push with television.
It turns out that even though Mr. Lucas can be a shrewd businessman, he is surprisingly soft-hearted and emotional, someone who can hardly speak more than five sentences without uttering something about ''compassion'' and ''love.''
So were American executives, but for different reasons.
A5 Nigeria Prepares for Election Presidential candidates wound up a week of campaigning that offered the country no clearer picture of ideology or plans to tackle the deep-rooted economic, political and social problems.
Marco Balaguer sees things differently.
''In order to fully recover,'' the young doctor says solemnly, ''you're going to have to make some lifestyle changes.''
All try to prevent the unpreventable.
President Khatami, you trounced your opponents in the presidential election last year, winning 70 percent of the vote.
After we completed the loop, we headed inside to the museum's restaurant, Rozzelle Court.
And there were dedicated publishers who fostered their talents, like the Bremer and the Cranach presses in Germany, Nonesuch and Ashendene in England, and Grabhorn and Merrymount in the United States.
''You got to go with calls.
And even in the lyrical ''Jules and Jim,'' Jeanne Moreau's femme fatale shatters her love triangle by driving herself and her lover off a bridge.
She encountered it in Kandinsky's writing on art and in the Theosophy of Rudolf Steiner (whom she knew).
She takes flying lessons, and she is already a confirmed skydiver, having jumped out of a plane in upstate New York for the first time in May.
The employer had no right to go through the officer's files simply because they were on the company's computer, Mr. Bobbitt argued.
''That's why I advise boards to deal with objective characteristics -- like finances -- rather than with subjective feelings.''
Junior was away at school when the greatest catastrophe to befall the Gotti family occurred -- the 1980 traffic accident that killed Junior's younger brother, Frank.
Beloved father of Michael and Jennifer.
In that time, they never made Vaughn an offer he could accept.
Weekend activities include a bird walk with the naturalist Debbie Becker on Saturdays and Sundays at 12:30 P.M.
He declined to explain why.
Hewlett-Packard now reports earnings on a continuing-operations basis, separating the contribution of the business units that will be spun off as Agilent.
And so, analysts say, the more likely issues to be repurchased are those due from 2015 to 2025 with coupons of between 7 and 9 percent.
Earlier this month, Mattel reported a $17.9 million loss, or 7 cents a share, for the first quarter of 1999 and said revenue fell 2 percent, to $692.1 million.
Judge Michael A. Higgins of the Sixth District Court of Rhode Island in Providence officiated at the Astors' Beechwood, the house museum in Newport.
''Kids were making enormous amounts of money, the league began marketing them more, they were seen a lot more on TV.''
Or perhaps Miller is about to add cruelly to New York's post-season misery, waiting as always for the proper moment to deliver his team and demoralize Spike Lee's.
''Some write their adopted grandparent, others send money, some send new blankets or sheets,'' Ms. Russell said.
''I want to treat the kids here with the same expectations as my own biological children,'' he said.
The corporation is led, of course, by some people's notion of the nightmare client -- a volatile former prosecutor, the temperamental antithesis of Mr. Hess.
As Trisha fights to stay alive, King demonstrates his empathy for the inner lives of children and an outdoorsman's knowledge of the edible wild flora of Maine (Trisha survives on checkerberries, beechnuts and fiddlehead ferns).
You understand how to control the body and muscles.''
But when asked, Mr. Pataki insisted, ''We're not going to raid funds.''
Three years ago, Dr. Worthington, along with other foreign faculty members, formed a union to pressure the university into offering them the same treatment it accorded its Japanese staff.
''The world of video conferencing is wild and woolly,'' said Peter Heymann, a vice president of Vidwatch.com in Tacoma, Wash., which operates chat rooms and monitors the G-rated ones.
The potential for trouble is why Mr. Safdar, of Mindshare Internet Campaigns, recommends a light touch for companies when they intercede in on-line discussions.
She once headed collectives, and now sells Communist newspapers on the street.
''Now your job is to get over me,'' he told students graduating from the two-year program.
Mr. Bush said, ''I am outraged and appalled by what appears to be a purely racially motivated crime.''
Would I like to participate, Seymour asked?
But the show lost as best musical revival to ''Annie Get Your Gun.''
At the start of his article, Albert Innaurato (Sept. 26) reminds the reader that ''the finest musical theater is, after all, a direct descendant of tacky operettas and vaudeville.''
's mandatory challenger to Trinidad.
The market hardly seemed to warrant any cloak and dagger.
The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index rose 4.62 points, to 1,256.62.
Reports in the Middle East last week quoted the Iraqi leader as predicting a ''crucial'' showdown with the United States.
To the average theatergoer, not much.
Then he said, ''I want us to defend with the desperation of underdogs and play with the poise of favorites.''
The police have recovered statuary valued at more than $1 million, and they say that is only one-tenth of the booty.
''That kind of approach cannot be taken into the White House,'' Mr. Gore said, describing Mr. Bush as ''a person who carries water -- dirty water -- for the chemical industry.''
They were tougher, more physical.
He also mounted his own offensives, saying that the tax cut he has proposed provides economic relief for some low-income people and noting that Mr. McCain's plan does not.
Beloved wife of John L. Casey.
The students said such disclosure was needed to enable outside monitors, like human rights groups, to determine whether factory conditions were adequate.
All that may be wrong, of course.
Dessert is not a strong suit.
conducts the negotiations with the union,'' he said.
Nowhere has the giddiness over technology been more pronounced than in Hong Kong.
But if people want to avoid being cheated, law-enforcement officials and security experts caution, they must learn to recognize and avoid the risks of on-line shopping.
An explosion tore through a packed south London street market today, leaving more than 40 people wounded by flying nails, shattered glass and debris.
''If there is a deal -- assuming there is a deal -- the only way this is going to succeed is if both the administration and Congress get behind this historic opportunity,'' said Howard Kohr, executive director of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee.
Into the breach steps the jaded, sardonic Everett, who isn't the type to play hero, but .
Heat a large skillet over medium heat and melt 1 tablespoon butter.
Calculating Costly Mistakes ALTHOUGH experts believe medical mistakes happen with alarming frequency, there is scant research to document them.
They were herdsmen, roaming about with their families and animals.
Maurice Greene and Inger Miller were named yesterday as the men's and women's winners of the Jesse Owens Memorial Award for 1999.
The spasms of Sunday morning talk-show soundbites have subsided, leaving Mr. Brill in his offices with the fluorescent lights and the shabby blue carpet to contemplate this lingering question: Are 600,000 Americans really interested in a magazine about journalists?
We extend our condolences to the entire family, and may they be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.
The reason I like him is that in many endearing and a few worrisome ways, he reminds me of a number of my favorite living friends.
Serve in large bowls, with 1 egg per person.
From the earliest days of the republic, Kings County was a bread, meat and milk basket for New York.
The three investors and Kirch, which is privately held and rarely divulges financial information, have been talking for several months about joining forces to create a pan-European television production powerhouse.
AND IT'S ALL SMALL STUFF, by Richard Carlson.
Mr. Siders quickly began working on the turf he knew best: the road.
I think it's involuntary, and I also think it's inexcusable after a certain period.
The frustrations of the mayor's advisers came only months after the city's fiscal 2000 budget had been passed, with a nearly $40 million increase for homeless services -- including money for up to six new shelters for 350 more families.
The White House urged Congress to approve a $12.8 million increase in annual spending for the battle, nearly doubling the current spending.
The proposals are still in tentative form, and aides said working out the details would be difficult.
You might as well build a club in Montclair, New Jersey.''
The reasons for this rising demand are not much more precise than its statistical dimensions.
Speech recognition is still a dream for Palm owners.
Earlier in the spring, Nelson suggested that the starting pitchers had to take more responsibility in protecting the hitters, that the Yankees' relievers always had to do the dirty work of knocking down or hitting opposing hitters, when necessary.
Denis Leary is effective as one of their leaders, as is Colm Meany as his paranoid rival, in Ted Demme's film, which ''is remarkable for the skills with which it gets under the skins of its largely unsympathetic characters and makes you care about them'' (Stephen Holden).
The Partners, Associates and staff of Goldberg, Weprin and Ustin, LLP, express their deep sorrow on the untimely death of Samuel Sanders, a renowned artist and distinguished gentleman.
After a few choruses the drummer Marcus Baylor switched to swinging on the ride cymbal while Ms. Wilson plunged into scat singing, delivering long, smoky tones.
2 2 32 THE GREATEST GENERATION, by Tom Brokaw.
Qualcomm, the cell phone technology developer, jumped 30 3/8, to a record 294 5/16.
And the improvements that are possible could result in the greater use of tailored enzymes, rather than chemicals, as catalysts in industry.
But ask players what they have to do to win, and they usually answer, ''I hope I'll make a few putts.''
Defenseman Manson, who was also on the bench at the time, grabbed Shields.
I assumed, from the proud proclamation that the present CD's contain nothing but ''unabridged original versions,'' that I would finally get to hear it.
Larry Rohter (NYT) MEXICO: BALANCING THE BOOKS -- The Mexican Treasury showed a surplus of about $456 million during the first quarter of 1999 because of budget cuts and increased tax collection, measures undertaken to cushion an expected drop in revenues caused by falling petroleum prices.
''Because to me, this is as important as Ireland is to the Irish, Israel to the Jews.
Now Childs gave the Big L as a salute to his fallen comrade.
According to Dr. Lieberman, people lie because they harbor a fear of either having something taken away from them or of not obtaining what they desire.
Dick Schultz will step down as the executive director of the United States Olympic Committee next year as part of an organizational restructuring.
''STIR OF ECHOES,'' starring Kevin Bacon and Kathryn Erbe.
(''I was doing my duty,'' says a hit-squad commander of his ''preventive assassinations.'')
Then the students tracked down a nephew of Ms. Jackson in jail, who said he had heard Mr. Simon confess his guilt.
''Every week my mother would ask, 'When are you going to come home and see me?
The number of new corporate bankruptcies has fallen sharply.
I think it took them about a day to realize that no lobbyist was going to get the best of Moira.''
The store has CD's lined up in the center of its stark white walls in only two rows.
Even those laws that do govern the foreign-flagged cruise industry are often ignored or bent.
Recently he accompanied Luciano Pavarotti during a holiday appearance on ''Saturday Night Live.''
Hours earlier, the judge had gone to Westchester Medical Center in Valhalla to sentence the father, Gregory DePalma, who had admitted to gambling, extortion, labor racketeering and tax crimes.
The resulting tales can range from uproarious to touching.
All of a sudden at this audition I was standing there in front of people I had never seen before, children from the entire Chicago area, from all different schools.
The accommodations in Mr. Derevyanko's lodge are primitive, and there is nothing more comfortable anywhere nearby.
Our response has been Lilliputian.
''With this ruling, the Turkish side has ignored the call by the Kurdish side for a peaceful settlement of the war.''
That he did it against the Giants -- a team the Jets will face again in the regular season -- gave added significance to the feat.
''My sister is moving out here from Queens,'' she said, ''and she just bought a house on the same block.''
Vodafone would almost certainly be forced to sell Orange to placate regulators because it would have a stranglehold on the British mobile phone market.
The European Union rejected the charges and began legal action against France this month.
Benes allowed all four runs and five hits in six innings, while Smoltz gave up five runs and nine hits in eight innings.
The shares in yesterday's offering came from a 67.7 percent stake held by Thomson S.A., a French government holding company.
If the recent gains are not just a temporary blip, it suggests that the Federal Reserve can be less fearful of inflation and keep interest rates stable rather than be forced to raise them to cool off what would otherwise be considered an overheated economy.
Her husband was killed in the war, and she is left with two small children and one more on the way.
My sense of life has always been that every day is potentially a holiday, a day of joy, which is to say that no day is.
''Local leaves are being turned into local compost for use in local parks and ball fields,'' Ms. Hirst said.
The program, which gives low-income children up to 90 percent of the tuition at private or parochial schools, was invalidated because its inclusion in a state budget bill violated an Ohio law requiring a bill to deal with only one subject.
In Texas, it is now illegal to seek legal advice from a computer program.
Dutch officials said that some of the work was held off until the Scottish authorities were reasonably sure that the two men would be handed over.
The biggest deals of Sumner Redstone's life have featured bitter takeover battles, lots of debt and some of the strangest securities ever seen on Wall Street.
May they be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.
Besides being an ideally intimate place for chamber music, the Bargemusic series keeps attracting a core of loyal and excellent performers, including this weekend.
The runners will start about 10:50 a.m. on the Staten Island side of the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge.
''There are lots of licensed plumbers who can install the meters,'' he said.
The radiant soprano Juliana Rambaldi was the vulnerable Catherine, who learns too late that Eddie will baby her as long as she acts like a baby.
I walked across the street and into a subway that was a bit dingier and lonelier than in my memories, bought five tokens for $5.75, and headed east, in the direction of the bed and breakfast I'd booked, the Shippen Way Inn.
But only with the bombing early yesterday of the Serbian Interior Ministry in Belgrade did the alliance begin to appear ready to place Mr. Milosevic's jugular in its sights.
At less hectic fishing spots, noise or movement can spook game fish, alerting them to predators.
She encouraged him to come out.
The ball rocketed toward the right field stands; there was no question it was a home run.
A team of local and federal German police officers found Mr. Frankel in his hotel room shortly before 9 P.M. German time.
And then the evening really began.
Bowman made her New York debut in the 1920 edition of the revue ''George White's Scandals.''
Each is crouching with its right knee raised and its left tucked beneath the body.
But just hours after the attack, President Andres Pastrana defiantly signed the extradition papers for Mr. Lara, Mr. Flores and a Cuban, Sergio Gonzalez.
4:45:39 21541 Buerger, A, 50F .
The names here, like those of the side streets -- Dundee Street, Cinnamon Street, Brewhouse Lane, Java Court -- are a haphazard litany of the places with which Wapping once traded and the commodities that passed through the area, interspersed with names from a still earlier incarnation.
But the return of a 480 B.C.
It is built on French soil and run by a kind of public joint venture between France and Switzerland with board members from each country along with representatives from Germany -- a fast-growing sector of the airport's business.
The effect was dreamily amorphous with barely a hint of the tension or terror one might have expected.
What he mostly does now is design golf courses.
Mr. Steinberg recommends several other composers, but with maybe two exceptions they are, like the Atonal Triumvirate, all toughies.
There are three categories of Nazi-era victims who would ultimately receive the money.
Picasso probably wasn't very comfortable grafting a political agenda onto his art because in the end his art was, like everything else in his life, about him.
''Tomorrow we'll start in on them,'' she said, smiling.
Beloved husband of Janis Cunningham Coneys.
I got so nervous, I had to back off.
Sam Hinds, who resigned as Prime Minister to make way for Mr. Jagdeo, will be reappointed Prime Minister on Wednesday.
A second theme is the Internet.
Many gardeners say spring never truly arrives until the forsythia blooms.
The new structure will create a new position unthinkable under the old structure: vice president for European vehicle development, to be filled by Martin R. Leach.
Terry Press, the marketing chief at Dreamworks who has organized the Oscar campaign for ''Saving Private Ryan,'' said tartly, ''I'm running a competitive and respectful campaign.''
He let himself be rolled on an interview he should have seen coming.
And there are some really big winners, who often have a stake in their own ventures.
''We're not going to hang around in Macedonia until there is a grand signing ceremony in front of flags and cameras.''
Visiting hours 24 and 7-9 P.M. Friday, Austin F. Knowles, Inc., Funeral Home, 128 Main Street, Port Washington.
BUT after the focus group's moderator asked about the general presentation, another woman suggested that the ad focus ''a little less on him -- he's not real photogenic.''
DURING the last year, the executives of some of the largest drug companies must have taken a marketing course or two from the Girl Scouts or the folks at the Miss America Pageant.
His discography as an accompanist is huge.
A32 SCIENCE/HEALTH Findings on Birth Procedures A study of 600,000 births suggests that if a woman is already in labor, delivery by forceps or a vacuum tool is as safe as a Caesarean section.
The Philadelphia Orchestra's more telling act of commitment to its era may be its centennial commissions: eight composers have been asked by the orchestra to create works to be performed over the next three seasons.
Even now, years after his editorship, his defenders and his attackers talk about him with equal vehemence.
As John Franco put it after the Mets' 4-2 loss to Montreal on Sunday, ''Now, it will feel like spring training is finally over.''
The patient was given two antibiotics intravenously, but when Dr. Wienert began to cut away the infected skin, he said, it looked ''suspicious, like cooked flesh.''
As Jeremy Hammond, the vice president and director of marketing for MCA Records put it, ''If this show captures people's imaginations the way we hope it will, with CBS pushing it on television and MCA's marketing muscle behind it, we could sell millions of CD's.''
A page of revolutionary history, an impression of World War II, a Hollywood satire and an extraordinary horror thriller lend spice to the start of a new year of films on television.
''One of the most common reactions we heard was, 'How could we have missed that stuff all these years?'
''I don't know what the problem is, why some people are against it,'' Mr. Abu Ahmad said.
But the newspapers contained some gaping holes by the time she handed them over.
Though based on the 17th-century fairy tale by Charles Perrault, in which Bluebeard has killed his many wives, Dukas's opera finds them alive but imprisoned; Ariane discovers them through her ceaseless curiosity.
His wife, Jane Hamilton Elliott, died several years ago.
But it has drawn stiff opposition from its neighbors in Suffolk County, along with environmentalists and politicians, since officials learned that tritium, a radioactive isotope of hydrogen, had been leaking from the tiled tank beneath the reactor that held spent fuel.
I was not ready to play.''
It is the reliable, enduring appeal of the sport that is convincing some television executives inside and outside the networks that the financial risks of meeting the N.F.L.
Today, as in the 1920's, the Wrigley company remains the world's largest chewing gum maker, with about 50 percent of the American market and more than $2 billion in sales in 1998.
The boys come and go.
I'd have built this thing in New Jersey if it had been possible.
We stood in the audience (too late to get one of the spots on the benches), seeing the musicians, pros to a man, disappear into the music they were making.
Loving father of Robin, Susan and Norman J.
Sponsored by Street Smarts N.Y. Information: (212) 969-8262.
For his part, Bujar could not stop thinking about what he was leaving behind.
Donations in his memory may be made to Princeton University, Hitchcock Presbyterian Church or Mystic Seaport, Mystic, CT. A memorial service will be held, 11 AM Tues. April 6 at Hitchcock Presbyterian Church.
They agreed to stop all attacks inside the Congolese city of Kisangani at the end of talks between President Yoweri Museveni of Uganda and Rwanda's powerful Vice President and Defense Minister, Paul Kagame.
The Rockets, who have made a habit this season of coughing up big leads, kept up the assault.
Overflowing toilets in the 240-acre Woodstock campground bothered many other people.
Hours: Sundays through Thursdays, 10 A.M. to 5:45 P.M.; Fridays and Saturdays, 10 A.M. to 8:45 P.M.
''I am deeply disturbed by these actions and expect swift and sweeping changes from the association if there is any hope for preserving the compact.''
Mrs. Hookey rose from her chair in a basement classroom of the mansion-cum-school and wrote these initials on the blackboard: YBYJ.
''I like Rick's leadership style, the way he reaches out to all people, despite the color of their skin or what part of town they grew up in,'' said Mr. Watts, who ranks fourth in the House Republican leadership.
The only way to do that is to give Camby, Sprewell and Houston greater latitude as the playoffs progress.
We've all played every position in the secondary.
Schnittke's music is both welcomed and condemned for its accessibility.
''The courts have come down very hard on it.''
Still, for those in the trenches of the building business, keeping their balance can require a juggler's touch.
''The President testified truthfully before the grand jury,'' it said.
Starting with a pasty curry base, the chef adjusts the flavors, aromas and textures of each sauce, making it thicker or thinner, amplifying certain gingery or vinegary notes or adding chilies to increase the heat when appropriate.
By the time he left office, he said this week, the program was starting to work.
That seems less likely now.
For cooking, I prefer Bosc pears.
Usually, the top players and their families arrive for the National Football League draft full of hope and optimism and leave with even more.
True, Mr. Bashmet's transcription robs this work of some obvious contrasts, but it proves a fine showcase for the violist's heartfelt, charismatic bowing.
SIREN SONG Alluring and enticing With a magic undertone.
As Jean-Luc Godard cannily observed, movies once brought with them the guarantee that what they showed once actually existed, if only in the form of Cecil B. DeMille's Red Sea made of Jell-O, parting to allow an optically printed column of Israelites to dash for freedom.
Hours: Wednesdays through Sundays, noon to 5 P.M. Tickets: $4; $2 for children.
So if there's any consolation to the Jets' not qualifying for Super Bowl XXXIII, it's that Parcells will surely remain to finish his job.
But anxiety eased considerably when North Korea agreed to suspend the tests if the United States relaxed trade restrictions imposed at the end of the Korean War.
How can investors protect themselves from being bagged by a bad acquisition?
In three previous visits, I tried to solve this mystery, talking to cousins who would never dream of leaving.
Even some who accept Mr. Rogers's rationale complain that he based his decisions on personal relationships and treated the dismissed employees shabbily, giving them just a few hours to clean out their desks.
The finished product runs on two AA batteries -- included -- and is made of hard plastic like the kind in a store-bought bike light.
Nicklaus will be on crutches for six weeks, and doctors want him to get plenty of rest before beginning rehabilitation.
Mr. Tantleff said he was ''under the belief'' that the Rogerses ''are not going to live up to the agreement.''
The Next Step Heli-skiing, generally run by private companies, is readily available in the western United States, Canada, Greenland, New Zealand, Scandinavia, Russia and other alpine areas.
Moran wanted to celebrate the region's unspoiled quality, especially its vegetation and the continuity of its traditions.
After the war, she married Hugo Coruzzi and enjoyed a deeply devoted and loving relationship blessed by the birth of three daughters.
''The driver who has been with me for a year generally makes in the mid $30,000's, which is pretty good for an unskilled person,'' said Mr. England, whose wage rates are roughly representative of the industry's.
''You tell people you live in Queens, and it's like 'Brigadoon,' '' she says.
From a barrage of inquiries over the years, it became clear that Beijing was eager to learn everything it could about shrinking the atomic trigger.
Maybe they can't shock us as they first did, but we go back to their performances again and again to learn about our bond with nature and our place in the universe.
4:11:00 12840 Benitez, M, 44M .
Distributors in the United States still have special bottles of the acclaimed 1988 and 1990 vintages of many houses, and most makers keep a few hundred or even a thousand bottles of other great years like 1978 and 1983 around for special occasions.
That is the kind of ''retreat'' even a conservative could grow to like.
With little money, name recognition, organization or governing experience, Mr. Keyes is running on his powerful voice, breathlessly wooing far-right voters with Boschian word pictures of schools that are ''places of death,'' taxpayers who are ''enchained slaves'' and children who have fallen into a ''howling moral void.''
WHAT THE PEOPLE KNOW Freedom and the Press.
4:37:20 19656 Cecchi, R, 58M .
* CHAVA ALBERSTEIN AND THE KLEZMATICS, Colden Center for the Arts, Queens College, (718) 793-8080.
One might even complain that Lear's temper tantrums are so sudden and unreasonable that the play is hard to take seriously as deep tragedy.
The parking bureau does have a policy for dealing with such inconsistencies.
The Dow Jones industrial average was off 66.67 points, or six-tenths of 1 percent, at 10,581.84, after giving back an early gain of more than 100 points.
He added that he even held out hope that he and Mr. Blumenthal could patch things up.
He also remarried after a whirlwind courtship with Jennifer Weatherford, a nurse whom he had met through a boyhood friend.
When asked for confirmation that Mr. Arnett was being let go in July, a spokeswoman, Maggie Simpson, said, ''We have no comment.''
OPEN Funk and Faxon Will Decide It Today Fred Funk and Brad Faxon were tied after 72 holes and one playoff hole of the B.C.
That will now be shifted to the Houston glass plant, which will be brought up to date.
STILL, there seems to be some confusion, said Paul Rissman, a senior vice president at Alliance Capital Management, who recently added to stakes in Coca-Cola Enterprises and Pepsi Bottling, both of which he calls ''incredibly cheap.''
Not surprisingly, the executive editor of The Hub, Gregory Bean, fired back in a column: ''If Geraldo had challenged us to a good, old-fashioned battle for coverage, for the attention and good will of our readers and advertisers, we would have happily obliged.
A more eloquent version of the politically appropriate nonanswer was offered by Tony Coelho, Mr. Gore's campaign chief, who said: ''Providing our seniors, our mothers, our grandparents with prescription drugs is something that Al Gore strongly believes in and that he will fight for without reservation.
Today men travel more than ever, for reasons as complex as their wardrobes.
In 1954 he returned to the United States to teach Church History at Nashotah House Episcopal Seminary near Milwaukee, WI.
Amex Could Face Rival for Funds The American Stock Exchange is facing some fierce competition for its most popular products, financial instruments known as exchange-traded funds, which blend the characteristics of mutual funds, closed-end funds and stocks.
The article mentioned a number of distinctive factors.
This is the way the series has evolved through the season.
The Free Aceh Movement, however, does not entirely speak and act as one.
For example, in several places and with the usual dash of ambiguity, the document proposes that most Catholic colleges and universities incorporate its norms into their statutes and other governing documents under American civil law.
This is not the way that political debate in Israel is conducted.''
Joe Girardi, who would be the starting catcher in four of the seven games, batted .367 with runners in scoring position, and something always seems to be happening when he's hitting: He's the most likely Yankee to drop a sacrifice bunt and to attempt a hit-and-run.
So bringing more than a half-dozen software developers to Brown to talk about hypertext was seen as something of a coup for Mr. Coover, who gives credit to his friend Jeffrey Ballowe, former president of the Ziff-Davis Interactive Media and Development Group, for pulling them together.
George E. Nichols, a 22-year-old management major at the Georgia Institute of Technology, put more than $1,500 of his student loan money in a mutual fund investing exclusively in high-flying Internet stocks.
Kenny Younger had 24 points for Houston and Gervin finished with 19, 17 in the second half.
''To focus on the violations is a mistake.''
Affiliated Computer, a provider of outsourcing and computer technology services based in Dallas, reported revenue of $451.3 million for the year ended June 30.
The plane was also carrying four Angolans, two Filipinos and a Namibian, Mr. Toure said.
That evening a group of 18 Americans from a bicycle tour took over one of the four salons in the chateau for drinks, and then headed en masse for dinner in a separate room.
He is survived by his son, Steven, of Brooklyn, New York, and his daughter, Carol, who lived with him; his sister, Esther Martin of North Wales, Pennsylvania, and his brother, Phil Atiyeh of Avon, Connecticut, and three grandchildren, John, Christopher, and Matthew.
Brett Hull, who scored the other, said his team is ''going through a trial period'' and that ''it will be better in the long run.''
To scrimp, he and his wife, Ina, sold their house in Roslyn and moved to Riverdale in the Bronx and still had trouble making the rent.
''But to be considered a relay candidate, too, with the number of rounds she has to go through, is remarkable.''
The ride is saddle-stiff in the European mode, but comfortable.
LEONARD RUBENSTEIN Executive Director Physicians for Human Rights Boston, Nov. 15, 1999
''I love the game,'' he said.
The Senate majority leader, Joseph L. Bruno of Rensselaer County, had talked about using one-third of the money for health care programs, one-third for tax cuts and one-third for debt reduction, but he refrained from criticizing Mr. Pataki's proposals today.
During his comments at the funeral, Mr. Sharpton appealed to Adrienne Hart, the 21-year-old Morristown woman who was riding with Mr.
Jean-Georges Vongerichten is using it in spring rolls at Vong, and Wayne Nish sprinkles it over lobster in a sauce based on Muscat Beaumes-de-Venise at March.
The three largest holdings will be General Electric, Boeing and UAL, parent of United Airlines.
''It's poking me every time I take a swing,'' she said, before sending another ball aloft.
3:10:13 1226 Boukorras, L, 31M .
In all, there are 44 separate medical modules in the center, plus a store and a 90-seat auditorium for medical meetings and conferences.
Rob Mims in Grand Forks, just as it was used before the cold war.
Silicon Graphics is expected to report its fiscal second-quarter results on Jan. 26; analysts surveyed by First Call expect a loss of 19 cents a share.
''We find it a little insensitive,'' John Gentile, first vice president of the Council of Supervisors and Administrators, said yesterday.
Elie will try to funnel him into Robinson and Duncan, so Houston will also need to stop and pop a good fadeaway.
It is the very fleeting nature of cherry blossoms -- the national flower -- that so appeals to the Japanese.
But yesterday, an injury -- the most common cause of personnel moves in the National Football League -- forced Fassel's hand.
A recent study by doctors at the University of Pennsylvania said it was alarmingly easy for consumers to get prescription drugs without seeing a physician or a pharmacist.
If you have luck and skill on your side, you are likely to win the battle.
The Web site assured her that the item was in stock and would be delivered before her deadline.
She is survived by her Husband Stephen, sons William of LaGrangeville, Stephen P. Jr. of Granada Hills, CA., Fintan O'Hare of White Plains, Rev.
Her mother-in-law is now a fan, and other countries are coming around.
A former ally of the Mayor turned bitter enemy, Mr. Hikind was relentless in gathering differing accounts.
Many Republicans said they were open to hearing about revisions, perhaps placing restrictions on prosecutors.
''This is a vital piece of private land that we've got a second chance on,'' Mr. Clark said.
''We intend to become synonymous with the word bride.''
They are unlikely to bring back linebacker Pepper Johnson.
They are in the middle of a civil war that threatens to rip the party in half and disrupt its nominating process.
And the hippie, vintage look in Catherine's wool poncho in diamond-patterned olive, plum and camel worn with a long skirt. ''
Among those scheduled to perform are the sopranos Kallen Esperian, Maria Guleghina and Maureen O'Flynn; the mezzo-sopranos Stephanie Blythe, Denyce Graves and Dolora Zajick; the countertenor David Daniels; the tenors Andrea Bocelli, Marcello Giordani and Neil Shicoff, and the baritones Sherill Milnes and Dwayne Croft.
Mr. des Ligneris explained each item and then pulled his props together to make a hypothetical wine, picking up the ''early bud break'' key, the smallest spigot for little rainfall, a large whistle for lots of wind, a big light bulb for abundant sunshine: and voila, a vintage like the super 1990.
In an effort to figure out whether time travel can ever be something more than a popular staple of science fiction, Mr. Thorne invented the notion of a ''wormhole,'' a sort of tunnel in space through which humans might travel back in time.
Brent Bogardus, a spokesman for Mr. Skelos, and Mr. McArdle denied that the event had anything to do with the Senate's Tuesday return.
I hope they will be able to come back soon.''
21032, (410) 849-3143; free catalogue.
In Paris, the United States Trade Representative, Charlene Barshefsky, held a brief meeting with China's Trade Minister, Long Yongtu, in the first effort to rekindle talks about getting China into the World Trade Organization this year.
The bridegroom is the son of Henry W. Rhodes Jr. of Chicago and the late Jeanne Labossiere Rhodes.
Wielding the telephone and matchmaking productions, she was a marvel of energy and integrity -- and she was still glamorous even in her 70's.
But nobody has ever called the hard-right Southern California Republican a quitter.
John N. Popham IV, who drove a green Buick 50,000 miles a year across the American South as the first northern newspaper correspondent to cover the region regularly, died in a Chattanooga hospital on Sunday.
Chocolate Pastry Dough 1 cup plus 3 tablespoons sifted powdered sugar 2 cups minus 2 tablespoons sifted pastry flour 1/3 cup almond flour (see note) 2 1/2 tablespoons cocoa powder 1/4 teaspoon vanilla powder (see note) 1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt 9 tablespoons cold, unsalted butter 1 large egg, lightly beaten.
Five female characters narrate this novel set in the Belgian Congo.
Opponents forced the President to withdraw his promise to let homosexuals serve in the military.
Why should this kind of equipment be treated differently?''
It was the only run off Ponson, who impressed the Mets.
Getting a target's phone records is often the starting point of an inquiry, investigators say.
pitcher to win four Cy Young Awards.''
He was headed back to New York after Sunday's game to have his right knee re-examined.
''With Hand, you get out of it what you put into it,'' he said.
5:19:32 27409 Haas, G, 52F .
If the staff sees a pattern developing, such as paying claims slowly, it approaches the company and take action to stop that practice, department officials said.
PEOPLE -- It seems they are recreating Soviet power here once again.
Analysts say, however, that it is nearly played out; the only new design still on the drawing board is the Airbus A3XX, which will have about 650 seats on two levels in one configuration and 550 seats, with beds and exercise rooms, in another.
4:22:50 15948 Horneff, W, 51M .
She caught drivers during their shift changes or breaks, at garages and at restaurant hangouts; she asked about their concerns, followed up with phone calls.
With songs like ''Our House,'' ''Shut Up'' and ''Embarrassment,'' they picked up British music-hall style by way of the Beatles while singing about the drabness of everyday English life.
In El Salvador, one of the highest crime rates in Latin America is attributed to the availability of arms after the war.
Kenneth Treaster, principal of the 950-student Hannibal Middle School, said, ''I can remember one kid riding a bike here in the three years I've been in this building.''
We shall ''Sing his Praise'' as we honor him, in loving remembrance of his life, at services today Thursday, June 10, at Riverside Chapel, 76 Street and Amsterdam Avenue, at 11:30 AM.
For Anatoly Chubais, it was a ''pact with the devil.''
It means that muscles have been stimulated to grow stronger as well as more resilient.
I didn't think I could give her the best care by turning her over to the state.''
The 8:20 P.M. start will allow most fans observing the holy day to catch much of it on television.
Tests showed that the man was not Callie's father and that Ms. Johnson was not her mother.
''There's a way to do it, and we just couldn't find it,'' he said.
The doors will open at 1:30 P.M. with seating available on a first-come, first-served basis.
RPI--Signed Dan Fridgen, men's hockey coach, to a contract extension through the 2002-03 season.
Some of Abner Louima's most vocal supporters want Justin Volpe's lawyer to apologize -- but for what, exactly?
Even though the courts in recent years have chipped away at similar race-based benefit programs across the country, the Mayor, Bill Campbell, has said he refuses to allow the same thing to happen in Atlanta, which is more than two-thirds black and is known as the cradle of the civil rights movement.
Before the market opened, Mr. Mayo cut his ratings on several big money-center banks to ''sell'' from ''hold'' on concern their profits might suffer in part from problems related to Year 2000 computer problems.
Anyway, he said, ''when it's grilled, the taste is wonderful -- in the freezer, it loses all taste.''
''I've gotten my career from their generosity,'' Mr. Snowden said.
Such a move by the central bank would erase all three of the quarter-point rate cuts made last fall in a successful effort to calm global financial markets after the devaluation of the Russian currency and the near-collapse of a major hedge fund.
Some senators said they were studying the possibility of a vote, after the verdict, about making the transcript of their deliberations public.
The department said Mr. Ovando was free to go but had chosen to stay.
A bicycle is stolen, prompting someone to remark, ''Italian neo-realism strikes again.''
Seidl specialized in the swelling crescendos of the ''Tristan'' Prelude and ''Liebestod.''
Another thing I had: there used to be chain links across the Hudson River at West Point, and the curator there was looking for a blacksmith who could make the same chain links.
The State Department told Congress today that the Commerce Department would have a voice but not a vote in approving the export of American-made satellites.
Two key spots early in the evening, showcasing new arrivals, were given over to Mr. Lamond and Mr. Crespo.
(Total roasting time will be about 3 hours.)
In fact, ''Cremaster 2'' doesn't really have much to do with gender or sexual identity in the end.
It would help preserve sites and benefit everyone -- museums and researchers as well as private collectors.''
CUBS 2, PADRES 1 Kevin Tapani's right shoulder is just fine.
India is trying to improve intellectual property rights to conform to World Trade Organization standards.
All a borrower has to do, he said, is make an additional payment of 8.5 percent of the monthly payment every month to end up making one extra monthly mortgage payment every year.
Sucking up fumes has never been my idea of the way to spend a summer day.
She wore a Women's National Basketball Association championship hat to conceal the scar on the left side of her head.
She never knows who will show up for lunch.
ARCO jumped 811/16 , to 741/16 , on the news, and the American depository receipts of BP Amoco gained 49/16 , to 105.
He must be his own judge.''
The Knicks improved to 5-3 with a victory over Philadelphia on Friday night, although a slow, inconsistent start and a heel injury to Latrell Sprewell raises serious questions as to whether they'll be in sync once the regular season moves into its second month.
JOE LAPOINTE DETROIT The Red Wings' Kris Draper was suspended by the National Hockey League for two games yesterday.
We checked in Atlantic City, Newark Airport, travel agents.
The company's two Elizabeth transfer stations have contracted with the New York Sanitation Department to accept 1,260 tons of garbage each day from New York City, which is seeking new ways to dispose of trash because the Fresh Kills landfill on Staten Island, which now takes most of the city's garbage, is scheduled to close in 2001.
A Hong Kong Disneyland has come to be regarded as an elixir for the depleted economy.
Mr. Wang recently got his first case of gonorrhea after unprotected sex with a prostitute.
Today they are zeroing in on genes.
The result is ''a witty and characteristically erudite book,'' David McKitterick said here in 1997.
For now, the issues revolve around technology that enables employers to watch and record what flies over their networks.
''We were disappointed,'' said Paul Beeston, the president of Major League Baseball.
Furthermore, many visitors are straying from the tourist sights and venturing into territory that residents more or less consider their own: the sidewalks of Greenwich Village; the lesser-known museums, like the Frick and the Asia Society, and the quiet neighborhood restaurants.
The documentary, which includes interviews with several of the creative participants in the earlier film (notably missing is the composer Philip Glass), reveals the nuts and bolts of a project that was filmed in Morocco on some of the same locations Mr. Scorsese used for ''The Last Temptation of Christ,'' with matte background drawings of the Himalayas evoking the mountainous terrain.
But after Tiger Woods broke the course record two years ago with his brilliant 18-under-par 270, it was probably only a matter of time until something like this happened.
''Dom's got a black belt,'' Sabres Coach Lindy Ruff said.
Now Mr. Muhigirwa has been elected to supervise one of 33 spigots that bring clean water from inside Mgahinga to 40,000 people outside the park.
Andersen Consulting said yesterday that Joe W. Forehand, a high-ranking partner with 27 years of experience at the firm, would be its new chief executive.
They Won It The mystery writer P. D. James and Steve Bochco, the producer and screenwriter whose credits include television hits like ''Hill Street Blues'' and ''N.Y.P.D.
The Ford Motor Company bought the car operations of Volvo this year mainly because Volvos have a strong worldwide image for safety and are popular with women and baby boomers.
One copy was now officially exempt from a magazine's usual fate as bird-cage liner or fish wrap.
Mr. Huizenga made his reputation by consolidating the garbage hauling and video rental industries, creating two corporate giants, Waste Management and Blockbuster.
The well-equipped, well-paid and well-trained United States Army fought admirably, and on at least two occasions, in Sicily in 1943 and Normandy in 1944, Gen. George Patton's Yanks outstripped Field Marshal Sir Bernard Montgomery's plodding British forces on their flank.
''I grew up very poor.
Poland had a strong Catholic tradition to build on.
To the Editor: Sometimes I read about a performance I have seen or heard -- usually a critic's review -- and I wonder whether the writer was at the same performance.
The settlements there totaled $550 million, the highest in an aviation case.
The two companies will combine their technologies to create a single offering for businesses setting up global E-commerce transaction services or putting content out on the Internet.
Dr. Tsien has named the new strain of mice Doogie after the precocious character in the television show, ''Doogie Howser, M.D.''
Julie Hume Armour, a daughter of Karen and James Armour of Darien, Conn., was married yesterday to Thomas Calvin Jones, a son of Peggy Jane Jones of Pitman, N.J., and the late Harry E. Jones.
He has taken that pragmatic strategy to county and local elections.
I think it's an ignorant statement because it does affect you.
Mr. Sorensen, 25, is a consultant to the World Bank on social development issues.
Milan Milutinovic exercises de facto influence or control over functions and institutions nominally under the competence of the Government and Assembly of Serbia and its autonomous provinces, including but not limited to the Serbian police force.
Crossword E6 TV Listings E12 Public Lives B2 Weather D8
At Two Brook, Murray caught a 10-pounder and a grilse.
The most enthusiastic guardians of the rituals are the school's 2,000 member Corps of Cadets, a quasi-military cadre who shave their heads and wear uniforms to class.
The tax increase was approved with the aid of Mr. Doria, then the Assembly speaker, who nonetheless has retained his seat in the overwhelmingly Democratic 31st Legislative District.
Texas Instruments is benefiting from sales of digital-signal processors after shedding its money-losing memory business to focus on the more profitable chips.
Senator Specter said that Mr. Bush only has to meet expectations that are already low.
''And I think I have an obligation to say so.''
The Rockridge Country Club and the Newton Country Club are private, but almost 80 clubs and organizations open to the public are dedicated to a wide array of artistic, athletic and civic pursuits.
''Isn't it more sophisticated if you focus instead on one object appropriate to the day?
John Vranesevich, who operates the Anti-Online Web site, which chronicles hacker activity, said the information requested from Internet service providers involved software tools, computer files and aliases pertaining to hacker activities.
These days her apartment is stacked with volumes on witchcraft and other pagan paths.
REBECCA STANFIELD Washington, May 20, 1999 The writer is a clean air advocate, United States Public Interest Research Group.
Even with that risk, SmithKline, a corporate sponsor of the event, was happy to renew its partnership with the charity, said George Quesnelle, director of medical marketing and sales for SmithKline Beecham's Consumer Healthcare division.
Mr. Shapiro said, ''My guess is that the rule will stand.''
Mr. Inbal may begin as early as the 2001-02 season.
Squeegee men, once a common sight wherever traffic stood still, have become all but extinct because of the Giuliani administration's crackdown.
Nancy Spector, a flight attendant from New York who has judged local competitions, said the earlier past changes were made to keep the pageant from growing irrelevant and to keep the support of sponsors.
An asterisk (*) indicates that a book's sales are barely distinguishable from those of the book above.
She also became involved in a small Unitarian congregation, which rekindled her old sense of calling.
Mr. Gardner, 69, a Buffalo lawyer, will succeed Carlos Carballada, a Rochester banker who was Chancellor of the Board of Regents from 1992 to 1995.
Coca-Cola fell 2 7/8, to 54 1/2, on concern that weaker-than-expected economies in Latin America, China and other big markets would continue to hurt earnings.
And Mr. Wong said: ''If we don't know each other, we do know of each other.
The film's plot, like that of other Rohmer films, is mathematically schematic.
So kick and punch I did, over and over, the words of ''Kung Fu Fighting'' urging me on.
11 Texas Tech (23-3, 12-2 Big 12) took a 14-0 lead and won at Nebraska (17-10, 6-8).
At a more varied program today at 3 P.M., the pianist Adam Kent of New Rochelle performs works by Beethoven, Liszt, Gershwin and other composers at the College of New Rochelle.
The new company would own 42.1 percent of Airbus Industrie.
* ''PICASSO: PAINTER AND SCULPTOR IN CLAY,'' Metropolitan Museum of Art, Fifth Avenue at 82d Street, (212) 535-7710 (through June 6.)
The government does not have the right to restrict our freedom of association, which should include the right to associate our money with the causes we believe in.
To the Editor: In regard to Karin Winegar's article, ''To Leave Home Find Someone to Leave Behind'' (Jan. 17): Since I moved to the mainland from San Juan, I have been housesitting for friends.
School construction is a worthy place to spend public funds, but New York City is in the midst of a health care crisis.
He was a Socialist of a deeply practical bent, who deplored the insurrectionary rhetoric of the Wobblies and helped build a Socialist Party.
titles this decade, shot a six-under-par 66 yesterday to take the first-round lead in the Nabisco Dinah Shore in Rancho Mirage, Calif. Mallon held a two-shot edge over Kris Tschetter after 18 holes of the women's first major of the year.
He received bachelor's and master's degrees in political science from the University of California at Berkeley and was on the staff of the California Assembly before going to Washington to work on welfare.
In any event, the judge was hardly sympathetic to the Santee Sioux, saying the fines would continue.
''If you miss from 6 feet, you would have preferred it to have been 30.
Part of the problem is that while inventors may have a special idea born of a specific profession, skill or hobby, they frequently lack business, manufacturing or marketing know-how.
The truce village that divides North and South Korea, has long been the stage for tense diplomatic negotiations.
''So if someone like Jon Corzine is willing to use his own money to run, maybe people shouldn't criticize him.
Mr. Kuhn himself said Mr. Wallace's arrival did not prompt his departure, saying instead that he had been offered an exciting new opportunity: Mr. Kuhn will not join Mr. Brill's magazine, Brill's Content, but instead will head Mr. Brill's new Web division, which Mr. Brill refuses to discuss yet but which his magazine's staff members describe as a commerce site to be introduced in the next few months.
Joining the players will be the soprano Jamie Baer; John McDonough as narrator, members of the Hartford Chorale, the Connecticut Children's Chorus, and another community-wide choir of youngsters organized for the occasion.
''Divx has been growing, but the losses are fairly substantial,'' he said.
In a telephone interview late last month, Mr. Roach said it came as a surprise when a reporter told him that ''Austin Powers'' would anchor the Warner stores nationwide Father's Day promotion.
''I would have expected a fence-straddling concurrence,'' said Professor Maveety, to whom the outcome was an important indication of the relative weight Justice O'Connor gave the discrimination arguments as opposed to the federalism concerns of the dissenters.
George Lynch had 6 points and 3 rebounds after having 15 and 12 in Game 1.
One of the researchers, John Bamberg, noted that these wild tubers, found in the Southwest, ''represent a veritable treasure chest of genetic diversity.''
''Thirty years from now, it'll be something they still remember.''
The Cohen Brothers Realty Corporation, a Manhattan-based developer, bought the Kraft building in 1997 and hired the architect Philip Johnson to design new facades and help break the building up for smaller users.
''But it would be a huge benefit to have one and probably wouldn't cost more than a few thousand dollars to install.''
And for Sony, its role as a leader in consumer electronics, an industry it virtually invented, is at stake.
''They were the dregs'' of the army, said James Mulvenon, a military expert with the Rand Corporation in Washington, of the 14 divisions shifted in 1997.
Development frictions have emerged in other ways.
''It looks as if you have only four fingers,'' Dr. Givens said, ''and that's interpreted by the subconscious brain as a sign of weakness.
Reposing at Denis S. O'Connor Funeral Home, 91-05 Beach Channel Drive, Rockaway Beach, NY.
''But there weren't any vulgar references to the more embarrassing parts of our lives.
The indictment charges the two troopers with the attempted murder of Daniel Reyes, a passenger in the van, and with aggravated assault in the wounding of Mr. Reyes, 21, of Queens, and two other passengers, Leroy Jermaine Grant, 24, and Rayshawn Brown, 21, both of Manhattan.
All of Sargent's murals have a straitjacketed feel.
He will line up several feet from Johnson approximately 70 times today with his own agenda.
VoiceTouch won out over the competition at AT&T.
Still, there's plenty to look at, much of it good.
Americans for whom the experience of massive conflict is increasingly remote just need to resist the temptation to fight the last war movie.
Boys in junior high school will receive an hour of training each week, while high school students will have to take at least one military training course, Education Minister Hossein Mozaffar was quoted as saying.
But when they took the promotional photographs of the regulars on ''Good Morning America'' -- CHARLES GIBSON, DIANE SAWYER, TONY PERKINS and ANTONIO MORA -- the four stood in front of a window frame that blocked the ''M'' on the MTV banner.
There are several names, however, that have been brought up amid the speculation concerning the Knicks' general manager position.
Time's tight caption read: ''Whose Fault?
The hijacker, a Japanese man carrying a knife, entered the cockpit shortly after the packed plane took off from Tokyo's Haneda Airport, bound for the northern island of Hokkaido.
But I had never fished before in my life, and there were only three fishing books in the house: ''Moby-Dick,'' Izaak Walton's 1653 classic ''The Compleat Angler'' and Ernest Hemingway's macho fantasy ''The Old Man and the Sea.''
Hull, son of the Hall of Famer Bobby Hull, missed almost two games of this series with what was called a groin injury.
In 1974 he conducted the chamber ensemble version of ''Appalachian Spring'' for a Columbia recording.
The Medical Examiner's office concluded that Mr. Busch stood 6-foot-3 and weighed 159 pounds.
The Boston Scientific Corporation, one of the biggest makers of angioplasty products, said yesterday that it was reducing its 1999 earnings expectations by about 8 cents a share after a product recall.
I have no problems with that.
On Long Beach Island, weekly rents range from $750 to $10,000.
''Sure, we want women athletes to be treated fairly, but at this expense?
Like a lot of Charleston restaurants, S.N.O.B., as it's known locally, is a bit inconsistent.
About 1/4 teaspoon baking soda plus 1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar yields the equivalent of 1 teaspoon baking powder.
Rogers and his agent, Scott Boras, stepped into the breach.
more than a dozen times to report the information but never got through, and finally spoke to a Tuolumne County sheriff's deputy about it, but heard nothing further.
Taliaferro was pronounced 'toliver,' and I learned it wasn't the only language that needed watching.
Mr. Morgenthau said that Ms. Lango falsified the local's financial reports to hide her stealing.
You write very well and you have a neat handwriting.
Duke (2-2) evened its record after losing to Stanford and Connecticut in the first two games.
Thomas Mann would not have existed without this opera whose love-death theme invests itself in a lifetime of his writing.
Oklahoma State missed 11 straight shots as Baylor took a 9-6 lead, but a tip-in by Fredrik Jonzen got the Cowboys going and started a 6-0 spurt.
But that doesn't explain how, after one documentary, Michael Moore got millions to direct the flop ''Canadian Bacon.''
To the Editor: Avi Shlaim, the author of ''The Iron Wall'' (review, Nov. 14), argues that Israel had military superiority over the Arabs through the 1948 war of independence.
Visitors can see how special-effect ideas are developed and storyboards created.
Nat M. Shapiro's lyrical series of four mixed media works, titled ''Free Form,'' appear to be inspired by jazz, as was the art of Mondrian, an artist who has an obvious presence in ''Free Form III'' (1998).
Encountering ''King Lear'' in this way, you go by gradual degrees from puzzlement to reflection to comprehension to a rush of feeling to a tragic sense of pity and fear leading on to catharsis.
Beyond these doors normal rules don't seem to apply.
In killing the plan, the city cited a lawsuit brought by white parents who challenged the legality of assigning children to schools based on race.
Then a much smaller tax cut might be considered, but only after Congress and the President have faced up to the hard decisions on Medicare and Social Security.
''The water gets muddy in services,'' he said.
Sister of Bernhard Heiden and the late Margaret Sterne.
He was looking at the book in his father's London bookstore at 84 Charing Cross Road (yes, the store in Helene Hanff's popular memoir of that title).
Searle nodded sympathetically, but was amazed by what looked to be paintings by Giacometti, Chagall, Braque and Dubuffet hanging about the room.
The Massachusetts group is proposing a new stadium on the site of a former horse track at Foxboro that is now used for special tailgate parties.
Kittles, who endured the roughest season of his brief career last year, was handed a six-year contract extension in March.
Geraldine Laybourne is chairman and chief executive of Oxygen Media Inc., a multimedia company in New York that is developing a cable network for women.
Like others, Mr. Nollner, who ran his leg at night, covering the 24 miles from Whiskey Point to Galena in three hours, reported so much blowing snow that he could not see his dogs but really did not need to.
He is the first Auburn coach to win the award and the second from the Southeastern Conference in the 1990's, joining Eddie Fogler of Vanderbilt in 1993.
She predicted that Mr. Bush would ''probably raise and spend somewhere near $70 million.''
''No one,'' I said in my introduction, ''could read his letters and not like him.''
''Microsoft wants to buy us a beer.''
It was while developing heat-seeking weapons that Mr. Morita first worked with Mr. Ibuka, 13 years his senior, who before the war had started an electronic instrument company.
Mr. Ahasan did not seem satisfied.
In 1993, for example, Mr. Eristoff spent $900,000 in two elections to win and to retain his Council seat.
Talk about your Fall Classic.
An ace took Sampras to match point.
MORRIS COUNTY LIBRARY ''Northwest Jersey Folklife Project.''
To assist with the application of eye make-up, a woman would need a hand mirror, like the elegant bronze one that has a girl with raised arms to form its handle; the adolescent figure may be a reference to Hathor.
By the same token, it gets a little old, too.
But those nations rejected the request after consulting with top American and NATO officials, the Administration officials said.
Ehrenkranz asked Anderson if he could stay in New York that night to meet with the search committee over dinner at the apartment of Peter Norton, a trustee.
The framers made the President the sole nationally elected public official (together with the Vice President), responsible to all the people.
He compared the threat of his lawsuit to a dagger, saying, ''The Feds' is a meat ax.''
Thursday 7 to 9:30 P.M. David Humm Trio.
It is unapologetic merengue, a form from the Dominican Republic that in the hands of Mr. Crespo is becoming one of the biggest international dance styles since the mambo traveled around the world from Havana in the mid-1950's.
By 1918, Wright had opened an office in Los Angeles, and he and Niedecken never collaborated again.
RECALLING how George Bush ridiculed Michael S. Dukakis in the 1988 campaign -- and Mr. Dukakis never responded -- Mr. West said: ''Nobody wants to get Dukakis-ized.
Now there are too many people listening,'' she said, turning away.
The wet grounds weren't a factor, for six innings.
Using dental records, medical examiners yesterday identified the body of a woman found under the cellar floor of a house in East Orange, N.J., the authorities said.
Other experts warn against expecting large, quick losses from adopting a daily regimen of fidgeting.
The traditional paradigm prevents you from thinking about those relationships.''
After winning approval from the three community boards involved, the Port Authority's next stop was the Planning Commission, whose members could not conceal their disdain.
In the following years, Mr. Nobrega gave himself over to researching Pernambuco, his native state.
He added that he found it ''unfathomable'' that she would ever ''skim money off anything.''
From the point of view of these guys, we are arrogant, unwilling to reconsider ideas.
Beside the river, swerving under ground, your future tracked you, snapping at your heels; Diana, breathless, hunted by your own quick hounds.
''I want the life I had completely back,'' he said evenly.
But the current inventory level is lean.
Graf also will embark on a six-month exhibition tour in December that opens in South Africa.
That Florida case underlines puzzling aspects of the disease.
If convicted at a trial, Mr. Kinkel, who was 15 years old at the time of the shootings and is now 17, could have faced life in prison without any chance of parole.
He will also consult for Long-Term Capital and other investment companies.
The remainder of the county south of Route 287, from the south up, will be sprayed later, county officials said.
When polished, it has a silky smooth feel, similar to marble.
SETON HALL UNIVERSITY ''Elemental Fossils: Works by Brazilian artist Duda Penteado.''
Mobil owns only 7 of those stations, however, she added, and franchisees set their own prices.
''Most falls cover less than 30 feet,'' he writes.
Museum hours: Wednesdays through Fridays, 2 to 5 P.M.; Saturdays and Sundays, 10 A.M. to 5 P.M. Free with suggested admission: $3.
JULIA LEE PROSPERO Joyce Greenfield takes no credit for this poem.
Meanwhile, researchers are trying to find ways to extend the boundaries of present optical technology.
The narrow faculty room with its mismatched chairs in neon-aqua tints is cold, and Mr. Titov warms himself with a cup of English breakfast tea.
In Europe in particular, the credibility is very low.
Innkeepers and tour operators in New England say leaf-peepers tend to be older people who enjoy the peace after youngsters have gone back to school, and don't want to worry about summer heat.
But earlier this month, he angered Mr. Pataki by not telling him in advance about a proposal to build a football stadium in Manhattan.
The Clinton White House seldom lets a popular parade pass by without leaping to the front, or at least latching onto the last carriage.
Michael Branca, an analyst at Lehman Brothers, said, ''It's the fifth consecutive quarter of lower operating profits at Coke, and that certainly suggests that things have not yet begun to turn.''
The most interesting parts of ''French DNA'' are Mr. Rabinow's concrete and lucid explanations of this French unease over the practices that have emerged in recent decades: the collection of blood, organ transplants, in-vitro fertilization and genetic research.
4:13:01 13400 Plante, S, 47M .
As Arnold Barnett of M.I.T.
And warnings that fourth-quarter earnings might disappoint are keeping a lid on some stocks.
I was sad to learn that she and Frank divorced about a year ago, but was cheered to see that the ribbon had survived half a dozen fishing vests, and that Frank still wears it.
After all, what is sadder than the fading bravado of a once-charismatic roue?
To mention single works is to omit others equally impressive, but here are a few nuggets in various categories, not necessarily in order of merit.
Union leaders said some of their members would be unwilling to continue teaching at a charter school unless they can be assured of keeping their pensions, health benefits and seniority.
It's so damn competitive out there and everyone is worried about money.
He hoped the classic icon would set the tone for a cleaner, friendlier video game experience inside.
One group went to India.
''We're supposed to be a family,'' he said today after practice.
Throughout the afternoon, after lunchtime, fans in team clothing streamed through the streets while office workers in business clothing joined them after descending from the tall office buildings that can be seen outside the outfield fences.
A solemn, sexually graphic exploration of the nature of a woman's need for male attention and erotic love, even if its insights are already familiar to readers of Cosmopolitan and the Marquis de Sade.
As the champagne squirted from bottles and the cheers and hugs filled the clubhouse, the Braves refused to talk about strategy or matchups for the World Series against the defending champion Yankees.
It seems fairly clear that by the 2000 season the umpires will be working as a single unit out of the commissioner's office.
Walter Payton, who missed one game his entire career.
In particular, they point to the board's approval of the sale of the 600 acres of buffer land in 1984.
Uncharacteristically, even Mr. Jordan appeared more hunted than hunting.
We have paid tribute, dedicated to you a palace devoted to Mammon, Shiny, new, inhabited by those titans of pleasure Warner, Disney, and merchandising gods Saks, Bloomingdale's.
''I worried about my daughter feeling isolated at school,'' recalled Linda Bulmer of Yonkers, who was among the parents Ms. Barkin interviewed for her book.
Early signs of increased labor costs and declining productivity at American companies are also concerns.
The Nasdaq stock market, the largest electronic exchange in the United States, plans to open an Internet-based exchange that will list shares of companies based in Europe.
Analysts had expected ARCO to earn 4 cents a share.
The problem is on the PC side.
Paris-based Total Fina, which itself bid $45 billion to take over Elf, said Elf's plan to spin off the companies' combined chemicals assets was poorly conceived.
A. I would prefer to see a steady recovery rather than a big spike upwards because volatility in these markets has been what has kept most investors away.
It strengthens the bond between parent and child and offers an opportunity for the children to use their language skills.
Loving wife of the late Murray.
Some people have been walking for days, carrying only a blanket or a few clothes.
''But they may have different plans,'' Reed said.
Health care advocates have also questioned Mr. Verniero's role in approving the 1997 merger that led to the collapse of the HIP Health Plan of New Jersey, which left more than 165,000 people searching for health insurance.
(Nor, despite years of painstaking research, did he take the time to listen to all 18* hours of recorded interviews.)
The economy was in large part make-believe: factories pretended to produce, employers pretended to pay and workers pretended to work.
Michael Bellomo, is accused of trying to cover up the reported beating of Mr. Louima in the police car as well as Officer Volpe's beating of a second man, Patrick Antoine.
(AP) PENGUINS 3, CANADIENS 2 Aleksei Kovalev scored with 29 seconds left in overtime after Kip Miller tied it late in the third period, and the Pittsburgh Penguins won their seventh in a row by beating the visiting Montreal Canadiens.
''If anyone tells you why, don't believe them.
This class was smaller than capoiera, and most students were newcomers, though one woman, an aerobics instructor in Israel, was studying Ms. Levy-Koffler's version to teach there.
The Bronx has the Yankees, Queens has the Mets and Manhattan may be getting a domed stadium to lure the Jets.
One of Mr. Rodriguez's lawyers, Michael Rosen, said that he was not sure why the building had been sold.
THE DREAM MISTRESS, by Jenny Diski.
Grigory did not notice that moment when the policy began to shift in the opposite direction.''
This time, he had 21 points, including 16 in the second half, and was voted the tournament most valuable player.
For more than 20 years the role of Verdi's Otello, one of the most dramatically and vocally challenging in the repertory of Italian opera, has essentially been owned by Placido Domingo.
Larry Rohter (NYT) EUROPE ROMANIA: DANUBE BLOCKED Romanian ship owners began a three-day blockade of the Danube at Calarasi, 60 miles southeast of Bucharest, to protest the Serbs' control of river traffic.
In 1997, it defeated the United States for the first time.
5:28:49 28397 Balsamo, S, 26M .
Dick Maney, a theatrical New York City publicist (Tallulah Bankhead was his most famous client), is shown as a beefy man seated in a booth and wearing a checkered suit.
She was born in Austin, Tex., but later lived in the San Francisco Bay area and attended high school in Palo Alto, where she graduated from Stanford University.
United Nations sanctions played a large part in forcing Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi to yield the two suspects.
''I just hope I can help the right way.''
Mr. Thrower worked as 1st VP of the Americans for Children Relief and was the Trustee of the National Hemophilia Foundation from whom he received the Crystal Award in 1971.
Mr. Fujimori was probably trying to appeal to urban youths as he plans his re-election campaign at a time when some stars and managers are making increasingly explicit political statements about unemployment and corruption.
Other regulations remain in effect.
The new trust bank, which does not yet have a name, will start as a 50-50 joint venture in October 2000.
The bank spent one trillion yen, or $8.9 billion, to dispose of bad loans and build protection against loans that sour.
The special election to fill his seat is scheduled for May 1, with an expected runoff between the top two finishers on May 29.
''I can't even imagine what just happened to us today.''
The national debt was cut 36 percent in the 1920's, for example, and the Great Depression followed.
Nor is there anything gratuitous or transgressive about it.
But they have beat themselves, over and over.
In the last eight years, the longest he stayed out of jail was 17 days.
Her father is a partner in Fisher, Harris, Shapiro, a risk-management insurance firm in New York.
But investors were relieved that Brazil had abandoned -- at least for today -- its policy of spending dollar reserves to defend its currency from selling attacks by speculators betting it would fall in value.
5:08:15 26032 Anthony, N, 32F .
It also misstated the outcome and origins of the case.
''I don't think curators expect to be paid more than a university professor, but the museum profession is not as well structured in terms of health and retirement benefits as universities.''
AT&T's fourth-quarter net income increased 58 percent, to $1.99 billion, or $1.12 a share, from $1.26 billion, or 70 cents a share, in the period a year ago.
''We're not leaving him out of anything,'' said Cashman, who spoke with Strawberry and said he was satisfied with how the conversation went.
But Woods was not happy in two seasons at Wake Forest, and he was willing to miss a year of competition to leave for another school.
Yesterday afternoon, Brigitta Krueger, 54, who has lived in an apartment building on Park Place at Vanderbilt Avenue since 1985, walked by the site of the slaying.
without treatment for more than 17 years while suffering nothing more serious than a cold lulled him into a false sense of security.
After nine years of appeals and an investigative report by the American Bar Association, the state's highest criminal appeals court overturned his conviction, finding that Oklahoma prosecutors had suppressed evidence that supported Mr. Munson's innocence, including the testimony of eyewitnesses who claimed the murderer was white (Mr. Munson is black).
''Some online businesses are starting with a storefront, but don't have the fully integrated back-room systems that real stores would.
Peter Martins, Ballet Master in Chief, Howard Solomon, Chairman of the Board, Robert I. Lipp, President of the Board of Directors, and the entire New York City Ballet family mourn the passing of Betty Cage.
If the Yankees had never gone to the World Series with free agents like Reggie Jackson, Catfish Hunter, David Cone and David Wells, if the Atlanta Braves had never won division championships with free agents like Greg Maddux, Fred McGriff and Terry Pendleton, if the Florida Marlins had not won the World Series with free agents like Kevin Brown, Moises Alou and Bobby Bonilla, the Arizona Diamondbacks could be accused of buying themselves a division championship.
He said he was short of breath, sometimes having to stop after walking only 10 feet, and the pain in his back was excruciating.
''That was always your weakness.
Ted Hutten left his home in Canada on Wednesday to visit his girlfriend in Curitiba, Brazil.
TV: CBS, Noon TEMPLE 2-8 at NO.
Now the company has pulled in its horns a bit -- not so surprisingly, given the red ink the Rings generated.
And since last June, live audio feeds of the races have been available from Broadcast.com; a link to the broadcasts can be found on the New York Racing Association Web site at www.nyra.com.
Auriemma was more concerned with UConn's erratic play in its 84-56 victory Tuesday night over willing but outclassed Seton Hall.
Under Mr. Kennard, relations with Congress have only deteriorated, in part over policies he has advocated and in part because of early political blunders.
The relentless rise in health care costs was interrupted as many employers shifted to health maintenance organizations.
Jean-Claude Ganga, an influential member from Congo Republic, has vowed to vigorously contest the attempt to oust him for receiving more than $250,000 in cash payments, medical treatment, travel expenses and other favors from Salt Lake City's excessive bid to win the 2002 Winter Games.
In addition, the Thai police began investigating Mr. Charn on criminal charges, and he was blacklisted by the Thai Stock Exchange.
Characters spout pacifist profundities while pairs of monsters punch each other silly (Anita Gates).
They include the return of the refugees, the restoration of a high degree of political autonomy for Kosovo and the creation of a secure environment in which Serbian forces could no longer threaten ethnic Albanians.
She was an active and cherished member of CDC's Divisional Committee, whose work with troubled children was greatly advanced through Mrs. Marx's devotion, foresight and intelligence.
Mr. Barak actually had Mr. Arafat to his house for talks.
(It is a lesson familiar to Americans from the television comedy ''Seinfeld'' -- bad things happen to selfish people.
''I think it's very difficult to be convinced at this point that this is a major world event,'' Trecker said.
INTERNATIONAL 3-14 NATO Presses Air Raids Against Serb Ground Force NATO's air war against Yugoslavia continued with attacks against tanks in Kosovo, but could not prevent Serbian forces there from continuing to drive tens of thousands of ethnic Albanians out of the Serbian province.
''To get it my first time up was huge,'' Gwynn said.
And it offers educational and interactive, hands-on learning presentations that show how to reduce trash and increase recycling.
''One day, after class, Sidney said, 'If I ever do anything on Broadway, I want you to direct it.'
Jean-Paul Belmondo arrives in a bowler hat to play a memory specialist, and a talking cow requests a dry martini in quite a peculiar tribute to Luis Bunuel.
Belgian mayhem in central Africa from 1885 to 1908.
But Vince Offer, who accepts responsibility for this wretched film by arrogating the writer's and director's credits, makes the common mistake of equating the recognition of comic potential for comedy itself.
But especially with the program to drastically reshape or sell off state industries, party leaders have abandoned key tenets of socialism, the leftists charge.
''They both have a unique niche in the fashion industry, and they are unlike anybody else.
The Ailey Camp season, which began July 6 and ends Aug. 13, will be capped by a final performance on Aug. 12 at 7 P.M. at the Bernhard Center on the University of Bridgeport campus, at the corner of University Avenue and Iranistan Avenue.
RUTGERS UNIVERSITY AT CAMDEN Paintings by William Hoffman Jr. and computer animation by Rudolph Rackowski.
She does so by citing particularly egregious examples of how our current Rube Goldberg machine of a tax code sometimes works.
(About $27.50) If this wine could look at itself in a mirror, it would see Jesse Ventura looking back.
''There's been a deer population explosion,'' said Dr. Frank B. Gill, vice president for science of the National Audubon Society, who warns this is far too much of a good thing.
This season, eye makeup is a study in scarlet, with bright lipsticks doubling as the latest eyeshadow trend.
They had tamed the beast that has maimed too many great rock performers: the sense of inferiority to a musical history that really needs to embrace them to keep moving ahead.
Texas Christian University's LaDainian Tomlinson broke the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I-A rushing record, gaining 406 yards and scoring 6 touchdowns today in a 52-24 victory over Texas-El Paso.
Or how did your attempt backfire?
On the assigned morning, we are slow to get going.
''It's science like this that makes me cynical,'' she said.
''One of the appealing factors for a guy like me,'' he said, ''is that they go up in value.''
''Things have gone wrong, but they've been spotty and caught quickly,'' said Dr. Rubin, who is the chairman of the computer science department.
There is a $30 cover charge and a $10 minimum (Watrous).
The experience with Szell in Cleveland was exasperating.
Rub the herbs into the lamb on the sides, making sure to get inside each of the slits.
By July higher prices and mortgage rates will lead ''to a temporary pause and a slackening in demand,'' he projected, and the market, because of the healthy economy, will rebound by mid-September.
Thus we have no guilt and no responsibility.
''Someone's sexuality is a private matter,'' Mr. Hoon said.
This intensely introspective novel focuses on an emotionally remote 70-year-old widow struggling to maintain her dignity in a world without happy endings. ''
Houston became part of a collapse by Knicks players who morphed into languid bystanders as the lively, active Nuggets began scavenging for points in the fourth quarter.
Using about 1 tablespoon of dough, form a 2-inch sausagelike shape.
If we believe that families are the best way to socialize and nurture children, what do we do to help people become parents beyond the bare biological definition?
''On Dec. 19, 1997, a small part of Brooklyn was transformed into Dodge City,'' the judge said as Mr. Barnaby and Mr. Cooper stood glumly before him.
So instead of persevering with spades and allowing South to make 11 tricks, he shifted to the heart three, taking four tricks in that suit for down one.
''Some people believe the people in the U.S. Attorney's office are the best and the brightest,'' Mr.
Most past Presidents were golf purists who wouldn't contemplate even asking for a mulligan (the term's derivation is obscure), let alone taking one.
The idea is to win.
''In this country, and certainly in New England, we tend to be very fast-food-oriented and this kind of meets people where they're at,'' said John Muldoon, a church member dressed as a Roman centurion.
Presidents since Nixon have been entranced by ''the myth of the big-time President,'' he writes.
Mr. Rapper's second film -- ''One Foot in Heaven'' (1941) -- was even more positively received and starred Fredric March as a young minister grappling with the modern world.
''We know that your thoughts are thousands of miles away, with families or loved ones who are in Kosovo or in refugee camps,'' the First Lady told them.
Reuters Group's Instinet was the biggest ECN, handling about 16 percent to 18 percent of the Nasdaq market's trades last year, said Bill Broka, Nasdaq's senior vice president for trading and market services.
But with the tax-cut fever broken, he has retained high approval ratings despite having abandoned that promise long ago, and it was not even an issue during his re-election campaign last year.
I love the way she matches her outfit to the Dunkin' Donuts bag.
He falls in love with her; she almost ruins his wedding, but then she doesn't.
A Clinton Administration official who was present at today's meeting said that Mr. Tang appeared to adhere closely to his ''talking points,'' a reference to the carefully prepared script that officials take to important meetings.
He has 10 touchdown catches, making Moss and Cris Carter the only players in Vikings history to have consecutive 10-touchdown seasons.
Riding Carter, the Raptors stormed back from a 15-point deficit with eight minutes left, as Carter scored 11 points in the final quarter to lead the rally.
The bombings have also revivified the pro-Milosevic Socialist People's Party, which was soundly beaten last year in parliamentary elections.
That formula would leave many American grievances against Colonel Qaddafi unresolved.
Saturday at 8 P.M. Tickets: $21 to $49.
Part of the Peco and Texas Utilities stories is restructuring, which is happening as deregulation occurs in their states.
Neither Washington nor NATO supports independence but they favor autonomy.
The police are absolutely correct when it comes to late-night tramps.
''I used a quote from Rabbi Nachman of Bratslav in the Talmud as a toast: 'It is said that marriages are made in heaven, but the Lord above is not always as wise as we would hope Him to be, which is why second marriages are made on earth.'
''The major factor which led to the Pueblo's only confrontation by unanticipated bold and hostile forces was the sudden collapse of a premise which had been assumed at every level of responsibility and upon which every other aspect of the mission had been based -- freedom of the high seas,'' he wrote.
Today's Internet is a result of a torrid pace of improvement in recent years in computer networks, processing power, data storage, software, display technology and user interfaces like the Web browser.
LA SALLE -- Announced that C Bobby Collins, G Deon Jones and F Jermaine Peebles have been declared academically ineligible for the rest of the basketball season.
They included those in TriBeCa, the Lower East Side, Stuyvesant Town, Tudor City, the Upper West Side, the Upper East Side, Riverdale, Bensonhurst, Borough Park, Bay Ridge, Park Slope, Downtown Brooklyn, Greenpoint, Rockaway Beach, Woodhaven, Flushing, Little Neck, Forest Hills, and central and southern Staten Island.
The move for a review after four years, following the 2002 season, is aimed at the Big East, which has been criticized for sending weak champions to the major bowls.
Introduced to the American market in 1997, Maxim, a testosterone-rich, off-color bible of sports, sex and humor for young men, has proved to be one of the most successful new magazines of the decade.
It made the varnish opaque, rather than having the luminosity that makes the image bright and easily read.''
And that's just the dancing.
Aaron J. McKinney, 21, is to go on trial on Aug. 9 in Mr. Shepard's murder.
The proceeds in this extortion racket, investigators said, were considerable but they could not specify an exact amount.
''I was amazed at that letter because it was me already, me like I am right here,'' Mr. Nichols said.
Against Cincinnati, he got only nine shot attempts.
Charles Drayton, the chef of the Snapper Inn, has planned a $65 menu that includes Australian ingredients like ostrich, shrimp and sea scallops.
Certainly not Bill Maher, who opened his irreverent late-night talk show, ''Politically Incorrect,'' by announcing that although his program was being taped before the debate, ''I promise you, nothing happened and nobody cared.''
Many Bibi supporters will always overlook his lying about policies.
Evander Holyfield got the benefit of the doubt of judges who didn't appreciate what we saw.''
The American version copies the original in nearly every detail.
''She would go around and make purchases with her own money, and it was really just she who kept the collection intact.
There are highlights: Ivan and Aleksei are astutely transformed into the Grand Inquisitor and Jesus.
They voted against the bill, and it died in the Senate.
Syria's foreign minister, Farouk al-Shara, has said that his country believes that progress on the Syrian and Lebanese fronts should be ''simultaneous.''
All three, who are black, have said they believe race played a role in how they were treated.
In her two and half years in the high-profile position of Northern Ireland Secretary, Ms. Mowlam muscled the strong-willed politicians of the conflicted province into dealing with one other while she herself was undergoing treatment for a brain tumor.
Travel agents at the hearings criticized airlines for selling tickets for flights that were already overbooked.
4:50:21 22633 Starke, S, 39M .
David Crowell's boxes within boxes are good examples, as are Stephanie Brody Lederman's paintings, with their seemingly spontaneous outpouring of emblematic notations.
But for beneficiaries to make informed choices, they have to be able to get truthful, understandable information about benefits and the rules of coverage.
Before the ensuing face-off, Philadelphia's Colin Forbes and Pat Verbeek of Dallas took swipes at each other and were sent off for high-sticking.
Later, as a member of the Association of Interior Designers, Mrs. ''Betty'' Porter became a respected interior designer, and painted creatively in many medias, first in Chatham, New Jersey, and subsequently in Siesta Key, Florida and Tryon, North Carolina.
''To myself,'' Isaac Newton remarked modestly, ''I seem to have been only like a boy playing on the seashore, and diverting myself in now and then finding a smoother pebble or a prettier shell than ordinary, whilst the great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me.''
Viewers first land in rooms that contain objects from other Asian countries, but this helps to remind viewers of sources for Tibetan art.
My experience has been mainly positive.
''We're expanding into travel items and furniture and home furnishings -- trays, candles, throws, pillows -- and broadening our array of women's accessories into footwear and watches and eye wear,'' said Reed Krakoff, president-executive creative director for Coach.
A member of The Maidstone Club, East Hampton, NY; Johns Island Club, Vero Beach, FL; and The University Club, New York City.
One theory being explored by the authorities was that Mr. Fry had been involved in the disappearances and was killed after a falling out with others involved.
Specifically, 13.2 percent of mentally ill inmates in prisons had been convicted of murder, compared with 11.4 percent of other prisoners, and 12.4 percent of mentally ill inmates had been convicted of sexual assault, compared with 7.9 percent of other prisoners.
''My former partners made fortunes,'' he said.
The new policy, which had long been sought by farm-state lawmakers and lobbyists for several large corporations, will make a general exemption for food and medicine whenever trade sanctions are put on countries considered adversaries of the United States.
But he figured he couldn't lose.
It has the trappings of a trial: a great and solemn one, as the commentators keep saying.
These include playwrights like Michael Weller (''Moonchildren'') and Donald Margulies (''Collected Stories'') and the screenwriter Pamela Gray (''A Walk on the Moon''), as well as television writers from ''Thirtysomething'' like Winnie Holzman, who went on to create ''My So-Called Life,'' and Richard Kramer, who later wrote the first ''Tales of the City'' mini-series and worked as executive producer on ''Nothing Sacred.''
It was easy to dismiss the Dow's close above 10,000 last Monday as merely symbolic, just one more market milestone -- and a not very enduring one at that, given the index's fall later in the week.
''It's not a contentious relationship now,'' the manager said, ''but we do have a list of issues that we want New Rochelle to address in its environmental review of the project.''
Candidates on both sides want to build a national defense against missile attack.
On Wednesday evening these superb musicians performed an exciting concert at the Frick Collection.
The bright timbre and vitality of the final Honegger song prevailed in much of Finzi's ''Let Us Garlands Bring'' (Op.
They also intend to attack Mr. Cruz's credibility.
Jazz arose from the march of African polyrhythm into European instrumentation and melody.
''For the university, it is better financially to carry the cost of hotel space than it is to carry the cost of empty dormitory space,'' said a Boston University spokesman, Kevin Carleton.
Grant demands of his girlfriend, Vivian (Lisa Arrindell Anderson), a teacher in another school.
The program, according to Mr. Steichen, is one that Bing Crosby would have loved, including ''White Christmas'' and ''The Christmas Song.''
''I'm not sure how much cold-blooded analysis is involved in a work of art,'' Sir George said at Town Hall.
In a half-dozen or so states, the Hispanic vote is at or near the point that when it is cohesive, it can tip a close election.
Corretja trailed by 3-0 and by 4-2 in the first-set tie breaker before coming back.
said Darcy Kablalik, 23, who came to attend the ceremonies from Rankin Inlet.
The International Chess Federation's World Championship at Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas is following the same basic format as last year: a series of two-game mini-matches in a knockout format.
Until the odds get stacked ridiculously high against them, adventure tourists will keep signing up.
Among the ample evidence she cites for the hormonal hypothesis is a study that found that women who had been subjected to high levels of testosterone in the womb pursued more male-dominated occupations and rose to higher positions.
''We were commiserating and looking for solace, and we began talking about Shakespeare and how much we loved those plays.''
Normally, prion protein has a particular structure, or label, that is recognized by other proteins in the endoplasmic reticulum.
Galileo's powerful arguments in favor of a sun-centered cosmos, in apparent violation of the Bible and Christian doctrine, led not only to his examination of his own beliefs but also to a clash between modern science and the old armchair authority of Aristotle and the church.
He kept House Democrats united through several turbulent weeks of impeachment theatrics.
So Mr. Farr went to a smaller investment bank, Quadrant Financial, prepared the private-placement papers and began meeting with pension fund managers and other institutional investors to make the case for Triple M, his financing outfit that makes loans to people with bad credit.
For the fourth straight game, Ledee, the slender rookie who the interim manager Don Zimmer had said was ''one of the hottest prospects in our organization,'' was not in the starting lineup.
A hoisting engineer for the city, Mr. Campbell and his wife used their two incomes to buy their first home.
'World' is too grandiose, and for most people, the word 'bank' sounds like we are just here to make money, like every other bank.''
Democrats attacked Republicans as putting tax cuts ahead of dealing with the looming problems in Medicare, which will start running short of money in less than a decade.
Charged with getting out the vote among Israeli Arabs, he travels the country village by village, even family by family, attending weddings, parties and town hall meetings.
For example, in states that legalized abortion in 1969 or 1970, the researchers found, the cumulative decrease in crime from 1982 to 1997 was greater than for the rest of the nation.
Indus, at 256-B Main Street (631-271-0059), is such a place.
,'' which eviscerates Los Angeles with great affection -- and affectation.
''Pierced ears are just too dowdy now,'' said Greta Emler, 33, a writer who lives in the West Village.
There's a bit of Wilder's Emily in Mr. Spacey's Lester: a postmodern muddle of a man who doesn't recognize life's everyday magic until the end.
2 to Variety ''hasn't done any homework,'' he said.
Philip, Claire's son, who is played by Zak Orth in the show's second monologue, isn't so lucky.
From the opening scene, which has Roy's second wife, Serena (now in a fulfilling relationship with Bea's sister, May, an artist who lives in the penthouse), asking Roy if he'd be willing to impregnate her, it is clear that Schwartz intends to write a jovial satire on contemporary mores.
He graduated from Columbia University and received a law degree from the University of California at Davis.
Or the superstitious ceremonies of Hoi An?
The entertainment capability can be expanded with a clip-on, optional accessory that converts the phone into an MP3 digital music player and hands-free set.
Mr. Ifans's big scene comes when paparazzi looking for the famous actress played by Miss Roberts descend on his doorstep.
The Austrian roadblock made it frustrating for everyone else, including the best hopes of the United States Ski Team.
He allowed all five runs and three walks in seven innings.
Because they'll see that doorman again.
While business at Michael Jordan's is booming, owners of the few shops open in the open court are not thrilled with the traffic.
The boy was arrested at his Scarsdale home and arraigned in Village Court Tuesday night.
At the time, the critic Ken Johnson, writing in The New York Times, wrote: ''We need a moratorium on video projections.
''We can make a difference in these people's lives,'' Bellucci said.
And the way he got it boded well.
Mr. Milosevic will also try to create an atmosphere of normalcy by lifting the state of war that he imposed at the start of the air strikes.
And now I'll say, 'After reviewing the play, the ball is short of the first down.
Doctors have theorized that eating large amounts of fat increases the risk of breast cancer.
Graveside service Sunday 11am at United Hebrew Cemetery, Staten Island, NY.
Bob Dole's idea of triangulation was to travel from the Watergate to Congress to the ''Meet the Press'' studio.
In the first days, Hillary Rodham Clinton talked of a vast right-wing conspiracy.
There are now roughly 200 American aircraft patrolling the southern no-flight zone from the Carl Vinson and from bases in Kuwait and Saudi Arabia and another 40 or so patrolling the northern zone from a base in Incirlik, Turkey.
The heat index, the combination of temperature and relative humidity, which had reached 108 on Saturday, dropped to 105 yesterday.
Bill Gross, the founder and chairman of Idealab, a high-technology venture capital firm based in Pasadena, Calif., said he planned to turn Pointcast, which sends news and information onto computer desktops, into an E-commerce-based business.
On the positive side, Ms. Sills said, ''What we have done in a way is to call attention to a painting which has not had any attention for many years.''
''This is an idea thought up in a Harvard library, far from Brazilian reality.''
The change was the first by a credit-rating agency since $60 million in cost overruns were reported in the county's health insurance plan in January.
''It's been tremendously effective,'' Mr. Ohebshalom said.
During four years of playing, the most he ever won was $80, he said.
Abandoning his mother (Catherine Deneuve) and fiancee (Delphine Chuillot), Pierre runs away with Isabelle to a dank industrial suburb of Paris, where he feverishly begins composing a new novel that this time will tell all the horrible truth he has just discovered about the world.
This equaled a record for most interceptions returned for touchdowns allowed by a team.
POTOMAC STATE--Announced it will disband its football program after the 1999 season.
His helpfulness will be missed by all whom he touched.
Kevin Koeniger, a 17-year-old junior on the Columbine Rebels football team, acknowledged that some athletes had teased the trench coat mafia.
Our arrival at low tide reveals dozens of channels scoring braided patterns in the mud as they drain glacial rivers to the sea.
In writing the book, Dr. Wolf not only made unorthodox use of scholarship from other fields but also refined some of his own unorthodox ideas about the very nature of culture.
Free with zoo admission: $3; children 3 to 11, $2; under 3, free.
As a result, it has grown reluctant to identify individual pilots and has scrubbed military Internet sites of personal and family information and service members.
Making life-size dinosaurs is no easy task.
Descending from the Alps, the restaurant does a fine roasted rabbit with new potatoes, and the chicken stew with rosemary and chestnuts is wonderfully sweet and savory.
''You had to have some imagination,'' said Mr. Dweck.
A Jazz Nativity'' also features the tap dancer Jimmy Slyde, the Latin percussionists Candido and Cafe, and Joe Gordon, winner of the Thelonious Monk Competition, as the saxophone-playing shepherd.
There were times when the work became a guessing game for the viewer, as one tried to predict who would get together next.
Residents in two Bronx neighborhoods are angry about a proposal to place two group homes for the developmentally disabled in their midst.
Volvo last month bought nearly 13 percent of the shares in Scania.
Officer Persaud, 32, sought an unspecified amount.
The setbacks are particularly disappointing for Coca-Cola shareholders.
''It should be,'' Phillips said, well aware that the Mets have not qualified for the post-season since 1988.
Edward Weston is celebrated for his formal studies, which include nudes whose contours are almost interchangeable with a more demure specialty: fruit and vegetables.
Goods subject to the duties could include European pork, beef, poultry and other goods like Dijon mustard and spring water.
As Captain Smith and his men searched the creek bed this morning, looking for a 26-year-old mother in an area where other bodies have been found, they walked through layers of debris that had been flung into the woods from nearby mobile homes.
Theater 3 in Port Jefferson, in addition to its 400-seat main stage, has a space once reserved for cabaret, now called Second Stage, that seats 85 people.
And from The Times's perspective, the integrity of the best-seller list'' will be maintained ''because it will include sales data from the biggest seller of on-line books.''
How long will the strikes go on?
* Pay close attention to when a site was most recently updated.
The nomination of Mr. Hormel, who is openly gay, had drawn opposition from some conservative senators.
His work capacity previous to today was not acceptable.''
At home, temperatures have been in the low 60's, which is great, except when preparing for the oven of an American summer.
Music was a central part of the Hill home.
Johnson tore ligaments and chipped a bone in his thumb falling down Monday.
But he got over it quickly.
Doris Randolph, a former drug user in Harlem who now helps young people stay off drugs, said, ''The people who used heroin, we'd be sitting there in the shooting galleries, nodding, talking politics, talking about music, the paper under our arms, and then all of sudden these twitchy crackheads showed up, and they looked dangerous.''
(For example, you wouldn't want to run an animal sanctuary if the company that owns it is just trying to distract people from its otherwise awful environmental record.)
Mr. Daniels said of Dr. Butts, ''Controversy is his forte.''
A private investor in civilian life, he was a member of The Veteran Corps of Artillery, State of New York, and The Society of Cincinnati.
With financial futures and careers dependent on the outcome of a vote, players entered the day concerned about how contentious events might get.
A boom in European mergers and acquisitions has left many investment banks in the position of working for competing companies, creating the same potential conflicts as those now being asserted in the dispute between Mannesmann and Vodafone Airtouch.
BRIDGEPORT--Named Bob Buswell men's basketball coach.
The commission held a hearing on the petition in Miami on March 18.
Without question, the new medium has ''empowered'' investors -- offering them tools that have put them on a more equal footing with the smart money boys on Wall Street.
It was difficult for me to accept that some people cannot be made to take pride in achieving in the classroom.
He would pretty much take care of the laundry.
The company in Novi Sad has regressed from being a cross-cultural, multiethnic group to what is now, to its detriment, the solely Serbian National Theater.
But if you choose it as an all-in-one substitute for a genuinely diversified set of stock-market assets, you are likely to pay for the convenience.
Cicero officials say they have a list of 600 ''known gang members,'' including some minors, who would have 60 days to get out of town.
Next spring, an extension is scheduled to open through the Hollywood hills to Universal Studios and North Hollywood, bringing the subway's total length to 17.4 miles, from Union Station downtown to the southern edge of the San Fernando Valley, at a cost of about $4.5 billion, with some stretches costing $500 million a mile.
It speaks of Slobodan Milosevic, the Serb who is Yugoslavia's President.
Rossant and her brother were tended by a Swiss governess, Marie-Louise.
I think much fault lies with a system that allows such frivolous lawsuits to be filed without first investigating the circumstances involved.
A nationwide network forged in a Bell Atlantic and Airtouch combination, analysts said, would be well positioned to compete against both plans.
Q About the F.A.L.N., the clemency's been accepted, but these prisoners say they are political prisoners.
''He was a tremendous player then, and a he's tremendous player now.
Just as there are no visible symptoms of illiteracy, so there is no simple portrait of who cannot read.
The Chinese authorities have also said they are worried about a possible large-scale influx of immigrants into Hong Kong at a time when unemployment is rising.
He graduated from Pennsylvania State University and received a Ph.D. in health and safety studies from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
They always said the blacks couldn't play under pressure; things got hot, they would fold up.
In Catalonia, Barcelona's authorities insist on doing all official business in Catalan, which now prevails over Spanish.
knee-jerk left,'' will now be transferred to the more conservative Chronicle.
In 1996, in his only interview in five years, Mr. Bevona said he deserved his generous pay and perks because he helped his members gain the best salaries and benefits of any building service workers in the nation.
Rick Aguilera got two outs for his fifth save.
As a field representative, Mr. Nelson, 52, visits homes from Brooklyn Heights to Bay Ridge, verifying eligibility and reviewing the cases of homebound disability recipients.
This was the student rather stridently pulling rank on the teacher, and a period of bad blood followed.
The historian, Herbert Barger, whose wife is a Jefferson descendant, said at a news conference in Washington yesterday that any of several males in the Jefferson family could have fathered Eston Hemings, the child whose descendants bear the Jefferson Y chromosome.
But many of these firms said that they, like commercial banks, had been steadily reducing their financial exposure to Brazil.
The rug was designed around 1930 by Marion Dorn, an American who lived in Paris from 1921 to 1925 and who became the best-known carpet designer in Britain in the 1930's.
During a preseason game in Detroit, the entire team went out for dinner.
Further, as the trial proceeded, his knowledge of the computer industry grew; he asked more and more technical questions that demonstrated an ever firmer grasp.
Its special cyberspace hook is to focus on large and tall sizes not commonly available.
(+) Rankings reflect sales, for the week ending April 17, at almost 4,000 bookstores plus wholesalers serving 50,000 other retailers (gift shops, department stores, newsstands, supermarkets), statistically weighted to represent all such outlets nationwide.
But the 137 North Korea-backed schools in Japan -- partly financed by North Korea and run by North Koreans who are long-term residents of Japan -- are caught in a crisis, for it is becoming ever more difficult to balance loyalties to Great Leaders and Backstreet Boys.
The Motorola Corporation plans to announce today that it will donate $5 million to create a new research center at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Laboratory to explore ''think and link'' technologies that connect everyday appliances.
The gambling company Hollywood Park Inc. agreed yesterday to sell two casino properties to Penn National Gaming Inc. for $195 million in cash.
''I became a role player and I understood that,'' Mr. Cerone said.
Last summer, he applied the skills he learned on the ball fields at Ittleson and became an All-Star catcher for his Little League team.
In the 1880's and 1890's, remodeling programs added floors to the top of the building in a helter-skelter way.
May the warm memories of this special individual bring solace to the entire family.
In a Feb. 5 state-of-the-town address, Ms. Newburger said the bond, which must be approved by town voters, would assist in securing matching funds from state and Federal programs.
But these Mets, no matter how different, need another victory today over the Phillies to feel good about themselves going to Atlanta.
Mrs. Legman, his wife since 1966, said she was unsure whether their marriage was his second or third.
Last year, investors appeared to have ignored the lofty price-to-earnings ratios of drug stocks -- Pfizer, for example, currently sells at 68.9 times earnings, compared with 32.6 times earnings for the S.& P. 500 -- but have now given the stock prices a second look.
Mr. Zock was the top vote-getter, with his two running mates from the upstart Voters Party missing a clean sweep by only 20 votes.
Graham, center BRIAN WILLIAMS and running backs TIKI BARBER and CHARLES WAY each addressed their teammates.
He began having trouble breathing through his nose and developed intense headaches.
''We felt it would be the compassionate decision for what this community has gone through to not include it,'' he said.
It is the first American feature film to attempt a portrait of contemporary postwar Vietnam, poised on the brink of modernity.
And there are more than a couple of Michaels (Rispoli and Imperioli) linking it to ''The Sopranos,'' or to the Martin Scorsese ambience it vaguely echoes.
Back came the results, most from pornography sites that had cleverly embedded variations on the Britney Spears name -- which the girls had misspelled -- in a special area of their pages that search engines use for indexing.
The bride graduated cum laude from Georgetown University and received her law degree from the University of Pennsylvania.
At a City Hall news conference on Aug. 31, the morning after the shooting, which had brought hundreds of Hasidic protesters onto the streets of the Borough Park neighborhood, Mr. Safir had given his version of the shooting in specific detail.
Dan Cosgrove, a spokesman for the state police.
Kindred souls in a single womb, their destinies diverged at birth as Kristine went on to healthy childhood and adolescence, while Jennifer watched -- from crutches, walkers and finally a wheelchair -- an exact image of the person she might have been.
Analysts had expected a profit of about 9 cents a share.
And the growth of Web sites dedicated to the interests and needs of black Americans can play the same role for the Internet that race records did for the music industry.
(Will it build a Frank Gehry-designed museum on the Hudson?
For a more affordable lunch or a late dinner, try the Noodle Kitchen at the Mirage, 3400 Las Vegas Boulevard South, (702) 791-7111.
's chief operating officer, said Friday after Gretzky announced his retirement.
In the city there are fewer than 8 computers per 100 students, and most are antiquated.
As a consequence, the production's center has shifted, with surprising rewards, especially from Blair Brown, triumphantly cast against type as the frumpy Fraulein Schneider and the perfect counterpart to Ron Rifkin's beautifully defined Jewish store owner.
The music works up to rock-concert volume, joining sound to the hyperkinetic fury (1:10).
Francesca Amfitheatrof, a London-based designer who works in India, said, ''Setting up a workshop and teaching people what I do -- I think about doing that at some point.''
Indexing is a long-term strategy and one quarter, or a six-month period, or even a year of relative underperformance against active management is meaningless.
(On Wednesday, Mayor Timothy C. Idoni of New Rochelle -- a Democrat -- said he had written the First Lady a letter, extolling the virtues of his city.
Nevertheless, the newsletters that used them didn't lead the pack.
It is also possible that French art is simply in a fallow period.
He told of the time his older daughter, Lauren, brought a boyfriend home and unintentionally took him past the Heisman sitting in a corner of the parlor.
In a topsy-turvy second-round match, Romania's Irina Spirlea defeated Anna Kournikova, 6-0, 0-6, 6-1, yesterday in the $520,000 Generali Ladies tennis tournament in Linz, Austria.
To her credit, Torres doesn't take the easy path and exaggerate this decline into tawdriness.
''When I talk about archived speech and say that message is going to be there forever, every parent in the room comes to me and says, 'Where do I get this?'
Fall came roaring in with a bacchanal led by Benjamin Millepied as a giddily prancing faun.
Only weeks ago, his campaign had said the governor would not debate until next year.
Ms. Haus said the decision to sell most of the Garbisch gift was made at a board meeting in February 1997, when David A. Ross was the director.
But he has no power base within the party.
''We celebrate it because we have to tell our own history,'' said Ronald (Smokey) Stevens, an actor, dancer, singer and choreographer who stars in the show.
The China operation began to unravel this year in Shanghai's sticky summer heat.
''Whenever there is an incident like this, I take a look and think: My goodness.
Floyd B. Flake, a former member of Congress.
The cushions, in black or gray, are $214 each at Barneys New York, (888) 222-7639.
''Democracy hasn't taken root here,'' he said over tea.
But that's what they are doing to Rudy Giuliani and we think, I think it's a disgrace.''
For a while the shark attack effect prevailed: if a mentally ill person committed a violent act it was perceived as part of a pattern -- another Goldstein -- and received prime news coverage.
Melissa Bonney Ratcliff, a Gore spokeswoman, said the findings of the May checkup were issued only now because news organizations had not requested them until recent weeks.
In a few hours, I'd saved enough on half-price polo shirts at Ralph Lauren, quick-dry hiking trousers at Patagonia, makeup at Clinique and umbrellas at Totes to pay my hotel bill.
''I didn't know where I was headed,'' he said.
By the end of May, she fell ill with anemia and stopped working on doctor's orders.
Dear brother of Jesse, Ray and the late Milton.
Williams clubbed a homer, a double, knocked in six runs and made a beautiful sliding catch in center field as the Yankees pummeled Texas, 8-0, in the opener of the division series.
Tobacco companies like R. J. Reynolds signed that pact rather than the parents, like RJR Nabisco Holdings.
Canadian Football League SASKATCHEWAN ROUGHRIDERS--Announced the resignation of Alan Ford, general manager, effective at the end of this season.
MIAMI, OHIO 76, BUFFALO 48 Miami of Ohio forward Wally Szczerbiak scored 18 points in the second half for a Mid-American Conference victory at the University at Buffalo.
If there is no cuy, there's no party.''
After Federal agents searched his home computer and discovered images of children in sex acts, Mr. Matthews claimed that he was researching an article on child pornography, a subject he had investigated years before, leading to a three-part series on WTOP-AM, a radio station in Washington, in 1995.
Mr. Bebear has not been commenting, but if anything he has expressed in the past a preference for the larger combination.
Any notion that ''Music for Torching'' might be intended primarily as a comedy, however, is erased by the novel's brutal ending.
And while it is possible that an oil shortage may develop this winter, experts said that oil would remain plentiful over the longer term.
There were no TV cameras rolling.
To the Editor: The much-celebrated plan for a new Pennsylvania Station (news article, May 20) can hardly be embraced by commuters.
Ms. Paltrow has visited at least twice (her parents, the producer Bruce Paltrow and the actress Blythe Danner, live in Westchester).
But some also wonder whether he completely understands what happened in 1990 and whether he has accepted his own role in his poor showing.
Since then, mortgages have been widely ''securitized,'' meaning they're bundled together in bonds and sold to institutional investors (pension funds, insurance companies, investment houses).
The approach works in a wrestling arena.
For example, more than one in six were in a plan with no drug benefits, while one in four were in a plan with unlimited drug benefits.
Thousands of miles from the action, and with only one person on site to feed intelligence to the folks in Bristol, the production relies as much on serendipity as it does on skill.
In percent Sources: Salomon Smith Barney; Telerate; The Bond Buyer
''Economics have created this youth boom,'' Josh Lieberman, Shane West's agent, had told me.
with valuable, non-public information about major satellite subsystems, as well as the design and manufacture of such subsystems.
His collection numbers ''thousands upon thousands of cookbooks,'' he said.
Hours of visitation at Loyola House of Retreats, 161 James Street, Morristown, NJ, Sunday, 2-5 and 7-9 PM; Monday, 2-5 and 7-9 PM; and Tuesday, 2-5 PM.
Last October, they forced another troubled state-owned company, Guangdong International Trust and Investment, or Gitic, into bankruptcy, after it sank under $4.3 billion in debt.
''You call your doctor, your clergyman, your therapist,'' Mr. Kennard said.
The daughter's letters reveal little about the father's thoughts, yet they add texture to his world.
Oddly enough, Dave had been in a casino only four times before he started day trading, and has been one time since.
Intergraph work stations were even featured in Intel's annual reports and in product rollout events like the debut of the Pentium Pro chip, as Intel's efforts to produce ever more powerful chips for customers like Intergraph burnished the chip maker's reputation for being on the cutting edge of technology.
Bad associations will almost certainly keep ''Hudson striped bass'' off menus.
''There was a point halfway through the movie where I had to give up my salary,'' she said.
The question now is whether the Mets miscalculated in believing that they could resurrect Nomo's career.
In Houston, for instance, KHMX, a radio station, has already offered a cornucopia of prizes -- including a Texas college education -- to the first local baby born on Jan. 1.
To all the members of his family we extend our heartfelt condolences.
Mr. Clinton brought the executives here later for a tour of local businesses that have profited from Federal investment.
The Eatzi's in Westbury, N.Y., has already closed.
Heshmatollah Tabarzadi, chief editor of Hoveyat-e-Khish and a former radical activist now close to Iran's reformist President, Mohammad Khatami, appeared before the conservative court on Thursday said.
has stepped in, encouraging a group of business executives to develop a proposal to keep the Patriots in the Bay State.
In Bogota, home to 7 million of the country's nearly 40 million people, residents are especially shaken by last weekend's offensive by the rebels, which demonstrated that the group has the ability to strike, if only briefly, uncomfortably close to the city.
For the Avery Coonley House, in Riverside, Ill., Niedecken designed a large fireplace mural with delicate birch trees and fern fronds, some occasional tables, desks, rocking chairs and upholstered club chairs.
Trading Hardaway is another clear sign that the Magic has decided to rebuild.
For whatever redemptive qualities Sprewell has, they have yet to emerge on the floor.
And the Rangers defeated Carolina, 3-1, for their first victory of the season.
For Pittsburgh, the defeat came amid financial, physical and psychological burdens.
If he had lived, I probably would have become the owner of a chain of appetizing stores.''
It does in a sense, and it doesn't in another sense.
Mr. Genet is convincing neither as a determined bachelor nor as a fool for love.
''It's part of the landlord-tenant dance.
Mrs. Hallinan, elegant and chestnut-haired, served 30 days for participating in the 1964 civil rights demonstrations in San Francisco.
They are not as well known as Justin A. Volpe, the former police officer who confessed last week to shoving a stick into Mr. Louima's rectum.
It was not until he landed at Nav Nirmaan, the only New York City substance abuse treatment program run by and for immigrants from southern Asia, that he pulled himself and his family together.
Rebel leaders have denied the mutilations, accusing the Kamajors, an untrained, civilian defense force that includes many boys and is supporting the President.
Dr. Ganz said it was not clear that estrogen was risk-free for those women.
Mike Spall, a spokesman for Con Ed, said power use rose yesterday to 11,401 megawatts about 2 P.M., which was higher than the utility's projection of 11,300 megawatts but never approached the record-setting 11,850 of July 6, when a large blackout cut power to some 200,000 people in Washington Heights, Inwood and the Lower East Side.
Westchester recycled more garbage in 1998 than it did in the previous year, but it needs to do better, County Executive Andrew J. Spano said earlier this month.
''We all act like a bunch of teenagers and have a silly time doing dances like the electric slide while the pupils and staff serve us.
Hair color starts at $45 for a single process and goes up to $135 for foil highlights.
In the absence of real opposition in Sudan, the ruling National Congress party controls almost all 360 seats in Parliament.
''You got a real nice look,'' an adult male voice says off-camera.
''My Russian'' is set in an unnamed college town in the Northwest -- about as far in spirit and geography from New York City as one can get and still be in the continental United States.
He concluded that the court's decision might produce absurd cases in the future.
He got my number from Lucianne.''
I'm a police officer myself, and I'll tell you what I did when I realized I had been driving with an expired license: I had another cop write me a $100 ticket.
To know her was a privilege.
Biber's Requiem in F minor bears traces of Renaissance sensibilities as well, but is more openly contrapuntal.
They need about 1,000 more to qualify as a major state party, which would guarantee that Libertarian candidates would be listed on state and local ballots.
My first response to this longing was to immerse myself in science fiction, which made up the bulk of my reading from age 10 to age 16. .
Our deepest sympathy is extended to the bereaved family.
In Mr. Starr's court papers, prosecutors acknowledged that Ms. Lewinsky ''has the right'' to have prosecutors preside over the interview with House managers.
As city officials continued their assault on the mosquito population yesterday, the pest-control budget turned political, with Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani and the Bronx Borough President, Fernando Ferrer, trading charges over the matter.
Mr. O'Donnell insisted that he did not want to hire Mr. Currie, even though there was no union ban on employing convicted felons in the campaign.
But this event was a one-time benefit for a group of sports fans that is routinely ignored, those who live on the West Coast (where I grew up).
Those who brought in such accounts were offered a finder's fee of 5 percent of the account's assets, the person with the documents said.
Alva Wynter, the landlord for Ms. Taylor's building, said that while she was home on Monday night, she did not hear a gunshot.
''Then a little man comes and takes the stones away.
Three other utilities that own a part of Nine Mile 2 were not involved in the sale that was announced yesterday.
And no one, in any case, will call them reserved.
Shaky docudrama ethics cloud the film's take on ''60 Minutes.''
The ballplayer received death threats from baseball fans, was intentionally thrown at by pitchers, avoided by some of his teammates, and forced to stay in separate hotels and eat in separate restaurants from the rest of his teammates.
J. D. BIERSDORFER Circuits invites questions about computer-based technology, by postal mail to Questions, Circuits, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036-3959 or by E-mail to QandA@nytimes.com.
Weeks This On Week List Advice, How-To and Miscellaneous 1 129 DR. ATKINS' NEW DIET REVOLUTION, by Robert C. Atkins.
This documentary feeling survives in the cinematography.
In lieu of flowers, contributions may be sent to the Leonore R. Malino Scholarship Fund at the Juilliard School of Music.
The cost of leasing the Gulfstream jets is about $50 million a year.
ANGELS 14, WHITE SOX 1 Brian Cooper won his major league debut by allowing four hits in seven innings, leading host Anaheim.
Some proteins become building blocks for the cell.
Cox Communications currently owns 49.3 million Sprint PCS shares, in addition to warrants and convertible preference shares.
Pretty, well-mannered and mannequin-tall, the third generation Lauder is The Girl Most Invited.
Secretary of Defense William S. Cohen said in an interview that the strikes were steadily eating away at Mr. Hussein's air defenses.
Mr. Riddle dismissed the criticism as insensitive.
''I ask a lot of questions,'' said Lisa, whose persistent curiosity was rewarded last semester with an A-plus in social studies.
Another reason for preparing home sales contracts, Mr. Goldson said, was to offer something more to clients at a time when the Internet is providing buyers with a host of information about home sales and communities that brokers once provided.
If it is canceled, this will be further evidence for those who predicted that the networks that were trying to beat WB at its teen-age game were taking a wrongheaded approach.
3:37:34 4691 Reeh, K, 60M .
Among the stops is San Francisco, with plans to raise about $1 million for Democrats.
But in the last year, the airline's shares have dropped by almost half.
Notre Dame's offensive line allowed just nine sacks last season and was ranked 16th nationally in rushing.
A century ago, people who looked ahead to 2000 had an exaggerated faith in the promise of pneumatic tubes.
''Then you open the door to people saying anything they want to say under the guise of science.''
Mars Polar Lander, the most recent craft to join the hunt, is to zoom across 470 million miles of space, traveling about 2,000 times farther than the distance between Earth and the Moon.
The PGA Tour's pre-eminent snowboarder, David Duval, returned refreshed from the slopes and quickly got back into his remarkable golf groove.
Marge Kramer, at the cash register, fights paralyzing depression.
Mr. Blumenfeld said Home Depot initially had to be persuaded that in Manhattan, renters are often just as willing as homeowners to fix up their apartments.
''Having known George as a student, I'm shocked, and his professors would be shocked,'' said Mr. Hubbard, a classmate of Mr. Bush at the Harvard Business School.
In fact, we may already be kidding ourselves if we think we pay for a piece of software, own it and keep on owning it.
''That was kind of the start of my struggles,'' McGovern said.
There is much to do.
''Writing is a way to relax, and open your mind.''
GUILLERMO KUITCA, Sperone Westwater, 142 Greene Street, (212) 431-3685 (through June 12).
But because the incident involved the killing of a policeman, all rationality goes out the window.
For her large prints, she arranges and exposes flower blossoms and lengths of thread directly on photographic paper, producing delicate, glowing silhouettes with atmospherically splattered backgrounds.
This reflects a national political move that culminated in legislation in 1996 allocating nearly $440 million in state and federal money over five years for abstinence-only programs; Congress added $50 million in a separate bill this year.
PBS has also instituted ''bridge'' pages between its own site and the rest of the Web so surfers who click on a vivid blue logo for Rice Krispies that lies at the feet of the four Teletubbies is not immediately whisked away to Kellogg's Planet K. The bridge pages issue a warning that the user is about to leave PBS and offers the option of heading back rather than plunging into the cyber cereal world.
''It seems like a good idea and produces a lot of adrenalin rush, but there are some consequences,'' said Mr. Williamson, who is now the president of outdoor-oriented Sterling College in Craftsbury, Vt., referring to the 19 canyoners killed Tuesday in Switzerland.
The apartments, from studios to two bedrooms, with 450 to 750 square feet each, will be offered to families earning $14,000 to $34,620 a year, depending on family size, at rents of $350 to $637 a month.
This promoted the queen as a defensive trick, and South was a trick short.
The Cullmans are no strangers to transformation.
Of course it could be said the war has already been lost.
Lyle Wilpon, 32, an investment banker, who admitted that he is ''compulsive about details,'' made that work for him.
But few analysts expect problems anytime soon.
''We're caught in a very difficult situation,'' Susan Tolchin, a spokeswoman for the County Executive, said.
Esteemed physician to his many patients for 50 years.
But don't plan to get a couple for sending cookies up to camp.
Through his vision and leadership, Club ABC Tours became one of the most important private tour organizations in the United States with a nationwide club membership.
Word spread, and more Habitat for Humanity families took advantage of free housing.
The victory helped him qualify for the American Express Championship this week.
''There's no Mayor Bradley endorsement,'' said David Cunningham, whom Mr. Bradley had backed to succeed him in the 10th District when he was elected Mayor.
No fiction editor concerned with plausibility would tolerate Weschler's characters: an Indian schoolteacher who rescues a broke Manhattan painter from obscurity; a rocket scientist who trains to be a circus clown; a Russian music prodigy who passes his 10th decade as a musical lexicographer in West Los Angeles.
''Technical questions have held it up in the past,'' the Assemblyman said.
Despite the dismal track record of such approaches, she predicted that marketers would persevere until they established a technological link to the masses.
But he added that such a claim seemed to him to be misdirected.
''When the Asian contagion started in late 1997, no one thought anybody would build another plant,'' Mr. Oelschlager said.
As Mass MOCA's mission evolved over the years, the Guggenheim's role gradually diminished.
A14 Indictments in Bank Scandal A Federal grand jury in Manhattan indicted three people and three of their companies in the the first criminal charges to come out of the inquiry at the Bank of New York.
Previous Governments attacked opposition leaders for saying that about 100,000 people might have died in the violence.
While the report said that the Comptroller's office had, with the assistance of examiners, compiled a list of 18 ''pro-C.R.A.''
Mixed-race South Africans are of many religions, but hundreds of thousands are descendants of Malaysian slaves brought here by the Dutch in the 18th century and follow Islam.
(O.K., polyester from Victoria's Secret.)
While attending San Francisco State University, Ms. Smith received attention for her short films ''Daily Rains'' (1991) and ''Chronicles of a Lying Spirit by Kelly Garbon'' (1992).
His friends and family described him as a hard-working and pious man who neither drank nor smoked.
Keeping the Web open, of course, has fueled its phenomenal growth, which in turn has created a much larger market for commercial exploitation.
First, the Kremlin declared that it would no longer be bound by an agreement that gave Chechnya de facto independence.
Brisky, who also shot a 65, and Lewis completed 72 holes at 261, 19 shots under par for the 6,762-yard Oakwood Country Club course.
Saturday at 7:30 P.M. at Bergen Community College, Paramus.
Building inspectors and fire officials descended on the building and concluded that the cause of its problems was the excavation work at 26 Heyward, according to Joseph Trivisonno, who was then the buildings commissioner in Brooklyn.
Retailing tends to be among the lowest-paying type of employment, so the one-time bonus could equal a month's pay for some.
When making the buy for the Michael Kors line, she sat with an assistant buyer, Jason Tucker, in front of a cork bulletin board, to which he had tacked Polaroids of each outfit at the runway show.
The change gave great power to health maintenance organizations, which could demand that hospitals lower their rates or see patients routed to other hospitals.
The Security Council, in its resolution, expressed deep concern about the ''grave humanitarian situation'' in East Timor.
But personally, he says he's happier than he has ever been.
Makeup by Ashley Ward for the Wall Group.
At Columbia, applicants for venture financing must be enrolled full-time in the M.B.A. program and be the primary force behind their businesses -- though the ventures may be only in the planning stage.
We come back and increase your taxes.
I no longer trust anyone.
Mr. Schroder, in turn, accused the Greens of pursuing too radical an agenda.
Conditions in women's prisons varied substantially, and Ms. Coomaraswamy urged that minimum standards be adopted to conform with United States obligations under international treaties guaranteeing human rights.
''The owners have already given them notice, and they are out here looking.''
Adrift in his thoughts, he would wander through a graveyard and circle the streets of Queens in the dim hours before dawn.
A traffic light may have prevented the tragedy.
Main courses included halibut in a lemon-butter sauce set atop a potato cake with greens, a nice piece of fish, but essentially dull.
Memorial service on January 29, 1999 at Branam Funeral Home, Homestead, Florida.
Funeral from the Silverton Memorial Funeral Home 2482 Church Road, Toms River, Monday 8:45am, Mass to follow 10:00am at St. Dominic's RC Church, Brick, NJ.
Most states require DNA samples only from people convicted of sexual offenses.
Illinois 84, Kansas 70 Cory Bradford scored 19 of his 21 points in the second half as No.
Mr. Price also said he had invested in Village Bank because he believes in community banking, not because he wants to be a backseat driver.
Didn't anyone tell Wallace it would be a bad idea to write an 18-page, barely punctuated mock-Homeric epic about 1970's television producers in southern California?
''If your pitches are straight with the same speed, you're going to get hit.
To a young doctor learning the subtle arts of diagnosis, it was a welcome step off the clinic treadmill.
''Cheap, mean, rude, pushy,'' says an exasperated local resident.
Harrison, who leads the N.F.L.
The actors never show their faces (the curtain rises by degrees, but only as high as shoulder level); they speak not a single word, and, oh yes, the lead character is a rock.
Convinced that Christians were targeted by the assailants in Littleton -- a view that has yet to be confirmed by official investigators -- Mr. Falwell found himself with a new perspective on the victims of hate crimes: ''You don't know what it means to be targeted until you've been targeted yourself.''
Only outside assistance, obtained through threats to withdraw from the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty and periodic launchings of increasingly long-range ballistic missiles, has staved off a total, terminal collapse.
The vote followed a vigorous speech by Mr. Schroder in which he said that ''the genocide in Yugoslavia cannot be met with pacifism'' and that Germany must stand by the ethnic Albanian ''victims of expulsion, rape and murder.''
Yet for all the hopes of healing, the bitterness and turmoil of the past months were underscored when the Senate side of the Capitol had to be cleared for more than an hour because of a bomb scare shortly after the trial had ended, just as senators had begun a series of news conferences.
He reported that his team found ''a depressing panorama of empty villages, burned houses, looted shops, wandering livestock and unattended farms.''
Will Atlanta be as consistently timely at the plate as it was this week?
The Collegium's next Manhattan concert, all instrumental music, is on March 14 at Town Hall.
And in random interviews at Republican events, participants who favor abortion rights often remark that Governor Bush's anti-abortion stand was tolerable because they remembered that his father once was on their side.
President Slobodan Milosevic of Yugoslavia removed Montenegro's army commander and seven other top generals today, the official Tanjug news agency said, in what was widely seen as an effort to tighten Belgrade's control over Montenegro.
The recommendations, issued here today at the annual meeting of the Sickle Cell Disease Association of America, reflect growing attention to the importance of relieving pain, not just in sickle cell disease but throughout medicine.
Mr. House was in a whimsical mood in ''Schubert Dances,'' a solo for himself to Schubert piano pieces played by David Shimoni.
Buyers would probably wait for further profits this year and inspect the ''book of business'' in the first half of next year before making an offer, Mr. Hoehn said.
Last night at the Garden for example, Camby, who had been a nonfactor since being acquired for Charles Oakley, received significant playing time in the first half because of Sprewell's absence.
Recovery is expected to take three or four months for the sixth-round draft choice from Northwestern (La.)
Lacking the legal status and fluent English that might ease their entry into better-paying employment, the deliverymen have, until now, put up with jobs that pay less than $2.50 an hour and require 12-hour days, six days a week.
''The bursts are like beacons, flashing us messages from the early universe,'' he said.
''I'll never forget the day I took him outside for the first time,'' she says.
4, while they differed little in detail from Mr. Fischer's on Friday afternoon, tended to be more dynamic, less inclined to linger over nuance and coloration.
You are with one or the other.''
4 East, Paramus, New Jersey.
You had your chance to ask a question, and now you're trying to get in another one.
A call to the Health and Hospitals Corporation was not immediately returned.
Witness the flurry of activity after Nationsbank bought and assumed the name of BankAmerica in a $60 billion stock deal or after SBC Communications announced its intent to acquire Ameritech for $62 billion in stock, a deal the Federal Communications Commission is reviewing.
Ms. Slatos said it was bad enough to have breast cancer without having to worry about being judged or looked down on by heterosexual women in a support group, or having to masquerade as straight to avoid their disapproval.
he said in a nervous whisper that suggested his pockets might not be quite that deep.
Remaining tickets, $98 and $160 (Allan Kozinn).
Some have long worked in government, often on the staff of Council members they hope to succeed.
''I know when to put on the gloves and when I need to have the badge on.
Although the actors are in period dress, the effect is both modern and intimate.
The first few sips were citrusy and refreshing, the next few cloying.
According to the latest tax assessment records, market values of homes in the neighborhood are $80,000 to $250,000.
He will be free to cover any mistakes by his two central defenders, Kevin Knight and Mike Petke.
Uchu (which means Cosmos) is 24 inches in diameter and has a six-foot cord; it's $300 at Omen, 113 Thompson Street (Prince Street); (212) 925-8923.
The rate includes full board, laundry, guided drives and walks.
Now, in one of the most tangible signs of the change the revolution wrought, its makers are scattered in many different careers and fields, and around the world.
It has supplied teachers with a detailed outline of what they should be teaching -- and when -- in the language arts, mathematics, science and social studies.
By the 1997-98 season, the number of skier visits was down to 75,000.
's still think of advertising as something further down on the food chain than it should be, an expense instead of an investment,'' said Lou Schultz, vice chairman at Campbell-Ewald in Warren, Mich., a unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies, who made a presentation on the survey at this year's conference.
The third will begin with a float -- its design unannounced and rather hard to imagine -- honoring the 15th Party Congress of 1997.
Mr. Abinanti said his prime concern at this time is the carting legislation.
In addition, Mr. Bonavia said, Sprint spent $8.14 million in 1998 for advertising in magazines, newspapers and television stations that cater to blacks, but $1.45 million the year before.
Through June 30, its sales were negligible.
Shut-off valves are designed to be left in either the fully open or closed position, and they will often leak if turned half way.
Other Democrats also exploring a gubernatorial bid include the two other candidates who had tried to win the nomination in 1997: Michael Murphy, the former Morris County prosecutor; and Representative Robert E. Andrews, a Democrat from southern New Jersey.
When she arrived in Japan, neither her suitcase nor her golf bag had made it.
TIME and again this summer, Michael Kane was drawn up a marble staircase at Grand Central Terminal, then up two more flights in the terminal's southwest corner to a glass door guarded by ornate metal gates.
The poster, which began going up around New York and Los Angeles late last month, is based on a still photograph taken on the set of the film, and in that photograph it is clear to see that the sixth point of the Star of David is hidden by a fold in Mr. Williams's jacket, said Ed Russell, executive vice president of publicity for Columbia Pictures, which is releasing the film on Sept. 24.
Are children harmed by divorce?
He introduced hundreds of species of rhododendrons to a friend's East Hampton garden.
4:36:28 19445 Corrigan, M, 44M .
But Columbia, Cornell, Stanford and the University of Pennsylvania use A-plus.
The sculptures date mostly from this year, although the first one encountered inside the gallery is one in the window that was made in 1997.
While he was at it, he bemoaned the incursions of auto giants and corporations like Republic Industries into selling cars.
Certainly the transformation of an immigrant peddler's operation into a multibillion-dollar-a-year financial institution is an American classic, and Ms. Endlich describes its various stages with an insider's expertise.
Municipal bureaucrats denied his accusation, and Mr. Ishihara has since chosen his words more carefully by criticizing the difference between what the government agreed to pay and the actual cost of the line.
Interment to follow Calverton National Cemetery.
4:30:33 18008 Summers, L, 34F .
Bill Spiers singled, then Bagwell singled; Spiers went to third base, and when Brian Jordan's throw from right field skipped past Jones at third base, Bagwell went to second.
At least as they look to us now, they are akin to poetics, meaning not that the pictures illustrate poems but that they emulate the character of verse: they are evocative and allusive without being explicit.
''It is scored for a very large orchestra, and there are some technical considerations, as there are in most concerti.
The teacher, a youthful-looking woman with long hair, was with her support group for younger widowed people, which meets in a ground-floor office in an Upper West Side apartment building.
They did so late Friday evening, to the surprise and consternation of NATO officials who were planning to move their own troops into Kosovo.
There are elections June 13 for the members of the 626-seat European Parliament in Strasbourg.
(He took a bullet during a courthouse shootout in the season's two-part finale and earned a promotion to the opening-credits roster of stars.)
EXTRA POINTS JASON SEHORN's hamstring injury is not improving as quickly as the team had hoped and Coach JIM FASSEL said Sehorn would be sidelined for at least the rest of the week and might miss the first preseason game, Aug. 13 at Minnesota.
During his distinguished career, he was a valued couselor to many prominent people and a source of wisdom, comfort and joy to all who had the good fortune to know him.
''He gets no support from the Government.''
At its heart is an ability to breach the juvenile mind, a talent that leaves even the hippest parent in a slow burn of befuddlement and impotent anger.
''I keep going back to Stick Michael,'' Parcells said, speaking of Gene Michael, a former general manager of the Yankees.
The Rangers' left wing has 0 goals and 2 assists in 32 games, and was replaced by Darren Langdon, a fist-fighting expert playing in his 18th game.
Mr. Rappoport, who lives and works in Teaneck, said he learned that 40 percent of visits to veterinarians was for animals' reactions to separations and stress.
Another senior Defense official said that if the airport operated 24 hours a day and was not hampered by the weather, the full force could arrive within 16 days.
At the center of the play is a monologue.
That seems low compared with rates in the United States, but they are nonetheless getting high enough here to choke off a recovery.
He graduated from the University of Virginia and received a master's degree in architecture from Yale University.
This stunning exhibition surveys the work of Nellie Mae Rowe (1900-1982), the daughter of a former slave, who seems to have seen herself as an artist since early childhood.
Mr. Eskew helped design a $40 million advertising blitz for the big tobacco companies during the Congressional fight over Federal anti-tobacco legislation.
''The Speaker would advocate for enhanced disclosure,'' said Patricia Lynch, a spokeswoman for the Assembly Speaker, Sheldon Silver, a Manhattan Democrat.
Before the last victim's body was found, local residents dug frantically through snow that slid down the 250-foot hill and punched through the wall of the gym, Mr. Harvey said.
GEORGE STREET PLAYHOUSE ''Down the Garden Paths,'' by Anne Meara.
Besides making the tax code bewilderingly complex, the layering of credits creates other problems.
It took several years for Mr. Grant, an actor best known for his Tony-nominated role as an anguished Mormon in ''Angels in America,'' to secure a production for this play, his first, but his patience has been rewarded.
Under a system that took two years to develop, all Internet connections in the country have been routed through a hub outside Riyadh, where high-speed Government computers block access to thousands of sites catalogued on a rapidly expanding blacklist.
A government that does not protect the rights of its citizens to produce and own the product of that effort is the greatest danger to capitalism.
1 player, wore an invisible bounty on his head along with his signature white headband as he shuffled out to the grandstand court today for his fourth-round assignation with the scruffy Sebastien Grosjean of France at the Lipton Championships.
Park View at the Boathouse ** [Rating: Two Stars] (212) 517-2233 Loeb Boathouse, about 72nd Street in Central Park $$$ All major cards In the Loeb Boathouse next to Central Park's prettiest lake, Park View combines pastoral charm with views of skyscrapers peeking over the trees.
Kaye bogeyed the next hole and Furyk parred, but Kaye drew even again with a birdie on No.
Nov. 23 - Fourteen-night voyage from Bombay to Singapore, calling Goa, Cochin, Colombo, Koh Miang, Phuket, Penang and Port Kelang.
It displays hundreds of works in dozens of media expertly placed in contexts that constantly pull one's attention outward, toward the show's flickering edges: landmark events, famous personalities, banned or controversial books, emblematic snippets of film, song and television, and even the ephemeral.
The duo also reached six United States finals, one short of Fred Alexander and Harold Hackett's record seven, and they won the national titles in 1931 and 1935.
EUROPE GERMANY: KOHL INQUIRY BEGINS -- Parliament began an investigation into allegations that former Chancellor Helmut Kohl's party accepted bribes.
''QUINCEANERA,'' part of a month of programs exploring how birthdays are celebrated in different cultures, at the Brooklyn Children's Museum, 145 Brooklyn Avenue, at St. Marks Avenue, Crown Heights.
Finally, she said: ''If he chooses not to, I am the kind of person who looks at an opportunity and never says 'no' to an opportunity if it is something I want to do.
Mr. Wolff said it would be a remarkable achievement, considering that boomers entered the work force when the economy was stagnant and that the sheer volume of workers kept wages low.
''It's a shame, but he is retired,'' Albertrani said yesterday morning at his barn at Belmont Park.
She was truly a champion and will be missed.
Later, after the students struggled with problems like 3 times 6 and 2 times 5, a boy said that until recently he was tutored at home by a cousin who told him that 10 plus 10 is 100.
The Microsoft videotape was intended to show that its browsing technology could not be removed from Windows 98 without damaging its operations, contrary to earlier testimony by Edward W. Felten, a Princeton University computer scientist and a Government witness, who said he could disable the browser without harm to Windows.
And then there are people who want us to do all the work, to set up everything.
Normally my commute is a snap, maybe 35 minutes.
Ms. Greenberg of the Westchester Children's Association agreed.
SO brisk is demand now that auto factories across North America are straining to meet it.
She had called work two or three times to explain, she said, and her co-workers at Empire Blue Cross/Blue Shield, where she is an investigator, were understanding.
His father is the managing partner in the Washington office of Winston & Strawn, the Chicago law firm.
Experts from France, India and Russia helped draft the bill.
From 7 to 10 days after exposure, an individual can come down with a flulike illness that starts with mild, nonspecific symptoms like fever, sore throat, headache, rash, nausea, vomiting and malaise.
A young woman in Kyoto has to reinvent herself after World War II begins.
In part, the program will be paid for with a $6,000 grant from a nonprofit organization called Invest for Kids, given to the entrepreneur program through the county.
suspended Reynolds for a positive drug test.
All the parties cloak themselves in virtue.
''If you don't go to emergency, it doesn't count for them,'' Ms. Gorritz said, shaking her head.
The bill passed by the Senate also calls for $3 billion to be spent during the next five years to step up security at American embassies around the world, an amount requested by the Clinton Administration in the aftermath of the bombing last year of the embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
By ninth grade, his parents decided, with a boost from an uncle, to send him to the private Carrabassett Academy for academics and ski training.
There are no reliable statistics about gym because many teachers and principals say it has become a lie.
''Together, we have made every effort to explore the various alternatives which would have enabled us to move our spring training operations to Fort McDowell,'' Dodgers President Bob Graziano said.
Programmable logic controllers in each room contain sensors that adjust the temperature and humidity levels every five minutes.
But to the great surprise of Hingis, the 26th-ranked Rubin did not leave her championship chops on the practice court.
Patients cannot tell whether they have a defective canister by looking, because the inhaler may appear to emit an aerosol spray even if that spray does not contain active drug, the company said.
Registered Republicans outnumber Democrats 3 to 1 in most election districts in Suffolk.
We had a great ride, too.
''Skier'' (1999), on the other hand, is a bit more sinister.
The acquisitions are a nice counterpoint to large accounts recently lost by Lowe agencies like the Mercedes-Benz of North America unit of DaimlerChrysler A.G. and the United Distillers and Vintners unit of Diageo P.L.C.
They are eager to retrieve the obscure recordings that justify expanding greatest-hits collections into the boxed sets that have become fixtures of the holiday market.
Crew said: ''That is a really, really cynical view.
''I see this auguring the collapse of French cinema in its entirety.
I'm glad it's doing well, because it's good for the economy here.
''The Children of Nathan Starr'' (1835) by Ambrose Andrews (1801-77) is a lovely rendition of four children playing shuttlecock around their seated older sister, before an idyllic riverscape that appears through an open French window.
Revenue rose to $4.7 billion from $4.3 billion.
A. I was teaching design at the Glasgow School of Art in 1987.
''I said I thought we should go out and celebrate,'' he recalled.
Consequently, today's resolution promises to review the $5.26 billion limit on oil export revenues if Iraq reaches the ceiling before Nov. 20.
The vigilantes, most prominently a Muslim group calling itself People Against Gangsterism and Drugs, are suspected of setting off as many as 80 bombs in the last year in an attempt to kill drug dealers, police officers and moderate Muslim leaders and to damage synagogues.
But part of that, said David Latham of the Premium Bob troupe, has to do with ''shock fatigue.''
''I came home one summer and wanted to do something different.
But Cherie Turner, a store manager at Bicycle Habitat, said the utility cuts she has encountered were deeper than two inches.
Many are less than a decade out of graduate school, which makes Mr. Krueger, a 38-year-old Princeton University professor and the editor of the prestigious Journal of Economic Perspectives, already an elder statesman of the growing empirical movement.
asked Pederson, who has lived with the Yanomami and other tribes.
The Nasdaq composite index is weighted by market capitalization, and a third of it now is accounted for by just five of the 4,842 companies in the index: Microsoft, Intel, Cisco Systems, MCI-Worldcom and Qualcomm.
He was a late entry into the foursome, replacing Payne Stewart.
She encourages people to just sit with their aging parents.
On Friday a jury found Daniel Rocha, 29, guilty of first-degree murder and a lesser charge of conspiracy to commit murder for the Nov. 7, 1997, killing of Sheila Bellush.
Also, 47 percent of Westchester's students read at mastery levels, compared with 32 percent of third graders statewide.
The substation was built in 1917 and shut in 1991, when an electrical feeder cable burned up, said Al O'Leary, a spokesman for New York City Transit.
A charter member of the bridge-and-tunnel crowd, I left the party at 10.
OLD DOMINION (28-4) -- An uphill battle awaits because Mery Andrade, the best player and best defender, is gone, along with the other 3-point shooters.
For the price of admission, the Warriors watched their biggest crowd of the season -- 18,500 -- file through the turnstiles, in part to gawk at the sideshow: Carlesimo and Sprewell.
The announcement -- the most extensive relaxation of sanctions against the North since the Korean War -- came four days after North Korea agreed to a temporary halt in its tests of long-range missiles.
In his speech, he ignored the ''don't ask, don't tell'' policy altogether, but after reporters were ushered out of the room, the policy and how the services were carrying it out came up in the question-and-answer session.
Some of those likely to go declined to comment on the mission itself.
Actually, this amounts to a series of lessons on when to brake, when to shift, when to turn and when to accelerate.
19 Kh1 Be5 20 Rd7 Qd7 21 Be5 Qh3 22 Kg1 Qf3?
Neither of the agents who were part of the deal -- Barbara Cardozo of Douglas Elliman, who listed the apartment, and Eric Ozada from William B.
Samuel Currin, an attorney representing Mr. Hoke, declined to comment on the veracity of the charges.
''I didn't see the fine print.
Their music can best be described as adult alternative pop.
Fearful that months more could be consumed by a trial of the President on the two articles of impeachment approved by the House, Senators Trent Lott of Mississippi, the majority leader, and Tom Daschle of South Dakota, the minority leader, have been working across party lines for the last few weeks in an effort to forge a compromise that would end a trial quickly and without witnesses.
The firefighter, whose name was not released by Fire Department officials, pulled up in front of a Ticketmaster outlet on Broad Street just before 9 A.M., a few minutes before the box office was scheduled to open.
After 35 minutes of tumbleweeds and Joshua trees, we arrived at what looked like a mirage.
''For instance people never used to park in front of other people's homes.
He sometimes mentioned famous customers, though he never hung their portraits in the shop, believing that all his customers were worthy of respect.
Hours: Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays, 11 A.M. to 5 P.M.; Thursdays and Sundays, 1 to 5 P.M.
Bill of Rights he studied first at the University of California, then transferred to New York University, where he earned a Phi Beta Kappa key and graduated in 1948 with a major in English.
He was not penalized, but the gesture was replayed on television at least twice.
Escape no longer appears to be an option for Grozny's civilians.
Ordonez was eventually drafted and signed by the Mets, and he has earned hundreds of thousands of dollars over the last several years.
10 Things I Hate About You Julia Stiles, Heath Ledger, Joseph-Gordon Levitt, Larisa Oleynik, Andrew Keegan, Larry Miller Directed by Gil Junger PG-13 -- -- 94 minutes Shakespeare can't get a rest these days.
When asked what happened to the neighborhood around the church that he has served since his ordination in 1955, he said simply, ''Urban removal.''
And some people are skeptical about whether the complicated project will ever materialize.
Under the resolution, Indonesia is also expected to bring thousands of East Timorese back to the territory safely from West Timor, the other half of the island, which has always been part of Indonesia.
The Orioles then emerged from their dugout, to some boos, and the teams shook hands with each other.
Union meetings, expected to last more than an hour, ended after about 10 minutes.
''Plans call for that number to grow substantially in the coming years,'' Mr. Mullin said.
The 16 countries, and institutions including the Asian Development Bank and World Bank, are expected to pledge at least $450 million for the next year.
Summing up his remarks to Mr. Henderson, a 175-pound man who had helped to kill his 105-pound son, Matthew's father said, ''It takes a brave man to tie up another man, who did not know how to clench a fist until he was 13 years old.''
The Potomac Electric Power Company bought 17 natural gas distribution networks from four local governments in the Netherlands for $525 million in cash, its second investment in the Dutch gas market in four months.
Unlike other versions, this one made a distinction between two sets of flowers: Albrecht's roses that Giselle rejected, and white lilies that he tore from her as tangible evidence of her ghostly presence.
''In the last five years, 30 shows in London have drawn more than 100,000 people,'' Mr. Tennant noted, ''of which 18 were at the academy.
Jennifer L. Howse, Ph.D., President Richard J. Freeman, Chairman
For the moment, Mr. Preval's maneuvering appears to have paid off.
''We don't have a God complex,'' Dr. Gates said.
At 15, Sandage made a pilgrimage with his father to the Mount Wilson Observatory, where Hubble was working his miracles.
The three teen-agers were among a group of about 95 high school students from the Denver area, including 6 from Littleton, who flew to Washington today and descended on the Capitol to meet lawmakers and make a case for the kinds of more stringent restrictions on firearms that Congress has yet to adopt.
The merger -- which secured final approval yesterday from regulators in Massachusetts, where both banks are based -- did not need approval from Connecticut officials.
Martin Silverman: Pokemon has a tremendous appeal to young children because they identify with story characters who can level the field despite being smaller than their adversaries.
You shouldn't have a coach worrying about that kind of thing.''
Fortunately, our current nuclear plants are more efficient than ever and have productions costs equal to those of coal, the lowest-priced competitor.
The result is that the culture of the inside elite is not contested by the adults in the school.
I know of only one person who came close to getting it right: Raymond Aron, the French philosopher and liberal anti-Communist.
Instead, he was shown a picture of him.
We know we've got a long way to go.
Just south near the Peach Orchard, markers, top left, commemorate action by New Jersey's Seventh Regiment and B Battery, First Artillery.
These accumulations of lint will block the airflow so the duct must be cleaned periodically.
Directed by Walter Salles (R, 115 minutes).
''I've said before that banking is dead and we should bury it,'' said Richard M. Kovacevich, the chief executive of Wells Fargo & Company, a bank -- oops, financial services concern -- formed last year through the Norwest Corporation's acquisition of Wells Fargo.
to make a determination either way.
If one barrier is broken but not the other, the runner who breaks the barrier will collect all $10,000.
Grant suffered the injury against Seton Hall on Jan. 9, but the fracture went undetected until an m.r.i.
It would not be hard to reduce the carnage.
On one such journey, he retraced the path blazed by Dr. David Livingstone along the Zambezi River in the mid-1800's.
The 35-year-old Gonzalez, , who has never been a head coach at the collegiate or high school varsity level, replaces John Leonard, who was dismissed on March 1 after a 26-57 record in three seasons and what the school termed a failure to attract local talent.
14 16 *THE LEXUS AND THE OLIVE TREE, by Thomas L. Friedman.
Likewise, Heritage High is considered one of the area's best.
Around the walls, Ms. Thacher has used the light wire as a drawing tool.
She also pays tribute to musical idols from Dinah Washington to Laura Nyro and sings a medley of her television jingles.
''This understanding will improve the effectiveness of prevention and control strategies for the future.''
''It's getting very messy,'' said Stephen D. McDonald, chief executive of TD Waterhouse Group, an online brokerage firm that charges $12 for some trades.
Small industrial regions on the outskirts of the city seemed deserted with frightened residents sleeping outdoors as a precaution in case new tremors toppled more buildings.
(AP) MACEDONIA: PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION SET -- An election will be held on Oct. 31 to choose a successor to the 84-year-old President, Kiro Gligorov, who said he would not seek a second five-year term.
''Misaligned currencies cannot be defended by high interest rates,'' Rudiger Dornbusch, a leading international economist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, said yesterday.
Williams, formerly the cleanup hitter, had a rather hollow .318 average, with a total of 18 extra-base hits.
Recommended dishes -- Sea scallops with sesame, grilled shrimps with feta, portobello with cheese and onions, medallions of antelope with pear sauce, kangaroo rib eye, grilled pork with sweet potato, breast of duck, white chocolate mousse, flourless chocolate cake, chocolate pecan pie.
Heather Berest, a damsel in distress in a black negligee, tosses her pre-Raphaelite locks around as she is pursued by the local monster, Andrew Asnes in evening coat, stocking mask and fright wig.
For every small business owner who has struggled with personal computers that crash, printers that won't print and networks that don't network, Sheldon Laube says he has the answer.
Even at $4.8 million, the marked money amounts to less than one-thousandth of 1 percent of the currency in circulation.
Upscale women, she contends, often have a difficult time leaving their abusers because they're dependent on an upper-class life style.
Roasted chicken, however, needed more zip than the superficial nudge of chili provided by Mexican pipian verde sauce, which never penetrated the thickest parts of boneless flesh.
He was killed by a single bullet to the head, Colonel Kapotsev said.
Friends may call at the Sinatra Memorial Home, Inc., 601 Yonkers Ave., Yonkers, on Tuesday 6-9 PM and Wednesday 2-4 & 7-9 PM.
Meanwhile, Washington has long been home to a large concentration of defense contractors, like Lockheed Martin and the General Dynamics Corporation, as well as aerospace companies, including Comsat and the Orbital Sciences Corporation.
and his dark, massive warmth drove me nuts'' sounds awfully vague.
A strong report on housing starts in the United States pushed the dollar's value up further against the Japanese currency.
''Don't hate your kid because he didn't get 1,500's,'' he tells them.
A conference at Northwestern University in November, which brought together about one-third of the more than 75 people freed from death row since the nation resumed executions in 1972, provided a graphic portrait of the irrevocable risks inherent in the death penalty.
Mr. Starr's staff is still ''researching'' whether to turn over to the National Archives the dress, the gifts from the President and the collection of documents, Ms. Ray said.
5:01:58 24980 Veldhuis-Ditzel, J, 41F .
We extend to his wife Gertrude and the family our heartfelt sympathy.
The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index rose 13.39 points, to 1,344.16.
City Line, a smallish, eight-year old family-owned mortgage banker in San Diego, is not being charitable.
He pulled in behind the car and studied it for a moment.
In the last month, Mr. Schroder rejected calls for a wealth tax, clamped down on social security, said the state's 49 percent share of the economy must be slashed and proclaimed that the 40-year-old program defining Social Democracy's aims must be rewritten.
Make the dressing by combining the remaining olive oil, vinegar, mustard and garlic.
Mr. Valdez's death warrant had not yet been signed by Governor Bush when an ''extraction team'' of five officers, along with other officers, came to remove Mr. Valdez from his cell so they could search for weapons after prison officials said he had threatened to kill a guard.
Mr. Tucker managed to build only a handful of his ''cars of the future'' in the late 1940's before his enterprise crumbled.
Spiders' Life Spans Q How long do spiders live?
Some of today's colonists find irony in the notion that Belgium, which they describe as a low-profile nation rich in homebodies, could be seen as trendy.
port, but in practice only someone with a severe U.S.B.
PRICE RANGE -- $42 three-course meal.
In the winter of 1996, the construction company building the bridge was granted a three-month delay because of severe outdoor conditions.
An Executive in aerospace industry.
's leading rebounder in each of the past seven seasons.
Terry Mathews (1-0), recalled from Class AAA Omaha earlier in the day, pitched two hitless innings for his first major league victory since 1997 while with Baltimore.
''I do know how it happened, though.
Giving up control is a big step for an artistic director.
''People are ready for a new national champion.''
The goal of Lewis's unit, the criminal-interdiction unit, is to find drugs, guns and untaxed cigarettes in the cars of smugglers.
Mr. Spano said that before applying for aid, residents must take the following steps: assess damage to their homes and businesses and get cost estimates for repairs and replacement value of objects lost; document damage, with photographs, a list of items lost or damaged and receipts, and contact insurance companies to determine their coverage.
The tests are also used as an alternative to tracking by intelligence, with some teachers tailoring class discussions, lesson plans and even essay questions to type.
The couple took notice of one another for the first time in 1993 when she was doing publicity for a charity sports event that Prince Edward headed.
'' The red tide turned the water blood-red from the shore to about 100 yards out, Mr.
''I've always been torn between art and music,'' she said.
SPLURGING is for holiday time, especially this year, as the millennium nears the finish line.
Optioned LHP Rigo Beltran to Norfolk of the International League.
Electroshock they did to everyone.
On Wednesday their lineup included six .300-plus hitters.
Testaverde recently reflected again on his changed approach to the game.
Jackson's crotch grabbing brought stellar ratings and viewer protests.
Operation Condor was organized by the Chilean secret intelligence service primarily to hunt down Chilean political exiles living in neighboring countries.
Aren't we supposed to make our own way, without reverting to pillaging the identities of men, and peddling their love messages, to inflate our own identities?
That slowdown has also affected some of its large bottlers, which have posted gloomy results, too.
Piso (the word for ''floor'' in Spanish), is the creation of Mexican-born Lorena Herrera and is made of high-density foam rubber and masonite clad in vinyl.
Mr. Easton, who became a member of the I.O.C.
In almost every way, Camp Kehilla is just an ordinary day camp.
But like a lot of his strait-laced colleagues at I.B.M., the 49-year-old engineer found his cause this year after realizing his employer planned to cut his pension by what he estimates as 40 percent.
I've got to call his manager.
Williams said she felt blessed to have her sister for a trailblazer, but insisted that she felt no additional pressure to become an African-American role model after her Grand Slam victory.
''It's the worst feeling to have, knowing you have to play harder,'' Artest said.
Ending the first act of ''Out of the Blue,'' Emma Zaks, playing a high school girl distressed by parental divorce and first love, sings and struts her way across the stage of the 30th Street Theater in a number called ''A Real-Life Musical Comedy.''
''This one was his decision,'' the official said of the mayor.
Funeral services will be at 1 P.M., Thursday, June 10, at the Menorah Chapels at Millburn, 2950 Vaux Hall Road, Union, New Jersey.
At issue is whether any bidder is willing to risk letting the tournament slip away for a decade without making a blockbuster offer.
''Misery loves company,'' Mr. Wreghitt said of the closing shows, ''but this is a company I'd rather not be part of.''
questioned Dr. Lee after a wiretap picked up a phone conversation he had had with a scientist from Lawrence Livermore who had been fired in connection with the government's investigation into China's theft of neutron bomb secrets.
But we do feel that it was far too important a discovery not to learn something from it.''
Ellen L. Tillotson performed the Episcopal ceremony at the house of the bride's parents in Little Compton, R.I.
In Philadelphia, the school board is planning to hold summer school for about 10,000 children who have done poorly in 3d, 7th or 11th grade.
The spring rolls -- cool cylinders of rice paper wrapped around shrimp, vegetables and strands of rice vermicelli -- are delightfully refreshing; the little steamed shrimp dumplings are well executed.
But at any of the clubs along the East Coast, you can find 100, or 1,000, front men for good bands that match the same description.
The bridegroom's mother was a psychotherapist in Paris, where his father was a dentist; both are retired.
Hebrew and Yiddish tales will be told in English with music, guitar, poetry and song (516) 488-1616.
Mr. Armstrong, 49, has been accused by United States prosecutors of defrauding Japanese investors of hundreds of millions of dollars.
It is common practice to drain some sauce from a stew or pot roast and serve it over pasta, and in Mantua, the pot roast is often donkey.
''One, two, three, four, five, six,'' she said.
Sobel's Galileo is a man both proud and humble, religious yet free thinking, stubborn yet giving, politically astute yet sensitive, tender yet full of wit, a man later described by his son as ''easily angered but more easily calmed.''
OFTEN, the costliest outings are held for clients, not workers.
Mother of Michelle and the late Steven J. Drayer, grandmother of Emily, William, Caroline; sister of Allan Feuer.
Yet, with poignant tenacity, Mr. Quayle perseveres, motivated by the political vindication he has pursued since he was selected as a Vice-Presidential candidate 11 years ago, and by the dogged belief in the possibility of success.
Stroke play rules are used with each match counting 1 point.
A fire at that address, on the second floor of the two-story brick building, was reported at 1:15 P.M., and was brought under control by 1:32 P.M., a Fire Department spokesman said.
Shares of Cisco Systems Inc. fell 1.1 percent after the No.
In one very nice development, and a horrifying one to their parents, Ben begins a chaste but sexually loaded friendship with Sylvia (Ms. Johnson), an equally bright middle-class black girl.
Chez Oskar's design elements are heavily French-accented, from the opening hours hand-painted on the glass front door to the poster for Lillet by the bar and the wall-size Fauvist painting of revelers.
RECOMMENDED DISHES -- Classic clams casino, quesadilla, fried calamari, sun-dried tomatoes with pasta, shrimp Florentine, broiled jumbo scallops, tiramisu, carrot cake.
In 1996, when the plaintiff, Jaswinder Pal Singh, and his wife, Silvia Ercolani, went to the restaurant for dinner, the staff pointed to a sign that said, ''Gentlemen are required to remove their headgear before being served.''
In the 120-gallon mini-reef in his Manhattan apartment, you can hardly see the triggerfish for the forest of living coral.
Mr. Fava said the abuse was discovered on Sunday, when the suspects took their victim to a birthday party for Ms. Geer at the Garfield home of Ms. Geer's mother, Edna Auffinger.
4:30:32 18005 Kleinberg, J, 31F .
This week terms like ''voyeurism'' and ''vicarious orgasms'' and ''ecstasy'' kept popping up when I canvassed people about the late 1990's appeal of ''Millionaire.''
Those centers, however, are designed to train light infantry.
He was 82 and lived in Northridge.
He also resisted the temptation to use fattening traditional Chinese ingredients like peanut oil, coconut, cashews and other nuts, replacing them with fresh herbs.
And maybe this is what American music is meant to be, not different or unique but a continuation.
The first two -- which earned him four points apiece -- he got in a notorious speed trap in Bloomfield where, he argues, the speed limit is set at the ridiculously low level of 25 miles an hour.
The slowdown has already lasted longer than experts predicted.
William Ahearn, a spokesman for Lehman, said the firm would not comment on any details of the case, which arose in the course of a routine N.A.S.D.
Radio astronomers detected two or three planets orbiting a stellar object, but it was not a normal star.
These are stills from a videotape that she calls ''an inquiry into the sad and beautiful ways we conflate nature with attributes of the feminine.''
Government employment, particularly in education, also grew strongly, while jobs disappeared in retailing and, once again, in manufacturing.
They express cautious optimism that continued vigilance will keep the emerging threats under control.
They had to call their son, Jon, who was at the airport, about to fly to Italy on business.
(Mr. Forstmann, alone among his oft-wedded siblings never to risk marriage, is emerging from a five-year relationship, but seems wanly hopeful.)
Why is there no date of death for Klaus?
Valentine would not likely use him in the field, even if the Mets lose John Olerud.
Now Playing * ''AFTER LIFE,'' starring Arata, Taketoshi Naito and Erika Oda.
4:14:58 13943 Coenen, T, 22M .
That was 21 years ago, when Eddie was 2 and throwing a ball around the living room.
Hepatitis doesn't itself cause cancer, it creates the environment, the damaged liver, so that eventually cancer develops.
Some Liberians have invited him to play on their team, but it is too far to go without a car.
It also accuses the President of lying to his aides about his dealings with Ms. Lewinsky.
I had great difficulty seeing and hearing, however.
But few of the police officers besides Mr. Greer find the youngsters tolerable.
Tradition is in your heart.''
''We're moving into a totally different arena,'' Mr. de Borchgrave said.
He said that he had no health insurance.
He had been out of football since the Giants cut him Sept. 1.
''It's not because of our money.
The same publisher has reissued Wanting a Child, edited by Jill Bialosky and Helen Schulman ($13), in which 22 writers recount their difficult, often painful struggles to conceive or adopt children.
Mr. Shandorf is free on bail.
Last year Falcon joined with Tele-Communications Inc. to restructure itself and refinance its heavy debt load, leaving TCI with a 47 percent stake in Falcon.
Jerry (Ben Stiller) believes that sex is all that matters while Barry (Aaron Eckhardt), a middle-aged husband, is impotent.
Gabriel grows up in America under the looming shadow of his mother's idol, Che Guevara -- the revolutionary, now reduced to a poster above his bed, whose death brought his parents together -- waiting for the restoration of democracy in Chile so that he can seek amatory advice from his father.
Some titles are also available on CD.
Valenti was drafted by the Toronto Blue Jays after graduating from Greenwich High School last June, but opted to attend Seminole State Junior College in Seminole, Okla., rather than turn professional.
Though his parents were separated when he was 10 years old and he lived with his mother, he remained close to his father.
They say I play a lot like him, but it is not intentional.
The only troubling aspect of the guarantee for Buchanan was that he spoke for the entire team.
I know this is only one day.
Diagrams of individual buildings include camera icons that not only allow access to the images but also show the angles from which they were taken.
Lithium batteries can be recharged whenever the opportunity arises.
THE last time a urinal was the center of attention, it was signed by Marcel Duchamp and hanging upside down in a show of avant-garde art.
they are like awful acquaintances who pull you into their little karaoke clubs and force you to sing these hokey songs about hope.''
Every few minutes the overhead lights go down and day changes to night.
Donald Kalwat apologized and told her to send the bill for the damaged doors to the city.
Duncan admits to being flattered by such compliments, but refuses to let them go to his head.
Instead, the new browser has a better system for making and organizing bookmarks, shortcuts to favorite sites.
He dreamed of expanded constituencies.
And he's a really smart guy.
Jessica and the baby, Joshua, who was burned, were hospitalized in critical condition, but doctors said they expected both to live.
JOHN TWACHTMAN: AN AMERICAN IMPRESSIONIST -- Twatchman's paintings done in Europe, Connecticut and Gloucester, Mass., were compared with Monet in their day, and for good reason.
4:21:08 15525 Esseghaier, Z, 28M .
In my opinion, they were the best Good Humor bars ever made.
On the 10th pitch of his at-bat, Tarasco popped up.
To explain the paradox, Morris argues that finance regularly follows a cycle of ''innovation, crisis and consolidation.''
(''You can see death in her eyes,'' one referee said.)
''BLAST FROM THE PAST,'' starring Brendan Fraser, Christopher Walken, Alicia Silverstone and Sissy Spacek.
County district attorneys have jurisdiction over most state crimes, and the state inspector general has the authority to investigate corruption in state agencies.
STARFISH by Peter Watts (Tor/Tom Doherty, $23.95) takes us to the abyss.
Part of the challenge is to increase the avail- ability of already affordable drugs.
Big on casting young people to play young people, Mr. Williamson had auditioned Ms. Coughlan believing her agent's claim that she was 18.
''The problem with managed care is that it became so intrusive in the relationship between patient and doctor,'' said Dr. Thomas R. Reardon, president of the American Medical Association.
That may be based on the broad access to the Internet and the speed with which this technology is spreading, Mr. Schwab said.
This is a change in typical current practice with brownstone work, which is, usually, to make the building look ''like new,'' either by full-bore replacement or by the more common strip-and-stucco method used on most row houses.
Another theme that has re-emerged with Mr. Barak's victory is the Administration's goal -- and Mr. Barak's desire -- to restart talks between Israel and Syria.
In her professional debut, Stevenson became the first female qualifier to reach the Wimbledon semifinals.
Because the chimpanzee is able to live with the virus without falling ill, the scientists expressed hope that their discovery would eventually help improve therapies and develop an effective vaccine against the AIDS virus.
We must demonstrate that we know the difference between a legal and just humanitarian intervention on behalf of a civilian population and an illegal and unjust military intervention against civilians.
Box 671, Quogue, New York 11959.
Open Tuesday through Sunday, 11 A.M. to 5 P.M. (Thursday evenings until 8).
''But peaches are coming next.
And she eagerly embraces the very risks that drive her near to despair: ''People kept telling me I couldn't play Lady Bracknell, but that was the appeal.
The monument industry was warning its customers about the potential for this particular Y2K problem back in the 1960's -- long before computers ran the world.
Maybe peace is just as newsworthy as war.''
''But you've got to respect them because of the connections.''
''New York is like Paris, a city where everybody's doing their own thing; it's not revolving around one person or one place.
He crossed to the diamond ace and took a spade finesse, which unexpectedly lost to the queen.
25, perhaps the most kingly of the concertos, full of flourishes for brass and timpani and elaborate passage work for the piano.
The loquacious Charles Barkley has expressed his desire to play for the Knicks.
''There are just so many unknowns.''
CATHOLIC CHARITIES, DIOCESE OF BROOKLYN AND QUEENS 191 Joralemon Street, Brooklyn, N.Y. 11201.
By late morning, she had charmed all of the babies to sleep.
Nowhere may such self-abnegation be more pronounced than in rap music.
The partners developed their technical skills at a time that Ms. Harrison refers to as the golden age in the industry, when high-tech design technology emerged with the ability to translate conventional advertising into an interactive computer setting.
(''High-tech in the mangroves,'' a local booster calls them.)
The last assertion is untrue, as were several other statements in the article.
That is twice its most expensive marketing effort to date -- the rollout of the Pentium MMX, which introduced embedded multimedia capability.
Over Republican objections, President Clinton today appointed James Hormel as Ambassador to Luxembourg, employing a rarely used executive privilege to make him the nation's first openly gay envoy.
Computer and other technology issues, benefiting from I.B.M.
First is the default, by Ecuador, on Brady bonds, something that has never happened before.
kickoff, and, as if guided by his own prophesy, he nearly broke free from the pack for a touchdown.
Presented by Reprise, Ms. Seligson, producing artistic director; Bryan Burch, managing director.
Everything was going well until I turned to the right side of the auditorium, and there in the middle of the seating block was someone I recognized.
Now that I fully understood the state of my household finances, I realized I was a rich woman.
''It's something the board will have to have a good look at.
''There is a turn toward cyclicals, and it is going to come at the expense of the technology and Internet sectors,'' said Richard E. Cripps, chief market strategist at Legg Mason in Baltimore.
Eleven current Senators were drafted by the team, including Aleksei Yashin, the Senators' captain and best player.
Seen from afar, viewers are reminded of the sequential photography of Eadweard Muybridge, as if Mr. Bertoldi were re-creating a progressive and segmented path of a door swinging open.
Also, American officials insisted that the satellite make at least two imaging scans of Antarctica.
''This is a growing and serious issue, the illegitimacy of the secretary general's commenting on the performance of U.N. member governments,'' he said in an interview.
Despite what he had most likely been through, Axel was gentle and friendly, and on this day he was also lucky.
The White House said a House bill for labor, education, health and human services programs would not do enough to improve such needy schools.
These trials suggest a goofy, sprawling, all-purpose allegory so overstuffed with symbolism that it plays as a kind of epic spoof of the form.
Many foreign carriers fly American-registered planes because they are leased from companies based here, but most fly planes registered in their own countries.
began using trucks for some parcels that would normally have gone on Conrail trains, because of delays in rail service.
To serve, arrange the fish on a platter, the parsnip side up.
4:51:21 22845 Scalera, D, 41M .
They handed the Wolves their eighth straight loss, the biggest skid of the Flip Saunders era and their worst drought since the club dropped 16 straight in April 1994.
and instantly a dozen guns erupted in the direction of the furtive figures taking shelter behind a tall hedge.
The Governor's aides insisted that no such commitment had ever been made, and the state would provide only the land for the expansion.
But gamely, Camby tracked it down.
If the name sounds familiar, there was an earlier American connection: the legendary Ploiesti raids of World War II.
In that spirit, the White House is willing to help reopen talks with Syria, long a hotbed of terrorism and importer of missiles.
They are priced at $259,000 to $329,000 for an interior house and from $359,000 to $432,000 for one on the waterfront, lots included.
At one point, Ms. Thurman interrupted a dance rehearsal to say she didn't think she should move around too much in the baroque dress.
4:47:02 21844 Wheeler, L, 48M .
Mr. Nkabinde, who was expelled from the A.N.C.
Gonzalez is subpar in right.
''But I always say, you can't buy me.''
I don't know if it's easier, but you get used to it.
James P. Rubin, the State Department spokesman, said Mr. Ahtisaari would take with him a detailed settlement plan.
Once finished, all three spans constituting the bridge will have shoulders, wider lanes, and a total increase of lanes from 12 to 15.
's president and chief executive.
Until Dec. 31, Ms. Ross could have been one of those pickets herself.
''The name Kass and Schaeffer was next to our intercom button,'' Bill said.
If he sells now, he will get plenty of money.
Yet he ignores those who were signal contributors to the early survival of that wondrous record label.
4:17:49 14675 Romer, C, 37M .
Cover: $15 Fridays through Sundays; no cover charge Mondays through Thursdays.
Last month, the state finished distributing cards to 99,000 people in Manhattan.
Andy Pettitte will pitch for the Yankees, who established dominance in winning the first two games in Atlanta.
''And we aim to do this more visibly and with a higher profile.''
Mr. Sharif is charged with refusing to let the plane land.
(Reuters) ASIA VIETNAM: DEATH PENALTY FOR CORRUPTION -- Six people were sentenced to death and 6 to life imprisonment in the country's biggest corruption case in many years.
MONDAY AAR TUESDAY None reported WEDNESDAY Omega Hlthcre Invs Walgreen Weeks THURSDAY Gencorp Idacorp Lakehead Pipe Lne N Carolina Nat Gasp Providence Enrgyp FRIDAY Lindsay Mfg Twin Disc
The search provoked great unhappiness among the banks that were searched.
There is no logical or dramaturgical reason that it could not stop midway and offer the audience alternative endings.
To my dismay, I found that on Mondays, the town's old stone Huguenot houses are closed.
''We were chastened for every lapse!
Somehow, they even found time to make an 18-minute video spoof that they might show to friends.
''It just made me feel like I really wasn't even present, as if I was a no one, a nobody.''
The sixth tapestry, called ''Mon Seul Desir,'' shows the Lady giving up her jewelry.
WAGNER - Louise Hemingway Benton.
Then he took it to work to show his friends.
''I don't really know that so-called runaway production is really any more an issue than it's always been,'' Tom Rothman, president of production for 20th Century Fox, said.
Ephedra, an herbal substance that contains a natural stimulant, ephedrine, is often used for weight control and has been linked to more than three dozen deaths.
Iran, she notes, is the world's biggest refugee host.
But we really had no choice.''
America's racial quandary has yet to be fully solved.
Her friends, relatives, and associates will always remember her penetrating intelligence and critical judgement, as well as her concern with social progress.
None of those being offered clemency were convicted of shedding blood.
Mr. Harrington's church, Peachtree Presbyterian of Atlanta, grew significantly during his tenure.
About 1,500 Duke loyalists went to Cameron Indoor Stadium today to welcome the men's and women's teams, which each lost in its respective National Collegiate Athletic Association title game.
But a black driver could be a long way off: there are none in any major Nascar series.
The school also gives lunchtime performances for the elderly at two area synagogues.
The small, well-chosen wine list has bottles from France, Italy, California and Australia, priced upward from $18, with several in the $20's and $30's.
14, when a cellular phone rang as Faldo was in his downswing on his tee shot.
And while his aggressive sociability might have at times embarrassed us (he always tried to match us with kids our age, give or take 10 years), it gave us a constant supply of new friends and pen pals.
''Some of the young dancers get out on the stage and ngawag-ngawag -- just get it done.
''I'm not saying I could go out and run a marathon.
His close relationship with Mrs. Roosevelt even survived his transfer of his political allegiance to a figure of whom she was deeply suspicious, John F. Kennedy.
His linear writing is often darting and angular.
The legislation was hailed at the time as second only to Social Security in its significance to working Americans.
Mike Leavitt, Utah's Governor, has called on Samaranch to clean up the Olympic movement.
I'd wanted to stay in one of the many charming small hotels and B & B's that dot the French Quarter like so many chocolate truffles, but I was out of luck.
Of course, even very fine writers often retell certain stories, partly to get them fully right, and this seems at first to be the case with Bohjalian's two kindred novels.
But a building has to be at least 150,000 square feet in size to justify the ''infrastructure we are developing,'' said Bob Coughlan.
He turned 30 last Thursday, yet maintains superior speed and skills.
In addition, they say, the Energy Department lacks detailed records about who receives how much American aid.
Even more bluntly than they did in ''La Promesse,'' these filmmakers assess the moral toll taken by deprivation and economic struggle.
''When I told him I didn't like all the hugging that went on after practices, he jumped down my throat and said there was nothing wrong with it, that he hugged everybody.
Though they start putting out airy stalks of little red, pink or white bells in late spring, heucheras often repeat right through the season and, if deadheaded, can usually be counted on to rebloom at summer's end.
Some deadlines for filing came and went in 1997 and last year, year, with tens of thousands of qualifying elderly apparently unaware of the tax breaks.
Yiddish-vokh, or Yiddish week, is an annual retreat organized by Yugntruf (yugntruf@yugntruf.org), a group dedicated to preserving the language.
While Princeton's lead was never larger than 8 points, the Tigers set the tempo and tone.
But it was a question of where was the emphasis and where was the force.''
Dierker, who calls himself ''a Christian of recent vintage, after 20 years of prodding by my wife,'' said he was aware of the spiritual message.
What they do in these 80 minutes at the Arclight Theater is a powerful reminder of why.
But it was the first time the Pentagon offered photographic evidence of such a tactic.
Male Victorian authors were ''far more sentimentally attached to childhood and children'' than their female counterparts, Mr. Knoepflmacher says, because middle-class Victorian boys were sent away to boarding schools with strict regulations while girls stayed at home in more nurturing environments.
In 1979, more buildings were razed to clear the way for the complex, but the plan remained bogged down in political debate.
He was vice president for sales and marketing and a company director when he was recruited in 1954 to run Emerson.
The free concert is tonight at 8 (Ratliff).
''I was flattened and flabbergasted.''
''When the news of Glenn Miller's death came, the people of New Haven and at Yale felt that they had lost a dear friend and a close relative,'' Professor Lamar recalled, approving the site of the memorial stone.
In one, the profiles of Lenin and Stalin in gold relief hover over an image of the Oval Office; in another the arch in Washington Square Park in Greenwich Village is surmounted by onion domes festooned with stars.
All these years later, battling flames remains what it has always been -- an honorable, necessary and extremely dangerous job.
The Alliance Israelite Universelle, the American Friends of the Alliance and the students of the Alliance school network mourn the passing of our devoted alumnus, cherished friend, distinguished community leader and longtime benefactor.
As Duval held his trusted putter in his hand during a recent conversation, he was asked about this week's United States Open, which is being played for the first time at Pinehurst's revered No.
The change reflects the company's desire to centralize at one agency the creative accounts for overall branding, digital imaging and e-services, Ms. Fox said.
Mr. Kabila receives military support from Angola, Zimbabwe, Namibia and Chad.
As one of tonight's child advocates puts it, ''What goes on is negligence and the bureaucracies operate to protect their own butts.''
TEN COMMANDMENTS: For the measure 2.
For the fourth day today, India pounded the icy hideouts of the guerrillas with air strikes in an attempt to drive them back into Pakistan, kill them or force them to surrender.
At the end of ''Low Men in Yellow Coats,'' King does genre-reassignment surgery.
Their likenesses would be placed in gold-tiled niches above the shop windows of the building, designed by Louis H. Friedland.
I'm not going to blame somebody else because I had a bad game.
Yet, during a recent visit to the Mount Kisco model home, not one person in a steady stream of visitors stepped across the threshold into the living room.
At the same time, their plexiglass crassness doesn't detract one iota from my experience of the film.
Prosecutors say that Adrian Peeler killed the boy, who was known as B.J., and his mother at the request of Russell Peeler because B.J.
He also translated and directed a version of ''Die Fledermaus'' for the Metropolitan Opera.
Named Butch Baccala special assignment scout.
They wanted to be told exactly what to think.
Mosquitoes and a hot sun hampered my ascent, but with the story of the Schultz family inspiring me, eventually I crested a ridge a few hundred feet from the summit, where a goat thoroughfare led straight to the top.
Alessandra Stanley (NYT) BRITAIN: TOBACCO SUIT ABANDONED -- Britain's first class-action suit against Gallaher Ltd. and Imperial Tobacco Ltd. was abandoned.
The Baroque oboe's sound is slightly more nasal, some might say more full of character, than that of the modern instrument.
The bond market was also the playground for John Meriwether's 1990's band of Nobel laureate-speculators who made eight-figure fortunes for Long-Term Capital Management before its recent meteoric fall.
The Board of Trustees of Sigmund Freud Archives expresses its profound condolence to the family, friends and colleagues of Dr. Kurt R. Eissler.
The Security Council is preparing to consider whether to dispatch peacekeepers to Sierra Leone.
Nola Chaffee, who lives next door on West 36th Street, said she had complained about the lot for years.
Companies can pay $25 or more in overhead every time a customer service representative answers the phone.
Spalding Gray is to do ''Morning, Noon and Night,'' his new monologue about living in Sag Harbor with his wife and child, for two nights, July 17 and 19, and Sandra Bernhard is to do Sandra Bernhard on July 30 and 31.
George, Larry, Helen, Anne, Paul and John
A new school in the middle of nowhere.
(An exhibition of parts of the collection was held at the Library of Congress last year and will be at the Jewish Museum this year.)
Have a nice time in Oakland,' '' Mr. Goldhaber said.
''Franklin has a fairly decent relationship with the surrounding community,'' she said, adding that with Kingsbridge, ''We will run a good, safe, clean shelter.''
Mr. Northam's Harry is so impossibly suave and courtly, he is almost James Bond-like, while Mr. Zahn's Wayne is goofy, a macho Don Knotts with muscles and tattoos.
He continues: ''So, I find myself getting angry when I hear someone say, 'Patsy did it because .
A selloff in the bond market, which pushed yields on long-term Treasury bonds to 6.05 percent, compounded the worries.
The society has the most extensive coin collection in North America; its library is open to the public.
It was a punishing defense and a rugged, run-oriented offense -- Falcons staples this season -- that Atlanta used once again to make its mark.
Hey, let's invite Dan Quayle.
Hurtado paused, flat-footed, then found the net's right corner.
But Senator Carl Levin, a Michigan Democrat, said approaching Ms. Lewinsky on the eve of the trial and using her refusal for ''some argumentative or rhetorical purposes'' was ''disturbing.''
To my life long friend, rest in peace.
Under the City Charter, Mr. Green would become mayor if Mr. Giuliani won election next year to the United States Senate, a race he has been considering.
The bank is being formed through the merger of Banco Santander and Banco Central Hispano in a stock swap valued at $11.6 billion.
That would mean that the 60 percent between these extremes owned 18 percent of the wealth.
Ms. Freitas, 30, will continue to use her name professionally.
The Diamondbacks have won three straight, their longest winning streak since they won four in a row June 13-16.
In 1998, the Mets were only 7-5 against the Marlins.
Some soccer enthusiasts describe their sport in terms usually reserved for poetry, or love.
By the time they meet in judgment on her role as a teacher accused of ''exposing the girls to foreign ideas and inappropriate behavior,'' they might as well be the self-righteous parents in that old country music song ''Harper Valley P.T.A.''
ONCE a year, and only once a year, a strange ritual takes place in a soot-covered 16th-century palazzo in the city's center.
But the Argentine ambassador stayed away.
Without missing a beat, the first waiter responded: ''That's O.K.
''But then I quit the violin,'' Mr. Machnica said, during a tour of the school's base of operations.
Even though it is a bumpy summer's night for a time, Mr. English's production gets to that payoff every director and cast dreams of.
In part, the doctors said, the change is a result of improvements that allow effective pain relief with much smaller doses of anesthetic drugs and fewer side effects.
In 1930, Harlem Hospital became one of the country's first important medical institutions with a racially integrated staff at all levels.
Everyone is agreed that the euro will be a great convenience for the traveler in Europe.
''There's a greater chance now than ever before that NatWest will remain independent,'' countered Michael Lever, an analyst at HSBC in London.
Tally: 23 dead, 37 wounded.
Mr. Belluzzo said that Silicon Graphics expected a loss from the Windows NT work station business in its first fiscal quarter, but that the other parts of the business remained profitable, and the company should report a profit over all in the second quarter.
HURDY GURDY FOLK MUSIC CLUB Copper Hill and the Hurdy Gurdy Allstars.
Embry, the five-time All-Star and N.B.A.
Ms. Crow intends to pursue her interest in new media, she said, after first taking ''a very long vacation.''
He walks away from any questions about the right knee, but there is no first step, no crossover dribble, none of the stop-on-a-dime elevation that has tormented the Knicks so many times before.
General Short noted that he is stepping up attacks on Serbian troops in Kosovo.
The cause was complications from a stroke he suffered last year, his wife, Lucy, said.
Many states and cities are also trying to adjust budgets so that minority programs get bigger slices of the money pie.
There is too little variety in each piece.
B3 WEEKEND E1-34; E35-48 SPORTS D1-10 Four Share Lead at Masters Brandel Chamblee, Davis Love 3d, Scott McCarron and Nick Price shared the first-round lead, at 69, three under par.
He attributed his improvement to playing every day.
This summer, it was published.
Now comes Dick Harpootlian, the chairman of the South Carolina Democratic Party and a flag opponent, with a plan he contends will break the impasse.
If they wanted to (although they say this is not their intention), they could even plan their careers almost entirely around performing with each other.
But nothing developed, and an overwhelming majority of umpires continued to support Phillips, voting him a new five-year contract.
A woofie is basically a commercial bank that does not engage in retail activities -- making car or mortgage loans -- and does not take retail deposits.
Ms. Driscoll, after graduating from Wesleyan University with a degree in fine arts, worked on her sculpture during the day and supported herself in the evening by weaving for a designer -- doing elegant piecework.
Mr. McCain's geographical strategy is unorthodox.
Its original tenant was Sperry Gyroscope, which made bomb sights and other precision equipment during and after World War II.
Before Shanahan went back to studying film today, he tried to defuse several inflammatory comments made by his players before the Miami game.
But part of the current interest may simply be in Cliff herself.
''I went out on a high note, and an emotional note,'' said McEnroe, whose marriage had just broken up.
You anticipate threats and pains, and you try to avoid them.''
He is joining a great team.
''I expect you to behave just a little bit better than if you were standing next to the principal.''
This has as much to do with mental stamina -- an athlete's capacity to deal with nerves -- as it does with physical talent.
Ms. Whitman smiled and waved at the man.
''What good is this going to do to not only the kid who is truant but also to his brothers and sisters to have his parent imprisoned?''
How a girl from nowhere triumphed as author, lover, actress and Parisienne at the end of the belle epoque (and had plenty of fuel left for when the war was over).
''It's like having a fairy godmother,'' Ms. Yang said.
There have been powerhouse teams, and teams that could barely scrape together wins, teams -- like the present one -- of striking composure and teams that were bent on self-destruction.
I threw some good pitches not to get called strikes, but for him to swing at and maybe get a grounder.''
''I'm just saying they had my play and Daldry was the artistic director when my play was there, and he later directed David Hare's play.
She performed a small part written for her by Mr. Kushner in his 1987 off Off Broadway play, ''Hydriotaphia.''
Dempster said: ''This is great to come in here and hear music.
In the end, it could have been worth absolutely zero.
But no one would hire him, even as an unpaid intern, so he did something rather astonishing in its confidence: a month after leaving Syracuse, he and a friend known only as Gru started Tru Criminal, each contributing $10,000 to make the records of hip-hop artists they planned to discover.
'' Van Gundy does not totally agree, contending that teams want to run more but they simply cannot.
And since the fees for processing each transaction are small -- American banks generally charge $2 and $4 a transaction -- the goal was to line up as many clients as possible.
At the time of the abduction, law enforcement officials speculated that the Goldbergs, who are Jehovah's Witnesses, might have been motivated by a desire to seek nonmedical, perhaps spiritual, treatment for the boy, who can communicate only through nods and facial expressions.
In each case, the clay was smoothed out into thin sheets with a rolling pin, molded and pinched in a hollow form, then fire-baked like Indian bread, leaving its surfaces alternately pale and singed.
He blamed the Devils' inability to seal matters.
''By the time you get divorced, there's almost some relief in accepting that you've failed,'' he says.
''We can track particles -- plankton, for instance -- and learn where they will go and how long it will take for them to sink.
RECOMMENDED DISHES -- Rigatoni with wild mushrooms and sage, arugula salad with Gorgonzola and celeriac root, wood-grilled tuna, roast chicken Luna, wood-grilled filet mignon, Key lime pie, lemon tart.
GRACE CHURCH VAN VORST GALLERY SPACE Paintings by Patter Hellstrom and sculptures by Carl Raven.
George W. Bush of Texas and Steve Forbes, the publisher, helped inject new energy into a campaign that seemed to have lost steam in recent weeks and that has struggled to raise money.
In this documentary the viewer was introduced to Mr. Gaines's mother, best friend, current girlfriend, ex-girlfriends, current manager, ex-manager.
In lieu of flowers donations may be made to Brandeis University, P.O.
Finding contrasts with Mr. Giuliani is important to many Democrats because, even though Republicans have sought to paint Mrs. Clinton as an extreme liberal, she and Mr. Giuliani agree on many of the issues that have historically separated Republican and Democratic candidates.
''The crews get used to working together, which means you have fewer accidents on the rigs,'' he said.
Ailey democratized dance by providing a showcase for the wealth and diversity of vernacular dance that already existed in America.
Concern that Brazil's debt and currency problems will crimp economic and corporate-profit growth in the United States also weighed on stocks.
I can't even sit up.
Judge Jackson's remarks, reported Tuesday in The Washington Post, were recorded in a 16-page transcript of last week's meeting, which was made public Monday night.
cried millions of women, reaching for their bottles of Miss Clairol.)
Right now, the Justice Department is right to demand that Microsoft not use its current monopoly to restrict consumer choices.
(the last year the Yankees won the World Series) isn't quite as stinging as ''1918!
But the bomb squad of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police found no evidence of explosives there, officials said.
Questions of ownership arose, in fact, on two previous occasions -- in 1973 and 1987 -- when the board considered selling the painting.
That's why we're drifting in a narrow trading range.
In the latest trend, developers are using golf as magnets to sell new homes on the fringe of courses.
But if just one band put the company on the map, then an assortment of talent has kept it there.
The Westchester Chamber Orchestra will begin its third season on Oct. 30 at 8 P.M.at Iona College in New Rochelle.
Officials at Winthrop School in New London and Charles Wright School in Wethersfield, outside Hartford, had never heard of Pokemon.
The cult of Dylan, the auteur theory of cinema and the entire psychedelic subculture were all variations on a theme: if the traditional authority figures don't have a clue, then who does?
We were rebellious, there's no question about it.
''But I know the series's place in England's cultural history,'' he said.
A gentle and compassionate man, he was a good friend who touched many lives with his generosity of spirit and his devotion to social causes.
Both works were shown at the Salon of 1876, again with much notice.
This trend is fundamentally antisocial and egotistical.
To the Sports Editor: I think both Harvey Araton and Billie Jean King need to lower the volume and give Martina Hingis a break (''King Says Hingis Needs a Talking-To,'' The Times, Feb. 9).
There was no confirmation of it, and Mr. Wolfson said he had heard the rumor before and quickly swatted it down.
But The Associated Press reported that a source involved in the case said that this was not true, but that Mr. Safra had called the police twice from the bathroom.
5:34:22 28764 Pillinger, C, 38F .
And, plainly, she does not see Mrs. Clinton, who is preparing to run for the Senate in New York, as a role model.
At the same time that the nation has learned more than it ever wanted to know about its President's extramarital sex life, therapists are churning out popular books about affairs and how to survive them.
Antitrust experts do not expect Microsoft to win the case, even on appeal.
Though to some people they may be as endearing or as banal as Hallmark greeting cards, she says they are actually neither.
At auto shows, design studies like the Pontiac Rageous and Mercury MC4 -- both of them ostensibly coupes -- had small back doors aimed at making them somewhat practical.
Once when he asked if he could have a new book, his mother said he would have to read all the used ones in the library first.
He emphasized that the entire management team now stands solidly behind the plan to sell shares.
There's a farm system at the company, somewhat like the one at the original Blue Note.
John Hume, a 1998 Nobel Peace Prize winner who heads the moderate Catholic Social Democratic and Labor Party, nodded toward the lumpen brick Stormont Castle Buildings where talks to keep the Northern Ireland peace agreement alive were in their fifth grinding day.
The insistence on a ''Jewish majority'' remains an unspoken tenet of Israeli politics.
Bailey quit drinking on Jan. 1, 1989.
His mother had recently died of Alzheimer's disease and, he said: ''I wanted a kind of memorial.
At the end of the day, I expect you will be able to count dozens and dozens of companies that are Microsoft's competitors.
There's the Cedar Walton Trio and a duo of Steve Lacy and Danilo Perez that took a Caramoor audience by surprise last summer; there's Jackie McLean, a player who at his best has exemplified the intensity and sophistication of New York-style jazz since the late 50's, who will play a set backed by Mr. Walton's trio.
The museum's calligraphy and painting galleries on the third floor are beautifully designed, with wooden floors and traditional Chinese roofing.
Ms. Murray said it was unfit for habitation, The Woodstock Times reported.
Windows shattered and sprayed glass shards on sobbing crowds.
More shocking, at least to health experts, is the nation's blase attitude toward the carnage, which is almost unnoticed among ordinary Russians.
Wilson had been sent to Florida on Wednesday morning to have tests on his lower back.
Music charge: $45; $15 food-drink minimum.
''Oh,'' he thought, ''we're into a new adventure.''
In fact, I'm very grateful.
Gains for oil service companies included Schlumberger, up 2 13/16, to 52 7/16, and Halliburton, up 2, to 30 3/4, with Exxon, Texaco and Chevron all gaining more than a point.
Who are the stars of tomorrow, the next generation of Calvins, Tommys and Ralphs?
Intel, the most-active stock, gained 4 11/16, to 67 9/16, after Drew Peck, an analyst at SG Cowen, raised the shares to buy from neutral and added 8 cents to his profit forecast for the year.
''Anybody who's involved in a cause has to be situated in the New York City-Washington, D.C., corridor,'' he said.
Overnight, Mr. Ramli's Faustian bargain threatened virtually every senior finance official in Indonesia.
''Then came another insight,'' she said: ''Go be the doctor, who's stopping you?''
She offered her friends, her agemates and those younger deep loyalty and concern.
Senator Reid has been interested in the issues of suicide and mental illness since his father, Harry Reid, a miner in the small desert town of Searchlight, Nev., shot himself to death in 1972 after suffering from depression.
She also appeared on records by Merle Haggard, Porter Wagoner and the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band.
No one expected inland residents to receive the worst blow.
If the board does not schedule the meeting, Ms. Shapiro said, then shareholders whose combined shares represent 10 percent of the votes in the building may demand, in writing, that the co-op's secretary call a meeting to hold special elections on a date no less than 60 days nor more than 90 days from the date of the demand.
After decades simply as Prisoner 3514, he has recovered his name and he has a nice new watch on his wrist and he is even taking lessons in using computers.
No wonder, she added, that ''so many people walked out [after Mr. Figueres's speech] and said, 'If we don't have that kind of competence within our own country, why can't we hire it?'
The pleasant surprise is that Mr. Graves's designs for Target stores reverse the disenchantment with his architecture.
The print ads, which will appear in publications like Business Week and Forbes, use pithy headlines and text to explain Digital DNA, ''the heart of smart.''
No crocodile jackets have been sold yet, but six ostrich jackets at $13,000 have been snapped up, the store said.
But recent surveys have found that nearly half of women 50 and older have never been tested for the disease.
But the Orthodox Church's call for his resignation has added to speculation about Mr. Milosevic's political future, when he is already damaged by the recent indictment from the international war crimes tribunal, and as he faces the end of his presidential term in 2001.
Not cheap, a bit musty, but the real thing.
The church draws about half its members from outside Mount Vernon.
Mr. Denson, 34, is known as Terry.
Mr. Bacon said it was unclear which of the four weapons aboard the F-15's had downed the MIG's.
She ended up going to Harvard, but she showed spunk.
Most of the animals native to warmer regions were indoors.
The flavor is mild but, I thought, delicious.
One of them carried a gray body bag, to be ready in case the soldiers found another victim.
But their correspondence continued, often in fond bickering like an old married couple, yet with genuine affection, until the end.
As always Joe Bob introduces the films with his trademark Drive-In Totals, a consumer-friendly rating system that tells a viewer to look for things like: ''Four dead bodies.
And in New York art galleries, a school of work is coalescing that draws from the politics, graphic subject matter and hit-and-run production values of adult entertainment.
I just had a blank to fill with an expert guess about the future, and I got it.
This fete honors Mr. Bloedow, a rock singer, songwriter and guitarist, by bringing together his diverse collaborators.
John has helped change the attitude.''
''Look, let's join the real world here,'' Mr. Clinton said, stabbing the air with an index finger.
Tackle Jim Magda (seven sacks), who anchors the Flying Dutchmen's defense, will try to rattle Illinois State's quarterback, Dusty Burk.
Daily, noon to 11:30 P.M.
But in an attempt to establish a beachhead in the fight over the issue, anti-abortion forces have tried since 1989, without success, to get a parental notification bill through the Legislature.
The industry might instead emphasize partnerships with firms that have access to large, loyal groups of members or customers.
At the same time, Mr. Barak's party will have to start thinking more seriously about taking Judaism more seriously.
To the Editor: A Feb. 27 front-page article, ''As Need for Food Grows, Donations Steadily Drop,'' exposes a persistent myth: that the 1980's was a decade of greed, and that the current economic boom has opened the wallets of the rich to charity.
And all over Austin, champagne was put on ice.
We had a good conversation.
And many consumer electronics industry analysts believe that the emergence of the Internet and inexpensive digital copying systems presents a profound threat to the existing system of music distribution on compact disks.
Although cyclists have to keep going even in the worst weather, the early radio systems were not up to the job.
Zollner, who died in 1982 at the age of 81, was the first owner to hire a bench coach and one of the first to sign an African-American player.
But the real beauty is that the i-Opener is useful as an information device even when it is not connected to the Internet.
Given the uncertainties over how the peace agreement will actually work out, Mr. Gore's backers are being careful not to seize this moment for boasting.
But he was not a Jets fan as a youngster.
''Because in the long term these conditions are useful for Russia.
Proponents in Riverdale say the very future of their community is at stake: lacking confidence in the local public schools, many young families are choosing to leave Riverdale altogether.
The widespread invasion last week by the file-devouring Explore worm underscored the networked society's vulnerability to malicious computer programs.
Mocking the measure, he said, ''All of a sudden, I'm going to pass a law saying, 'Give me sparkling water instead of plain water!'
The deal, valued at $60 billion when it was announced last May, still requires the approval of the Federal Communications Commission, which is reviewing it.
As in every age since that of Caruso and Farrar, it is the technical mastery and expressive depth communicated by today's singers on recordings like these that will provide the enduring legacy to the future.
We've got this, that and the other, just like any other city.''
Zdeno Chara followed him to the penalty box for two minutes for interference.
''There is such a pile-on.
Nick is merely one of the characters, not the filtering intelligence -- which makes Harbison's story shapelier than the novel's, emphasizing its many parallels, but without the element of foreshadowing.
A busload of tourists from Taiwan, together with their Vietnamese girlfriends, files out past a cluster of one-legged beggars.
Squeezing a regular classroom into the corner of a library is a standard measure for overcrowded schools.
Since the movement was outlawed in July, dozens of senior officials have been held on serious charges but have not yet been tried, while hundreds more have been briefly detained.
India accused Pakistan of murdering one of the pilots with gunshots to the head and heart -- a charge Mr. Altaf called ''absurd.''
''Our job is to help every student achieve.
The change could help lower the country's borrowing costs because there is a bigger universe of investors willing to buy investment-grade debt than junk-rated issues.
The Sorensons have a 16-year-old daughter and a 19-year-old son who is a sophomore at the State University at Farmingdale.
They feature pairs of actors (Erik Estrada and Kate del Castillo), wrestlers (Hiji del Sol and Atlantis) and former athletes (Tony Perez and Edward Figueroa).
He cited a letter he faxed to Dr.
And food scares in Europe over ''mad cow's disease,'' dioxin and Coke, though unrelated to biotechnology, have fanned consumer worries about food purity and given a boost to the organic-food movement.
Rivers, the retired Barry Sanders's replacement, rushed 16 times for 96 yards in Detroit's rousing 28-20 victory at Seattle.
Garry Evans, a strategist at HSBC Securities Japan Ltd., told Bloomberg News that the alliance ''will be the first of a number of consolidations and big mergers in the next couple of months.''
Father of William G. and Alan.
The team from Lucent also said that phone companies were brainstorming about how the location information could be used.
With Jason Kidd feeding him, Hardaway will probably lead the league in dunks on the fast break next season, and perhaps he will even recapture his form of three seasons ago.
The announcement came six months after Ebay spent $260 million for Butterfield & Butterfield, the San Francisco auction house.
Mr. Lehane, the Gore spokesman, was dismissive of the mockery, saying, ''We can stand after six and a half years and say we have a stronger economy and cleaner environment and that absolutely terrifies the Republicans.''
No, I mean we weren't up to no chapter.
''I felt like an outsider in the art world of the 80's,'' he said one recent evening, explaining that he did not have the connections in the art world that he thought were critical to gain recognition as a painter or a sculptor.
When this corporate Icarus crashed to earth, the wreckage exposed a host of festering problems that contributed to the nation's economic fall.
Already, Japanese cell phones, which used to be second-rate and expensive, have been transformed into devices to buy and sell stocks, reserve tickets for trains and airplanes, transfer funds between bank accounts and send and receive text messages and simple drawings.
This teen-age population wave has crashed over the late 20th century's other big trend, the Internet.
His average weekly lottery sales total about $700, for which he earns 5 percent, or $35.
Potpourri Atlantica, 231 Dune Road, Westhampton Beach (288-6577), has a Caribbean barbecue on Monday nights.
I'm never scared of a fight.''
''A Streetcar Named Desire'' plays a crucial role in the life of the film's heroine, a nurse named Manuela (Cecilia Roth).
The report endorses efforts by some states and members of Congress to eliminate the disparities in insurance coverage for mental disorders and other illnesses.
These are in no way scientific findings.
Mr. Fuller's Latin-enhanced choreography includes an altered, expanded tango ''to reflect the style we've come to know since 'Tango Argentina,' '' he said, as well as ''Latin touches throughout'' that blend with a more percussive beat.
We'll miss this warm and wonderful woman.
Jones Beach has its own sewage and water treatment plants to handle the use of its 1,400 bathroom fixtures.
Take last week's case of the cell biologist at a Berkeley, Calif., lab who was found to have faked his research findings -- supposedly linking electric power to cancer -- to win his lab $3.3 million from three Federal agencies.
Trained in a technique called grief work, which says that the healthy response to trauma is to ''work it through'' and find ''closure,'' counselors urge the victims to take several steps.
But for most of us, these are still problematic numbers.
WINE LIST -- There really is a list, with 23 choices, most of them white, starting at $9 a bottle.
I have all the support I need.
The site maintained by Vancouver's convention and visitors bureau, www.tourism-vancouver.com, has daily updates and excellent links to information on outdoor activities like kayaking and skiing.
''Anyone can find a club, and for the cost of Internet access or cable TV, start to build a stock portfolio,'' she added.
They were drawn to the tip of Cape Cod, it seems, for its natural beauty, its quiet and the stimulation of the artists' colony in Provincetown.
They will often defend that area from unrelated rats.
As for the lawsuit, he dismissed it.
In Moscow's hothouse atmosphere, these suggestions have added to charges, unsubstantiated so far, that President Boris Yeltsin, his family and his closest aides have secretly shipped millions of dollars abroad.
Every year brings a fresh death toll -- 21 soldiers died last year -- and with every wavelet of deaths, there are renewed calls from the Israelis for a unilateral troop withdrawal.
''It was one of the longest games and one of the strangest games as well,'' Indiana Coach Larry Bird said.
The case was Florida v. White, No.
''What do you mean I can't go to the prom?''
It's the way we were taught.''
''This came as a great surprise,'' Mr. Wasik said.
MIDDLE EAST IRAN: U.S. ROLE CHARGED IN UNREST -- Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, blamed the ''hidden hands'' of the United States for pro-democracy protests this month, saying Washington had tried to repeat the 1953 coup that restored the monarchy.
Other categories are grief services, pet retirement homes, clubs for canary lovers and dog-run locations.
And some shoreline residents don't even know the train exists.
He graduated from Roanoke College.
''It was a complete failure,'' said Alan L. Lindsey, the railway's general director for safety and rules.
This is the season-opening concert performance by the Opera Orchestra of New York.
Many sites, for example, receive a commission for referring their users to on-line merchants, and what would be called advertisers in other media are often labeled ''partners.''
Woody Harrelson has been approached about playing Starbuck, the male lead, and the Brooks Atkinson is a possible home if the right cast can be assembled.
Mr. Kelly said that Thomas Pizzuto whispered to his father during a hospital visit on Tuesday that jail guards had beaten him on Friday, Jan. 8, the day after he entered the jail.
Eric S. Goldschmidt and family
Indeed the Elizabethan era was marked not only by economic expansion and the unification of Britain, but by the unsettling effects of progress.
The play was produced on Broadway in 1974 but closed after a week; not only were American audiences at the time so preoccupied with their own conflicted emotions over Vietnam and the resignation of a President, but also some felt Mr. Friel's play was little more than a political pamphlet for the Irish Republican Army.
Devoted grandmother of 23 and great-grandmother of 23.
But most prices are far less.
He led the Yankees with 17 victories this year and ranked among the league leaders in earned run average (10th, at 4.12), opponents' batting average (third, .233), innings (seventh, 214 1/3) and winning percentage (sixth, .654).
Using the recently developed Graflex SLR camera, the photographer directed his gaze upward and created more than 400 dramatically disorienting visual segments plucked from the skies.
''We treat all searches the same -- there's no difference between a celebrity and a noncelebrity,'' said Lieut.
But Judge Clark found that the fish symbol ''is exhibited extensively throughout southwest Missouri to denote Christian-owned businesses,'' and that ''even Republic's own citizens do not deny that the fish on the city seal is a Christian symbol.''
But an hour later, Air Force officials at the cape canceled a scheduled news briefing about the mission.
New York: Farrar, Straus & Giroux.
Even the leading Internet companies are not immune to security problems.
The heat and the crowds can be oppressive in the Grand Tastings and the long corridors of the Marriott Marquis bear little resemblance to the Robert Mondavi Winery or Chateau Lynch-Bages, but there is probably no better way to sample so many of the world's best wines in one location.
Tuscan seems only vaguely Tuscan, with arugula, peppers and white beans, while chicken and wild rice salad is dry and uninteresting.
Lear was one of the great worriers of the 19th century, constantly monitoring his always dubious health and bemoaning his lack of preparation as an artist.
His golf innovation did not win wide acceptance, but one developed by another dentist, Dr. William Lowell, did take off.
Its significance is often charged with the weight of a cultural conflict between America's frenzied materialism and the gentler pace of a caring European society.
Steven Leber, a theatrical producer who hopes to lure 25,000 people to a party at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center, reports that tickets (at $1,000 and $2,500) are still available.
Meanwhile, other players believe that the continued discussion leading up to the Ryder Cup at The Country Club in Brookline, Mass., Sept. 24-26, will only hurt golf.
But, Mr. Long added: ''I think the mayor has lately become a convenient conservative.
Louise Brown, now a 21-year-old nurse in Bristol, England, has not had children, but in July her younger sister, Natalie, also conceived in vitro, became the first in-vitro child to bear a child of her own.
''When John is trying to incorporate a new fact about something he's reverse engineering, he can remember 10 other aspects of the design that will be affected,'' said Brian Case, a fellow reverse engineer who has worked with Mr. Wharton on several technical projects.
Mickelson finished tied for sixth place at three under par but shot 37 on the front nine, including four bogeys and a double-bogey.
Several bishops make personal donations.
The tornado, which was rated a relatively low F-2 on the Fujita Scale of tornado severity, touched down southwest of the city just before 1 P.M. and took direct aim at the city's central district.
Georgetown lost the 1982 National Collegiate Athletic Association championship to North Carolina when Michael Jordan hit a jumper in the final seconds.
There is a narrow security zone between Kosovo and the rest of Serbia.
The Knicks were an eighth-seeded team and did not have home-court advantage in the four rounds they played.
''Under these circumstances, the court was satisfied that the physical and mental violence, considered as a whole, committed against the applicant's person had caused 'severe' pain and suffering and had been particularly serious and cruel,'' the decision said.
Formerly of Hastings - on - the - Hudson.For info Koschek and Porter, Roebling, New Jersey.
Mr. Field, 82, has supervised the maintenance and marking of all of the hiking trails in the Greenbelt for the last 30 years.
Movie theaters closed, fast food chains sprang up and nobody was wearing a guayabera.
Thus, despite early reports of bad weather, the race's organizers, the Cruising Yacht Club of Australia, did not consider it their responsibility to call off the race -- even in the face of a storm whose winds on shore were measured at more than 100 miles per hour -- and wait for conditions to improve.
Add additional loads directly to the spreading mixture.
The Serbs, saying they were responding to provocations by the rebels, have moved in more specialized police and deployed army units and tanks in excess of the limits agreed upon in October.
There will be a funeral Mass at the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary Church, 168 Hill Street, Southampton on August 17 at 11:00 A.M. Burial will follow at the church cemetery.
Summer Guests Familiar faces in a new setting make musical news tomorrow in the Swiss Alps, where the Verbier Festival program will offer James Levine leading the Symphony Orchestra of the Curtis Institute of Music and Evgeny Kissin in a performance of Chopin's Piano Concerto No.
Now, he said, an offender convicted of possession of a modest amount of cocaine in Arizona gets probation with mandatory treatment.
But with the Mets one game from tying the record, Valentine insisted this morning that the only reason he was thinking about it was that people kept asking him about it.
Unions are so good they can wipe out ethnic disharmony.
''There's a sense that U.S. rates won't go higher,'' said John L. Manley Jr., senior equity strategist at Salomon Smith Barney.
All are informal, and most are moderately priced, with main courses costing $10 to $20.
She was, for a while, the only figure or institution truly reflective of a country that had changed beyond recognition but had still found no way to symbolize the change.
The Teatro Massimo, Europe's largest classical stage, has reopened, churches have been rebuilt and tourists have returned.
He was affiliated with other hospitals in the region, including North Shore, Long Island Jewish, Peninsula and Franklin General.
''The company has a great name,'' said Kaushik Shridharani, a media analyst at Salomon Smith Barney here.
But beverages must be consumed in a separate area.
Conceptual Art meets Arts and Crafts: 96 projects, including photographs, paintings and scale models by an architect who once described his style as post-carpenter.
The coach as Sergeant Svengali is a stereotype that even wannabe coaches love.
I seized one of these, and discovered that the Smith Haven Mall was on our route.
These wines are light, refreshing and fruity and have virtually nothing in common with the classic Rioja style.
The top-seeded squad in the Vanderbilt Knockout Team Championship went down to a surprising defeat at the American Contract Bridge League's Spring Nationals here Wednesday night.
Radiopharmaceuticals are radioactive chemicals used to test the location, size or function of tissues, organs and blood vessels.
Mr. Bloomberg owns about 72 percent, and six longtime employees have a total of about 8 percent.
The mayors of Newark, Fort Lee and other New Jersey communities close to New York City oppose the shipments, claiming they will create traffic congestion, pose safety problems and increase pollution.
After shooting 47 percent against Sacramento and 48 percent against Milwaukee, they made just 37.5 percent of their shots in Chicago.
migrate a thousand or two miles'' to the west, where it would be ''refounded .
Neither Mr. Kaplan and Mr. Johnson would say specifically what changes they have in mind for the series.
The state's ratepayer advocate, Blossom Peretz, expressed disappointment, saying she believes that many of the utility's ''residential customers may not participate materially'' in unregulated power purchases without more incentive.
In 1997, for instance, the Labor Party protested after Harriet Harman, then the Social Security Secretary, underwent a particularly rough interview on the ''Today'' radio program.
If there have been unfair labor practices, the union knows what remedies it has against LFI.''
The bill would also require officers to record the reason for the stop, whether it resulted in a warning, citation, vehicle search or arrest.
A solution has to be found.''
Meantime, though, Norwegian Cruise Line had weeks ago chartered planes to fly passengers to and from Miami this weekend, knowing that space on airplanes would be at a premium.
They wanted to me play baseball in the major leagues and they wanted my brother to be a lawyer, so we just keep going.''
''Respectable women bravely introduced Washingtonians to the novel concept that some women turned to prostitution by necessity rather than choice,'' the archeology report notes of days when cities were largely devoid of economic opportunities for single women.
''We just wanted to show that we cared deeply about their loss,'' Jim Watts told the Brocks, according to Wilma Brock.
For example, the 500 employees at Xerox's corporate headquarters at Stamford, Conn., are able to work out at an on-site fitness center, order meals from the company cafeteria for dinner and drop off dry-cleaning when they get to work in the morning; it's usually ready to be picked up the next day.
''It was time,'' said Mitchell Tutoni, one of the city's park commissioners.
''Public employee unions are cash cows at election time,'' said Mark Rosenthal, president of a motor vehicle operators' local, who had a major role in unearthing corruption at District Council 37.
From time to time, he would decide to close down for a week or two and spend a little bit more time on the script or other aspects.
Accordingly, he issued a reminder that whatever computer complications occur in the switch to the year 2000 just might be more serious than, say, an annoyance with an airline-reservations agent.
He said he was developing plans that would retain the integrity of the original museum building but permit the installation of updated technical systems.
The measure, which does not require the President's signature, sets overall totals for tax and spending bills that lawmakers will produce later this year.
The initial contact between the Enquirer and Mr. Ventura had come in early October of 1997, several months after Mr. Gallagher and another reporter, Cameron McWhirter, had begun work on the Chiquita project.
As for Ed's elaborately hubcapped walls, Ms. Boswell said: ''Ed was a guy with a lot of time on his hands.
TIGER WOODS -- ''I've got to give you two.
The rest of the game was decided by Penn State's ability to run the ball passionately and by a fourth-and-goal Iowa play that failed.
Jason Williams added 17 points and Shane Battier had 12 points and 10 rebounds for Duke.
Dr. Choong-Shik Yoo and his colleagues at the Livermore laboratory reported their discovery in the journal Science this month.
It must be said that Ms. Russo, who has the more assertive role and also the greater potential for heartbreak, does her considerable best to make this credible while modeling a sleek new costume in every scene.
By the end of the second quarter, it hit 29.5 percent, down 2.1 percent from the figure in the quarter a year earlier.
They are willing to pay for what suits them.''
If he cannot practice Wednesday, Fassel will most likely not make him available for Sunday's game.
Because the department's regulations are pretty straightforward and because the plan meets them, their architect says he expects no problems gaining approval.
He now walks with a cane, but he still eats and drinks heartily and avoids anything remotely resembling exercise.
But he added: ''They come from all walks of life.
Augie's former manager, Paul Steche, said he had signed a long-term lease and would reopen the bar by the end of March.
When Europa is farther away, the tides fall.
But only the small ones.
Clifford Krauss (NYT) ARGENTINA: WEAPONS CRACKDOWN -- Responding to a rising crime wave, the Senate passed a bill setting a minimum 90-day prison sentence and fines of up to $10,000 for anyone carrying even the smallest-caliber pistol without a license.
Now I start seeing his physical appearance is sloppy, he's smelly, he's hanging on the streets.''
Check Lot 1053, 28 regular bottles plus 6 half bottles of mixed red Burgundy (estimated at $400 to $550); Lot 1055, 24 bottles of mixed white Burgundy ($250-$350) and Lot 1059, 13 regular bottles and 6 half bottles of mixed Champagne and dessert wines ($275-$375).
''It doesn't speak very well for the public review process, nor for accountability, unless we move for the Council to look at it again.''
With fewer than 20 seats and a kitchen separated from the bright, spotless dining room only by a glass case displaying the baked goods, Cookies and Couscous leaves little room to stretch out.
In what many residents viewed as a referendum on the development issue, David Bianchi, a Miami lawyer backed by the rebels, recently won election as a director of the Fisher Island Club, which oversees the golf club, restaurants and recreational facilities.
But almost from the start of what was to be a five-year term, Ms. Hurt encountered problems.
The new office will be at 140 Broadway, and will initially be headed by David J. Sorin, who heads the Princeton office.
Indeed, she and Mr. Bart said they were grateful to the producers for keeping the show running when it could have been closed months ago.
''I don't think it would work because a lot of people don't have a good knowledge of how the stock market works and they could lose a lot of money,'' said Rod D. Jackson, 38, a maintenance man at a downtown Atlanta office building.
His fingers were evidently not pleased to be left on their own.
There are no quick answers to the questions privacy raises in an electronic world, and not all answers can come from Congress.
5:17:53 27252 Pradier, T, 26M .
Furthermore, your name moves up or down on the waiting list depending on how sick you are.
MR. BEHRENS and Mr. Burke look for companies that have dominant or solid positions in their markets -- and for agile managements that can strengthen customer loyalty and achieve growth amid rapidly changing technology.
DAVID MEDINA Harriman, N.Y., Nov. 22, 1999
He arrived in Detroit as the No.
But Tiger Stadium is special.
(In tandem with ''A Congo Chronicle,'' the museum has mounted a splendid showcase of just such work titled ''Three African Traditions: The Art of the Dogon, Fang and Songye.'')
Maybe it won't be the same people.
At the far end of the hall, ''Vertigo'' itself is being projected onto a side wall, but without sound.
At a news conference today announcing the opening of the inquiry, Louis J. Freeh, the Director of the F.B.I., said it was not yet clear whether American investigators would examine other sites of reported atrocities.
Suburban communities north of the city are already bracing for the prospect of higher costs for their own garbage disposal, as the city begins competing for the limited capacity at landfills, transfer stations and incinerators around the metropolitan region.
''I wanted everything to be about technology for the millennium,'' she said after the show.
Members of Congress from both parties pressed today for a pause in relations with China and a reversal of years of liberalized high-technology sales to Beijing, arguing that evidence of Chinese espionage undercuts the Clinton Administration's policy of engagement.
Finally, the Clorox Company in Oakland, Calif., named roster agencies to handle products added to its lineup with the acquisition of the First Brands Corporation, completed last week.
The voice of KEITH MULLER, executive director of the League for the Hard of Hearing, boomed out, denouncing loud noise.
Martha Gellhorn married twice, the second time to T. S. Matthews, the Time editor.
We have developed a new national consciousness, one forged from the terrible legacy of Auschwitz.''
That excellent bread, baked to conform to kosher dietary standards, is crisper and less malleable than traditional Indian nan.
My base was St. Nicholas Avenue and 186th Street.
And there are hints, he said, that oxytocin has similar effects but not quite as intense.
''Wolfgang Suttner was the first person to approach me seriously,'' Sir Paul said today at a news conference that drew 300 reporters from across Europe.
Romerstein intends his book to be an expose of Americans who spied for Moscow as well as a vindication of the much-maligned HUAC.
Labonte, who finished second in the Winston Cup standing to Dale Jarrett, won for the fourth time in his last seven starts at the track in Hampton, Ga.
In effect, that meant Disney was supplying financing for shows to be co-owned by Universal.
By opening your newspaper into my face You are violating my personal space Other things that I find to be rude Are when you snore or chew loudly on food ''Train time is your own time'' is what they say But only if commuters make it that way.
Saturday at 8 p.m. Tickets: $20 to $38.
Sports slid away more or less quietly.
Now you are getting a bounce back up, but I think it is best measured from a floor of 5.25 percent, not the 4.75 percent level they reached during the crisis.
Rakesh Kumar and Raj Kumar, factory workers from a caste of leather workers that was once treated as untouchable, chatted at a snack shop in the Dalit neighborhood of Kakra.
Mr. Stiles said, adding, ''He had seemingly overcome a lot of disadvantages to get where he had gotten.''
It sets up a system of liability that's reasonable for people that aren't doing what they should do.
On the baseball diamond, teams of Jewish boys swung bats as three black girls tossed a ball back and forth behind the dugout.
Muresan, who has been working out at the Nets' Champion Center for most of July, sustained a strained hip-flexor muscle two weeks ago and did not participate in last week's minicamp.
And we were playing from ahead.''
The President acted immorally, he acted recklessly, he acted disgracefully.
The new Administration presented itself as a partner, and in many ways it was.
''Several years ago in my space agency office, we younger engineers saw the need to develop an award system for the most egregious computer malfunctions,'' writes Karen Bernstein of Houston, who works for NASA at the Johnson Space Center.
''Everything was ugly,'' he said.
Analysts attributed the decline to increased competition and rapid expansion of the airline's low-cost Metrojet service.
''I wasn't trying to give him nothing that he could pull to tie the game.
His thoughtfulness, his kindness, his concern for those he loved and who loved him knew no bounds.
This is not easy in a region where a one-bedroom apartment in a safe neighborhood costs a minimum of $900 per month.
I think he's got a lot out of Camby, got a lot out of Sprewell.
Some recent changes designed to track and control listeria are already in place.
The worst direction is the loneliness and inactivity often faced by those who drift into retirement with no clear agenda.
And there will be a little to qualify the visit as vacation time.
He started the year by underscoring the more intimate side of his repertory in a North American tour with Craig Rutenberg, the pianist.
Throughout the day on Sunday, NATO spokesmen underlined that the air war would be considered a success only when all of the hundreds of thousands of Albanians who became refugees in the last few weeks are returned.
Days later we visited Segesta with its Greek temple set on a ridge and a theater at the top of an adjacent hill.
But several longtime leaseholders cannot afford to buy their plots, say community leaders, who have not decided what to do in those cases.
Today, her Needmore Farms is the only state-licensed producer of goat cheese.
The same state franchise laws also make it impossible for AutoNation to start selling new cars at the used car superstores that it is shutting because that would have infringed on the territories of existing dealers.
But he stays because ''the possibility of working regularly in film and television while at the same time continuing in the theater is the closest thing to heaven.''
The study was not conducted during periods of particular crisis in each of the three countries, when the quality of donations might worsen, Mr. Reich said.
Most of ''One Nation, Two Cultures'' is devoted to describing our current fallen moral state and contrasting it with our former Edenic state, and Himmelfarb, drawing on her experience as a historian, enriches her narrative with pungent quotations from the 18th century to the present.
But in the end he decided it would take too much time from his family life, so he chose to start a bakery instead.
''We keep it in the house.
How can parents determine whether a particular product is right for a child?
On ''Ally McBeal,'' the female lawyers' skirts come up and their hair comes down.
Tino's Place, a fine-dining restaurant in Coral Gables, a Miami suburb, has found the challenge daunting.
Although Mr. Bell has renovated McKim, Mead & White buildings like the Century Association clubhouse on West 43rd Street, he downplays any idea that his firm is heir to those turn-of-the-century legends.
''At this point we're responding to consumer demand,'' Mr. Rosenthal said.
Together, as in a Platonic dialogue, the netherworld participants are eventually granted glimpses of sunlight.
On most afternoons and Saturdays, the center is overflowing.
Iran's relations with Egypt have improved recently as a result of Syrian mediation, and the Egyptian Foreign Minister, Amr Moussa, took part in the Islamic summit conference held in Teheran last year.
Next Sunday 10 a.m., ''Come Thou Long-Expected Jesus'' by Rameau, ''A Hymn to the Virgin'' by Britten, with choir and handbells, and congregational hymns.
Certain historically central artists, like Jasper Johns and Joseph Beuys, have never been deaccessioned.
A result, says Abowitz, is that your average heavyweight boy may indeed have a better chance at winning his princess.
The system was set up in 1997 to track E. coli 0157:H7, but it appears to be equally successful with listeria.
Life's poked a few holes in that theory -- right, pal?''
The level of humor is not as scattershot as it is in most such shows.
As for President Clinton's musings about darkness and light, I find it refreshing that a President who has received constant criticism about his lack of sincerity and depth is taking time to express himself in the later years of his Presidency.
''The Germans must give clear, precise and rapid signals on parity and on the timetable of privatization.''
Mr. Gore set the tone for the day by filling in the numbers of the education plan he outlined in May.
The Farming of Bones By Edwidge Danticat.
There is some validity to what they say.''
If the talks fail, he said, he is prepared to resume the inspections and ticketing.
Workers also laid strips of matting to hold down soil on the hillside and, at the trail head, sank wooden barriers into the ground.
Opening with a suite of Falla songs transcribed by Paul Kochanski, the album strikes an impassioned note.
Former How-To Editor at Family Circle Magazine, Writer, Educator, Home Economist, Artist, and WWII naval veteran.
Calling hours and prayers were Friday, April 9, 1999, at Carpenter Funeral Home, 306 Broadway, Rockland.
Silicon Graphics also said it had reached a preliminary understanding with a potential joint venture partner to take over its Visual Workstation line of products based on Intel microprocessors and Microsoft's Windows NT operating system.
I doubled back to control point No.
Among them: a tofu manufacturer, a workfare street cleaner, a U.P.S.
The American and Chinese Governments both see a potential accord as a rare political breakthrough in a relationship increasingly strained by disputes over such issues as human rights, nuclear espionage and the NATO bombing in Yugoslavia, which China condemns.
Bound and gagged with electrical tape, Mr. Levin was stabbed in the shoulder and side twice with a steak knife.
Give this man who has meant so much to the sport another, and perhaps last, chance to partake in the glory he so richly deserves.
If the suit is fraudulent, it said, the city should fight it aggressively.
Ben Nighthorse Campbell Republican of Colorado The President came through a difficult childhood as I did, and I genuinely like him and feel sorry for both him and his family.
Reports that Ms. Lewinsky would be paid $1 million if she lost 60 pounds could not be confirmed yesterday.
Whether it takes place in December, as church leaders here expect, or sometime next spring, as others say, the main stop, they say, would be the visit to Ur, the ancient city 240 miles south of Baghdad.
''There is the prospect of a deal once everybody understands the situation facing the system,'' said Representative Nick Smith, a Michigan Republican who favors private accounts.
Mr. Pataki has been under intense pressure by gun-control groups and lobbyists to cancel the show.
They are truly the gang that couldn't shoot straight.''
Chef's Corner Christian Mir of the Stone Creek Inn, 405 Montauk Highway, East Quogue (653-6770), will be cooking at the James Beard House on Friday.
The campaign contends it's still there, although on Wednesday night it had dwindled away to ''we've got to focus on preschools.''
''The only thing I'm asking now is the right to have my children visit on holidays,'' she said in a telephone interview from Washington.
Her husband, now 72, also works hard.
On Wednesday afternoon, in an attempt to smooth out the differences between Bonilla and Valentine, Phillips met with the outfielder.
''I asked why, and she said, 'I've never kissed a boy before, and I want to save that for the boy I love.'
Some advocate using Albania as a staging ground for NATO ground troops.
''But now it's a big-money event, and getting it paid for is tough.
Seven years ago, in a Nordstrom department store in Edison, N.J., Ms. Edwards tried to steal more than $1,400 worth of clothing.
It doesn't matter who you are.''
Nor would he say how Televicentro, which is carrying $533 million of debt after a revamping in February, planned to finance the purchase, valued at about $200 million based on today's Televisa share price.
''It has history, it has maturity, it has water, it is special.
Ms. Ingber's panel of experts all turned out to favor providing condoms to high school students.
We're starting to look like something out of the Mexican Revolution, said Jim Page, vice president of business development for flex technologies at Motorola.
But not every short putt is conceded, not even for a halved hole.
Given these facts, the degree and scope of the official resistance is striking.
He graduated from New York University.
17 was unfortunate, but I'm not going to apologize for being excited,'' said Tom Lehman, one of the teammates who rushed to grab Leonard.
The jury will return on Thursday to begin hearing testimony in the sentencing phase.
Mr. Cruz said in an aside: ''Donald is one of my favorite leaders.
SHOWBOAT CASINO HOTEL ''Summer Splash,'' a musical revue of hits from the 1950's, 60's and 70's.
Hunter also improved, in part because of a slight modification to his pitching motion, and he became the steady center of a swaggering, squabbling club that featured larger-than-life characters like Reggie Jackson, Vida Blue and Rollie Fingers.
''She always stands up and says, 'As a consumer advocate, this is the position I take,' '' Mr. Love said.
But Ms. Barshefsky said that she was a realist, and ''clearly the accidental bombing of the embassy and the Cox report have engendered a degree of friction that will take some time to dissipate.''
The sweetness of the tomatoes, the saltiness of the shrimp and the freshness of the basil weren't masked by olive oil.
Often his photographs were purposely unbalanced.
His other lawyer, Irving Cohen, said Mr. Cuff had ''appropriately assessed the risks and determined that this was the proper thing to do for himself.''
A fire at the Triangle Shirtwaist factory in 1911 killed 146 women in 15 minutes; the tragedy led to broader powers for the Fire Department to ensure factory safety and bolstered the drive to unionize factory workers.
To the Editor: ''The Immigrant Lockup'' (editorial, Dec. 31) struck a chord with me.
Like Elia Kazan, the director who received an honorary Oscar in March amid controversy because he named names to the House committee, Mr. Dmytryk was never forgiven in some Hollywood quarters.
The number of complaints about electric companies dropped by about 600 in 1998, from 1,698 in 1997.
In 1975 he established The von Liebig Foundation which generously supports medical research, primarily for the treatment of vascular and cardiovascular diseases.
Mr. Bradley, who was called Dollar Bill by his Knick teammates because of his reputation for frugality, also has slightly more in the bank than Mr. Gore because his campaign has spent much less.
Most of the walls are of sandstone, but other stone is also used, such as the Tennessee pink marble at Merchant's Gate.
A Cabinet vote on Wednesday, followed by an overwhelming endorsement of the agreement in Parliament, cleared the way to start carrying out the accord before the Jewish New Year, which begins on Friday night.
Last year, he delivered a smooth State of the Union Message just six days into the furor over Monica S. Lewinsky.
Characters like Eric Ward, a former police officer who suffers debilitating bouts of glaucoma in the novels of Roy Lewis, and Ernest Bramah's gentleman detective Max Carrados, who lost his eyesight in a riding accident, rely on other, highly sensitized faculties to compensate for their limited vision.
''It's poor, of course,'' he added.
To the Editor: Uwe E. Reinhardt (letter, Aug. 3) suggests that an alternative to maintaining the health care system run by the Department of Veterans Affairs would be to give American veterans private health insurance.
They made a big mistake.
Fewer than 8 million Americans are on welfare, the lowest number in decades.
Mr. Harrison, though not regarded as a particularly charismatic leader, has a strong command of Chase's operations and has effectively corralled some of the more abrasive egos within Chase's executive suite, most notably that of James B. Lee Jr., the volatile head of Chase's large corporate lending business.
In New York, July contracts fell 50 cents, to $16.34 a barrel.
The ratio of an eye socket's width to its height, the distance between brow ridges, the width of nose bridges and many other facial characteristics can suggest kinships that help in tracing relatives.
It's a compliment -- both men are known for their modest, wry, angst-y comedies.
Near the Eastern white pine were several ailing native dogwoods; on one, nearly every leaf had turned partly or completely brown and shriveled.
and plopped into the padded chair.
Their motto -- ''The miracle isn't that I finished.
And some involved in the suit say Mr. Pataki is in no rush to resolve it because he believes that delay would benefit him in this year's budget negotiations here.
The mainsail would have cost them about $4,200 to buy, but donations in time and materials from the Hathaway loft meant that the only cost to them was time -- after school and on Saturdays this winter.
From rhythmic dynamos to tender ballads to carnival-propelled raps, he stays as graceful and smart as his finest Brazilian forebears.
''Now we finally have somebody,'' he said, ''with the power to ask questions that must be answered.''
That process that could take months.
Perhaps Bertrand Russell was right when he conjectured, more than 70 years ago, that ''we know nothing about the intrinsic quality of physical events except when these are mental events that we directly experience.''
''We are dedicated to finding the cause of this tragedy,'' James Hall, the chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board, said at a news briefing in Newport, R.I. ''Factual information may not be developed as quickly as the press may like,'' he said.
Meanwhile, chop the eggplant flesh into half-inch cubes.
It would pass within feet of the homes on Isabel Avenue, and residents have mobilized in opposition, with support from City Councilman Anthony Chiappone and former Mayor Leonard P. Kiczek.
The next summer, the driver of a bus carrying 30 members of the group to a poetry conference in Armenia twice tried to run the bus off a mountain, both times jumping out of the bus to save himself first.
That decision was made by the Connecticut River Joint Commissions, a group that Mr. Gore announced that day would receive a Federal grant to enhance the river.
Her 120,000-member army had gradually pushed the rebels deep into the northern jungles.
Dr. Hantman, a dentist, father of three, expert skier, former president of the Roslyn Little League and baseball, soccer and basketball coach, was the father who helped serve lunch at school and went on class trips.
You know, markets are smart.
So they run outside during the day to line up for TV time; right away they feel better.
The children will remain in their current households, but responsibility for their cases will be reassigned to as many as six other foster-care agencies.
He will especially be missed and remembered by his daughter, Anne, son, Michael, daughter-in-law, Gail, and his grandchildren, Julie, Katie, Erin, and Jason.
China White with Prima donnaz, Stargazer and Elephant.
''I want to write musicals that make people glad they pushed themselves out of the house that night and for some reason went to the theater,'' he said.
As the correspondents denounce NATO and the United States, there is no sense that the rockets are a response to Serb conduct.
The two collaborated on a book about the artist, now a much-valued collector's item in the Ibero-American world, with Mr. Cabral supplying the text and Miro contributing whimsical engravings.
The New York State Theater, owned by the City of New York and completed in 1964, is also in dire need of sweeping renovation, expansion and acoustical repair, its tenants, the New York City Ballet and New York City Opera told the consultants.
The Board of Directors and Members of the Quaker Ridge Golf Club record with deep sorrow the passing of our esteemed member, Ethel Sper, whose many years of friendship and devotion to the Club will always be remembered.
All the composers I know have Stravinsky's music in their blood and brain cells, but audiences still resist most of the music he wrote after ''Les Noces.''
On several occasions, France refused to let its military officers testify in The Hague, apparently to protect classified information.
But Mr. Schroder's indecisiveness over the wealth tax appears to reveal once more his profound uncertainty over what Germany's Social Democracy now stands for.
Events Don't look for commercially sponsored holiday parades in the People's Republic of Santa Monica.
Realistic or stylized, it morphs into instant kitsch.
Erosion at the Montauk bluffs has speeded up from one foot a year to two feet or more, said Mr. Penny, the natural-resources director.
Donehew added 15 for the Jackets, who shot only 35.3 percent from the floor.
Stevenson made it clear that Sampras, and not third-seeded Lindsay Davenport, her semifinal opponent, has always been her favorite player.
On a day when the Giants offense broke out of its shell, Toomer also had a breakout day, catching 6 passes for a career-high 181 yards and 3 touchdowns.
Just before the inbounds pass by the Hawks, Toliver saw Allan Houston grab the wrist of Steve Smith and called him for a dead-ball foul.
On today's winding road, plastic boxes stand out like Humvees in a soapbox derby.
The police would not say how many school safety officers had been assigned to the school, or whether any regular police officers were patrolling it.
Brothers, is working on a rear addition that will step back in a simple, modern style -- ''something very light'' says Howard Zipser, the lawyer representing both the church and the hotel group.
The family will return to the late residence and respectfully requests contributions in her memory be made to the Cardiac Care Division at Albert Einstein Medical Center, Philadelphia, PA., or to the charity of one's choice.
By now you probably know the formula: boy meets girl; boy gets (that's a euphemism) girl, and everybody loses all around.
The measures would outlaw the imports of certain high-capacity ammunition clips and raise the legal age to 21, from 18, for handgun purchases.
Sir Robert Rhodes James, a British historian and biographer who had been a Conservative member of Parliament and an investigator of Kurt Waldheim's war record, died on May 20.
That, in turn, led to a change in how adoption agencies viewed a child's medical history.
May the insidious spontaneities of ''open form,'' which Mr. Brown pioneered, never infiltrate Mr. Sherry's programming!
INTERDENT INC., a dental practice-management company, El Segundo, Calif., acquired Serra Park Dental Services Inc., Santa Clara, Calif., for an undisclosed amount.
They are finding it impossible to duplicate their circus-like offense that made them a 15-1 team a year ago.
Not only does it offer free E-mail, but each user is to receive a free personal voice mail account.
But a love for the music and the people they played for kept them out there, year after year.
And although the end did not particularly please Ewing -- he said he was especially disappointed in the rookie element of the deal -- he was nevertheless relieved it was over.
A20 BUSINESS DAY C1-28 Intel Drops Chip Plan Intel reversed a plan to activate an identifying signature in its next generation of computer chips, bowing to protests that the technology would compromise the privacy of users.
After lunch, we cycled to St. Colman's Abbey, the ruins of a 14th-century church built on the site of a 7th-century monastery founded by St. Colman.
Mr. Jacobson was born on May 17, 1912, in Buffalo.
''It has put a second guess in the minds of officers; it is making them question their obligation,'' he added.
Coarsely chop 9 of the pear halves, reserving the rest for later.
Saku Koivu added a short-handed goal for the Canadiens with 6:36 left in the third period with a short backhander after taking a centering pass from Benoit Brunet.
Mr. Nushi, Mr. Haqibeqiri said, had been forced by the Serbs to build fake bridges out of pine boards and plastic sheeting, in hopes of fooling the NATO bombers, in his little odd-jobs factory behind the house.
Just as Elway did a year ago, he will discuss his decision with his wife, Janet, and their four children, ages 13 to 9.
''And I believe he's going to be a great president for our country.''
6:30 p.m. Information: (212) 717-1701.
And though the 1994 deal announced by President Clinton called for the building of 20 planes, a Boeing spokesman said today that China would build only 1 or 2 planes with the company.
A Qualified Personal Residence Trust, Mr. Shenkman said, makes it possible to save money on gift and estate taxes by allowing a homeowner to reduce his estate by transferring a principal residence and up to one vacation home to a trust for a specified period of time.
Douglas D. Broadwater, Chairman, Board of Directors Carol Raphael, President and Chief Executive Officer
wild-card race, led by 5-3 in the ninth.
Hardly any Democrat up for re-election looked more like a sure winner.
The movie was produced by Gale Ann Hurd (left), who has produced 22 movies and is well known not for frothy comedies but for high-adrenaline pictures like ''Armageddon,'' ''The Terminator,'' ''Aliens'' and ''The Abyss.''
They merely reflected the reality of a different sport, an organized union, a hardened membership.
Billings were estimated at $20 million.
Meanwhile, the Free Synagogue of Flushing, a Reform temple on nearby Kissena Boulevard, rents out its worship hall to a Korean Presbyterian congregation on Sundays.
The question for Yoshii is will he be back the next time his turn comes up.
Since he arrived in the 1970's, his musical taste has been unswerving.
''I turned it into a compact,'' she said.
''Apple sort of invented the Super Bowl as a high-profile place to run ads,'' said Steven P. Jobs, interim chief executive at Apple in Cupertino, Calif., referring to the famous spot, titled ''1984,'' which ran that year to introduce the Macintosh.
In addition to the co-skipper Ben Wright and his longtime allies Brian Thompson and David Scully, the stellar cast includes the prominent West Coast ocean racers Peter Hogg and Stan Honey; the boat's designers, Gino Morelli and Pete Melvin, and one of Fossett's buddies from his ballooning circles, Richard Branson, the Virgin Airlines chief executive.
Jackson Pollock said that each new age demands a new material.''
Last year, he really shined and played very well.
That plan would supersede the compact, Mr. Solomon said.
Mr. Heine of the S.E.C.
''Just the presence of the actual object comes into it.
Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co. Cutter & Buck Inc., Seattle, 1.7 million shares.
The spa treatment is limited to $110 a person.
It shows something very human.''
It's between Kerry and the organization and I apologize for making them.
''We believe in the show, and we're digging deep.
Episodes ranged from a frolic in a rabbit mask to a monologue about a miracle-working boa constrictor.
''The biggest problem I found when I came in here was lack of discipline and leadership,'' he said.
5:45:28 29442 Argentine, M, 35F .
Their exploiters thrill them with hair-raising tales of alien abductions and how Sally learned from a midnight dream that Uncle Barney was perishing in a house fire; you get to tell them that such stories, which they love, are bunk.
You can marinate the olives up to a week in advance if you like.
Hong Kong's emphasis on short-term speculation has made local companies reluctant to invest in research and development because it does not generate a quick return.
Born in St. Gallen, Switzerland, he served in an army intelligence unit 1941-1946, and was an investigator at the Nuremberg War Crimes Trials.
On previously unsurveyed areas of the ice sheet's periphery, the scientists found that large expanses had thinned by nearly eight inches a year.
''Richie said he knows we'll take some hits for changing our position,'' Bruce Froemming, a National League umpire and a member of the union's board of directors, said by telephone from Atlanta.
After President Clinton turned down a deal on Chinese membership in the trade group during Mr. Zhu's visit, Chinese and American negotiators looked to early June as a deadline to reach an agreement, when China's most-favored-nation trading status expires.
He attracted considerable attention earlier this year with his purchase of Petrofina, a move that made Total slightly bigger than Elf Acquitaine.
He hired Pete Hamill ''to write whatever he wants,'' Mr. Remnick said.
St. John's could meet New Mexico, now coached by the former St. John's coach Fran Fraschilla, in the Cosida Classic.
Visiting Tuesday 2-4 and 7-9 PM.
The overall look should make a a visitor think: ''Wow!
But not every team has a Brown, who can match a Johnson mano a mano, or cancel his opponent's potent performances with his own in other games.
But of course they can do it.
''Working with him is like coming home,'' Mr. Depp said.
This is just one of those strange seasons for the two great players.
The overall message from the digital mailbag was that people seem pretty happy with their DVD players, regardless of make and model.
Ristorante Parizzi, 71 Via Repubblica, 43100 Parma; (39-0521) 285-952.
Don't think about the past, don't think too far ahead.
''I was in the eighth grade and things were going downhill for me,'' Sanchez said.
''We just met one day and they said because of these international financial problems 'we don't want to be involved any more as a partner','' he said.
Sun-Diamond's lawyer, Eric W. Bloom, faced a friendlier audience.
It all comes in one bowl, which was decidedly not the way it was served back home, near Italy's heel.
His ability to hold up a vast project like Narita, at incalculable economic costs for Japan, underscores the difficulties that the Japanese political process has in creating losers.
Mr. Gatto, 54, succeeded his imprisoned father as leader, and his request to be placed in the same penitentiary as his father was rejected by Judge Alfred M. Wolin of United States District Court.
Or will they mix them into -- gasp -- purple?
-- an acronym for the Basque words for Basque Homeland and Freedom -- wants an independent homeland straddling the Spanish-French border.
With all this on the line coming in, I knew I had to unify the belts.''
The Entergy Corporation, which owns electric utilities in four states, said yesterday it would buy back as much as $750 million of common stock, or about 10 percent of its shares outstanding, to increase the value of the shares.
''I get so terribly tired.''
With the four-year talks apparently near completion, Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani has also dropped his demand that the city's 2,500 assistant principals give up their tenure protections.
Funeral 2pm Thursday, United Hebrew Cemetery, Staten Island, NY.For Info.Mount Sinai Memorial Chapels, East Brunswick, NJ.
NEW JERSEY REPERTORY COMPANY ''North Folk,'' by Mark Dunn.
Defensive back Victor Green was asked the annoying, but relevant question: Is this week must-win time for the Jets?
I was just biding my time, waiting for the regular season.
George E. Pataki said today that he would not be averse to such an increase.
Dana and Karen Kletter, twin sisters and songwriters, sing family chronicles that float in harmony above undulating piano patterns.
But for a military commander who presided over a 78-day mission that produced not a single allied casualty in combat and achieved the aim of allowing hundreds of thousands of Kosovo Albanian refugees to return home after the Serbian forces had been driven out of the province, General Clark seemed surprisingly on the defensive, perhaps because political leaders in allied capitals have been asking how effective the bombing really was since it ended.
Aside from an amusing interlude late in the proceedings involving the arrival of a guileless undertaker, ''It's My Party'' doesn't make much of the situation.
To make things easier, the state even set up a toll-free ''telefile'' system so that residents could claim their rebates through a simple three-minute automated phone call.
Mr. Clawson is survived by his wife, who is director of corporate communications for Entergy, a global energy corporation based in New Orleans; his mother, Lilaf Clawson of Monroe; a sister, Ann Smith of Jackson, Mich.; two sons, Ken David 2d of Berryville, Va., and Geoffrey of McLean, Va.; a daughter, Karen Kelchak of Cumberland, Md.
But neither the film, the practice nor any words delivered in more than three hours behind closed doors could change the facts that the tape lowlights only seemed to pound even harder into their heads.
''I am truly grateful that we are able to bestow this priceless gift on generations to come,'' Mr. Clinton said in a statement.
Still another has its muzzle to the ground.
The Times: How can we make sure that everything remains stable in our box?
National Juried Show Graphic Eye Gallery, 301 Main Street, Port Washington.
He was named president and chief executive in 1989 and chairman in 1993.
''You realize you're not the same person you were before,'' he said.
Medicare officials have demanded the return of $90 million that the Government said were overcharges.
The Edward Jones approach, of course, is distinctive in Britain, stressing a Main Street presence and local contacts made from a one-person office, where advice is free and revenues come from commission fees and transaction charges.
Let the Mets list the reasons.
ACKER-Howard G. Died peacefully January 2.
There was our trail, 60 feet away, climbing a gravel bank on the other side of a knee- to thigh-deep stream.
Repeat process with the remaining mixture.
Joe Andrew, the national chairman-designate of the Democratic National Committee, said Los Angeles was selected for several reasons, including the ''vibrancy and diversity of the people'' and the election of Mr. Davis, the first Democratic governor in California in 16 years.
He can rest in peace.''
He had an extensive background in dance and the arts in addition to being a brilliant businessman.
''We fell in love with the site, like many before us,'' said Joel Kissin, who helped start the restaurant business and is now president of Bridgemarket Restaurant Inc. Not yet named, the Conran restaurants will occupy 26,000 square feet.
''It is impossible not to love it.
So getting hit broadside by a rogue wave, say from a powerboat, when you've stopped to reel in a fish could result in your losing your rod or paddle overboard.
said that its largest customers, like banks and insurance companies, had bought extra mainframes earlier in the year to test their software to make sure it would operate properly with dates after the turn of the millennium.
Paulson Investment Co. Titan Exploration Inc., Midland, Tex., 10 million shares.
When Mr. Kumar's mother walked onto the raised ground where the pyre was situated, the crowd burst into applause and they clapped again when more than a dozen soldiers lifted rifles to their shoulders and fired a salute.
They underestimate us all the time, which is to our advantage.''
I'm just trying to fit in and help the team win.''
Ms. Lou's forte, after all, is not making discrete objects but the Midas-like transformation of ordinary worlds into shining visions.
His plans for the papers include expanding circulation, increasing advertising and improving their Internet presence.
''I thought it would be great to have them see the same fair that I went to as a kid,'' he said.
When very fat people get down to the desired weight, they look normal but are physiologically the equivalent of a person who is starving to death: their metabolic rates are low, they are infertile, they crave food.
The air offensive has not gone well in the first 11 days, and the American people should not be denied a full account of the reasons, beyond the foul weather that has limited bombing runs.
Michael, Mr. LaRock said, had been playing on a team of youths from the neighborhood around Walt Whitman Intermediate School, which he had attended.
They have just gone through possibly the most arduous stretch of the schedule that any team will face this year, and they responded magnificently.
But the decision did not affect the 20 percent stake in Gucci that LVMH has amassed.
Three guest choreographers offered works.
But they said the problem went well beyond the fund.
The icon's name comes from the fact that the image was created spontaneously rather than done by an artist's hand.
New York's own success or failure in preventing disruptions in services and commerce will have implications far beyond the city's five boroughs, given its status as a hub of finance, trade and travel.
And what sites are visited by the ghost of a firefighter?
''Most guys' stations now have their own Web sites, but frankly, they aren't too exciting.''
The Suffolk County Bias Crimes Unit declared it a bias crime.
You have to have a thick skin and a high level of tolerance for human frailties.''
But there is one thing the father can aspire to: challenging the world's record for skill with a doorknob.
When they return from summer vacation, they don't want to find Brian Leetch's locker empty, too.
''Their bodyguards carried it,'' Mr. Zion said.
This is a knockout presentation of the work of 47 early 20th-century Pomo basket makers.
But many of the neighborhood's older black residents remained, creating a stable community of homeowners and a core of neighborhood activists, said Mr. Jones.
Mr. Gideon said that some of the Sondheim songs cut from shows like ''Company,'' ''Sweeney Todd'' and ''Anyone Can Whistle'' moved audiences in ''Marry Me.''
The captions described poisonous insects, meningitis double globular bacteria, ulcerous cylindrical bacteria and flies that could crawl but not fly.
When they came across a disagreement, Hunter said, they moved on.